Contract Marriage With Mysterious President
https://s.swnovels.com/images/book/medium/book-1620727848.jpeg
Within less than a month, Amy got married and divorced and then remarried again. All of these happened so quickly that Amy didn’t know if she was blessed or cursed. What was worse, she didn’t really know who was her second husband. However, he was enthusiastic to do his job as her husband, namely returning home on time and having sex with her every night.*****"Mr. Carter, I want to resign!""Good. According to our contract, pay ten million of contractual penalties! Then you are free to go."What?! Contract! Ten million! Mr. Carter was such a harsh and ruthless president! Amy found her life was totally a disaster. But as she came to know Mr. Carter later, she changed her opinion and even...	
Chapter 1 Dramatic wedding
	It was quite a passionate night.
	Amy Miller was sleeping and felt someone came closer to her. Did Matt, her husband, come back? She wanted to opened her eyes but she felt too sleepy to make it. The next second, that man already took off her clothes and left kisses on her body.
	She was turned on and felt her desire was ignited by him. She wanted more and couldn’t help moaning in a low voice, which made him more excited.
	The sex was wonderful and she didn’t count how many times she came. But she was exhausted in the end. The last thing she remembered was that he caressed her cheek gently.
	And she just said, "Let’s stop and rest. Please, I’m really tired."
	After that, she passed out.
	Sunlight poured in as dawn awoke the sky. A violent knock on the door woke Amy. She opened her eyes and looked around. But to her surprise, she wasn't in her bridal chamber.
	Her marriage to Matt Wilson was the night before. The wedding was so pleasant that Amy drank quite a bit. After having the last glass of wine toasted by her intimate friend, Gina White, Amy forgot what happened.
	She had no time to recall the night before. She picked up her torn wedding dress from the floor and pulled it on in a hurry as pain wracked her entire body. Before Amy had the dress on all the way, a group of journalists broke the door down and rushed in with Matt close behind them. The flashing cameras startled Amy so much that she reached for Matt's hand. But he shook off her.
	"Amy Miller. We haven’t even been married half a day and you can't wait to sleep with other man. You son of a bitch!" Matt said, stepping forward and slapping her cheek so hard that it echoed through the room.
	"Matt!"
	Matt beat her down, catching her off guard. Her face swelled within seconds. She cried out and covered her face with her hand as she tried to put together what was happening.
	"Amy, I can't believe you would do such a terrible thing! Matt had been waiting for you in the bridal chamber for the whole night, but you never came. And now you turned out to be busy having sex with someone else last night. How could you?"
	Gina walked up to her and tossed the photos to Amy with a foxy glance.
	Amy looked at her doubtfully and picked up the photos. The next moment, her face turned pale. She was clearly having sex with a man in the photo. Although his face didn’t show in the picture, he wasn’t Matt.
	‘What the hell is going on? Why did I sleep with this strange man last night?’ Amy totally blanked.
	"Listen to me, Matt. I can explain."
	She scrambled to her feet and struggled to explain what happened. But what could she say? She didn’t remember anything!
	"We’re getting divorced," Matt said in distaste. He took out the divorce papers prepared in advance and threw them at Amy.
	He pierced Amy’s heart with his words and refused to look at her.
	"Amy. It's better for you to let go of Matt. He doesn’t love you anymore," Gina pretended to comfort her, but her tone was full of arrogance and happiness.
	"Gina, you plotted this?!" Amy asked because she suddenly recalled the wine and lunged at Gina for confrontation.
	"What are you doing? Just sign the papers and get out of here," Matt shouted.
	Before Amy got close to Gina, Matt shoved her violently, causing Amy to smash into the table. She fell to the floor, tears blurring her vision as she hid her face in her hands.
	"Matt." Gina caressed Matt’s hand and sneered at Amy, gloating over her prize.
	Amy raised her head and understood everything. She glared at them, hands balling into fists.
	"Matt Wilson. I refuse to sign the divorce papers." She sneered back at them and threw the papers to their faces. She refused to let them play her in such a way. He wanted to divorce her and stayed with Gina? She wouldn’t allow that!
	"Don't be silly. If you reject to sign them, I’ll send the photos to the newspapers and they’ll be all over the front page. Soon your dad will know all about your shame." Matt knew exactly what to say and how to control her.
	Amy hesitated. Miller Group fell into sudden bankruptcy not too long ago. Her father had a heart attack and was still in hospital. The doctor warned Amy that any extra stress would be too much for his fragile heart. She had to prevent her father from seeing the photos. His life depended on it.
	She glared at Matt's face, one she used to gaze at in awe and now wanted to do nothing more than to tear it into pieces.
	"Fine, I’ll sign."
	She compressed her anger, picked up the papers and signed them without even reading. She knew the terms would make things even worse for her, but her father’s health came first.
	"Don't forget your things in the bridal chamber." Matt reminded her with a sneer.
	"Throw them away. I don’t need them." Amy held her head high and protected her pride. But she knew her head was aching badly as if it was going to explode.
	Then she shoved past the journalists in front of her and rushed out without looking at the traitorous couple behind her.
Chapter 2 The car accident
	The heat of the sun dazzled Amy. She rushed out of the building too fast to avoid the on-coming car. She crashed into the front corner and collapsed to the ground.
	"What happened?" A man’s cool and magnetic voice came from the backseat of the car.
	"I believe someone crashed into our car. Let me go check," the driver said, not having fully seen what happened.
	The man sat in silence as the driver opened the car door and went to see.
	Amy was lying on the ground. She forgot the dizziness and anger suffocating her heart, only feeling the pain in her backside.
	"Madam, are you OK?" the driver asked nervously as Amy grimaced in pain.
	She said nothing and struggled to stand. When she couldn’t quite reach the car to pull herself up, the driver was quite thoughtful and reached down to help her.
	Once Amy was leaning against the car, she reflected on how unlucky she was in the past twelve hours. She had unknowingly slept with a strange man and her husband caught her, well, her ex-husband blackmailed her into divorce on their first day of marriage. And, now, a car hit her. She couldn’t help but vent her anger by kicking the car as hard as she could.
	Wow, she felt so much better after kicking the car. So she decided to kick again. But before she could, the car window was slidden down and a handsome face was staring at her. Handsome could never fully depict how stunning he looked.
	She believed Matt was the most dashing man she had seen in her life. But not anymore. Now that she saw the man in the car, she knew Matt couldn’t compete with him.
	"The kicking shows she’s fine. Give her some money and ask her to leave."
	The handsome man’s bitter words awakened Amy’s anger again, and she regretted not to kick the car again.
	"You think you’re really something, don’t you? No matter how rich you are and how luxurious your car is, you can’t control me with your money," Amy said while shouting and pointing at the man, not caring how she looked.
	But the man just ignored her and slid up the window.
	"Madam, please take the money and leave us alone. My boss has urgent business to attend to. Please, go to the hospital with the money to make sure you’re okay." The driver took out a thick stack of money and handed it to Amy.
	She snatched the money from the driver and before he could react, she opened the car door and threw all money at that handsome man before running away.
	Richard Carter sat in shock as money fluttered around him. He assumed Amy opened the door to thank him, but she spited him instead.
	"Sir... are… are you OK?" the driver asked, his horror causing him to stutter.
	Richard wiped the money off his face and clothes at ease and turned to his driver, "Pick up the money."
	Richard stared at Amy running off and couldn’t help but smile.
	She was quite interesting. It seemed she didn't recognize him. Or did she forget what happened last night? He entered the wrong room and found himself attracted to her. So they enjoyed the steamy night, right?
	While Amy didn’t look back. She ran as fast as she could in her torn wedding dress and with the pain she was in. The car looked so luxurious and the man was obviously rich. Now, she was bankrupt and couldn't afford to offend the rich. She was too impulsive. But if the man tried to offer her the money again, she wouldn’t hesitate to throw his money at him again.
	Afraid the man would chase her for making trouble, she continued running although she didn’t know nowhere to go. At this moment, she felt someone patted her on her shoulder and she screamed in terror.
Chapter 3 Homeless Amy
	Amy's scream scared the person who patted her. So they screamed together.
	It took Amy a moment to realize it wasn’t that man, but her friend, Hannah Adams. Hannah didn’t attend Amy’s wedding yesterday because Gina and she never got along.
	"Hannah, you scared me!" Amy said. She thought that man caught her and was going to get back at her.
	"You scared me too, Amy!" Hannah’s heart was still pounding heavily.
	When they calmed down, Hannah took Amy to a nearby cafe.
	"Why were you running? I called your name for a long time! But you were running so fast. Who was chasing after you?" Hanna asked, glancing at her.
	Looking into Hanna’s worried eyes, Amy didn’t have to pretend she was fine and couldn't help crying out.
	"What happened, dear? Did Matt upset you? Let me teach him a lesson!" Hannah’s heart hurt for Amy's sadness. She stood up and decided to look for Matt. She couldn’t allow him to upset her friend.
	Amy hastily stopped Hanna by grabbing her arm. She knew Hannah very well. If Hannah found Matt, she would beat him and this would only make things worse.
	"Please don't go, Hannah. We’re divorced now." Amy explained, holding back tears.
	"Divorced? You just got married yesterday, and you’re divorced already? Are you kidding me?" Hannah laughed, not wanting to believe her friend.
	The laughter confused Amy. ‘Is Hannah happy to see me divorced?’
	"Why are you laughing? Shouldn't you feel sad about my divorce? Are you happy I’m divorced?" Amy stopped crying and wiped her tears with a tissue.
	"Actually, I’m glad you divorced Matt. I told you before he wasn’t reliable, but you insisted on marrying him. See. He’s rubbish indeed." Hannah became more furious and pounded the table hard, which attracted the waiter. The two apologized before continuing the conversation.
	"The most disgusting thing is that Matt and Gina got together and set up a trick for me. They even brought journalists to the hotel to humiliate me and force me to sign the divorce papers." Recalling what happened in the hotel, Amy felt angry and sad at the same time. She did love him and treat Gina as one of her best friends. But look at her now, was this what she deserved?
	While Hannah was listening quietly with her face full of worry.
	"Never mind. It won’t hurt anymore. The only question is who slept with me last night. You know, I was a virgin before... but now..." Amy took a sip of her coffee with tears adding a salty flavor.
	"Damn it! I'm a hundred percent sure their relationship won’t last long! As for what happened last night, what’s done is done. Don’t fret over this and move on, darling." Hannah tried her best to comfort Amy.
	...
	Richard sneezed in the car suddenly.
	"Should I turn up the air conditioner?" the driver asked.
	"It's okay. Just keep driving." Richard frowned. His family called him earlier and said they needed him back now. So his driver was expertly maneuvering through traffic to get him home as soon as possible.
	...
	To comfort Amy and cheer her up, Hannah spent the whole day staying with her. But when the evening came, it reminded Amy that she was homeless now. She couldn’t go back to the house her family bought for Matt and her because the house was under Matt's name at his request. Back then, she believed they were going to be the family and agreed without hesitation.
	Now she regretted losing her last family property because of her ignorance.
	"It's too late now, Hannah. You’d better go home or your mum will get worried. Don’t worry about me. I'm getting better now." Amy said, persuading Hannah to go home.
	"What about you? Will you go back to your new house?" Hannah asked.
	Amy nodded, "I'm good now. You already comforted me for the whole day. It's time to go home."
	Later, she pushed Hannah into the taxi and watched her leaving.
	After Hannah left, Amy sat on a bench and felt lost. Where should she go now? After all, she was homeless.
Chapter 4 Hit his car
	Richard felt frustrated after talking to his family and headed back home directly. The urgent business in their eyes was his marriage. They wanted him to get married as soon as possible. But he thought he was young. Why was the hurry? Besides, why would they worry about his marriage? He was so handsome and rich.
	Richard frowned and his grandfather’s words replayed in his mind.
	"Richard, you’d better forget that woman right away and find a wife within a month. If you don’t, I...I will die in sorrow!"
	He didn’t quite understand his grandpa. How could he find himself a wife in just a month! Well, he couldn’t just randomly find a woman on the street and propose to her, right? At least, they should agree to get married.
	Usually Richard wouldn’t take his grandfather’s words seriously. But this time, however, Richard was worried his grandfather wouldn’t let him go easily. If he really got stubborn and did something stupid, Richard would regret for the rest of his life.
	"Sir, look at the the girl sitting over there. She is so bold. It’s quite late now, but she still hangs out outside alone." the driver exclaimed.
	Richard didn’t bother to see. He had no interest in this kind of girls at all.
	The story between the two should’ve ended there, but God made a joke of it.
	When his car drove by, it drove right through the puddle in front of her, covering Amy’s entire body with muddy water.
	Amy was sullen about her future since she was both divorced and homeless. And the next second, she had to forget the past and deal with a soaking, filthy dress. Could this day get any worse? She wondered.
	"Hey, you! What's wrong with you? Stop your car!" Amy yelled.
	Since Richard’s car was soundproof, he didn’t hear Amy was yelling at him.
	Without getting any response, Amy was so angry that she picked up a stone, and threw it at the car. Coincidentally, the stone hit the trunk with a perfect clink.
	The car stopped instantly and the driver rushed out to check for damage.
	Amy went panicked when she saw she did hit the car. She was just angry and tried to do something. Besides, the car looked so luxurious. If she caused any harm, there was no way she could afford to pay for the repairs.
	But after a second look, why did this car look so familiar?
	Before Amy moved, the driver already walked over to her. It was already too late for her to run away.
	"It’s you again?" The driver recognized her at once. She was the woman who threw Richard’s money back at him earlier this morning.
	"What? I don’t understand. Do I know you?" Amy played innocent. She had no other choice, either. She was bankrupt and couldn’t afford to pay the repairs.
	"You look like a nice girl but why are you always making trouble for us?" the driver asked gloomily.
	She didn’t meant it. After all, she could never hit anything so precisely.
	"There’s a dent at the back of the car that will cost a lot to fix." The driver dragged Amy to the car and pointed it out to her.
	Amy felt sorry and lowered her head. But when she saw her filthy, soaking dress and remembered being splashed by the puddle, she knew it wasn’t just her fault.
	“I only threw the stone because you splashed me with the puddle as you drove by. I never meant to damage the car, but you should be more careful when driving!”
	Then the car door opened and a shiny shoe stepped onto the street..
Chapter 5 You planned it
	Seeing the car door opened, Amy stepped back and stared at him as he stepped out and walked toward her.
	He was over six feet tall and looked extremely stunning in the dark blue suit. He even looked far more handsome than any international models Amy had ever seen. However, he also seemed cold and unapproachable at the same time.
	Richard got out of his car and checked the dent directly without paying attention to Amy. The damage was hardly noticeable and not worth the effort of getting repaired.
	After checking, he turned to Amy. "You rejected my money this morning so you could get back at me now. Well, I have to say you did planned all these." He stared scornfully at Amy.
	Amy's anger burst once she heard him. She suffered the whole day, and was doing her best to be polite, but he wronged her and accused her of planning all these.
	"I planned this? How could I know you would drive this way? Do I even know you? Why would I plan this? You are so unbelievable!" Amy yelled and turned around. She just wanted to get out of here as soon as possible.
	Why was the world punishing her? Hadn’t she gone through enough?
	The driver was totally shocked when Amy scolded Richard without fear. In R city, everyone was afraid of Richard and no on ever dared to scold him.
	Richard's face darkened. He had never been scolded like this in his life. He knew he should be angry but to his surprise, he didn’t. Instead, he found her quite amusing. What was wrong with him?
	He looked at her back and thought about the steamy night they spent last night. She was so passionate. But now she seemed furious. Alas, he missed her passion and her sexy body.
	"Sir… I think that woman…" The driver saw Richard’s silence and tried to explain for Amy.
	"Never mind. Let's go." Richard smiled. He wasn’t in a bad mood anymore.
	As Richard got in the car, he called his friend Kevin Smith and asked for his help to investigate Amy. He wanted to know more about her.
	While Amy was wandering aimlessly and arrived at the hospital before she even realized it.
	She was worried about her father. So she decided to see him and maybe got some sleep in the chair outside his room.
	She peeked into his room, but her dad had fallen asleep already.
	Her dad's illness cost a lot of money, and her family ran out of money for his medical bills. They couldn't do anything now but to pray for a miracle.
	After seeing her dad, Amy sat in the chair outside of the room. It was summer, so she didn't need to worry about the cold. It didn’t take long for her to fall asleep.
	She wasn’t asleep for long because a loud noise woke her. She opened her eyes and wasn’t sure where she was for a moment until she saw the doctors rushing about.
	What was going on? Why were they rushing about? Amy sat up and rubbed her eyes. It was still well before dawn. Maybe there was an emergency in the hospital, she thought.
	But when she looked up, she gasped.
Chapter 6 We need to talk
	Amy looked up and found that the doctors were rushing into the ward where her father was in. What happened? She had a bad feeling and followed them immediately.
	“Check his heart rate and send him to the emergency room. Now!” the doctor stared at Amy’s father and ordered.
	Amy pushed her way to the doctor and asked, “What’s going on? Doctor? How is my dad?” Amy wanted to cry but she must hold back her tears right now.
	“Leave the doctor alone. Can’t you see we are busy now? Move away.” A nurse stopped Amy.
	The doctors looked so serious and Amy stood aside, afraid to disturb them. They were using various medical instruments none of which looked familiar to Amy.
	She followed them to the emergency room and the door closed before her. She could do nothing but to wait outside, worried and frightened.
	At this moment, a doctor walked out and patted her on her shoulder.
	“How is my dad?” Amy asked hurriedly.
	“Don’t worry for now.” he sighed, “So you are his daughter, right?” He opened the file in his hand and was reading the document.
	“Yes I am.” Amy wiped her tears and answered.
	“All right. I’m here to inform you that you must pay his medical bills right now. If not, we have to discharge him and stop all treatment right now. In this case, he may not survive next time.” the doctor put on a professional yet cold look.
	Amy was penniless now. All her stuff was in the hotel where her heart was broken.
	“How much should I pay?” She asked. Maybe she could borrow some money from Hannah.
	“A hundred thousand now. But that is far from enough. The medicine used on him is necessary and expensive. Besides, his condition is not stable. I suggest he should have the heart transplant operation as soon as possible. This will also prevent him from suffering more pain.”
	He sighed. It wasn’t the first time to send Amy’s dad to the emergency room. Who knew if he could survive next time? And the money, they should pay the bills now.
	“I will figure it out soon.” Amy answered in a low voice. She had been informed of the urgent operation long ago. But she could not afford the operation. She even couldn’t pay one hundred thousand.
	The doctor sighed at Amy and left quickly, leaving her worried about the expense.
	What could she do now? Where could she get such a great amount of money? Maybe she could borrow one hundred thousand from Hannah. But how could she ever afford the operation? It might cost one million. Even if she sold her house, it was still not enough. Besides, the house was left by her mom so her dad wouldn’t allow her to sell it anyway.
	After the Miller Group went bankrupt, all their properties were confiscated. Only one apartment under her mom’s name was left for her aunt to live in.
	“Ah!” Amy shouted out and scratched her head hard. She was about to go crazy. Why did all bad things happen today? She was so worried that her head was aching like hell.
	“Excuse me, Miss Miller.” A gentle voice came to Amy suddenly.
	She looked up and saw a stranger. Was he calling her? She wondered. Then she looked around and found nobody else there. So he must have called her.
	“Yes?” Amy stood up and answered in doubts.
	Robin was wondering if Richard’s taste in woman had changed. After all, Amy was wearing an improper dress with messy hair. Her eyes were red and her face was swollen. In short, she was far from a pretty and decent girl.
	Did Richard really want to marry this girl? Though Robin had doubts in his mind, he was polite as always.
	“Yes, Miss Miller. I think we need to talk.”
Chapter 7 Pay for the medical expense
	Robin’s politeness didn’t win Amy’s affection for him.
	Her life had changed dramatically overnight. Though she was strong and tough, she was hurt deeply and couldn’t trust anyone right now.
	“About what?” Amy asked with distrust.
	“Miss Miller. You need a lot of money, right? For your father’s operation? And you were abandoned by your husband? Are you going to do nothing and let him enjoy his life?” Robin described Amy’s trouble and misery one by one.
	“So what? Are you coming to laugh at me?” She stared at Robin, wondering why he knew so much about her.
	“Not at all. On the contrary, I’m here to help you. We can cooperate with each other. If you marry my master, all these problems will be solved instantly.” Robin answered calmly.
	He must be joking, right? She just got divorced and then a stranger came to propose her for his master? Why? What kind of weirdo would do such a thing? He didn’t have a better choice?
	“Is your master disabled physically?” Amy asked.
	“No. He’s strong and healthy.” Robin replied.
	“Then he’s disabled mentally or he’s blind?” Amy continued.
	“Neither. My master is intelligent and healthy both physically and mentally. May I know why you asked these questions?” Now Robin thought Amy was not only messy but also weird. She should feel so lucky that someone offered to pay the medical expense for her dad and accept it at once. But she kept asking weird questions.
	Why would Richard choose her to be his wife? Robin felt sorry for his master in secret.
	“Look at me. I’m so wretched right now. If he is healthy both mentally and physically, why will he want to marry me? What does he want from me? Never mind. Please tell your master that I don’t want to get married now.” Then she left.
	But Robin didn’t just leave as Amy walked to the ward. Richard ordered him that he had to make Amy accept his proposal. While Robin was not worried at all. He had confidence that Amy would accept the proposal in the end. After all, she needed money, a lot of money.
	When Amy walked into the ward, her father, Stephen Miller, was in stable condition. The doctors all left. Only a nurse was left here to watch him.
	“Miss Miller! You are here! Your dad is much better now.” the nurse turned to Amy and comforted her.
	“Yeah, I know. Just now, I was so scared. But he survived this time.” Amy walked to her father.
	Stephen looked so pale in bed. He was just lying there so quietly. But for the sign showing his heartbeat on the device, he looked much more like dead.
	“Miss Miller. The doctor just said you must pay the medical bill now. Or they will stop treating him...” her voice became lower and lower.
	Amy already knew this. If she couldn't pay the bill, her dad would be discharged later, which meant he was sentenced to death. Amy wanted to cry, but what was the point? She must stay strong and find a solution.
	Her dad was all she got now. She couldn’t let him leave her. What could she do now?
	She was willing to do anything.
Chapter 8 Marriage contract
	“Miss Miller, your father needs the surgery right now. I can see that he is in poor health, and you really should consider my suggestion.” Robin came into the ward quietly.
	Amy looked at her father, and thought about what the nurse just said. Then she wiped her tears and made up her mind.
	She turned to Robin. “Fine, I will marry him. I don’t care whether your master is disable or ill and I will marry him. But I need one million right now. With this money, the doctor can perform the heart transplant operation on my dad!” Amy had no options. She could only save her father by sacrificing herself.
	“Okay, that is not a problem. I will transfer the money immediately.” Robin felt relived to see Amy accepted the deal. He took out his phone and transferred the money in a second.
	“Alright, Miss Miller, it is all done. The money is transferred. In fact, I transferred another three hundred thousand. Now you can feel relieved.” Robin put down the phone and said to Amy.
	It felt so good to be rich. They could solve so many problems just with money. When the medical bill was paid, the doctors and nurses came to the ward again.
	“We will use the best medicine on your dad. And we are looking for the suitable heart now. As soon as we get one, we will perform the operation at once, Miss Miller.”
	Amy recognized the doctor. He was urging her to pay the bill just now. But now he was so polite.
	After receiving money, they became so kind, and even that doctor was more friendly than before.
	“Alright. Everything is arranged properly. Now, please follow me, Miss Miller.” Robin said to Amy very politely.
	“OK!” Before Amy left, she turned around and looked at her dad. She knew she would never regret her decision.
	Seeing the luxurious Bentley car, Amy knew Robin’s master was really rich. But why would he choose her to be his wife? He must be either disable or very ugly.
	Robin took Amy to a villa in the suburb. When they arrived, he opened the car door and let Amy get off.
	This villa was huge and grand. But thinking about the marriage, Amy just felt depressed.
	When she went into the villa, she was deeply impressed by the expensive and furniture and decoration. Maybe Robin’s master was more than rich. Amy thought to herself.
	But she had no interest in this. She was eager to know how ugly her husband was.
	“Miss Miller, please have a seat. I will get you the marriage contract.” Robin pointed to the sofa and asked the servant to serve some desserts and drink for her.
	Then he went to the study and fetched the contract prepared in advance.
	“Miss Miller, please take a look. If you have no problem, please sign it.” Robin handed the contract to her.
	Amy took the contract and read it carefully.
	There were not many terms in the contract. It stated that Amy married the master, and he would pay all medical expenses for Amy’s father.
	Besides, their marriage would last for two years. Two years later, they would get a divorce, and the master would compensate her with ten million.
	But it was also stated specially that in these two years, they should live like a real couple.
	Amy thought that this contract was very beneficial to her, especially the compensation of ten million. The master was much more generous than the jerk, Matt. She had a conclusion. In these two years, she would live with a very ugly man. But then she would be free with a fortune.
	“Well, Robin, your master is quite generous. Won’t it be unfair to him?” Amy hold the contract and asked Robin.
	Of course it was unfair to him! But Richard really wanted to get married soon due to the pressure from his family. Otherwise, there was no way for her to marry his master. But Robin didn’t say that out loud.
	“Of course not. You will also sacrifice, right? Two years mean a lot for a young lady like you.” Robin was being polite.
	But Amy didn’t think that way. The contract was so beneficial to her that she wanted to sign it at once. But why would she be so lucky? Were they setting her up somewhere?
	But why her? She got nothing to lose anyway. Well, maybe she had to have sex with that ugly man. But as long as he paid the medical bill, she thought she could accept that.
	The next moment, Amy signed this contract and gave it back to Robin.
	“Miss Miller, I also brought all your stuff left in the hotel today. Please take a look and check if anything is lost. Besides, your room is the second one around the corner upstairs. It’s prepared in advance.” Robin gave Amy her bag.
	Amy checked. Her cellphone, ID card and several hundred dollars, everything was here.
	“Thanks. I got all my things here.” Amy was very grateful.
	At this moment, Amy suddenly remembered she didn’t ask the important question.
Chapter 9 Take a shower
	Amy was sitting on the sofa and waiting for Robin.
	When he put the contract in the study, he came back to Amy. “Miss Miller, I will show you your room now.”
	“Good. By the way, what’s the name of your master? He is going to be my husband. And I don’t even know his name.” Amy asked, following Robin.
	Robin stopped so suddenly that Amy almost bumped into him.
	“Ouch.” Amy didn’t expect Robin to stop.
	“I am sorry. Miss Miller. To avoid all unnecessary trouble, you won’t know our master’s name in this two-year marriage. In this case, you two will not get attached emotionally after the divorce.” Robin said to Amy.
	Amy nodded and agreed. She thought that her husband was so thoughtful. Actually, she didn’t want to know who he was, either. She didn’t even want to see his face. If he was too ugly, she might regret.
	Since Amy didn’t have any objection, Robin didn’t say anything, either. He showed Amy her room, and then he left.
	The room was quite spacious with a huge round bed in the middle and some black and white decorations around. She guessed this was possibly a bedroom for a man.
	She was exhausted in these two days and lay on the bed immediately when she was left alone.
	She took off her shoes and fell asleep without even noticing that she still wore the torn dress.
	Amy slept very soundly. When she woke up, it was dark outside.
	She didn’t want to get up, but she was so hungry. She hadn’t eaten anything today.
	So she had to get up and turned on the light. She was all alone in this room and it was so quiet. Amy looked at her phone and it was one a.m..
	She came out and wanted to find something to eat in the kitchen. But it was very dark in the living room. She didn’t know where to turn on the light and had to use the phone torch. She walked around and couldn’t find the kitchen.
	While she was looking, the light was on suddenly, which gave Amy a startle. She narrowed her eyes since the light was strong.
	“Miss Miller, are you hungry?” Robin’s voice came to her.
	“Yes, I am a little hungry.” Amy had to admit the fact.
	“There are some cakes and milk. You can have some.” Robin took some food out of the fridge and gave it to Amy.
	Amy was very appreciative and had a bite right away.
	“Well, Miss Miller. There are some clothes in your room. You can get changed. And also, Miss Miller, you had better take a shower before you sleep.” Robin recalled that she was lying on the bed asleep with the ragged dress when he went into her room to ask her for dinner. If the master saw this, he would definitely not able to bear Amy!
	Amy flushed. Robin must think that she was messy. She lowered her head and nodded.
	After Amy ate something, she went back to the bedroom and hurried to take a shower. It had been two days since her last shower. She was feeling a little ashamed of herself.
	However just when she entered the bathroom, the bedroom door was open and a tall figure came in quietly.
Chapter 10 Sexy baby
	After Amy took a shower, she felt much more comfortable. But the next second, she realized that she had forgotten to bring her pajamas inside.
	She thought that there was no one in the room, so she opened the door and came out naked. The pajamas must be in the wardrobe.
	But just when she opened the wardrobe, the light was off. What happened? Was the power cut off?
	It was too dark to see anything. So Amy just gave up finding the pajamas. She decided to have a good rest first and went to find a job tomorrow.
	So she went to the bed and covered her naked body with the quilt. Although it was dark, she still felt embarrassed being naked.
	But something weird happened. There was someone else in bed!
	She felt a strong hand on her body and the next moment, she was pulled on his chest.
	“Who are you?” Amy was shocked and struggled.
	“I am your husband, the one who paid the medical bill of your father.” his voice came in the darkness.
	Her husband? Amy stiffened and stopped struggling. Then she felt his hand was...caressing her boob.
	He was quite satisfied with her boob. She looked so thin but her boob was chubby and soft. He continued outlining the curve.
	“Well, my husband. We haven’t got our marriage license yet. Can you wait?” Amy asked carefully.
	Richard fondled Amy’s body, which attracted him so much. They had sex the day before yesterday and he already became so obsessed with her body. He wanted her so badly now that he refused to wait for one more second.
	Since he had such great fun having sex with her, he thought maybe he would marry her when his family were pushing him to get married. After all, he knew he took her virginity.
	“No, I can’t. Everything is just perfect.” Richard said. Then he pressed her beneath him. He wanted her so badly. And he wanted her now.
	Like the other night, they had wonderful sex again. But Amy was pretty exhausted. She fell asleep and didn’t know when Richard left. If her phone didn’t ring, she could sleep for another whole day.
	It was Hannah. As soon as Amy picked up the phone, Hannah’s voice was so loud and harsh that it almost pierced Amy’s eardrum.
	“Amy, you have an interview today. How can you be late for the interview of HD Group? Come here now!”
	Yes! Amy suddenly remembered that she had an interview in HD Group. She needed a job desperately to pay for her father’s treatment before. So she applied for a job in HD Group, and got an interview today.
	Amy got up quickly. There were various clothes inside the wardrobe. She picked up a white shirt and a black skirt. Then she hurried to wash her face and tied her long hair up into a ponytail.
	When she came downstairs, Robin was waiting with the prepared breakfast. But Amy looked at the clock and knew it was too late to have breakfast.
	“Robin, could you drive me to HD Group?” Amy asked urgently.
	What she said surprised Robin. Did she know that the master was the president of HD Group? But no way. According to his observation, she wasn’t that clever.
	“Yes, but you need to have breakfast before leaving. The master said so.” Robin pointed at the food on the table.
	Amy also wanted to sit down and took her time to have breakfast. But it was too late now. The interview was about to begin.
	“I will take some to eat on the way. Robin, I am too late already. I am going to have an interview.” Amy said anxiously.
	HD Group was the best company in this city. And the welfare of employees was very good. So a lot of people would kill to join in HD Group.
	“OK.” Robin nodded after seeing that Amy was so urgent. He thought it was good for Amy to work in the master’s company. Well, it was more reassuring for them if she didn’t work for other companies.
	He looked at Amy and smiled pleasantly. Now that she cleaned herself and wore the proper clothes, he could see she was actually very beautiful!
Chapter 11 Her interview
	When Amy arrived at HD Group, the interview had started already. Hannah was waiting for the interview as well. She would also like to start her career from HD Group.
	“Come on Amy. Come here.” Hannah waited for Amy for a long time. Once she saw Amy stepped into the lobby, she kept waving to her.
	Amy saw Hannah and ran to her quickly.
	“Amy, how are you recently? Better? I planned to visit you but my mom asked me to stay at home and look after my little cousin. Finally, I have got a chance and come here today.” Hannah was whispering.
	“I’m fine now. I have to pull myself together and make money to pay my dad’s treatment.” Amy took over her application form from Hannah.
	“What’s that on your neck, Amy?” Hannah saw the fresh love bite on her neck and asked her in a low voice.
	What! Amy covered her neck at once. The sex was really wild last night. Should she tell Hannah that she was going to get married again? She was hesitating and finally, she decided not to tell her right now.
	“Alas, I got allergy recently. Never mind. But thanks to you, I shall button my collar or it will be seen by the interviewer later.” Amy buttoned her shirt instantly.
	Hannah didn’t have doubts at all. The interviews were finished quite rapidly. Now it was Hannah’s turn.
	...
	Richard was reading the contracts in his office when Robin made a call and told him that Amy had left home for the interview in HD Group.
	Richard put aside the contract and came out of his office without knowing why. Then he saw Amy talking with another girl.
	He had met Amy twice and thought that she looked quite ordinary and not pretty enough. Especially that night they first met, she looked horrible with the terrible makeup.
	But now she looked quite attractive and pretty, wearing a white shirt and a black skirt.
	The girl in front of her had entered the room for the interview. While she was waiting there outside. Richard had a feeling that he should take part in the interviews as the president.
	Yes, he thought it was a brilliant idea and then he walked into the interview room.
	While Amy was reciting her self-introduction. She felt a little bit nervous though she had prepared well enough and remembered everything very well. But it was HD Group! So many people wanted to work here! She must try her best to get the job.
	Amy looked up from her resume and saw a tall man walking towards her.
	Amy recognized Richard at once, the mean guy she met earlier. Did he come here for the interview, too? Wasn’t he driving the luxurious car the day before yesterday? But how came he had to apply for a job here? His car should be borrowed from someone else. There were plenty of peacockish people like him. She looked down upon him in her mind secretly.
	“Wow! What a handsome man! He’s so tall and so hot! I want his phone number now!” Some girl behind Amy became excited when seeing Richard.
	While Richard just walked into the room directly with a poker face. Amy thought that he must have connections so that he could jump the queue so arrogantly. She was supposed to the next one! Now Amy had a worse impression on Richard.
Chapter 12 Her interviewer
	Hannah came out of the interview room and rushed to hug Amy once they met.
	“What’s the result? Did you pass the interview? Tell me!” Amy stared at Hannah and couldn’t wait to know the result.
	“Not yet. The result hasn’t come out yet. I was so nervous that my legs went weak. Please support me for a while.” Hannah got sweaty palms due to anxiety. When she saw Richard entering the room, she went totally blank for one second.
	“I’m better now. It’s your turn. Go ahead!” When Hannah calmed down, she asked Amy to get inside quickly.
	Amy checked her appearance again then walked into the interview room confidently.
	She greeted to the interviewers politely and realized that Richard was sitting beside them.
	Holly shit! He worked for HD Group? He was an interviewer instead of an interviewee? And she even hit his car earlier! She was doomed today.
	Amy felt anxious. How lucky those candidates interviewed before her! But she was so miserable to meet him just when it was her turn.
	“So, are you Amy Miller?” A question came from a female interviewer and interrupted her thoughts.
	“Yes, I am.” Amy nodded.
	“All right. Your resume states that you can speak several languages very well, especially French and English. So please introduce yourself in French and English now.” she demanded Amy to start from her self-introduction.
	Richard hadn’t looked at her since she came in. Amy hoped that he wouldn’t make things difficult for her. Anyway, she cleared her thoughts and decided to focus on the interview.
	She introduced herself both in French and English fluently. Her oral language was greatly admired even by her teachers. Unsurprisingly, the interviewers showed satisfied looks and seemed impressed by her excellent oral French and English.
	“Good. Your oral English and French are quite fluent. Now could you please talk about your opinion about HD Group?” The female interviewer asked another question.
	Amy stated what she had prepared and finished it successfully in three minutes.
	Then the interviewers turned to Richard and waited for his reply. They had interviewed a great number of employees every day. But Richard had never showed up even once. But today, he came and attended this interview from the beginning to the end. They believed they had better ask for his opinion.
	“President, what do you think of her, Amy Miller?” One of the interviewers whispered to him.
	“You can decide on your own. I just came here to have a look rather than interfering your decision. Please go ahead. I’m leaving now.” He shook his head then left.
	But when Amy saw Richard shaking his head, she believed that her interview failed.
	She had prepared herself for the failure in advance. Though HD Group was her first choice, she could try other companies if this interview really failed.
	“Thanks for coming, Miss Miller. We will inform you about the result later.” The interviewer told her.
	“No problem. Thank you so much.” Amy left the room with her head held high. No matter what, she should behave with dignity.
	“How’s it going, Amy? You are the best among us. I believe that you will pass the interview definitely.” Hannah rushed to Amy with enthusiasm when Amy came out. She also handed the water she bought to Amy.
	“I might have failed. Never mind. If they reject me, I will go for other corporations.” Amy felt hopeless when she saw Richard shaking his head.
	“It doesn’t matter! You are so amazing! You deserve a better man and a better job. If HD Group rejects you, I won’t work for it, either.” Hannah held her hand and comforted her.
	“Thank you so much, Hannah. You are so kind and nice to me.” Amy felt much better after hearing Hannah’s words.
	But while they were walking out, Amy’s phone rang.
Chapter 13 Her unknown husband
	That was an unfamiliar number. But she chose to pick up the call.
	“Excuse me, Miss Miller. This is Robin speaking. Please come back right now. The driver is waiting outside to pick you up.” Before Amy spoke, Robin had already hanged up.
	“What happened, Amy? You don’t look very well. Is it about your dad…?” Hannah noticed her worry and she suddenly recalled Amy’s father was still in hospital. Oh, did anything happen to him?
	“No. My dad’s fine. Sorry, I gotta go now.” Amy left in a hurry without explaining to Hannah. She walked over to the car parking outside the building. The driver opened the door for her and she got in instantly.
	Then the car drove away quickly.
	Hannah witnessed all this, astonished with her mouth wide open. How came Amy got in such a luxury car and even a driver opened the door for her? She could not believe what she saw, rubbing her eyes in bewilderment.
	Amy saw Robin waiting outside of the entrance when she arrived at the villa. Robin rushed up to open the door for Amy.
	“Miss Miller. Please follow me.” Robin guided Amy to the living room.
	“Mr. Robin, I just hurried back. Is there anything urgent?” Amy asked.
	“You could call me Robin, Miss Miller. I have something for you. Please sign this. Then we can get the marriage certificate done this afternoon.” Robin handed an application form to Amy as he said.
	‘Isn’t it too fast? I just came to the villa. And now I am about to marry him right away?’ Amy felt quite uncomfortable with this.
	“Miss Miller, you have signed the contract already. These are just the procedures. By the way, the earlier you get married, the earlier you can be free after two years.” Robin explained to her patiently.
	That was right. How came she had never thought of this? Amy glanced at Robin gratefully.
	However, when she found the blank of the name of the bridegroom, she paused for a while but signed it quickly. So long as she could save her dad, it didn’t matter what kind of person the bridegroom was.
	Robin was satisfied to take the form carefully, for he completed the mission given by Richard.
	Soon after, Amy felt hungry, her stomach growling. Because of Robin’s urgent call, she didn’t have lunch after the interview.
	“Robin, May I ask if I can have lunch here?” Amy had intended to dine out with Hannah. But now her plan changed.
	“Of course we do have.” Robin looked at Amy with a gentle smile. How could he let this beautiful woman suffer from hunger in such a large villa?
	After lunch, Amy took a nap in the bedroom. When she woke up, she found something on the nightstand.
	It was her divorce certificate with Matt. She picked it up with a bitter smile and went downstairs to Robin and asked, “Why is this on my nightstand?”
	“Miss Miller, I got this while applying the marriage certificate for the master and you earlier today. Now you are the hostess here, Madam. Congratulations!” Robin bowed to her with respect.
	Amy frowned as she thought of the cold Matt. But still, they had happy moments over the last three years. As she recalled all these, her heart ached.
	Robin turned to her worried face, trying to cheer her up. “By the way, Madam, Mr. Miller is getting better now. We just wait for a compatible heart for his transplant. He will recover soon.”
	Indeed, the good news eased Amy’s depression. She beamed in a much better mood now.
	“What about my marriage certificate?” Amy wanted to see what her husband looked like.
	But it seemed she couldn’t.
	At her words, Robin stopped her with a stern face. “Madam, I’m afraid you forget the terms of the contract?”
Chapter 14 Get the job
	Amy felt hurt when she heard what Robin said, but she quickly adjusted herself.
	‘It is good that I can’t see the marriage license. If I have feelings for him in these two years while he doesn't fall in love with me, that will be too embarrassing. So I’d better not see the certificate. We just need to have sex every day, and I can still do whatever I love in other time.’
	“Robin, I need to go out tomorrow.” Amy said to Robin.
	“No problem. You can go anywhere you want, Madam. But since our location is a little distant from the downtown area. It will be difficult to take a taxi or take a bus. I will arrange a driver for you. Here is my phone number. When you want to go home, call me and I will ask the driver to pick you up.” Robin arranged everything very well, too well for Amy to pick a fight.
	When Amy turned around and was ready to leave, Robin called her from behind, “Madam, how is your interview going today? Did you get the offer?”
	“Alas, I guess that I can’t get the job. So, I will continue looking for a new job tomorrow.” She saw Richard shaking his head anyway. There was no chance for her to get that job!
	“It’s fine. You can take you time, Madam. We can totally support your life.” Robin didn’t understand. Why did she still want to work since she already got a rich husband?
	“Thanks, Robin. I shall go back to my room now. You can call me if necessary.” then, she went upstairs. She was in a very bad mood today.
	She didn’t think she could get the job. She was so unlucky to meet Richard there. After all, she really wanted to work in HD Group. But Richard seemed to be a manager and if he didn’t like her, it was impossible for her to get the job.
	What was worse, she got divorced! Well, since Matt was totally a jerk, she decided to just let him go and move on. But then she got remarried! She didn’t even know who he was and what he looked like. Oh gosh, she was wondering if she really made the right decision. Like other girls, she always dreamed to have a grand wedding and married her beloved one in a beautiful wedding gown. But now, it was just a dream.
	Before she knew it, she fell asleep and was woken up by an urgent call. Well, she didn’t want to pick it up, but the phone kept ringing like hell. She had no choice and answered the phone reluctantly.
	She took a look and it was an unknown number. A gentle voice was speaking from the phone.
	“Hello. Is that Miss Miller?”
	“Yes, it’s me. Can I help you?” Hearing such a pleasant voice, Amy was less angry.
	“Yes, Miss Miller. I’m from HD Group. Did you have an interview in our company this morning, right?”
	“Yes, yes, I did.” Amy nodded.
	“I’m honored to inform you that we are glad to have you work with us in HD Group. You can come to our human resources department tomorrow.” A piece of good news was fully conveyed.
	“Really?” Amy raised her voice and was totally woken up. She would work in HD Group!
	“Y...yes, Miss Miller. It is true.” She seemed to be startled by Amy as well.
	“Fantastic! I will definitely be there tomorrow. Thank you very much.” Amy hung up the phone. She was so excited that she jumped on the bed. All the unhappy thoughts in her mind disappeared completely.
	She was so overwhelmed by joy that she kept giggling for the rest of the day. While Robin stared at her with worried eyes. Was Amy going crazy? If she did, that would be bad news for his master.
	Finally, he decided to ask her, “What happened? Madam, you look... weird...”
	Amy smiled happily, “Robin! I did it! I got the offer and will come to HD Group to work tomorrow.”
	So that was the reason. Robin wasn’t surprised at all. Instead, he smiled and said calmly, “That’s good for you, madam. I’m happy for you.”
	That was more than good! That was extremely amazing! She got the job she wanted and she could make money to support her dad. She felt she had made great progress in her life.
	She had a sweet dream that night and was laughing in her sleep, which surprised Richard when he came back and saw her sleeping in bed.
	Today, he had a meeting until midnight. He planned to spend the night at the company as usual. But then he remembered that he was married and had a wife waiting for him at home.
	With the moonlight from the window, Richard looked at Amy. She was a beautiful girl with fair skin and long eyelashes.
	Enchanted by her charm, Richard lowered down his head and left a gentle kiss on Amy’s face.
Chapter 15 I’m better
	Amy was sleeping soundly and felt someone was caressing her body and then she smelled the fragrance of cool mint from him.
	The next second, her clothes was taken off by him easily and his hand was warm and lingering on her breast.
	She wanted to struggle but then she remembered that they had already got married and he had the right to have sex with her.
	He was kissing her neck and she couldn’t help moaning, stroking his hair. The light was off, so she couldn’t see his face clearly but his hair was short and soft.
	“You are... emmm...my husband. But why don’t you show me your face?”
	“I don’t want to scare you.” Richard answered briefly and was focused on caressing her thigh.
	He didn’t know what was happening to him. Since he had sex with her the first time in his life, he was attracted to her. Even when he was working, he couldn’t help missing Amy’s body.
	He was twenty-eight years old and Amy was his first woman. Come on, no one would ever believe that.
	‘He doesn’t want to scare me, haha..’ Amy laughed out.
	While Richard was unhappy to hear Amy’s laugh. Shouldn't she be focused on having sex like him? But why was she laughing?
	“Why are you laughing? Focus!” he was busy having sex and she was laughing!
	“You will never scare me even if you are very ugly. Some people may look handsome but are vicious inside. They are truly horrifying.” Amy was talking about Matt, that bastard.
	Matt had a handsome look but he was a true jerk.
	Richard stopped kissing her and became a little disappointed. He knew Amy was comparing him with Matt. But seriously? How could that jerk ever compete with him? Besides, what were they doing now? They were having sex, and she was still thinking about her ex. She must be joking, right?
	Maybe he should work harder? Yes! He must prove to her he was better! So he started kissing her more passionately. His hand was caressing over her body and he found her ears were quite sensitive. Good! That helped him make her come twice that night. Soon he heard her moaning and was satisfied with his efforts.
	When she was so tired and fell asleep, Richard looked at her and believed he outdone Matt.
	But then he had another thought. It was her fault to think about her ex when they were having sex. But look at her, she was sleeping and had great time. He almost wanted to wake her up and kissed her all over. But considering she would get up early and work in HD Group tomorrow, he decided to spare her tonight.
	On the next morning, Amy smelled the fragrance of flowers before she woke up. She took a deep breath, thinking that it must be a sunny day today.
	When she got up and looked outside the window, wow, gosh! It was a field of pink roses beneath the window.
	Her husband, the owner of this villa, was quite romantic. He had planted so many roses, but pink? Really? That wouldn’t be sissy?
	Amy took another deep breath and cleaned herself very quickly. When she opened the wardrobe, Dior, Valentino and Burberry...wow, she was stunned. She wanted to keep low-key and picked up some less expensive clothes to wear.
	Besides, she didn’t want to owe her husband too much during the two-year marriage. She was afraid she couldn’t pay off.
	She chose a simple white dress in the end and turned to the dressing table. There were many cosmetics there, but Amy was not very good at wearing make-up. She didn’t know what to do and just picked a lipstick. Good, she was satisfied with herself.
	Then, she was ready to go out with her purse.
	“Madam, the breakfast is ready. Please enjoy and later I will ask the driver to take you to work. By the way, when you get off work today, I will come and pick you up. The master said that although he couldn’t give you a decent wedding, he still wanted to give you what you deserved, such as a diamond ring and jewelry.” Robin was speaking like reciting lines.
	“Don’t bother. He already paid for my dad’s treatment. I don’t want to owe him too much.” Amy declined directly.
	Her quick decline surprised Robin and earned his respect. She looked like a good lady and why did her ex betray her in the first place?
	Although Robin just knew Amy for several days, she left a very good impression on him. Now, he was thinking that his master was very lucky to have her.
Chapter 16 A handsome president
	When Amy arrived at HD Group again, she was so nervous. She had been dreaming of working here! And now her dream came true! She cheered herself up and was determined to make her career from here.
	“Amy, you are here!” Hannah just came here and ran to Amy once she found her.
	They were both hired by HD Group. When Amy heard the new, she was relived and happy to work with her best friend. Then they went to the Human Resources Department together. Amy was working at the Secretariat Department and Hannah the Design Department.
	Although they were separated in different departments, luckily, these two departments were close to each other on the same floor.
	When Amy came to the Secretariat Department, all people stopped working and looked at her.
	“Are you Mrs. Jones?” Amy asked politely.
	“You must be the new employee, Miss Miller, right? I am Mrs. Jones.” Mrs. Jones shook hands with Amy. She looked very nice, maybe in her thirties. She was not very beautiful but very elegant.
	“Hello, Mrs. Jones. I’m Amy Miller. Nice to meet you. I will try my best to do my work.” Amy smiled.
	“Good. Come with me. This is your seat.” Mrs. Jones pointed to a table and showed Amy.
	This table was near a corner. If someone came here, he might just miss this place. But Amy liked it very much since it was near the window, too. Then Mrs. Jones introduced Amy to other colleagues. Later Amy was a little thirsty and asked the woman sitting next to her. “Hi, can you please tell me where the tea room is?”
	“Sure, go out and turn left. You will see it.” she answered enthusiastically.
	“Well, thanks a lot.” Amy went out for the tea room.
	But just when she came out with a cup of water, she bumped into someone. Oops, Amy was holding the cup and the water was poured half on his shirt.
	Amy wanted to apologize, but when she looked up and saw his face, she just wanted to pour the rest of the water right on his face.
	“Amy? What are you doing here, Amy? I told you we were over. Just give up!” It was Matt, her ex and that bastard!
	“What are you saying? I work here, OK? Stop flattering yourself.” Amy didn’t want to speak to him at all and was going to leave. But Matt grabbed her hand and stopped her.
	“You work here? Since when? I got it. You know I’m cooperating with HG Group so you choose to work here deliberately. You want to meet me, right? Stop that, Amy. I told you. Over is over.” He grabbed Amy’s arm tightly, forcing Amy to look at him.
	Amy struggled but failed. When did he become so confident? That idiot! Amy just threw the rest of water on his face.
	“Ouch!” Matt never expected that and the water was dripping on his face. He shouted, “Amy, you bitch!” he reached out his hand and wanted to slap her hard.
	Amy was startled but not afraid. She hit Matt’s crotch with her knee strongly. Matt was screaming in great pain while Amy was safe and sound. Because a man came and stopped Matt.
	“Amy, you slut. How dare you! Oh! It hurts. I will kill you.” Matt’s hand was caught by the strong man, and he covered his crotch with the other hand.
	“Be polite to my employees! Matt Wilson. You are the manager of Wilson Group. You should show some basic respect.” The strong man said coldly.
	So this man protected her? Amy didn’t see his face with his back to her but his voice was quite familiar. But now she was distracted by Matt and his twisted face in pain. That felt so good, she wanted to kick him once more!
	“Mr. Carter, it was not my fault. It was this bitch. She kept following me everywhere. I have already divorced her and she even chased me to HD Group.” Matt wanted revenge badly. But when he recognized it was Richard Carter, he had to suppress his anger and explain patiently.
	“I don’t care about your story. But in my company, none of these should happen here. I won’t allow you to hit my employee, either. Matt Wilson, you are not welcome in HD Group. As for our cooperation, I will directly talk to your father.” Richard didn’t want to look at him and left coldly at once.
	Wow, so he was Mr. Carter, their president? And he was protecting her? It was a pity she didn’t see his face. She followed him and wanted to say thank-you face to face. But he just entered the elevator and left quickly. What a shame!
	What could she do to repay his favor? Amy told herself she would try her best to do her work. He must be the best president in the world!
	Later in the afternoon, while Amy was working, Mrs. Jones came to her and handed her a document.
	“Amy, come and sign the contract. Then you will be an official employee in HD Group.” Mrs. Jones was holding the contract.
	Amy was surprised to hear that. She was informed that she could sign the contract after one-month probation. But now she was official on her first day?
	But it should be great, right? She would be an official employee in HD Group from now on. Amy felt so lucky to hear this news.
	She looked through the contract and checked the salary which she was concerned about most, and then she signed the contract without hesitation.
	Amy was too pleased to notice that there was an extra line of words in the contract.
	After signing, she handed it back to Mrs. Jones. Now she needed to get familiar with her work as quickly as possible in order to better serve HD Group.
Chapter 17 Her diamond ring
	When it was time to get off work, all the employees went back home one after another. But Amy didn’t leave. While she was still working, Hannah came and looked for her. She wanted to ask a question but didn’t get the chance since there were too many people around.
	“Amy, you are still working?” Hannah came to her.
	“Yes, almost done.” Actually, Amy had finished all work. But she didn’t want other colleagues to find out that a luxurious car was waiting for her outside. However, she forgot about Hannah.
	“Amy, you left in a hurry yesterday. But I still saw it. You was picked up in a luxurious car. Who was waiting for you? I thought you were divorced? Even though you didn’t, Matt couldn’t afford that expensive car, either.” There were just them two in the office and Hannah asked Amy directly.
	“Hannah, if I tell you I married again, will you believe me?” Amy was not going to lie to Hannah. It was just that even she herself couldn’t accept the whole thing right now. She was afraid that Hannah couldn’t understand, either.
	“What?” See? Hannah was shocked and couldn’t believe it.
	“Amy, are you joking? You just got divorced and remarried this quickly? How? And why? Besides, who’s your husband? Tell me everything!” Hannah stared at Amy, eager to know every detail.
	“Well, I got married only because that man is willing to pay for my dad’s medical treatment. You know that my dad is very sick, and we are in need of money. Anyway, I had no choice.” When Amy thought about her dad heavily sick in hospital, she was heart-breaking. She blamed herself for having no money.
	“Fine. Since he’s willing to pay for your dad’s medical treatment, he was actually not bad. Then who is he?” Hannah knew Amy’s dad would cost a great deal of money.
	“I don’t know. I haven’t seen his face.” Amy lowered her head.
	“What? You don’t who your husband is? And you haven’t seen his face?” Hannah was shocked. It was so unbelievable.
	“No, I haven’t. He comes home only at night every day.” At this moment, Amy’s phone rang.
	It was Robin. She picked it up and Robin said that he was waiting for her outside.
	“Hannah, I don’t know how to explain because I can’t even convince myself of the whole marriage thing. But the butler is waiting to pick me up. I need to go home now.” Amy took her purse and said good-bye to Hannah quickly.
	Hannah was dumbfounded as she saw Amy leaving, wondering whether Amy was fortunate or not. She tried to put herself into Amy’s shoes. A totally stranger came and had sex with her every night. No, no, no! She could never accept it.
	When Robin saw Amy, he opened the door for her politely. When she was on her way, she found that they weren’t heading towards the villa but the downtown instead.
	“Robin, what’s happening? Shouldn’t we go home?” Amy noticed they were driving into a underground parking lot in a huge super mall.
	“Madam, as I mentioned this morning, the master said that although he couldn’t give you a wedding, you could still get what you deserved. So I’m taking you here to buy a diamond ring and some jewelry. And also, the master asked someone else to buy all the clothes in the wardrobe for you. He doesn’t know whether you like them or not. You can also buy some new clothes you like by the way.” When Robin got off the car, he opened the door for Amy thoughtfully.
	Amy realized that her husband was quite interesting. He knew he was ugly and didn’t want to hold a wedding. But he was also very nice to her. He paid for her dad’s medical treatment and he was so thoughtful about all details in her daily life.
	Amy did not refuse this time. Since he asked her to buy something, then she would. But she didn’t plan to wear the diamond ring or the jewelry anyway.
	As for clothes, she wanted to buy some, too. Those in the wardrobe were too expensive. She wanted to buy some cheaper ones.
	So she followed Robin into the super mall and they headed for the jewelry directly.
	This was the best super mall in the city. When Amy’s family were not broke, she used to go shopping here quite often. But at most time, she was buying clothes for Matt.
	“Madam, at least you should choose a diamond ring for yourself. Master has already ordered other jewelries. Later they will show them to you. But master insists that you should choose the diamond ring yourself. And he will send them to you as a gift.”
	“I understand.” Amy nodded.
	The huge hall full of shining jewelry dazzled Amy.
	The sales assistant served Amy passionately, and took out varieties of fancy diamond rings for her to choose.
	But they were either too garish or too dazzling. Amy didn’t like them at all.
	In the end, she picked a very plain one, which was not eye-catching at all.
	“I will take this one.” Amy pointed at that plain diamond ring.
	Robin took a look. It was too shabby. Other people would think that the Madam married a very poor man.
	But the master had ordered before. As long as Amy liked it, nothing mattered.
	Meanwhile, as Robin went to pay the bill, a voice sounded not far away. “Matt, I want a ring with a big diamond, so that I can be proud to show off to the family when we get married.”
	Gina looked at the shiny diamond rings, with her eyes wide open.
	“No problem. I will buy you a huge one.” Matt nodded though he was in a bad mood today. Gina threatened him with the baby. So he had to meet her demand and pay for the ring.
	It was dinner time and there were not so many people in the jewelry hall. As soon as they came in, Amy heard them talking.
	She had met Matt twice today. What a bad day!
	“Amy?” Gina also saw Amy at the first sight, while pulling Matt over closely.
	Gina didn’t see Robin, so she thought that Amy was buying herself a ring to ease her pain of divorce. She couldn’t wait to speak sarcastically, “Amy, why are you here buying a ring? You have divorced already. What a waste! Girls never buy a ring themselves. Men should buy it, right?”
	Amy ignored her, sitting there and waiting for Robin, speechless.
	“Amy, I won’t forget what happened in the morning! I’ll get even with you. How dare you come here to buy a diamond ring when your family has already been bankrupt? You still have money to buy a ring?” Matt scolded as he thought of the kick by Amy in the morning.
Chapter 17 Meet the Love Rat at the Jewelry Hall 1
	When it was time to get off work, all the employees went back home one after another. But Amy didn’t leave. While she was still working, Hannah came and looked for her. She wanted to ask a question but didn’t get the chance since there were too many people around.
	“Amy, you are still working?” Hannah came to her.
	“Yes, almost done.” Actually, Amy had finished all work. But she didn’t want other colleagues to find out that a luxurious car was waiting for her outside. However, she forgot about Hannah.
	“Amy, you left in a hurry yesterday. But I still saw it. You was picked up in a luxurious car. Who was waiting for you? I thought you were divorced? Even though you didn’t, Matt couldn’t afford that expensive car, either.” There were just them two in the office and Hannah asked Amy directly.
	“Hannah, if I tell you I married again, will you believe me?” Amy was not going to lie to Hannah. It was just that even she herself couldn’t accept the whole thing right now. She was afraid that Hannah couldn’t understand, either.
	“What?” See? Hannah was shocked and couldn’t believe it.
	“Amy, are you joking? You just got divorced and remarried this quickly? How? And why? Besides, who’s your husband? Tell me everything!” Hannah stared at Amy, eager to know every detail.
	“Well, I got married only because that man is willing to pay for my dad’s medical treatment. You know that my dad is very sick, and we are in need of money. Anyway, I had no choice.” When Amy thought about her dad heavily sick in hospital, she was heart-breaking. She blamed herself for having no money.
	“Fine. Since he’s willing to pay for your dad’s medical treatment, he was actually not bad. Then who is he?” Hannah knew Amy’s dad would cost a great deal of money.
	“I don’t know. I haven’t seen his face.” Amy lowered her head.
	“What? You don’t who your husband is? And you haven’t seen his face?” Hannah was shocked. It was so unbelievable.
	“No, I haven’t. He comes home only at night every day.” At this moment, Amy’s phone rang.
	It was Robin. She picked it up and Robin said that he was waiting for her outside.
	“Hannah, I don’t know how to explain because I can’t even convince myself of the whole marriage thing. But the butler is waiting to pick me up. I need to go home now.” Amy took her purse and said good-bye to Hannah quickly.
	Hannah was dumbfounded as she saw Amy leaving, wondering whether Amy was fortunate or not. She tried to put herself into Amy’s shoes. A totally stranger came and had sex with her every night. No, no, no! She could never accept it.
	When Robin saw Amy, he opened the door for her politely. When she was on her way, she found that they weren’t heading towards the villa but the downtown instead.
	“Robin, what’s happening? Shouldn’t we go home?” Amy noticed they were driving into a underground parking lot in a huge super mall.
	“Madam, as I mentioned this morning, the master said that although he couldn’t give you a wedding, you could still get what you deserved. So I’m taking you here to buy a diamond ring and some jewelry. And also, the master asked someone else to buy all the clothes in the wardrobe for you. He doesn’t know whether you like them or not. You can also buy some new clothes you like by the way.” When Robin got off the car, he opened the door for Amy thoughtfully.
	Amy realized that her husband was quite interesting. He knew he was ugly and didn’t want to hold a wedding. But he was also very nice to her. He paid for her dad’s medical treatment and he was so thoughtful about all details in her daily life.
	Amy did not refuse this time. Since he asked her to buy something, then she would. But she didn’t plan to wear the diamond ring or the jewelry anyway.
	As for clothes, she wanted to buy some, too. Those in the wardrobe were too expensive. She wanted to buy some cheaper ones.
	So she followed Robin into the super mall and they headed for the jewelry directly.
	This was the best super mall in the city. When Amy’s family were not broke, she used to go shopping here quite often. But at most time, she was buying clothes for Matt.
	“Madam, at least you should choose a diamond ring for yourself. Master has already ordered other jewelries. Later they will show them to you. But master insists that you should choose the diamond ring yourself. And he will send them to you as a gift.”
	“I understand.” Amy nodded.
	The huge hall full of shining jewelry dazzled Amy.
	The sales assistant served Amy passionately, and took out varieties of fancy diamond rings for her to choose.
	But they were either too garish or too dazzling. Amy didn’t like them at all.
	In the end, she picked a very plain one, which was not eye-catching at all.
	“I will take this one.” Amy pointed at that plain diamond ring.
	Robin took a look. It was too shabby. Other people would think that the Madam married a very poor man.
	But the master had ordered before. As long as Amy liked it, nothing mattered.
	Meanwhile, as Robin went to pay the bill, a voice sounded not far away. “Matt, I want a ring with a big diamond, so that I can be proud to show off to the family when we get married.”
	Gina looked at the shiny diamond rings, with her eyes wide open.
	“No problem. I will buy you a huge one.” Matt nodded though he was in a bad mood today. Gina threatened him with the baby. So he had to meet her demand and pay for the ring.
	It was dinner time and there were not so many people in the jewelry hall. As soon as they came in, Amy heard them talking.
	She had met Matt twice today. What a bad day!
	“Amy?” Gina also saw Amy at the first sight, while pulling Matt over closely.
	Gina didn’t see Robin, so she thought that Amy was buying herself a ring to ease her pain of divorce. She couldn’t wait to speak sarcastically, “Amy, why are you here buying a ring? You have divorced already. What a waste! Girls never buy a ring themselves. Men should buy it, right?”
	Amy ignored her, sitting there and waiting for Robin, speechless.
	“Amy, I won’t forget what happened in the morning! I’ll get even with you. How dare you come here to buy a diamond ring when your family has already been bankrupt? You still have money to buy a ring?” Matt scolded as he thought of the kick by Amy in the morning.
Chapter 18 A surprising day
	The sarcastic couple didn’t annoyed Amy. She just ignored them. But she couldn’t help regretting marrying him before. ‘Was I blind? How could I marry such a bastard? Fortunately we’ve divorced; otherwise, if we have a child, I would rather go to hell.’
	“Amy, don’t be sad anymore.” Gina raised her voice to the sales assistant as she saw Amy’s shabby ring, “Oh, please show me all the beautiful diamond rings that you have in here. I want to pick the most beautiful one.”
	Robin saw all this after coming back from the cashier. The calm Amy amazed him. She didn’t even bother with the sarcastic couple.
	Robin kept watching what would happen.
	At Gina’s words, the sales assistant took out all the huge diamond rings hurriedly.
	At this moment, Amy stood up to wear a ring.
	“Wait, Amy, just stay here to help me pick one. Which suits me best?” Gina was still speaking sarcastically to Amy.
	Amy took a cold glance at Gina.
	“That’s right, Madam. You better not go. You’ve left something here.” The hall manager said to Amy hastily, and asked someone to take out four new collections of diamond rings, shining bright.
	Amy was stunned by these. She couldn’t afford any plain one, let alone these elaborate ones.
	“Madam, what do you think of these? The master bought you all these as gifts.” Robin stood behind Amy and said with respect.
	Hearing these, Gina and Matt were dumbfounded.
	Gina stared at the fancy rings jealously. Matt angrily headed to Amy as if to drag her over. But Robin stopped him.
	“Amy, you bitch cheated on me? With this old guy? How shameless!” Matt cursed Amy.
	“Amy, you just divorced Matt, and couldn’t wait to hit on an old man. I never thought you could be such a slut.” Gina scolded mockingly as she wanted to win a round against Amy. Since childhood, Amy was superior to her in many aspects. She swore to herself to take everything from Amy.
	“Who the hell are you? How dare you talk to Madam like this?” Robin rebuked, standing in front of Amy. Robin’s strong vibes froze Matt.
	At his words, Matt surmised the old man was just a servant. Then he said boldly, “Me? I am her ex-husband!”
	“Fine, as you said, you are just her ex-husband. So you are nothing to Madam. I warn you to behave yourselves and be kind to Madam. If you show disrespect to Madam, you will have to pay for this.” Robin exclaimed arrogantly with angry eyes.
	“These must be fake rings. He’s just a liar!” Gina didn’t care about what the servant said. All she wanted was to embarrass Amy.
	“Fake? Gina, is there any stuff you wear real? Your nose? Your breasts? Let me tell you, Matt. Don't you feel gross sleeping with a pile of silica gel?” Amy didn’t intend to tell Matt that Gina had undergone breast and nose implants. But they asked for this.
	Gina felt a bit guilty as she recalled she even borrowed money from Amy for the hospital bill.
	“What! Gina, you have to explain this to me now!” As expected, Matt focused on Gina immediately. Now, he didn’t want to say anything to Amy, who married a rich guy.
	But Gina was still under his control. He gazed firmly at Gina’s breast. At this moment, Gina panicked. She didn’t want to buy diamond rings anymore, only to leave with Matt hurriedly.
	But Matt didn’t want to leave, and he raged, “I don’t want to leave now. Tell me the truth right here right now.”
	“Matt, let’s go home first. I will tell you everything then. Let’s go. Our baby also wants us to go.” Gina dragged Matt away, afraid to reveal her secret to anyone else.
	At her mention of the baby, Matt had no choice but to leave with Gina.
	Seeing that those two people left, Amy was going to leave with Robin.
	“Madam, you left the fine rings.” Robin reminded Amy.
	Amy was shocked, and she thought that Robin was acting with the manager in order to help her out.
	“Was that acting?”
	“No, it wasn’t. The master had paid for all these for you as gifts, Madam. Aren’t women always expecting gifts from men? No worry. Please take the gifts the master prepared for you.” Robin couldn’t read Amy quite well.
Chapter 18 Meet the Love Rat at the Jewelry Hall 2
	The sarcastic couple didn’t annoyed Amy. She just ignored them. But she couldn’t help regretting marrying him before. ‘Was I blind? How could I marry such a bastard? Fortunately we’ve divorced; otherwise, if we have a child, I would rather go to hell.’
	“Amy, don’t be sad anymore.” Gina raised her voice to the sales assistant as she saw Amy’s shabby ring, “Oh, please show me all the beautiful diamond rings that you have in here. I want to pick the most beautiful one.”
	Robin saw all this after coming back from the cashier. The calm Amy amazed him. She didn’t even bother with the sarcastic couple.
	Robin kept watching what would happen.
	At Gina’s words, the sales assistant took out all the huge diamond rings hurriedly.
	At this moment, Amy stood up to wear a ring.
	“Wait, Amy, just stay here to help me pick one. Which suits me best?” Gina was still speaking sarcastically to Amy.
	Amy took a cold glance at Gina.
	“That’s right, Madam. You better not go. You’ve left something here.” The hall manager said to Amy hastily, and asked someone to take out four new collections of diamond rings, shining bright.
	Amy was stunned by these. She couldn’t afford any plain one, let alone these elaborate ones.
	“Madam, what do you think of these? The master bought you all these as gifts.” Robin stood behind Amy and said with respect.
	Hearing these, Gina and Matt were dumbfounded.
	Gina stared at the fancy rings jealously. Matt angrily headed to Amy as if to drag her over. But Robin stopped him.
	“Amy, you bitch cheated on me? With this old guy? How shameless!” Matt cursed Amy.
	“Amy, you just divorced Matt, and couldn’t wait to hit on an old man. I never thought you could be such a slut.” Gina scolded mockingly as she wanted to win a round against Amy. Since childhood, Amy was superior to her in many aspects. She swore to herself to take everything from Amy.
	“Who the hell are you? How dare you talk to Madam like this?” Robin rebuked, standing in front of Amy. Robin’s strong vibes froze Matt.
	At his words, Matt surmised the old man was just a servant. Then he said boldly, “Me? I am her ex-husband!”
	“Fine, as you said, you are just her ex-husband. So you are nothing to Madam. I warn you to behave yourselves and be kind to Madam. If you show disrespect to Madam, you will have to pay for this.” Robin exclaimed arrogantly with angry eyes.
	“These must be fake rings. He’s just a liar!” Gina didn’t care about what the servant said. All she wanted was to embarrass Amy.
	“Fake? Gina, is there any stuff you wear real? Your nose? Your breasts? Let me tell you, Matt. Don't you feel gross sleeping with a pile of silica gel?” Amy didn’t intend to tell Matt that Gina had undergone breast and nose implants. But they asked for this.
	Gina felt a bit guilty as she recalled she even borrowed money from Amy for the hospital bill.
	“What! Gina, you have to explain this to me now!” As expected, Matt focused on Gina immediately. Now, he didn’t want to say anything to Amy, who married a rich guy.
	But Gina was still under his control. He gazed firmly at Gina’s breast. At this moment, Gina panicked. She didn’t want to buy diamond rings anymore, only to leave with Matt hurriedly.
	But Matt didn’t want to leave, and he raged, “I don’t want to leave now. Tell me the truth right here right now.”
	“Matt, let’s go home first. I will tell you everything then. Let’s go. Our baby also wants us to go.” Gina dragged Matt away, afraid to reveal her secret to anyone else.
	At her mention of the baby, Matt had no choice but to leave with Gina.
	Seeing that those two people left, Amy was going to leave with Robin.
	“Madam, you left the fine rings.” Robin reminded Amy.
	Amy was shocked, and she thought that Robin was acting with the manager in order to help her out.
	“Was that acting?”
	“No, it wasn’t. The master had paid for all these for you as gifts, Madam. Aren’t women always expecting gifts from men? No worry. Please take the gifts the master prepared for you.” Robin couldn’t read Amy quite well.
Chapter 19 A test before marriage
	Amy was afraid that the jewelry would trouble her. If she accepted them, she might owe him a lot.
	She hesitated. But the manager had packed it up for her.
	“Excuse me, Madam. It’s all here.” The manager served Amy as courteously and humbly as he could. She was their VIP customer now.
	Amy found no way to refuse. So she took them all.
	“Madam, the Master also gave you 500 thousands to buy some clothes. You are supposed to run out of the money today.” Robin performed another mission given by the Master.
	Robin’s words froze Amy. Should she be happy? She didn’t know.
	“Robin, your master is so weird. Jeez, he got something wrong in his mind?”
	Meanwhile, Richard sneezed abruptly in his office. He glanced at the air-conditioner. It was not cold. How came he sneezed?
	He took out the marriage certificate from the drawer. He looked at the smiling girl on it. And he couldn’t help cracking a smile.
	He had married to live up to his family’s expectation now. And he had more time to wait for her back. Richard wanted to bring the marriage certificate back home so his family would not urge him to get married. Suddenly his phone rang. That was his mother.
	“Richard. Will you come back home today? Your grandpa had emphasized again - if you don’t marry shortly, he doesn’t wanna live anymore. You know what you should tell him then.” Richard’s mom said worriedly.
	“No worry, Mom. I definitely won’t let him down.” He answered confidently.
	“That would be great. Mommy trusts you.” Though she said so, she still felt worried.
	After a while, Richard went home with the gifts he bought for his grandpa and mom.
	When he was home, his grandpa John was waiting there already. John heard from Richard’s mom that Richard would give him a satisfactory answer. So he couldn’t wait to see what the answer was.
	“Grandpa, it’s windy outside. Let’s get back inside together.” Richard was passionate sensibly. Once he got off the car, he hurried to support John with his hands and asked the servant to bring the presents inside.
	“You bad boy cannot get away with it no matter what gifts you prepare. I only want you to bring me a granddaughter-in-law.” Richard’s grandpa totally ignored his move.
	“Don’t worry grandpa. Take it easy. Let’s talk about it back inside.” Richard supported his grandpa to walk in.
	When they walked in, he found the whole family already in there, including his two elder brothers and younger sister Hilary, who seldom came back.
	Everyone was looking him over, silent.
	“Just tell me your answer?” John sat down and asked right away. Everyone gathered around immediately.
	“Should we have dinner first?” Richard asked his family to have the meal but nobody replied.
	“We don’t want to eat anything until you give us a satisfactory result.” Hilary copied her grandpa’s words.
	Richard shot her a serious glance. Hilary made a face, speechless.
	Hilary could really read the family’s mind. If Richard could not show his resolution to marry, he won’t be let go easily today.
	Richard took out the two marriage certificates from his bag calmly and handed to his grandpa.
	Amy didn’t know when her husband came and slept with her and left. Amy had already fallen asleep at that time. Then when she woke up, she was told to fulfill her obligation.
	Now she got up tiredly. It was her second working day in HD Group. She could not be late.
	Dressed up in a new look with makeup, she was ready to start the day.
	“Good morning, Madam. Breakfast is ready. Please enjoy it and then the driver will come pick you up.” Robin had already waited downstairs.
	“Okay. Thank you.” Amy walked downstairs. She wore a favorite pink T-shirt, jeans and sneakers, so youthful and casual like a high school student.
Chapter 20 A visit to the hospital
	“Excuse me, beautiful lady. Could you tell me where the washroom is?” Outside the washroom, Amy met a very pretty girl. The girl looked at Amy with glittering eyes and ran over to chat up.
	“The washroom is right behind you.” Amy answered.
	“Oh, here I am. Why didn’t I see it just now? Thank you so much. Are you new here? May I know your name?” Hilary thought that Amy was much more beautiful than the photograph and became fond of Amy right away.
	“Yeah I am new here. My name is Amy Miller. Madam, aren’t you going to the washroom?” Amy answered.
	“Let me introduce myself. My name is Hilary Carter. From now on we are colleagues. Nice to meet you.” Hilary gave Amy her hand. Hilary was so friendly that Amy also gave her hand. They shook hands with each other.
	“Miss Hilary, I gotta work now. Let’s talk next time.” Amy was new to the secretary department. Many team members distributed their works to her so she had to deal with endless issues every day.
	“No problem. Take your time.” Hilary said goodbye to Amy with a smile, and found somewhere quiet to make a call.
	“Mom! I have just met Amy! She is so nice. I like her.”
	Amy was still working at the office while her colleagues had all gone home. She had too much work to do.
	When she almost finished, she stretched in relief. Suddenly Robin called her.
	Amy looked at her ringing phone reluctantly. Currently she totally lost her freedom. Robin drove her to and from the office every day.
	She hadn’t visited her dad for long. So she pretty worried about his recent situation.
	She told Robin she would be right there soon. Then she got her stuff and went downstairs.
	“Robin. May I go to see my dad?” Amy asked.
	“Of course. Would you like to go now, Madam?” Robin replied immediately.
	“Yes. Let’s go now. I really miss my dad.” Robin’s quick response surprised Amy.
	She found her husband was quite good, though they never met. Amy was looking to thank him.
	When she arrived at her dad’s ward, she met Matt. But she didn’t want to see him at all.
	Stephen had come to himself and looked better now. She didn’t know what Matt had told her dad. After all, her dad was happy now.
	Stephen had been hospitalized for half a year. But Matt had never visited him until today. Now, they had divorced. Why did he come? Amy looked at Matt with disdain.
	“Amy. Why don’t you two come together?” Stephen asked. He didn’t know they had divorced.
	“Dad, I just get off work.” Amy wouldn’t let her dad know their divorce now. Stephen had a heart disease. She wouldn’t take the risk to irritate him.
	“Yes dad. I knocked off earlier and I came first.” He walked over to hold Amy’s hand.
	Suddenly Amy trembled with disgust. She tried to throw him off but he held more tightly.
	“You won’t put your father in danger again, will you?” Matt whispered.
	Matt’s threat froze Amy. He went ahead with his scheme, putting his hand on her shoulder.
	“Amy. I have told you I can support you. You don’t need to work so hard.” Matt said to Amy.
	“I am getting older and older now. I cannot take good care of you for the rest of your life. Please cherish Matt and live a happy life together.” Stephen was delighted to see their good relationship.
	Only Amy disgusted with Matt’s acting.
	“By the way, dad, where is the corporate seal? I cannot find it anywhere.” Matt changed the topic suddenly.
	“The seal is in …” Stephen was about to tell him.
	“Dad. You’ve talked too much today. It’s not good for your recovery. Let’s talk about it next time.” Amy interrupted him instantly.
	She got rid of Matt’s hands and walked over to her father. When she handed him a glass of water, she noticed the rotten fruits brought by Matt on the table. She threw them away without hesitation.
	However, an apple fell out and smashed someone’s head.
Chapter 21 An accidental crash
	With the crash, Richard ached. Amy rushed over to apologize. But when she found that the man was Richard, she wanted to run away immediately.
	“Don’t move! You hit my car last time. And now you hit me?” Richard said angrily.
	Amy froze. She turned to his angry face with a gentle smile.
	“What a coincidence. You look so handsome today.” Amy walked over to him and noticed the stain on Richard’s suit.
	“Amy! You really had the gut to throw the fruits I bought for your dad.” Matt raged after he saw Amy throw away the fruits. But now, he saw Amy talking with a handsome man, so close.
	“President Richard?” Matt looked at the taller Richard with overwhelming vibes like a king.
	Richard ignored the flattering Matt. He still had something urgent to do so he let go of Amy and left, intending to give her a lesson after they went home in the evening.
	Amy looked at Matt with distain again. It turned out that Matt got ignored. What a shame!
	Matt turned to Amy at this moment and suddenly realized that she was more mature and charming than before. She was no longer a childish little girl. Especially her breasts were much bigger than Gina’s now. He spent the past years scheming the Miller Group without attention on Amy. Now she was like surrounded by a halo of goddess.
	“Amy. If you don’t like these fruits then tell me. I will buy you the favorite ones. You just did right.” Matt’s attitude changed entirely.
	This sudden change made Amy sick. She stared at the weird Matt and swept his hands from her shoulder. Then she walked into her dad’s ward directly.
	Matt followed her to the ward. An indulged fragrance of Amy intoxicated him.
	“Amy, you met a friend?” Stephen asked gently as he saw Amy’s dark face.
	“Nothing at all. I just found a rat.” Amy implied that the rat was Matt.
	Suddenly a doctor came in with a cold glanced at Amy and Matt, and then checked up for Stephen.
	‘Are all the doctors this handsome? The nurses here are so lucky.’
	Amy stared at the good-looking doctor with white skin, deep blue eyes and rosy lips. She even fantasized kissing him.
	Amy’s fixed eyes on the doctor irritated Matt. He thought he was attractive enough. But now, in front of Richard and this doctor, he felt so small.
	“Dad, it’s late. We are going. Let’s see you next time. Call me anytime. I’ll be there.” Matt wanted to leave with Amy.
	“Let go of me!” When Matt tried to drag Amy over, she suddenly throw him off.
	The doctor turned to Amy’s disdainful face. His glance made Matt feel much more uncomfortable. Matt tried again to pull Amy over.
	Amy noticed Stephen’s eyes. She was afraid that her dad would know their divorce. So she stopped resisting and left with Matt together.
	When they got to the elevator, Amy tried to shake him off but failed again. He dragged her hand tightly and forced her against the door.
	“How do you feel about messing around with an old man, Amy? If you don’t feel happy, you can choose to be my mistress. I’m really into your tasty boobs.” Matt whispered with ridicule.
	“Matt. Don’t you feel ashamed? I won’t marry you again. I would rather be single for the rest of my life!” Amy scolded with averted eyes from the disgusting Matt.
	“Will you? But I’m not ready to let go of you now. I never found that you are so beautiful.” Matt said flirtatiously and even stretched to caress Amy’s face.
	Amy was too weak to dodge. Matt’s hand was approaching her face.
	She got ready to bite him if he really touched her.
	Bang! Matt fell to the ground suddenly. Shocked, Amy was quickly dragged behind by someone.
Chapter 22 Another encounter
	Matt covered his face with hands. He had been so unlucky to have got hit since his divorce with Amy.
	“Who the hell are you? You have the gut to beat me? Do you know who I am? I play the second fiddle in the Wilson Group!” Matt shouted and pointed to the doctor who beat him down.
	“No matter who you are, it’s your fault to bully a lady.” The doctor said with contempt.
	Amy just found that the doctor who did the check up for her dad just now had saved her.
	Matt intended to fight with the doctor again. He stood up and pounced to him. The doctor swung slightly in front of him. Matt flied out again.
	Amy could not see clearly what happened. The doctor looked like playing magic.
	This time, Matt gave up the idea to battle with the doctor. He stood up in a hurry.
	“Good for you, Amy. You always seduce men outside. Now you even look for someone to beat your ex-husband. And you bustard! You really have the nerve to hit the manager of Wilson Group. You will pay for this!” Matt ran away awkwardly.
	“Thanks for saving me!” Amy expressed gratitude to the good-looking doctor.
	The doctor turned to Amy silently.
	“Only this?” He asked.
	Amy was stunned. She guessed if he was asking for money as reward. She took out the last three hundred dollars she had from her handbag.
	“This is all I have.” She handed him the money.
	The doctor could not help laughing out loud, which dazzled Amy in an instant. No woman could resist this smile.
	“Amy. Have you forgotten who I am?” He held her shoulders and lowered his head.
	Amy looked at him, confused. She tried to recall but didn’t remember anything. Was this a new way to hook up with a stranger?
	The doctor laughed out again when he saw the confused Amy.
	When he left long time ago, Amy and Hannah were only ten years old. The two little girls both became elegant ladies now after ten years.
	“I am Andy!” Andy Baker could only say out his name.
	“You are Brother Andy? Unbelievable! You are so tall and handsome now!” Amy became excited and passionate when she realized the charming Andy in front of her.
	Andy was Hannah’s cousin. She also heard from Hannah that her cousin had come back recently. But due to the endless troubles these days, she forgot it.
	They three lived in the same district when they were kids. Andy was six years older than them. Amy and Hannah used to stick with him at that time.
	“Jeez. You are also grown up and so charming!” Andy caressed her hair gently.
	Richard just finished his work and happened to see this not far away. He hated to see what young couples do in public.
	“Amy, don’t forget you are the employee of HD Group. Behave yourself!” Richard walked close to her and said.
	Amy froze. She just talked with her friend in the hospital. She didn’t think she damaged the image of HD Group. And she didn’t think she was that influential.
	“Mr. Richard. I am just chatting with my friend. I don’t think I will do harm to the company’s image.” She stood out to protect Andy behind her.
	Amy’s reaction irritated Richard. She even tried to protect the stranger. She didn’t even know the man standing in front of her was her intimate husband.
	‘Fine. Just signed a two-year contract. Just ignore it as long as it was not too outrageous.’
	Richard stopped and walked away with a long face.
	“Amy, glad to see you! Uncle Stephen is quite well now. Don’t worry. I heard from the man that you work in HD Group, do you?” Andy dragged her hands and sat together on the bench outside the ward.
	“Yeah I work at HD Group now. Andy, you won’t leave this time, will you?” Amy was so thrilled to see Andy again, blushed with excitement.
	Ring.
	Amy’s phone rang. That was Robin.
	Amy suddenly recalled Robin was waiting downstairs.
	“I’m so sorry, Robin. I’m coming.” She apologized.
	“It doesn’t matter. It’s time to go back home.” Robin answered steadily.
	Amy hung off and apologized to Andy as well.
	“Sorry, Andy, I gotta go now. Let’s meet next time.” She said unwillingly.
	“No problem. See you soon.” Andy smiled. His gentle smile warmed Amy. After saying goodbye to Stephen, Amy hurried downstairs to the parking lot.
	“Madam, though you never meet master, you are married still. When you stay with someone else, please be careful and sensitive.” Robin suggested.
	Robin still felt happy to see the angry Richard, for his master started to care about Amy.
	Amy was confused about Robin’s words. Why did Robin say this?
	“What do you mean, Robin?” She asked.
	“You must be hungry, madam. The dinner is ready. Let’s go home now.” Robin didn’t answer her question.
	On the way home, Amy intended to take a break in the car, but fell asleep and started dreaming.
	With a familiar smell of someone, she slept soundly in the arms.
	……
	“Amy, submit this file to the president on the 30th floor. I got a stomach ache and gotta go to the washroom now.” A secretary put down the file on Amy’s desk.
	“No problem. I will help you to deliver it.” Amy undertook this task. She was new here. She should do more than others.
	Amy took the file and headed to the thirtieth floor without noticing others’ gloating.
	The door of the president’s office was left unlocked. So she entered directly.
	“Come in,” said someone inside.
	She opened the door and met the man she was unwilling to see.
Chapter 23 The mysterious president
	Richard sat upright in the chair. He just woke up from a nap.
	“What’s up?” He asked as he saw the blank Amy at the door. She had flawless snow white skin, and even gave off a smell of rose.
	“Eh, Eh, I am looking for the president,” Amy stammered. She wanted to slap herself, for she didn’t have to panic. Richard was not a monster or Hannibal, why the hell was she so terrified? She was here for the president anyway, not looking for him.
	“Whatever issues you have, just tell me. It is the same”. Richard stood up, walked towards her and studied her through with strong and solemn vibes.
	“Okay, this is for the president, please hand it to him, and tell him it is from the secretary department. I will go now.” She handed the file to Richard and was ready to leave, while he stopped her, putting one arm on the wall. She was suddenly surrounded by his strong arm.
	“What, what are you doing? This is the president office!” She was startled and stammered.
	She valued her job at HD group. If the president saw her messing around with a man in his office, her career was definitely over.
	“No big deal. If the president comes in, I will let him go away.” He said jokingly.
	“Let go of me! Let go of me! I am married, and please be polite. I am so sorry to have hit your car and your head by accident. But if I lose my job, I won’t afford to make up for your loss.” Amy pushed him aside immediately, so hard that he didn’t expect.
	“Oh, so you know you are married, huh? But when you were in the hospital, you seemed an expert at flirting with men. Or you despise me because I am not as rich as him?” He suddenly recalled her sunshine smile to Andy Baker. So he felt jealous.
	“None of your business. I smile to whoever I want. Right, I will leave the file here. I have to go now.” She glared at him, and then reached out to the door handle.
	“Don’t you wait for the president to come back? You put the file here, but I did not notice. If it is lost, it is none of my business.” He stood there and said slowly.
	She studied through Richard. Oh, this man was good-looking but annoying.
	If the file was gone, she would be to blame. So she took back the file immediately.
	“The president is not here, so I will come back later.” She did not want to spend one more second with this pervert.
	“Oh, Mr. Carter, so sorry that I didn’t know there was a woman in the office.” Kevin rushed in with a quick glance at Amy and Richard.
	Seeing this, Amy wanted to seize the chance to leave.
	‘What a pervert he was. But what was he doing in the president office? And that guy called him so respectfully. Was he the manager or the president?’
	OMG… Amy thought, she’d better ask someone else for the surname of the president. She rushed downstairs in a hurry.
	“Mr. Carter? Mr. Carter? She’s gone. What are you still looking at?” Kevin noticed Richard was still staring at the door.
	“Say it. What?” Richard said with a dark face.
	“Oh, I remember this woman. Is she Amy? The one you wanted me to check out? Did you make her to work for you? You have forgotten Alison completely?” Kevin asked.
	“Don’t you think you are asking too much? What else? Get out!” Richard went back and sat in the chair.
	“I do have something to say.” Kevin almost forgot what he was here for. So he bent down and whispered.
	“Well. Ok. I got it. But next time, knock the door before you enter.” Richard said to Kevin.
	He really almost kissed Amy just now. Luckily Kevin came in time; otherwise he might piss her off even more.
	“Okay, I am leaving then. Take your time to savor what just happened.” Kevin left quickly.
	When he arrived at the hall of HD group, he took out his phone and made a call.
	At the same time, a strong man rushed in front of Kevin. Though Kevin was on the phone, he reacted fast and threw that man away. He had been a military guy for many years.
	“Ah! Who? Who pushed me?” Hannah fell to the ground with a cup of hot coffee in her hand.
	Kevin glanced at Hannah. She was stupid obviously. There was nobody in the hall, except their two. But she was still looking for who had pushed her.
	Kevin despised stupid women like this. He put his phone back to his pocket, and then walked to the door.
	Suddenly, he noticed something getting close from behind. He dodged the flying coffee cup.
	“Don’t move! You pushed me down to the ground and want to get away? How rude!” Hannah concluded as she noticed there were only two people in the hall.
	What irritated her more was - he wanted to walk away as if nothing had happened.
	Kevin turned around gently, walked back over to Hannah with pride, and took out a white handkerchief from his pocket.
	Hannah’s clothes were stained with coffee, and she thought Kevin was coming to wipe it for her. However, Kevin was just used the handkerchief to clean his hands, and he put the handkerchief back.
	“If I don’t walk away, should I wait for you to buy me lunch, then leave?” he said to Hannah.
	“You, you, you, you are a jerk.” Hannah was so angry that she took off one of her high heels and threw at him. Kevin caught it. She put off the other and smashed him, but he caught it again.
	“What else are you going to throw at me? Clothes?” Kevin raised his brows.
	Hannah was too angry to speak. ‘He is just a good-looking bastard.’
	She clapped her hands, and then walked away proudly with bared feet.
	When Hannah was gone, Kevin suddenly felt boring. This woman was so tough and interesting. But why did she leave? Shouldn’t she battle with him?
	“Eh! Where are you going? Don’t you want your shoes back?” Kevin chased after Hannah.
	Hannah turned around with a smile.
	“Of course I have to leave. I was bite by a dog. Should I bite back?”
Chapter 24 Her painful hand
	Amy went back to the office in a hurry. She asked the pretty lady in a whisper when she just stepped in, “Excuse me, could you please tell me the name of our boss?”
	That pretty lady thought Amy was so weird. How came she didn’t even know the boss’s name?
	Amy awkwardly scratched her head. She paid attention to nothing but the salary on the job post.
	“Richard Carter, the boss’s name is often seen on newspapers and magazines. How come you don’t know?”
	Amy was stunned. “So... the weirdo just now is the boss? Oh my god, I am dead, I am totally dead.”
	She felt hard to breathe and stumbled back to her seat.
	She staring blankly at the files in front of her, “What am I going to do now that I have offended the president?”
	She needed this job indeed.
	“Amy Miller, why are you here? Boss is calling you to send him the files he told you before.” Jack said to Amy when seeing her in the office.
	Amy sat there with no response. Jack thought she didn’t hear him, so he walked over to her and said, “Amy, boss is calling you.”
	“Well, I’m having a stomachache now, please, who can do me this favor?” Amy said, she just wanted to be saved.
	“It’s ok. No hurry. You can go after you handle it in the bathroom. Boss requests only you to do this job.” Jack was sweet to say this.
	Amy knew that the weirdo would take revenge against her. However, she remembered her dad told her to obey with less strength.
	For the sake of this job, Amy decided to listen to him. Taking a deep breath, Amy faked a smile and went to the 30th floor.
	She lightly knocked the door, but got no response. If there was no one inside, she could just put down the stuff and left. Then she pushed the door open. However, there seated the boss, looking at her.
	Amy closed the door and went over to the boss with a smile.
	“Mr. Carter, here are the documents you ask for. if there’s nothing for me to do, I will go and deal with my own stuff.” Amy said and placed the documents on the desk.
	But this time, Amy didn’t go out at once. Instead, she stood aside, waiting for the boss’s command. When Richard took a look at the documents, Amy stepped closer in haste, “Mr. Carter, do you need some water?” Amy said and served him a glass of hot water.
	However, she was so nervous that she accidentally poured the water out right in her hand, swollen and red.
	“I am so sorry, Mr. Carter.” Amy felt extremely ashamed.
	Regardless of the pain, she pulled some tissue to wipe the water stains on the floor.
	“Alright, alright, you don’t need to deal with it here, just go, you silly girl.” Mr. Carter saw her blistered hand. He pretended to be calm and tried not to show his care, and told her to leave as if there was nothing big deal.
	“Ok, I will leave now.” Amy felt like crying because of the pain and boss’s ignorance.
	“Don’t forget to apply some medicine.” Mr. Carter finally said some nice words when Amy reached the door.
	But Amy was so shamed that she wasn’t listening. With tears filled her eyes, Amy left somewhere quiet and dried her tears. She tried to put on a smile, hided her hand behind her back and went back to her seat.
	“Amy, how do you feel? Did the boss give a hard time?” As Amy returned, everyone seemed to care about her.
	“He’s nice.” Amy replied with a smile and sat down.
	Everyone tipped each other a wink, thinking that Amy must have been criticized.
	Everyone was shifting their attention from her to their own work. Her hands ached, more blistered.
	Still, she had so much work to do. Her hands hurt so badly that she could only tap on the keyboard very slowly.
	‘How silly! Why doesn’t she ask for leave and go to the doctor? Can’t she care about her hand?’ Richard thought with inexplicable anger.
	Through the monitor he saw Amy crying somewhere with no one else. Suddenly he felt a bit sorry and sad. When he saw those big blisters on her hand and her painful look, he could no longer stand it.
	“Amy, someone is waiting for you downstairs, saying that your family asked you to go back.” Jack said. Amy hided her painful hand before the chubby Alisa walked over to her. Listening to what Alisa said, Amy thought at once that it might be her father’s issue, so she ran downstairs, panting. Then she saw Robin waiting for her.
	“Robin, is there something wrong about my father?” Amy asked nervously, grabbing Robin’s sleeves.
	“No, no, it is just something you need to go home to deal with.” Robin saw the blisters on her hand, but didn’t talk about it.
	“Ok, what is that?” Knowing her dad’s fine, she felt relieved.
	“You will see when you arrive home.” Robin still kept it as a secret.
	So Amy got on the car, hiding her hand so Robin wouldn’t worry about it.
	Having lived with Robin for days, she knew that he was a kind-hearted man, always ready to help her, so she didn’t want to worry him.
	Arriving home, Robin took Amy to the garden. “The thing is, you see, Madam, this is Master’s favorite flower. It is about to bloom, and Master cannot see light during the daytime. So please take some photos when it blooms, so that I can show them to him.” Robin said as he pointed at the flower, which indeed had several buds.
	“Well, but I have to go to work at daytime. I got no time to wait here for blooming.” Hearing that her husband couldn’t see light but loved flowers, she felt a bit sorry.
	“Don’t worry, I have requested a few days off for you. When you finish taking photos, you can go back to work.” Robin said while giving her a camera.
Chapter 25 One hundred grand
	“Days off just for a flower? Doesn’t it cost too much?” Amy thought.
	But she said nothing. It would be a good thing if she could rest for some days. After all, she still felt in pain in her hand. It was just the matter of less salary this month.
	“It has just been a few days since I joined the company. Now I asked for leave. Talking about that fucking perverted president, oh my god, what will he do to me? Never mind. No big deal. At worst, I change a job then. Money is always there waiting for me.” Amy thought.
	Amy asked Robin for a book, and sat beside the flower, waiting. She didn’t know specifically what kind the flower was, but just looked at the pink buds on the verdant leaves.
	It is really interesting to observe a bud growing up and then blooming. She had never done this over her last 20 more years.
	“Madam, this is the medicine for you. I saw your hand at lunchtime. What happened?” Robin said.
	“I am fine. Thank you very much, Robin.” Amy took the medicine and found it all in French. It mustn’t be bought from a common pharmacy.
	Waiting in boredom, Amy fell asleep in the sofa. If it were not Hannah’ call, she would have slept till late night.
	“Amy, I met an asshole at the company. This fucking dickhead just pissed me off! I came to find you but they said you have already in a leave. What happened? Are you all right?” Hannah said, leaving Amy no time to answer.
	“I...I don’t know where to start. I won’t be at work these days. I got some issues.” Amy didn’t even know what to say to Hannah.
	“Are you hiding something from me? Tell me so that I can help solve it.” Hannah actually felt that there was something wrong about Amy.
	“I will tell you everything later at the right timing, not now.” Amy replied. She wanted to tell Hannah all, but she just felt she had no freedom like being caged.
	“Ok, anytime, ok? Let’s go to that lobster restaurant. I miss it so much!” Hannah tried to make her happier.
	After hanging up, they both sighed.
	Amy went to bed early after finishing dinner. She was not in a good mood, having no energy to do anything. Late night, with the cricket’s song and the cool breeze, she was sleeping soundly.
	Seeing her hand on her forehead, Richard took her hand down gently. The blisters had been broken, turning red with fluid.
	Taking a small box out of his pocket, he put her hand on her leg, applied the salve carefully on her hand. The cold salve made Amy so comfortable that she made a sound, and then moved her leg onto Richard’s.
	“What a naughty girl.” Richard thought as he put her leg back onto the bed. However, feeling the heat on her leg, he couldn’t help checking the temperature of her forehead.
	‘No wonder she sleeps so soundly. She got a fever.’
	Richard asked Robin to call the doctor.
	“Master, it is because of the cold wind and her bad mood she’s been through these days.” The doctor came and examined Amy.
	“Cure her right away.” Richard said so anxiously that he didn’t realize.
	The doctor immediately got Amy injected, and was about to wipe Amy’s body with some alcohol. “Let me do this. You go out.” Richard stopped him. They took a look at Richard and then went out quietly.
	Amy was in a severe fever. When Richard was wiping her body, she grabbed his hand and shouted “Dad”.
	When Amy woke up again, she felt soothed and refreshed. That was a good sleep last night. She felt less pain in her hand, which was dry and clean, nothing like the sticky look yesterday.
	She got dressed, and pulled up the curtain. Sunshine was everywhere in her room.
	In an instant, her stomach growled. She was hungry now.
	“Morning, Robin.” Amy greeted.
	“Uh… Good morning, Madam.” Robin thought for a second and said. But it was 4 in the afternoon. Early?
	“I am so hungry. Anything to eat? Amy rubbed her belly.
	“Sure, Madam. Please sit down and I will get you the food.” Soon, Robin brought her the congee, and some vegetables. Amy had no appetite to eat them.
	“I want some meat, Robin.” She was not going to eat.
	“No, you’ve been sick all night, the doctor said you could only eat plain food,” Robin said.
	Amy looked at Robin with a sad face. “Do I have a fever? Why don’t I know anything? Who took care of me last night?” Amy thought to herself.
	“You can only eat them.” Robin showed no room for negotiation at all.
	She unwillingly ate up the porridge, and found that it was late in the afternoon. “Shit, I have to wait until the flower blooms.” She felt she must be dead again.
	She rushed upstairs to grab her camera and then to the garden, happy to see that the bud was not yet bloomed.
	“Madam, you don’t need to be waiting here today. You can’t be sick again, otherwise...?” Robin saw her dashing to garden and urged her to go back in the house. She could not fell ill again, otherwise Master would be so mad at him.
	Amy thought her husband was in good health even though he couldn’t see light.
	“Hmm, it’s ok, it might take days to bloom. Health comes first, Madam.” Robin coughed. He didn’t expect that Amy was unable to distinguish the difference between real flowers and fake ones.
	“Robin, can I take a walk myself? You don’t need to follow.” Amy knew she took the money from Mr. Carter’s so she asked cautiously.
	“Yes, you can. You can go anywhere you want. We pick you up because Master wants to protect you.” Robin thought his behavior might have made her misunderstand. She’s the Master’s wife, not a prisoner. They just wanted to guarantee her safety.
	Hearing this, Amy somehow felt warm. She always thought Richard was ugly, fearing that she would keep away from him, so he assigned Robin to follow her closely.
	So, he was actually worried about her. What a thoughtful man.
	“Really, that would be so nice. I want to hang out by myself tonight. I will go back by taxi by 10:00pm.” She was so excited right now.
	“Ok, then we won’t prepare for your dinner. Oh, please take this, Madam.” Robin said with a black card in his hand.
	“What is it?” Amy saw that it was a vip bankcard.
	“That is the pocket money Master gave you, Madam. 100 grand for a month. It’s not that much. Better not be upset now. As long as Master is happy, he will give you more.”
	“What? 100 grand?” Amy was shocked.
	“Master says if you don’t take it, you are not allowed to go out.” Robin added in a hurry as he saw the bank card almost fall down.
	Amy was blank, only to put the card in her purse. She intended to meet Hannah and tell her everything.
Chapter 26 The jealous president
	“Puff!” At Amy’s words, Hannah was so shocked that she spurted out the beer from her mouth. Amy dodged quickly and didn’t get wet.
	“So, you married? Really? You married a guy you didn’t even know? I thought you were just kidding that day! And, and you are living in his house? Where is his house? I’m going to meet him. No matter what he looks like, ugly or handsome, young or old, you have the right to know it!” Hannah didn’t understand how came Amy could do this.
	When they were in university, Amy was the prettiest girl of their faculty, but she was a bit conservative. Now, it seemed that she changed a lot.
	“I don’t care what he looks like. The marriage only lasts for 2 years. He promises me that he will let me go after 2 years. I don’t know why he married me now and divorce me after two years. But I only know is that he will compensate me 10 million dollars for the divorce.” Amy said calmly, taking a sip of beer.
	Paying the hospital bill for her father was her top priority now. So she cared her father more than herself. As for herself, she slept with an unknown guy with an unclear mind on the wedding night. And her husband was kind of nice to her, offering her a villa and so much pocket money.
	“What about your father? What if he finds out that you married an unknown guy after divorcing Matt? What will he think of it?”
	Amy didn’t reply. She was eating some roast meat, recalling the moment her father was sent into the emergency room. Robin told her that they were waiting in list for a compatible heart. If her father could undergo a successful transplant, he would recover soon. So even though he knew the truth then, it wouldn’t do harm to his health.
	“My husband is finding a right heart for my dad. He will recover after the surgery. “
	“Hey, Amy, Hannah.” A tall man was walking over to them when they were talking.
	“Andy?”
	“Andy?” Amy and Hannah saw him standing in front of them with a smile.
	“May I sit here?” Andy said in a mild tone.
	“Of course! Great! Our bill is on you now!” Hannah put her arm on Andy’s shoulder casually. It seemed that the two were well acquainted with each other.
	“Ok. It’s on me. Help yourselves.” Andy was ready to pay the bill for them.
	They enjoyed the meal and the talk for a long time.
	“Jack, stop right here.” Richard asked his driver to stop as he saw a girl like his wife. So he wanted to confirm if that girl was his wife.
	It was really her. She was sitting beside a man who appeared in the hospital before. She smiled happily, but never smiled to him like this. She got a fever last night but now she was drinking beer and eating barbecue. She didn’t care about her health at all.
	He didn’t remember his wife had no idea about who her husband was. He just felt angry and got off the car, approaching towards Amy with anger and sat down beside her.
	The three were talking about childhood that moment. Suddenly Richard sat down beside Amy. The three stopped at once, looking at Richard, confused.
	“Hello, Mr. Carter.” Hannah greeted him first.
	“Uh-huh.” Richard replied coldly.
	Then Andy greeted politely. But Amy was just staring at him, speechless.
	Actually Amy was scared by his sudden presence. She asked for sick leave for some days but now she was enjoying her time with her friends here. She was a liar.
	Richard didn’t hear a word from Amy, so he grabbed her glass and said to them.
	“Cheers.” Then he drank a glass of bear in one gulp.
	Hannah drank beer with fear. But Andy didn’t join them; instead, he gave Richard a wry look.
	“Mr. Carter, well, I was truly sick today. Hope you understand. I just went out for a break. I didn’t tell a lie to you.” Amy said genuinely after pausing for a while. She guessed the situation would be better if she told him the fact first.
	“Well, did your hand get better?” Richard looked better after Amy talked to him. But he still looked unhappy.
	“Yes, much better. Thank you. Well, Mr. Carter, I think you need a glass?” Amy was less nervous when she noticed his face.
	“No, thanks. Just help yourselves. It’s dangerous for a girl to get home too late at night. So, go home as early as you can.” He just stayed for a short time and then left immediately.
	All of them were shocked because of his words. He was one of the richest businessmen in R City. Why did he care about an employee that way?
	“Amy, don’t you think it’s strange? Did he fall in love with you?” Hannah asked after thinking of many possibilities. This seemed to be the most possible one. If he didn’t fall in love with her, he wouldn’t appear here and drank beer with them. Most importantly, he wouldn’t care about Amy’s hand!
	“Knock it off. He is the president of HD Group. How can he fall in love with me? It’s impossible. Even if Miller Group didn’t go bankrupt, he won’t either. We are not in the same world.” Amy said to Hannah, trying to stop her fantasy.
	Hannah agreed with her. Numerous females wooed Richard. Though Amy was pretty, she might not get the chance.
	Andy was listening to their conversation without interrupting. When he heard that Miller Group was bankrupt, he was surprised.
	“Really? Miller Group was bankrupt? I heard Mr. Miller ran it very well, didn’t he?” Andy asked with puzzlement.
	In an instant, Richard suddenly came back. He pulled Amy over as he said, “Well, Amy. I’ll drive you home. So where do you live?”
	“No, no, thanks. I can go home by taxi. I live far away from here. Better not bother to do this for me.” Come on! It’s not easy for her to get the chance to meet Hannah. Did he do that for her just because she got a sore hand?”
	“It won’t bother me. It’s on my way home.” Richard just dragged her over and left. Amy was struggling but failed.
	What happened just now? Hannah and Andy looked at them, confused. Did Amy ever offend him? Or why did Richard make things so difficult for Amy?
	Amy was held by Richard to the car. She was desired to get rid of it but she could not do anything at that moment.
	“Mr. Carter, I really don’t need you to drive me home. I can take a taxi. And I didn’t say goodbye to my friends.” Amy’s patience nearly ran out.
	“It’s reported that taxi accidents are increasingly happening. I worry about that. Where do you live? I can drive you home. And you can have two days off.” Richard realized he was a bit too impulsive to control himself just now.
	Also, Andy annoyed him. Andy was good-looking with beautiful eyes. He found that Andy looked at Amy with soulful eyes. As a man, he understood what it meant—he must have a crush on Amy! He couldn’t accept Amy to be with him.
Chapter 27 Picking on Amy
	Amy stormed out of the car, slamming the door angrily as she left. ‘What’s wrong with Richard? I just had a meal with my friends. How came he just ruined it and insisted on driving me home? Why was he so nice to me?
	Now that Amy had arrived home, she couldn’t complain more about it. Seeing Richard leaving, she even wanted to smashed his car with a stone. But she didn’t do that, for she couldn’t afford the repairs.
	“Madam, you finally come back. The soup is ready. Would you like to have some?” Robin said, standing in front of the gate. Looking at Amy’s stink face, he was secretly delighted.
	Robin believed that Richard must have cared a lot about Amy. So that was kind of good news. Thinking of this, he couldn’t help cracking a smile.
	“No, thanks. I am so pissed off and don’t wanna eat at all. He’s such a stickybeak! Give me a break! None of his business even if I am kidnapped by a taxi driver!” Amy said in a furious tone. She didn’t really mean it. But she had never expected that it would really happen to her.
	Robin was listening to her with a big grin. It irritated Amy ever more.
	“Why the hell are you laughing, Robin? Are you gloating over me?” Amy stared at Robin with angry eyes.
	Robin scratched his face himself as he thought he couldn’t control his expression just now.
	“Oh, no! Madam! You misunderstood me. I was happy because you came back safe and sound. I felt relieved so I smiled. So, who drove you home, Madam?” Robin asked deliberately, pretending not knowing the man.
	“A jerk!” Amy said, and stormed into the villa.
	As she came back home safely, she decided to let Hannah know, so she called Hannah immediately.
	“Amy, are you home now? What happened with you and Mr. Carter? What did he do to you? Have you ever offended him?” Hannah asked Amy a series of questions.
	“I’m home and I’m fine now. I don’t know what’s going on. I’m so sorry for leaving early that night. My treat next time.” Afterwards, Amy hung up in a bad mood. She just wanted to end the conversation now.
	Amy turned off the light in her bedroom. Just then, Richard came in and said, “Are you upset?” He could smell her anger.
	“Yes, I am.” Amy turned her back to him. She knew he was coming as she heard the door open.
	“So, who upset you?” Richard’s voice sounded so strange that she even felt a bit sympathetic to him. She married an ugly guy with a terrible voice!
	“Nobody. I just bothered myself. You’ve come?” She turned to him. It was dark. So she could only vaguely see a tall figure approaching her with a familiar smell. She didn’t know the man in front of her was Richard.
	He was taking off his clothes, and lying beside her. Then he put his hands into Amy’s clothes and started caressing her thighs.
	She was slender but she had big breasts, which really turned him on.
	“Everything will be fine after a good sleep. Tomorrow is another day.” Robin knew he did upset her. But he couldn’t tell her the truth, only to comfort her in that way.
	“You’re right. He is my boss. What else can I do? I’m working for him. I just hope that he won’t be difficult.” She shared her thoughts to the man in the dark room. In an instant, she thought he was nice but still pathetic.
	“Alright. Don’t think too much.” Richard couldn’t resist the temptation. He jumped her immediately. He was so overwhelming that she couldn’t resist. The two started having sex passionately.
	It had been a long time when Amy couldn’t bear it anymore. She begged him for mercy. Then Richard had to stop and crawled off the bed, unsatisfied.
	Amy touched her sweaty body. An unspeakable desire rose up in her mind.
	Finally, Amy successfully persuaded Robin to allow her to go to work. She couldn’t bear to stay at home with him anymore. She would get mad if she stayed longer.
	This time she didn’t make Robin drive her to the office. She got up very early in the morning, and went to work by bus.
	Getting off the bus, she took a ten-minute walk to the HD Group. She was walking with a sunshine smile. She was so delighted that she was almost bouncing up and down right now.
	Suddnely, a red luxury car stopped beside Amy. And then she saw a hot woman getting out of the car. That was Gina.
	Gina had long wavy hair. In sunglasses, she was wearing a red dress and a pair of high heels,.
	“Amy Miller!” The woman said in surprise while walking over to Amy.
	But Amy just ignored her, shooting her a quick glance, and kept walking.
	Gina chased after Amy for a while and finally catched up with her. Many people were gathering at the gate. They were here for work.
	“Oh, you ignored me after hooking up with a rich old man, didn’t you?” Gina spoke loudly in purpose.
	Her loud voice attracted some people to look back at them.
	“Isn’t he rich? Why do you still take a bus? Hah, hah, are you a liar? You said you have four sets of diamonds. You borrowed them from someone else, didn’t you?” Gina said sarcastically.
	Amy was standing there, holding her arms across her chest and watching her as a show.
	Gina was not afraid. More and more people crowded around them. She just wanted to humiliate Amy in the public place.
	“Amy, come on. Though Matt abandoned you, you shouldn’t give up on yourself. You shouldn’t have hooked up with such an old man for money. If you need money, just tell me. We are best friends, right? I will give you money. You don’t have to be a slut!” Gina said in a serious tone, which made her look sincere.
	All the people there were misled by Gina’s words and started looking at Amy in a very strange way.
	“Did you finish? If so, I gotta go. I need to work. I am not available to enjoy your show here. It’s a pity that you didn’t choose to be an actress.” Amy said with sarcasm and left.
	But Gina seized the timing and dragged Amy over at that moment.
	“Let go of me!” Amy said as she stared at Gina with a stink face.
	But Gina was scheming against her. She didn’t let go of Amy, pulling her tightly. Amy was struggling while Gina bended her leg and fell to the ground.
	Suddenly Gina’s thighs started bleeding. But Amy didn’t notice this. She walked straight towards her office after Gina let her go.
	“Amy! Stop!” Gina shouted angrily.
Chapter 28 Whose baby?
	In an instant, Amy was caught by a man and trapped in the president exclusive elevator. She didn’t realize what had happened. Just then, she managed to wriggle free and slapped that man before she noticed his face.
	“Mr. Car…Carter?” Amy said as she found out the man was Richard. There was a very clear mark of her handprint on his white, stern face.
	Richard turned his head up with pride. He didn’t want to talk to the stubborn Amy right now.
	Amy stood still in front of him with embarrassment. She didn’t know what she should do. What she was thinking now was the slap she gave to Richard. She slapped the president of HD Group! What should she do now?
	“Mr. Carter, I’m so…sor…sorry,.” Amy stammered as she didn’t know how to explain to him. She thought it was a pervert.
	“Humph.” Richard snorted.
	Amy looked at his perfect chin and hot Adam's apple, so hot that she couldn’t help drooling.
	He was really handsome! But he was utterly unpredictable.
	The elevator sent them to the 20th floor. Amy got out of it first. She was so nervous that she almost couldn’t breathe.
	She stood at the door of the elevator, taking a deep breath. When she arrived at the office floor, her colleagues were stunned out of the blue, looking at Amy and Richard, speechless. Then they slipped into the office immediately.
	Amy followed them back to her seat. She started recalling the breathtaking morning. If these happened every day, she might not able to stay for long.
	Afterwards, she was busy working the entire morning. She got a lot of things to deal with, like taking office supplies for those in need, and making documents that others were unwilling to do with.
	But she found it good to be busy, for she didn’t have time to think too much.
	“Amy, I bought you a cup of coffee. Just take it.” Hannah said, standing quietly in a pathway Amy always went through.
	“No, thanks! I gotta submit the documents immediately.” Amy showed the documents in her hands.
	But Hannah didn’t care about what Amy said, grapping the documents from Amy and placed them on the desk. Then she handed the coffee to Amy.
	“I am just coming to you in your office, but they looked so weird. What happened?” Hannah surmised Amy was not welcome by her colleagues.
	“Well, this morning, Gina came here. And she pulled me, and I…” Amy told Hannah what had happened this morning.
	“That bitch! What did she want from you? She miscarried? You pushed her?” Hannah said with secret delight.
	“No, I didn’t push her. She fell down somewhat by herself. Then Matt appeared. And she was bleeding. I thought she might be abortive.” said Amy as she was drinking the coffee. Suddenly she recalled the terrifying blood.
	In fact, Gina cared about the baby a lot. Why did she fall down? Amy didn’t push her and Gina didn’t twist her ankle. How came?
	Thinking of this, Amy found something tricky.
	“Hannah, that’s strange. I’m sure Gina fell down herself. Did she always want a baby? Why did she do that?”
	“I have no idea. I think she might feel sorry for what she’d done to you? That’s impossible. She’s so shameless. Amy, is it possible that the baby she carried was not Matt’s?” Hannah said.
	Hearing this, they looked at each other with shock.
	“You mean the baby didn’t belong to Matt? But how can we let him know about it? And how can we prove it?” Amy seemingly found a way to vent her hatred for Matt when she found that Matt might not be the baby’s father.
	“Well, I don’t know. Andy was the only one that I know working in hospital. But I don’t think he will help us. Forget it. And you didn’t have a friend working in hospital, either. So, let it go.” Hannah sighed.
	Richard wasn’t used to ensconcing himself to eavesdrop. But today he broke his rule. He eavesdropped their conversation without missing a single word.
	And after hearing their analysis, he thought the two ladies were quite sensitive.
	Richard went back to his office, and called his assistant to deal with the issue in the way Amy and Hannah just talked about.
	But Amy and Hannah would never imagine that someone just help them as they wished. They were just felt annoyed that they couldn’t do anything because they didn’t know anyone working in hospital. They just lost a chance to give Gina a blow!
	Amy told Robin not to pick her up after work. So she left the office on time and walked to the bus station.
	On her way, she saw Matt standing beside his car on the road with an angry face.
	At this moment, she wanted to turn around. But Matt rushed to her in a few seconds and pulled her over.
	“What do you want to do?” Amy said, staring at him with an angry look.
	“What do I want to do? I want to ask you the same question. We divorced already! You are so malicious that you aborted Gina! You killed our baby! And now you treat it for granted?” Matt said furiously as he heaved Amy.
	“You lost your baby, you should stay in the hospital and take good care of Gina. Why do you ask me? Can I give you a baby as compensation?” Amy tried to get rid of him. But no one helped her.
	“Give me a baby as compensation? Very good idea! I didn’t have sex with you though we had engaged for 3 years. Now you want to give me a baby, so I will help you make it happen.” Then he got even closer to her to kiss her.
	Amy never thought that Matt was that shameless. She turned her head aside to refuse his kiss.
	But Matt was so masculine. Amy couldn’t push him away and he nearly kissed her. Then Amy kicked him hard in the crotch.
	But Matt seemed to have prepared for this, dragging her ankle with one hand.
	“I like this post.” Matt said in a lascivious tone. He pressed her hands on the car, and jumped her immediately.
	Watching his lips approaching, Amy cried. If he dared to kiss her, she must bite him hard!
Chapter 29 Why not turn to me?
	“Oh, Mr. Wilson. You are overhasty. Here is my place. And you did this to my staff? It sounds not good, isn’t it? Oh, there is a fairly good hotel nearby. Why not do it right there?” Richard said to Matt in a calm tone.
	Matt let go of Amy after hearing Richard’s words. Amy stood away from Matt immediately. Richard looked at them with distain. She wanted to cry with grievance.
	“Mr. Carter. It’s not what you think!” Amy wanted to explain.
	“I don’t care. Seemingly you lead a complicated life, for you hang out with different men all the time.” Richard said to her with irony.
	Amy didn’t say anything. She didn’t want to argue with him. What’s more, why did she have to explain to him? He was just her boss.
	So Amy turned around and walked to the bus station. She didn’t want to listen to their blabbering.
	“Mr. Carter. Is it possible that we keep on our cooperation? I wonder why you cancel our cooperation?” Matt said as if to flatter Richard.
	Matt didn’t care about Amy at all at that moment because the case was more important than her. He was in charge of the case. If HD Group decided not to cooperate with him anymore, he would be disgraced.
	“Because…” Richard pretended to think carefully.
	Matt was waiting for his answer. He wondered why. If Richard was not satisfied with his work, he could try to make it perfect.
	“Because I do what I wish.” With the words, Richard left and got into the car.
	“Hey, Mr. Carter! Mr. Carter! We can talk about it! Just talk more about it!” Matt ran after Richard’s car. However, the car ran so fast that he couldn’t catch up with it and nearly fell to the ground.
	“Boom!” Matt gave a heavy punch on his car. He thought he had been unlucky these days. Everything went wrong after divorcing Amy.
	Thinking of Gina, he immediately drove to the hospital after buying some food.
	Amy rushed to the bus station. Luckily she didn’t miss the bus. Then she got on immediately.
	She thought there’s something wrong with her these days. She offended the boss of HD Group right after entering the company. What’s worse, she gave him a slap!
	She looked at her hands, murmuring. Why did you react so fast? How can you slap him when you didn’t see his face clearly?
	No wonder why he said to her in an ironic tone. And he even recommended a hotel to them. What a fucking good idea! Thinking of that, Amy stopped feeling regretful about the slap. It served him right!
	Just then, Amy arrived home. She got off the bus and found Robin waiting for her at the station.
	“Robin.” Amy felt warm. It was so nice that someone was waiting for her at the station, so nice like her father.
	“You’ve had a long day, Madam. Mr. Carter asked me to pick you up. He said the station is far away from home. So it was dangerous for you to go home alone.” Robin said.
	Amy didn’t know what to say. Though her husband led a life in darkness. But he concerned her a lot. So she didn’t care about what he looked like, as long as he treated her well.
	When she got home, the dinner was ready. What she needed to do was to wash her hands.
	For her, it was a good life. Though her husband wouldn’t be with her all the time, he never betrayed her. That was enough.
	“Madam, we have found a compatible heart for Mr. Miller. But no doctor in our country can do the operation. So Mr. Carter decided to send Mr. Miller abroad for the surgery. They have more advanced machines, which enable a successful transplant. What do you think, Madam?” Robin told her the good news at the table.
	“You have found the heart? That’s great! Then go abroad! When will you set off? I want to spend more time with my father.” Amy was excited about the good news.
	“Yes, of course. Mr. Carter says we should go as soon as possible. So we arrange the flight the day after tomorrow. Madam, you can visit Mr. Miller tomorrow.” Robin said calmly.
	Though Robin kept saying “Mr. Carter”, Amy didn’t mind and felt sweet at his name.
	“Alright. I will spend time with my dad tomorrow. I need to ask Alisa for leave.” She never counted how many days she was off. She knew it was not good, but she had to do so.
	“What? Amy, you will be off tomorrow again?” Alisa felt awkward, because Amy had only worked for 2 weeks but she had taken 5 days off till now!
	It was hard for her to accept this. She passed Amy to the HR colleagues, saying that she had no voice in that case.
	Amy had to turn to the HR staff, but they couldn’t make the decision either. They asked Amy to reach out to the president directly.
	Amy didn’t want to contact Richard, so she decided not to ask for leave. She would spend time with her father after work.
	“Madam, did you ask for leave? I will ask the driver to send you there,” Robin asked Amy.
	“No, my supervisor passed me to the HR and they told me to contact the boss. Come on! I just want to ask for leave. I don’t want to bother my boss. So I decided to visit my father after work. My father will go abroad the day after tomorrow anyway.” Amy told Robin what she experienced today.
	“Why not call him? He may agree. Don’t you want to spend more time with Mr. Miller?” Robin tried to persuade her.
	“No way! He is a freak! I don’t want to call him! Robin, you don’t even know he is just a jerk! Today I was bullied by my ex-husband. He didn’t help me but humiliated me! Robin, you see? Is there such a person like him in the world?” Thinking of Richard’s words today, Amy was so angry.
	Robin agreed with Amy that she described him as a freak. Amy was so brave to say something he didn’t dare to say.
	“Alright, Madam. You are leaving tomorrow afternoon. I will pick you up after you finish working and drive you to the hospital. Then you don’t have to spend so much time on the way there.” Robin couldn’t do anything but do as Amy said.
	“Okay.” They got that in common.
	“Why doesn’t Amy call me till now?” Richard kept waiting for Amy’s call. He couldn’t wait anymore. He did tell the HR that only he could approve Amy’s request for leave.
	“I’m sorry, Mr. Carter. I don’t know why. I’ve told her that she must ask you if she wants to ask for leave.” The HR answered nervously.
	He recalled. He was sure that he had made it clear. But why didn’t Amy call him? He had no idea.
Chapter 30 Don’t love me
	“Richard, your wife is pretty and easy-going. I like her.” Hilary said to Richard at the table.
	“Really? I want to meet her then. I want to know what my daughter-in-law looks like. But if Hilary agrees that the girl is pretty, then she must be.” Cathy was interested in Richard’s wife after hearing Hilary’s comment.
	But Richard kept eating, speechless.
	Cathy and Hilary didn’t care. They started talking about how to encounter Amy.
	“Don’t go too far. She didn’t know I am her husband.” He reminded them, as they were so excited about their plan.
	“Richard, why didn’t you tell her the truth? What do you mean that?” Cathy was unsatisfied with what he did. She didn’t like Allison at all. But Richard just treated her as treasure.
	“It’s interesting, Mom. Just leave me alone. Don’t you want me to marry? Now I’m married. Mind your own business please.” Richard put down the folk.
	Grandpa John was looking at him. Richard was the smartest one among his grandchildren. And he was the most affectionate one, too. Allison left five years ago. But he never forgot her. If John didn’t force, Richard must be single now.
	“Cathy, now that he has been married, we shouldn’t worry about it. But it doesn’t make sense that you give your wife nothing. It’s not the right way we handle things.”
	“I didn’t give her a wedding. I didn’t let her meet you. But I gave her money, which she needed most.” Richard didn’t want to continue the conversation.
	“So you can’t tell her that I am her husband. Her husband is Mr. Carter.” Richard stopped saying any words. If the talk went on, they must mention Allison. They disliked her so much, but he didn’t want them to hurt her.
	After saying that, Richard stood up and left the table. He was unhappy. No one wanted to continue the talk. They knew that Allison was his soft spot.
	Richard was sitting in his car. He checked his phone and confirmed that Amy didn’t call him. So he called Robin.
	Amy was so excited but nervous about the news that her father will accept an surgery abroad. She heard that the operation was at risk. She was afraid that her father would die from the operation.
	“Amy, it’s Andy.” At that moment, Amy received a call from Andy.
	“Andy? Why do you call me?” She was surprised to receive his phone call. They didn’t meet each other after their meal last time.
	“I got your number from Hannah. You can keep my number. Your father will transfer to another hospital and get a surgery abroad. I heard that they found the right heart for your father,” Andy said.
	“Yes, they found it. So my father need to undergo the surgery at soon as possible.” Amy answered.
	“Well, yes. Will you come to the hospital tomorrow? We can meet and talk in detail. It’s hard to make it clear on the phone.” Andy asked.
	“Alright. I will come after work tomorrow. Then let’s talk about it.” Amy agreed. Actually, she trusted Andy and was willing to follow what he said. Andy was so nice to her, better than to Hannah.
	If he didn’t move abroad, they would have got married. Their parents always said jokingly that they should be a couple.
	But she met a bad guy after Andy left.
	Amy was lying on her bed, recalling how she met Matt and fell in love with each other.
	She used to be the prettiest girl at school. So many guys wooed her. But Amy was very proud and most importantly, she didn’t forget Andy.
	Amy didn’t know how Matt saw her. She just remembered that a boy said hello to her every morning. He didn’t say anything else.
	The boy would send her home after school. He didn’t ask her to talk with him. He just followed her quietly.
	She became Matt’s girlfriend by chance. That day she walked to the house that her parents rent for her near school. It took her nearly 20 minutes to walk back home. One day, several rascals appeared and molested her on her way home.
	At that moment, Matt rushed out and beat them. Though he got hit black and blue, he helped catch the rascals.
	After leaving the hospital, he confessed his love to her. Amy thought he was a good guy, at least he did protect her, so she accepted.
	They had been together for 3 years. He showed her great respect and didn’t do anything outrageous.
	They were lovers but not very close. But Amy considered it acceptable because of lack of experience in love.
	However, she never expected such a result.
	Amy thought she was so stupid at that time. Gina always followed them when they hung out. But she never found anything!
	Forget it! Stop thinking about it! Now she led a better life. She had a husband who cared about her. Though the marriage just lasted for 2 years, she was happy with this.
	Suddenly she felt someone pressing on her. That was her husband. She felt so grateful that he saved her father.
	She touched his face and felt his rough skin.
	“Hey, I don’t know what you look like. But I really appreciate that you save my father and me.” She said to Richard.
	“It’s alright. You spend your time with me for two years. So you deserve it.” Richard said calmly.
	He was obsessed with the hot Amy. He knew it wasn’t good. Would he adapt to the new life without her after divorce one day? Could he get used to it?
	As she heard his words, Amy’s heart ached. He cared about her just because she spent her time and had sex with him. He didn’t really love her.
	“Don’t fall in love with me. The contract just lasts for 2 years. We will divorce then. If you fall in love with me, you will get hurt. Remember, we take what we need.” Richard said coldly.
	His words ultimately ruined all Amy’s affection for him.
Chapter 31 A pleasant talk
	Richard had already started the foreplay. Disillusioned, Amy was totally upset with an icy heart. It turned out that even such an ugly person despised her.
	“What are you thinking about, Amy?” Richard found that Amy was not in the mood.
	Amy didn’t respond, while Richard was gently caressing her body. He had already known how to turn her on. With his lips close to her ear, he was licking her earlobe softly.
	Shivering, Amy tried to hold back, but she couldn't help slightly groaning.
	With Richard kept going all out, Amy finally got aroused. They were quite enjoying it.
	Richard slowly wiped her sweat off with a towel. He stood up and was about to leave, but suddenly she grabbed his hand.
	“Honey, if I marry other people in the future, will you be sad?” Amy wanted to see if he was really that cold.
	“No.” With one word, Richard left without looking back.
	Taking a warm bath was supposed to be comfortable, but Amy felt very painful.
	It turned out that the man who slept with her every day had no feelings for her. To Amy, all the love bites on her body now were so humiliating. But she found that she had already got used to his care.
	This was not a good sign depending on somebody who didn’t love her. Amy let the water sprinkle on her face, trying to wash herself out. But no matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t wash off the disgrace after having sex with a heartless man.
	Since he had an aversion to her, why didn’t he remind her not to get pregnant? Lately she had been so tied up that she almost forgot about contraception.
	Amy counted the days and found she would get her period in a few days. She was hoping there was no surprise. If she had a baby, she would screw things up.
	Amy divorced Matt and remarried Richard within only one month, but to Amy, it was like a century.
	In the hospital.
	“How’s my father, Andy?” Amy asked as Andy had been waiting in the ward.
	“Uncle Miller is good. Don’t worry too much. He is very optimistic, and it’s good for his recovery. What’s more, he asked me about the hospital bill yesterday. I told him it was donated by a volunteer. We should align with this. Don’t make him suspicious.” Andy pulled Amy aside.
	“Okay. Thank you, Andy.” Amy once told Andy not to tell her dad the truth about the money, but she didn't expect that he would keep her words in mind all the time.
	“Well, I just want to let you know about this. Let’s go and meet Uncle Miller.” Andy went to meet Stephen with Amy.
	“Amy, you’re here!” Stephen said with a big smile while seeing his daughter.
	“Dad, you are leaving tomorrow. I’m so worried. How do you feel now?” Amy went in and sat next to Stephen.
	“I feel good, very good, thanks to that kind-hearted person. Amy, once you know who he is, you should pay it back.” Actually, Stephen felt very strange, but he didn’t ask them about it.
	Stephen didn’t believe there could be such a kind-hearted person paying so much money for his surgery and even getting the proper heart for him. He believed it was Andy who did it.
	“I know, Dad. Don’t worry. You know I'm grateful. When I know who the person is, I will pay him back.” Amy was harboring bitterness, but she pretended to be fine in front of her dad.
	Amy brought her father his favorite cake, and they talked all day. Indeed, she could not bear to let her father go, but for his own good, he had to go.
	And during their family time, Andy was accompanying them in the ward.
	“Where is Matt? Doesn’t he know I'm leaving tomorrow?” It was late in the evening, and Stephen found out that he hadn't seen Matt today.
	“Well, Dad, Matt has been on a business trip and will be back in a few days.” Amy said with wandering eyes.
	“Oh, I see. Amy, you should go back early then. It’s not so safe for a girl to be on the way alone at midnight.” Stephen felt so tired talking all day since he was still a cardiac patient. He wanted to get some rest.
	“Uncle Miller, I can send Amy home.” Andy said to Stephen.
	“Well, then, thank you, Andy. You haven’t changed a bit, still so considerate.” Stephen was so tired that he closed his eyes and fell asleep immediately.
	“Amy, let’s go and bring you home.” Andy led Amy out of the ward.
	“Okay, Andy, and thanks for taking care of my father.” Amy looked at Andy.
	If Richard was strong like a king, Andy would be a gentleman.
	Andy had always been warm-hearted and gentle with a handsome face.
	Amy remembered that when she was a child, she wooed Andy and kept asking him if he wanted to marry her.
	After ten years, it had become impossible. She was a remarried woman. If she got divorced again, she would feel so lost.
	“Well, we’re just like a family, so don’t mention it.” Andy was still fond of Amy’s long soft hair as much as before.
	After a pleasant talk, they walked down to Andy’s car. He opened the door for Amy and carefully tied the safety belt for her after she got in.
	“Amy, I haven’t had dinner today. Would you like to dine out with me?” Andy’s stomach was growling.
	“What? Let’s go find a restaurant then. It’s so late. You must be starving.” Hearing that, Amy was very worried. Like what most doctors did while working, he was always too busy to eat.
	“Well, I’ll take you to a restaurant I know. The food there is very delicious.” Seeing that Amy was still so concerned about him, Andy felt sweet in heart.
	It was a plain, average-size restaurant, and it looked quiet from outside.
	Andy parked the car and got into the restaurant with Amy. It turned out that there were so many people in here. If Andy hadn’t booked a table, they would have to dine elsewhere now.
	The waiter led them to a VIP room and they got in.
Chapter32 An encounter
	Andy ordered some dishes and told Amy some interesting stories about her years abroad.
	Those stories made Amy laughed out loud. She hadn't laughed so happily for a long time.
	“Excuse me, Andy. I will be right back.” Amy suddenly felt a stomach upset, then went to the ladies’ room.
	When she came out of the ladies’ room, she crashed into a man from the gents’ room. She said sorry to that man, but she immediately felt cold and weird.
	The man was taller than Amy so she couldn’t see his face. He didn’t respond, but a sudden cold shiver ran down Amy’s spine. She was wondering whether the temperature was too low in the restaurant.
	Amy looked up at the man. When she saw clearly his face, she was about to leave.
	She reacted so quickly. However, Richard grabbed her arm in an instant. If he hadn’t caught her that fast, she would have run away.
	Richard wondered what she was doing here tonight since her father was going abroad for surgery the next day. She certainly couldn’t come here alone. This restaurant looked very ordinary, but it was somewhere wealthy people often came.
	“Amy, why are you here?” Richard was curious about who brought her in this restaurant.
	“This is the toilet. I’m here to do whatever you do.” Amy was thinking how this president of the HD group was hovering like a ghost. She always met him wherever she was.
	“By the way, Mr. Carter, it’s not working time now. I can go wherever I want. I’ll go wherever I like.” Amy tried to struggle to free herself but failed.
	“That’s right. I can’t control it, but you have to work tomorrow, so maybe you should go home and get rest earlier. If you are late tomorrow, I swear I will deduct your wages.” Richard didn’t know what was wrong with him. He just felt uncomfortable watching Amy staying out.
	“I know, but it’s not proper for people seeing you catch me by your hand like this, so please let go of me. I’ll go home after dinner. And Mr. Carter, you should go home earlier too. If you’re later than me tomorrow, that sounds not good, either.” Amy finally won her freedom from Richard.
	And then Richard directly left without a word.
	Amy’s arm hurt due to Richard’s great strength. She rubbed her arm carefully and went back to the VIP room.
	“What took you so long?” Andy had been waiting for a while.
	“Oh, nothing. I met a pervert. Fortunately, I got away from him.” Amy started enjoying the dishes.
	These dishes looked very common, but as they started eating, Amy understood why there were so many customers here. The food tasted so good.
	Amy ate quickly and was full in an instant.
	Actually, the food was ordered by Andy but was almost eaten by Amy, only with some soup left.
	“Andy, why are you eating so little?” Amy found that Andy was having the rest of the soup.
	“Would you like some more?” Amy was very embarrassed. Andy was so hungry, but she ate them up.
	“No, I’m good. You know what, all the nutrition is in the soup.” Even eating leftovers, Andy behaved as a gentleman.
	Amy was stunned. She had grown up in a noble family, but she never behaved so elegantly like him. She always had supper very fast, so rude.
	Andy was blushing as Amy was staring at him with her hands cupping her cheeks. Since childhood, Amy liked to look at him in this pose.
	No matter whether he was doing his homework or eating anything, she would look at him in this way, and then adorably said, “Oh my, Andy, you are so cute. Promise me you will marry me when you grow up!”
	It was for this promise, he came back from abroad, but it was still too late. She was already married.
	“Well, I’ve already finished. Let’s go. It’s dark outside. You should go home now.” Andy stopped eating and wiped his mouth with a tissue.
	“Okay, let’s go.” Amy stood up and picked up her purse.
	Richard watched all the way as Amy went out of the restaurant and got in Andy’s car. He pull a long face which made the people around him uncomfortable.
	“Richard, why have you become so weird lately? And always ask me to find out some strange things.” Kevin tried to make fun of Richard.
	Richard didn’t respond, watching the car fade away.
	“What did you say?” Richard turned his head to Kevin.
	“Never mind. What put you under spell? I mean, I have heard that you are very concerned about a new girl in your company.” Kevin slowly shook his wine glass and looked at Richard jokingly.
	“No way! Is he still able to have a crush on other women? Unless that woman is beautiful as hell!” Rocky Walters hugged a woman around him and gave her a kiss.
	Richard was not in the mood to join the conversation anymore. He would like to go immediately and see whether Amy was home.
	“I'm leaving. You guys have fun.” Richard picked up his coat and walked out of the door, leaving other people shocked here.
	“If I marry in the future, will you be sad?” Richard recalled what Amy said last night. He said no at that time. However, he kept thinking about it all day today. Would he feel sad? The answer was yes. He would be suffering.
	For instance, just now, seeing she was out with other man, he felt so angry.
	“Do I fall for her? No, it’s impossible. It’s just because she’s my wife now, and my wife should behave herself.” Richard tried to make an excuse to prove that it was impossible for him to fall in love with other women.
	However, he didn’t slow down his car. Instead, he was speeding up. He wanted to go back and hold the hot Amy. Only when he was with her, he could feel relieved.
	Richard was home quickly, when Amy hadn’t come back yet.
	‘Damn it! Where did she go? Didn’t she know it was very dangerous being alone with a man at night? And she’s so gorgeous that almost every man wants to kiss her! Richard couldn’t help thinking about all terrible things that might happen.
	Hearing the sound of a car outside, Richard went to his bedroom immediately.
	“Bye, Andy. Thank you for driving me home.” Amy said goodbye to Andy and got into the villa.
	It was already late in the evening. In order not to wake others in the house, Amy quietly opened the door and went in.
	The servants had gone to bed so the living room was empty. Amy went upstairs hurriedly.
	Amy was planning to take a bath then go to bed. If she was really being late the next morning, her wages would be deducted by the president.
	As soon as she got upstairs, she was pressed on the wall by someone in the dark and kissed before she could react.
Chapter 33 A wet white shirt
	The sudden kiss freaked Amy out. But as soon as she smelled Richard, she stopped struggling.
	Richard held Amy up in his arms and ran toward the bedroom immediately. Amy hung from him like a rag doll, completely at his mercy.
	Richard felt satisfied and pressed on top of her, kissing and caressing her gently.
	She had fair white smooth skin. Richard was so aroused that he couldn’t stop.
	They both reached their climax. Richard let off all his anxiety and anger, and immediately fell asleep. However, Amy was so upset for the quarrel yesterday that she couldn’t get over it.
	Now Richard noticed that Amy was not herself but he chose to leave her alone. After all, they meant to divorce in a couple of years, so he simply didn’t give her much hope.
	Richard stood up, ready to go back to his own bedroom. Amy sat up as well. Groping in the dark, she opened the drawer to grab her medicine bottle. She then took a pill.
	Stephen was seen out. Cherishing hope in her heart, Amy prayed every single day for her father’s recovery. Lately she had worked overtime to deal with her tasks.
	She would not step into the president’s office unless she had to. It’s really weird for her to stay with Richard. Yet someone made her no choice even if she wanted to hide.
	“Amy, submit this file to the president’s office.” A sultry woman came over and threw a thick stack of papers at Amy.
	“Zoe, I’m sorry but I’ve got a lot of other things to do. Could you please just let someone else do it?” Amy pointed at her mountain-like papers stacking beside her.
	She would do anything that others asked as long as not going to Richard’s office.
	But why did she still need to go there anyway? She really wanted to refuse this time.
	Zoe’s lips crumpled and then she said, “Can’t let that happen. This file is really important so you should go there right now. The president said that you speak three languages. So you can help him anytime, and you have to do that.”
	Actually, Zoe should have delivered the files and she just dressed herself up. Everyone knew that Richard Carter, the most famous rich handsome man in this city, was able to better any woman’s life if he fancied her. A lover would be really nice, left alone being his wife.
	However, she got an order to deliver the files. This task had already upset Zoe, yet Amy wanted to reject the real plum that all women ever dreamed of.
	Every person in the office mastered one or two foreign languages. Amy just couldn’t figure out what exactly was wrong with Richard. He did this only to insult her.
	But what could she do? She had to accept her fate. After all, she worked for him to make her living.
	Amy made up her mind, stood up and picked up the stack of papers. Zoe compared her boobs with Amy’s by glancing at them, and then suddenly walked away.
	Up here at the thirtieth floor, Amy casually tidied herself up. She wore a white shirt and a black skirt today, pretty formal but still hot.
	Amy gently knocked the door, extremely wishing that Richard was out so she could just leave the files there and then walked away. Unfortunately Richard was asking her to get inside.
	As Amy opened the door, she saw that Richard was busy with his work with his head down, and the thick hair was combed so smoothly.
	In R City, there was no love affair about Richard at all. Apart from his first love Allison Field, it’s said that in the past five years since Allison left, Richard had no interest in women at all. Is he gay or something? Amy thought no wonder he always wanted to play tricks on her. He must get something wrong.
	Amy gracefully walked over there without saying a word. She put the files on the desk and waited for his instructions. But Richard didn’t say anything to her while still dealing with his stuff.
	Amy took a breath and prepared to sneak out. However, as soon as she lifted her feet, she was caught by Richard’s attention.
	“Where are you going?” Richard still kept his head down. If there were not only the two of them in the office, Amy would have felt that he was talking to someone else.
	As she still got a lot of work to deal with, she said, “I should get back to work if everything is alright.”
	“I’ve let other people deal with your work. Your job today is to wait here. I've read the file. If there's anything I don't understand, you can translate it for me. You speak three languages, don’t you?” Richard said seriously.
	“Many people in the office can speak three languages. I’m not the only one, and I'm not very good at it. Better let someone else help you translate the file. And I should finish my own work?” Amy refused. She really didn't want to stay with this pervert.
	At the moment, Richard finally put down his pen and looked up at Amy. This woman joyfully talked with other men, but she got nervous every time she saw him. Was it true that he was such a difficult person?
	But what happened to the white shirt she was wearing? It made her boobs look so big. Obviously the white skirt was supposed to be very normal, yet she was so hot.
	This charming Amy would belong to him for two years and others must not covet her. As for two years from now, Richard had not gone that far yet.
	“Come a little bit closer,” Richard told her so.
	Amy looked at him but stayed still because she had already stood right before him. If she moved forward, she would sit on his thighs.
	And Richard finally realized that Amy should really stay there.
	“You go and get me a cup of warm water, not too cold, not too hot. Go ahead, and then we'll discuss the materials you brought.” Richard pointed at his cup.
	Amy saw his cup was really empty, so she didn't think much about it. She took the cup and went to fill it with water.
	A few seconds later, Amy walked over next to Richard and handed him the water. Richard didn't look at her, but just reached out his hand. He didn't pay attention for one second, the water spilt out onto Amy. The white shirt got wet, and all the black lace inside was revealed.
	“Ah,” Amy screamed. What could she do to fix this? The white shirt was clinging to her body, easily seen through. She quickly covered her boobs.
	At this moment Richard finally looked up at Amy, his heart beating fast. The clinging white shirt made her more fascinating. Richard kept staring at her breasts, almost drooling.
Chapter 34 Sharing a room
	Richard turned out to “panic”. He hurriedly stood up, walked into his own lounge, and took out a black shirt to Amy.
	“Go change your shirt. I didn't pay attention just now. I'm sorry.” Richard said.
	There was nothing Amy could do. Her shirt was all wet. If she went out like this, people would be gossiping about the two.
	So she went into Richard's lounge to replace her wet shirt.
	“Hey Richard, I’ll tell you something. Lately I’ve found something really interesting.” Kevin Smith excitedly opened the door of Richard’s office.
	Kevin couldn’t believe his eyes by the fact that Richard was laughing, especially by laughing like an obscene goat. Ever since Allison Field left, this iceberg-like man had never laughed for a very long time.
	Richard immediately stopped laughing as soon as he saw this dude come in. Instead, he immediately kept a straight face.
	“What's so interesting?” he asked Kevin coldly.
	Kevin nearly choked himself. How could Richard change his attitude so fast? Richard was definitely laughing just now. Or it was simply because he was dazed.
	“Was I dazzled just now? Why did I think you were laughing?” Kevin found things more interesting now.
	“You are dazzled. Say something or get out.” Richard said with a cold face.
	“Well, the thing is I found out that Miller Group went bankrupt last year. It was actually conspired by someone.” Kevin sat on the sofa not far away from Richard, just opposite the lounge.
	“What?!” Richard was surprised as well. Miller Group was more or less an enterprise in R City, but it had been in a disadvantage since two years ago, and finally went literally bankrupt last year.
	Kevin heard someone else’s voice mingling with Richard’s, and that voice was absolutely not his own.
	Then Richard saw that Kevin’s mouth was wide open.
	It finally occurred to Richard that Amy was changing her shirt in the lounge. Amy opened the door of the lounge. Wearing Richard's black shirt made her skin as pure as a perfect jade.
	The shirt was too long so she tied a knot up her waist. Her slender legs were right covered under the black skirt. She looked extremely enchanting.
	Kevin obsessively gazed at Amy and was about to drool.
	“What were you talking about, Sir? Was the bankruptcy of Miller Group conspired by someone?” Amy went straight to Kevin and asked anxiously.
	“Whom do I speak to?” Kevin turned to Amy’s face and said.
	“Sir, I want to ask you about something. Do you know the truth about the bankruptcy of Miller Group?” Amy got close to Kevin and was a little bit emotional.
	“Amy, calm down. He doesn’t know anything about it. Well, be a good girl and come here.” When Richard saw that Amy was getting a little out of control, he came over to her and pulled her over.
	Not until this moment did Kevin recall that the girl Richard asked himself to do a reference check not long ago was the daughter of the Miller Group. And that girl seemed to be Amy.
	“You are Amy?” Kevin said to her.
	“Well, Kevin, you should get going. We'll talk about this later in the evening.” Richard noticed that Amy got mad so he asked Kevin out hurriedly, and Kevin listened to him obediently.
	“Mr. Carter, that Sir just said that the bankrupt of the Miller Group was a plot. What is the truth? Can you please do me a favor to ask him about it?” Amy also felt that she was a little over-excited just now, which might scared the man.
	“Come on, just let it be. Why are you so serious? Do you think you can actually help the enterprise back to the stage? What are you capable of?” Richard let Amy sit down on the sofa, and then went to get a cup of water and passed it to her.
	“But I insist and I want to know the truth.” No matter how Richard humiliated her, Amy still wanted to figure out what exactly was going on.
	“It's all on your ex-husband Matt Wilson. He did it to your family, but what's the use of knowing the truth right now? It is unreliable to count on others. You want to revenge, and then you have to be strong by your own.” Richard looked at Amy's parched lips and forced her to drink the water.
	Drinking a swig of water down, Amy choked and began to cough severely.
	Richard wanted to pat her on the back so he could help her feel better. But his movement stopped in the air.
	In the whole afternoon Richard was busy with his work, but he glanced at Amy from time to time. Amy was translating the file that Richard gave her.
	Amy got a lot of thoughts. She had been speculating on what Kevin said, but Richard also made a good point. She was incapable of avenging Matt at the moment. The Miller Group was gone, and her father was sick. She had nothing but a husband, yet she had to keep the fact that she had a husband in secret.
	“Are you going to translate this file overnight?” Amy didn’t notice Richard even when he stood right beside her.
	She didn't translate a single word, but just kept writing Matt Wilson’s name on the paper.
	“I’m sorry?” In a panic, Amy wanted to put away the paper.
	“Are you still thinking of this man?” Richard grabbed the paper over. He looked at the paper and found out that the name of Matt Wilson was all over.
	What exactly was inside this woman’s heart? Matt Wilson hurt her so badly yet she was still thinking about this man.
	“No, I was not thinking about him at all. I hate him as hell!” Amy stopped grabbing the paper any more. She was ready to start translating seriously. With such a large pile of papers, she thought that she would have to finish her work until end of the day.
	Richard found that Amy ignored him and began to translate the file carefully. She was wearing his big shirt, and the first button on her chest was untied. From his angle, he could see her tasty big breasts.
	Swallowing saliva, Richard threw the paper at Amy, and turned around to walk away into his lounge. He urgently needed to take a shower to calm himself down.
	Nobody knew whether she would punish Amy or punish himself by bringing her to his office.
	In order not to contact with Richard for a long time, Amy translated the file quickly. She wanted to leave this place as soon as the work was done.
	Richard took a cold bath. When he came out, he saw that Amy was working on the file wholeheartedly.
	Richard went back to his seat greatly satisfied by Amy’s positive attitude to her work. But once he knew what Amy had thought of him, would he be terribly mad?
Chapter35 A drunken night
	As Amy finished the translation, her shirt was dry. And it was end of the day.
	“Mr. Carter. I need to wear my own shirt.” She changed her shirt and thought it better to wash his.
	“Mr. Carter. Let me wash your shirt and give it back to you tomorrow,” said Amy.
	Richard was staring at the hot Amy’s big boobs.
	“Don’t bother. I got plenty of shirts. You can throw it away,” said Richard. He got a bit grumpy because of Amy. He wanted to get rid of this bad mood, for he would laugh at himself if he got used to her existence.
	‘It was an expensive shirt. Now he wanted to throw it away. He must hate me.’ Amy decided to take it home to wash it anyway.
	After Amy left, Richard felt so hollow. Why did he act like this? Was it because of Amy’s charm? Impossible.
	Richard tried to calm down and forget about her body. He decided to stay at office from now on.
	When Amy was back to her office, she found it strange that everyone was still at work, but it was time to knock off already. Why? As she walked in, everyone was studying her from head to toe.
	Amy had no idea what was going on. She only knew it had been a hard time this afternoon.
	“Look how lucky you are, Amy. Stay at boss’s office for the whole afternoon, huh?” said Zoe. The strong aroma of her perfume disgusted Amy.
	“Mr. Carter asked me to translate the documents. I’ve been working at his office,” explained Amy. She was confused why everybody acting oddly to her.
	“You’d better behave yourself at your age,” said Jack.
	Amy felt even more confused.
	“What do you mean I need to behave myself?” asked Amy.
	“I don’t know why you girls are chasing to be a mistress instead of marrying a good guy.” Jack sighed and left.
	“Jack, stop!” Amy thought they must misunderstand. She did nothing like that.
	“Don’t forget to button up your clothes next time. Look at you!” Zoe pointed at her shirt, unbuttoned.
	Amy felt so embarrassed.
	“Oh god, you finally went out. What did he do to you?” Hannah walked through the crowd towards Amy, looking at her up and down.
	Seeing everyone staring at Amy, she said, “ Seems like you wanna work overtime, right? Ok I will inform the HR to rearrange your working hours.” Hannah said and was ready to call the HR.
	At HD Group, everyone knew that if they didn’t work overtime as told, their salaries would be deducted.
	Hearing this, everyone kept silent and was about to leave. Soon, they left. Only Hannah and Amy stayed in the big office.
	“What happened? Did they hurt you?” asked Hannah as she already felt Amy was having a hard time in the office.
	“No. It’s just because of the boss. He made me stay at his office for so long that they misunderstood.” Amy didn’t care about others. She knew herself well.
	“No worries. They are just jealous of you. It’s difficult to stay in a place filled with gossip girls. Now let’s go have dinner and forget about the boss. It’s Andy’s treat.” said Hannah.
	“Sounds good. It’s really an awful day. Let’s chill out at night!” Amy agreed.
	Since she knew who led to Miller Group’s bankruptcy, everything got easier. She would try to be stronger as the boss said.
	“Hey, Amy, Hannah. Come over here,” said Andy.
	“Hey, Andy!” Hannah greeted. Andy looked so charming in the car that he was catching eyes of the girls passing by. Amy and Hannah got in his car.
	Then they arrived at a restaurant far away from the city. And they drank a lot. When Amy was staggering to the bathroom, she suddenly felt like vomiting. She was so drunk that she went into male’s room.
	Across came a man who grabbed Amy quickly. She was too drunk to identify who he was. She pointed at that man and said, “Don’t move. You make me dizzy...” Before she finished, she started vomiting.
	Matt saw that was Amy. He looked around to make sure there was nobody here. Then he lifted her up gently and left.
Chapter36 In danger
	Matt carried her to a room without anyone inside, and locked the door.
	Seeing Amy’s beautiful face, plump breasts and slender legs, he thought all these 3 years went in vain.
	All he had focused on was to ruin Miller Group these years. And now it had gone bankrupt as expected. But Gina just kept throwing herself on him, so he had neglected his wife.
	What he saw turned him on and he couldn’t help doing something more to Amy.
	He bent down and kissed her cheeks, feeling her soft and smooth skin. He got so aroused.
	Amy was unconsciously dreaming of her dog licking her face.
	“Billie, don’t!” whispered Amy. She thought it was her dog licking her face.
	Matt couldn’t stop himself. He continued kissing her body.
	This woke Amy up, and she slapped on his face. When she saw the man was Matt, she started screaming.
	“Amy, I know you can’t forget me. Now that you’re here for me, I will make you satisfied,” said Matt. He took off his clothes and was ready to take off Amy’s as well.
	“Get out, you asshole!” Amy got completely sober, trying to escape.
	“Don’t lie to me. I know you can’t forget me so you are here for me. I can’t forget you, either. Just take off your clothes.” Matt tore her clothes open. Her beautiful breasts made him even more excited. He started caressing her butt.
	But she was too weak to struggle free of him. With her clothes taken off, she was almost naked.
	Humiliated, she burst into tears. Why was she so unfortunate?
	Seeing Amy stopped resisting, Matt took off his pants.
	But the door was suddenly kicked open.
	Richard broke in together with Andy and gave a heavy punch on Matt’s face. And he covered his jacket on Amy, going to carry her out of the room.
	“Don’t touch me. Don’t!” Amy was too scared.
	“Mr. Carter, let me handle this. I am so sorry for everything,” said Andy.
	Richard didn’t listen to what Andy said. He lifted Amy out of the restaurant though she was trembling. Richard just wanted to protect this little shaking kitty in his arms.
	“Just cry if you want,” said Richard worriedly. But she was too frightened to cry in his arms.
	Robin was scared to ask anything when they were back home. He got her a glass of icy water.
	As Richard was about to leave, Robin asked, “Master, are you going to leave tonight? Amy seems not well.”
	“She’s not that weak. She’s going to be fine. Find her a doctor. I won’t come back for several days.” Richard left with no hesitation.
	Robin sighed. What happened to Amy? Did they quarrel? Seems like there’s something else... Fine, he would never know what Richard was thinking. He’d better go look after Amy.
	Amy ate nothing. The only thing she wanted to do was to take a shower. She needed to wash away everything completely. Robin was worried about her. He asked a young maid to accompany her, but Amy just ignored her.
	Robin called Richard, but he didn’t answer.
	Didn’t master love Amy anymore?
	For 4 days, Richard wasn’t home. Amy didn’t go to work, either. She was quite not herself.
	Finally in day 5, someone came for Amy.
	“Yes, that was Amy.” Robin said to Cathy.
	“I heard that she was in a hard time, so I’m here to see if she’s ok,” said Cathy.
	She slowly walked to Amy, and sit beside her.
	Amy noticed someone’s here, and she turned around, with the fruit falling from her hand.
	“Mom?” called Amy.
	“Yes.” Cathy didn’t expect Amy to know who she was. After all, it’s the first time that they had met each other. How came she knew it?
	“Mom, is it really you? I’ve missed you so much.” For five days she had been in silence. Now she finally spoke. She cried in Cathy’s arms.
	This beautiful young girl looked so lovely to Cathy.
	“Baby, don’t cry. I am here.” Cathy wiped off the tears on Amy’s face with a tissue.
	“Mommy, don’t leave me.” Amy held her hands so firmly, glaring at her with teary eyes. Cathy’s heart melted.
Chapter 37 Her mother-in-law
	It was not that easy to soften Cathy’s heart. But at Amy’s words, Cathy showed empathy abruptly, feeling like Amy was her own kid.
	Amy cried a long time and she just felt like relieved from all the hatred. Her mind was all cleared up.
	At this moment, Amy realized that she made a mistake. This beautiful noblewoman was not her mother.
	“I am sorry, madam. I was mistaken you as someone else.” Amy sat up straight.
	Amy slipped out of Cathy’s hug and Cathy felt a little hollow in her mind. Cathy had three sons and one daughter. But the only daughter was very boyish and didn’t hug Cathy like this before.
	Being hugged by a girl like Amy, Cathy felt very comfortable too.
	“It doesn’t matter. You can treat me like your real mother. I had four children. Isn’t it just perfect to be your mother?” Cathy looked at Amy with motherly love.
	Amy smiled shyly, but she suddenly realized that this noblewoman must be a relative of the owner of the house. ‘Was she my mother-in-law?’
	“Yes, Madam, you came here to visit someone, right?” Amy cleaned her face and wiped out all the tears.
	“What should I say? I supposed I was here to visit someone. But he was not here. Since he wasn’t here and we are so agreeable with each other, we should have a nice and long talk.” Cathy held Amy’s hand, looking at this skinny girl.
	“No problem. I will get you some water.” Amy stood up and Robin came with a glass of water.
	“Madam, here is your glass of water.” Robin put down the glass.
	“Amy, why don’t you stay and chat with madam? Do you want to have lunch here, madam?” Robin said to these two women, and they were still holding hands.
	Madam was very picky but she liked Amy very much, which meant that Amy was actually a very lovely girl.
	Even for the master’s ex-girlfriend, madam didn’t treat her so warmly.
	“No, I don’t want to have lunch here. I will have a talk with this girl and then leave.” Cathy said to Robin.
	Then Robin left. Cathy cleared Amy’s messy hair up.
	“Are you Amy?” Cathy chatted with Amy.
	“Yes, Madam, may I know your name?” Amy asked Cathy.
	“Well, I am a relative of the owner of the house. I came here to talk to him. But he was not here. Don’t tell him that I have been in here. This is between you and me, OK?” Cathy didn’t want her son to quarrel with her again so she asked Amy to keep this as a secret.
	“No problem. I will not tell him absolutely,” Amy promised.
	Cathy found that this girl was very fun and they have talked about everything for one hour and more.
	“Look, we are getting along so well with each other. I didn’t even realize the time have passed quickly. I need to go home now. Amy, tell Robin if you need anything. He will manage to do everything you asked for. Remember, you deserve it. You are the madam in this house,” Cathy said to Amy when she was leaving.
	“OK, got it, Cathy. I am not a guest in this house.” Amy thought that she liked this noblewoman very much. Cathy was beautiful and so kind.
	At the first sight, Amy defined Cathy as a gentle kind woman, but later in the future, she would see how fussy Cathy was.
	Cathy also warned Robin not to tell Richard that she had come here to visit her daughter-in-law.
	It was weird to visit the daughter-in-law in a secretive way.
	Cathy left and Amy felt much better.
	“Robin, I want something to eat. I am so hungry,” Amy said to Robin.
	Robin heard about that, and he went to get it ready immediately. It was a big surprise. Madam Cathy came and eased Amy’s worry.
	Richard sat at the bar, drinking the liquid. In front of him, there were many empty bottles.
	“Richard, what is wrong with you lately? Aren’t you busy? Why would you have free time to buy me some drinks?” Kevin was also drinking wine. And while he was drinking, he was waving to the beautiful lady at the bar.
	“If you are not happy with me getting you the drink, you can pay the bill.” Richard ordered another bottle of wine again.
	Although the wine was not very strong, Richard had drunk many bottles.
	“No way. You pay for the bill, Richard. I was wondering whether you have met something that bothered you. You will never come to a bar to have a drink before. And what’s more, you would never let other women touch your clothes before but now you let your secretary wear your favorite shirt. You have decided to forget Allison?”
	Kevin saw Richard’s chilling face. Though Richard was one of the richest men in R city, he was always cool, so no one dared to get along with him.
	So many people wanted to have sex with him but he declined every time. He would not look at women for a second, except his first lover Allison.
	But lately, things had changed. What was happening to him?
	“How come you talked so much? You only need to drink the wine and chase after the girls. And then I will pay the bill. Just enjoy it!” Richard realized that Kevin was right but he didn’t admit it.
	“Well, as you said so, I will go make some friends now. You stay here and drink the wine then.” Kevin heard what Richard said. He couldn’t wait to leave. Everyone in R city knew that Kevin was a true playboy.
	Walking around in the bar, Kevin didn’t meet any suitable woman. He always thought of a girl whose face flushed with anger. Her shiny eyes impressed him deeply.
	Feeling not so interested, Kevin went back to Richard, sat next to him and drank some wine.
	“What happened? You are not interested in the beauties today?” Richard laughed at Kevin.
	Kevin was a playboy but that was actually fake. Everyone saw Kevin messing with many women, but no one would know that he was still a virgin.
	“Yes. I seemed to lose interest in all these women. Last time, I met a fun girl in your company but I don’t know her name.” Kevin felt it a pity.
	“My company? You saw all the women in my company before. Why would be interested in them now?” Richard realized that as long as Amy was not mentioned, he felt a lot better.
	“Maybe she is a new comer. She is not very beautiful but a little irascible, which impressed me a lot!” Kevin thought about the fight they had that day, feeling secretly happy.
	Richard gave Kevin a mean look. Kevin loved all kinds of women and the relationship would only last for a few days. No one would believe that he would fall in love with a girl.
Chapter 38 The destined perfect lover
	Hannah knew that Amy was almost molested by Matt that day. She felt very regretful. Why did she drink so much wine? She didn’t take good care of Amy, and because of this, her cousin even took care of Amy, leaving Amy in danger.
	Amy didn’t come to work for a few days now. Hannah dared not to contact Amy. She was afraid that Amy cannot bear what happened. But without knowing what was going on right now, Hannah felt terrible too. She went to a bar to have a drink and relax herself.
	Coming into the bar, Hannah wanted to stay at a quiet corner to drink a lot.
	With colorful light and loud music, the bar was full of people, singing and dancing.
	Hannah walked through the dancing pool to the most remote place.
	She thought that no one would even notice her, but actually someone saw her.
	Kevin rubbed his eyes hard. He just talked about a girl, and then the girl showed up immediately. What a coincidence! Was this meant to happen?
	Making sure that was the girl he wanted to meet most, Kevin said to Richard, “Why am I so lucky today? You stay here and enjoy it. I will go meet a girl.”
	Kevin didn’t even look at Richard and walked towards Hannah.
	Hannah sat in a booth. There were less people there, except some young couples. Other people just preferred staying around the dancing pool.
	The bartender was very clever, seeing Hannah came and following her. Hannah ordered a bottle of wine and some snacks.
	She sat, facing the dancing pool, and was able to see the people dancing wildly to the music.
	Drinking two more glasses of wine, Hannah felt better. Wine was a good thing. And then she ordered another bottle. She drank happily by herself.
	“Why do I get drunk that day? I can drink a lot. But why didn’t I protect Amy that day? Matt, you are a bastard. You left Amy and insulted Amy. You should go to hell!” Drinking a bottle of wine, Hannah became very talkative.
	Sitting back to back with her, Kevin laughed to himself. This girl was drinking and murmuring something by herself. No one knew what she was muttering about.
	Feeling it was time to meet, Kevin sat opposite Hannah. But Hannah focused on herself and didn’t notice the man sitting opposite her.
	“Matt, I wish you will be unhappy for your whole life, you were able to have sex at night, and Gina would cheat on you definitely.” Hannah cursed.
	“You hated Matt so much.” Kevin talked to Hannah jokingly.
	“I hated him very much. He dared to insult my friend when I was not there. If I were there, I would have definitely cut his penis.” Hannah even made a scissor gesture.
	Kevin felt painful in his crotch. This girl was very heartless and cruel and she wanted to cut down the penis.
	“Are you drunk?” Kevin thought that Hannah wasn’t even talking clearly. He saw there were two empty bottles on the table.
	“No. I will not get drunk. I can drink a lot! Bartender! Give me another bottle.” Hannah waved her hands, asking the bartender for another bottle.
	The bartender came, but Kevin asked him to leave. He knew that Hannah was drunk.
	He gave Hannah a glass of soda water. Hannah poured it into her own glass and drank it all.
	“Oh, this wine tasted weird. Why was it different from before?” Hannah looked at her glass, with her eyes fuzzy.
	Looking at the glass for a long time, she didn’t know what was wrong with the bottle.
	“I am leaving now. This place sucks. Even the wine has gone bad. No wonder Matt has changed his mind too. He’s a jerk. A jerk!” Hannah stood up unsteadily, looking for her car key.
	“Are you leaving?” Kevin held on to Hannah and asked.
	“Yes, the wine here tastes bad. I need to find another bar. Where is my car key?” Hannah looked everywhere but couldn’t find the key.
	“I got your car key. I will give you a ride. Where do you live?” Kevin took out his own keys and handed it to Hannah.
	Hannah took over the car key but ignored Kevin. She was about to go through the dancing pool alone and left.
	Kevin didn’t stop her but followed her silently.
	She was muttering about Matt all the time. Did Matt do something bad to upset her?
	Knowing that Matt upset Hannah, Kevin wanted to get back on Matt for her.
	Hannah was collided at the doorway. She fell to the ground. Kevin helped her stood up and walked out of the bar with Hannah on his back.
	Matt was at his office, looking at the scar on his face in front of the mirror. It was so unlucky. ‘Amy brought too much misfortune to me.’ When they were still in a relationship, he was actually very lucky.
	Amy must be his destined perfect lover. Leaving her behind made Matt very unlucky.
	He applied some medicine on the wound. He thought Gina still waited for him to accompany her in the hospital. It annoyed him a little.
	Back then, Gina seduced him by having sex with him. Being in a relationship with her, Matt had been unlucky.
	If it was not for the baby, Matt would have broken up with her.
	“Mr. Wilson, here you are.” The secretary went in and gave Matt a parcel.
	Matt thought it would be some materials or files so he tore it apart.
	Taking some paper out, he saw a testing result from hospital.
	Matt looked at it carefully. The words on top of it stung his eyes and his heart.
	Matt put the testing on his pocket, and drove to the hospital angrily.
	Gina was lying in the hospital. She realized that she was very clever. By using a plot, she made Matt hate Amy even more, and also she was able to get rid of the baby.
	‘Amy, you had a better life than me all the time, but you were not as clever as me. I would take everything from you, including your man and your wealth.’
	Gina was very proud of herself. She believed that Amy must have made a deal with an old man for her body. Stephen had been sent abroad for a surgery which cost a large amount of money. Amy was not able to afford it now.
	Gina was fantasizing when the door of the ward was kicked open. Then Matt came in furiously.
Chapter 39 Getting fired
	While Matt was walking in, Gina welcomed him with a grin.
	“Matt, where have you been? You didn’t come to see me. I’ve missed you so much,” Gina said as she pressed her plump breasts on his chest.
	Matt used to like it very much. But out of the blue, he slapped Gina on her face.
	“You bitch. How dare you lie to me?” Matt said to Gina cruelly.
	Gina was confused by the slap. She didn’t know what she did wrong in front of Matt, the man who loved her deeply.
	“Matt, why do you slap me? When did I lie to you?” Gina said with a sad face.
	Gina was crying, heart-broken. The previous Matt would care about her, but now, it was totally different.
	“Look!” Matt took out the testing result from the bag, and threw it on the ground beside Gina.
	Gina picked up the testing result and had a look at it. She was confused because what she did was very secretive. Why would someone take a paternity test?
	“Matt, listen to me. It was not what you think.” Gina held Matt’s leg. At this moment, she saw the wound on Matt’s face.
	“Matt, did you get hurt? Who hurt you?” Gina asked anxiously.
	“Gina, we have been together for two years, and you didn’t get pregnant. Why would you be pregnant and marry me suddenly? But actually I am not the baby’s father. The similarity rate of the paternity test is zero. Zero! How shameless!” Matt threw her off.
	As a man, he could be a playboy. But if his wife cheated on him, he turned out to explode.
	“Matt, this must be a trap. Listen to me. How can we take a paternity test with an unborn baby? Also I believed that no one has taken your hair or something else from you to take the test. It must be that bitch Amy. She set me up.” Gina panicked. She relied deeply on Matt right now. Without Matt, she was nobody.
	“Fine. Since you said that it was all set up, we will take the paternity test again. If the result is the same, then you will pay for this.” Matt said furiously.
	Gina was certain that she got rid of the baby, so she nodded.
	“No problem. If you are not the biological father of the baby, I will kill myself!” Gina continued to hold Matt’s leg.
	Matt went to the hospital and the doctors said that the baby was kept safely. Matt asked the doctors to take another paternity test for him.
	Now Gina panicked because Matt was not the biological father of the baby. Back then, she had sex with others and then she regretted. Hearing Amy would marry Matt, she had no choice but to sleep with others.
	“Matt, I can explain this, please.” Gina wouldn’t dare to take a paternity test again.
	“You dared not to take the test, Gina. I was wondering why I’ve been so unlucky lately, and you are the reason. You made me break up with Amy and be with you, and even you brought me bad luck. Seems I have a terrible taste for women.” Matt finished talking, pushed Gina away, and then left.
	Gina fell to the ground and she didn’t know why someone took the paternity test with his own child. In the end, she still believed that Amy did this. ‘She didn’t want me to have a better life, and she was jealous so she set up the whole thing.’
	“Amy, I will get back on you.” Gina was so angry, biting her lips.
	After talking to Cathy, Amy felt much better and went to work. She didn’t want her colleagues to look down on her.
	In a casual look, Amy was in a good mood today.
	She wore a white T-shirt and a blue jean, with the long hair tied up into a ponytail. She looked like a high school student.
	When she walked into the office, it was still early, and many colleagues even didn’t arrive.
	She cleaned the office, and her colleagues gradually came.
	“Amy, come to my office.” Jones looked at Amy, and asked Amy to go to her office.
	Amy took out the rubbish and then went to Mrs. Jones’s office.
	“Amy, do the math yourself. You have worked in the company for only two months, but you asked for a one-month leave. It never happens before. I don’t think you are qualified for the job. Why don’t you just resign?” Mrs. Jones looked at Amy. She believed that Amy had no merits except her beautiful look. She even suspected how she got the job offer before.
	“But, Mrs. Jones, I…” Amy wanted to say something but Mrs. Jones interrupted her.
	“The most important thing for a girl is to have some self-respect. You should not be too complacent about being pretty.”
	Amy knew that Mrs. Jones still wanted her to resign. That was fine. She thought it to work in this company anyway because of the pervert Richard.
	“Fine. I will write a resignation letter.” Amy stopped talking and left.
	After she finished it, she handed it to Mrs. Jones and was ready to leave with her stuff.
	Her colleagues were very happy when they saw Amy leaving. They all came here for Richard. But only Amy managed to get in touch with the president. They all considered her as a shameless slut.
	At the front door, Amy called Hannah.
	“Hannah, I have resigned. You should stay and work hard in the company. I am leaving now.”
	“Amy, where are you? Come to me now. I am not working today because I had a great trouble. Come stay with me,” Hannah said, feeling depressed.
	Hearing this, Amy got on the bus and went straight to Hannah, still holding all her stuff.
	Hannah’s mother opened the door, and she was relieved once seeing Amy.
	“Amy, finally you are here. Hannah’s been in her room since she came home yesterday.” Mrs. Adams took the paper box from Amy.
	“No problem, Mrs. Adams. I will check it out what happened to her.” Amy went to Hannah’s bedroom quickly.
	With a knock at the door, Amy was dragged into the room.
	Hannah hugged Amy and cried out loud. When they were little girls, Hannah seldom cried in front of Amy. But now she burst into tears. Amy was quite confused.
Chapter 40 Unrequited love
	“Honey, what’s going on? Why are you crying? Tell me.” Amy embraced Hannah.
	“Amy, what should I do? What should I do? I met a bastard.” Hannah was sobbing, tears falling down on Amy’s neck.
	“What? Who’s the bastard? But…”Amy wanted to say that Hannah could deal with all kinds of bad guys.
	At the sight of Amy, Hannah felt much better. Amy sat beside her, wiping out her tears.
	“Didn’t you meet Matt that day? And later seeing that you didn’t come to work for a long time, I felt so ashamed so I went for a drink. But I got drunk, and then a masher came, he…” Hannah cried again.
	Amy didn’t know what happened next because Hannah cried out loud before she could finish. Amy was a bit worried.
	“Alright now, what happened next? What did the masher do to you?” Amy asked anxiously.
	“Nothing serious. I slept in his house. Then when I woke up in the morning, he was sleeping beside me, so I slapped him.” Hannah was afraid, for she believed that the man was rich and perhaps would get back on her.
	Amy was speechless. Her intimate friend never got hurt by anyone. But it turned out to be just fine. That man did get hurt. But why was Hannah crying so sadly?
	“So you slapped him, but why are you crying? You frightened your parents.” Amy was relieved.
	“You have no idea. That man’s house was huge and luxurious and I even got lost after I had slapped him and tried to run away. I am afraid that he will get back on me and my family,” Hannah said.
	Amy couldn’t help with this either. In R City, rich and powerful people were actually very scary. She was an ordinary person, so she couldn’t help with this.
	So, they had no idea what to do next, and sat on the bed blankly and silently.
	“Kevin, what’s up with your face? It looks like a handprint.” Richard saw that there was a red mark on Kevin’s white face.
	Kevin took up his cup in a sad look. He sat on the sofa, crossing his legs, and didn’t know what to say.
	Richard put down the pen and studied Kevin’s gloomy face carefully.
	“Let me guess. That day you drove that woman back home, and then you got slapped by her?” Richard was almost right about the whole story but still Richard thought highly of that woman. In R City, no one dared to slap Kevin, but surprisingly, she had the gut to do so.
	“Yes, Richard. Let me tell you. I kindly drove her home, and took care of her all night. In the morning, she slapped me without asking and then ran away.” Kevin touched his face, feeling upset.
	What upset him was - he was too ashamed to ask Richard where this woman was after she ran away.
	“You deserved it. You have a terrible impression in R City. A decent woman will definitely avoid seeing you.” Hearing this, Richard was clear.
	Kevin looked at Richard pitifully. They were childhood buddies. Didn’t Richard really have to be so honest to him?
	“Richard, do me a favor.” Kevin asked after he thought for a while.
	“What?” Richard continued his work.
	“Show me the profiles of all the female staff in HD Group.” Kevin smiled and looked at Richard hopefully.
	“Are you sure that she works at HD Group? Now you even dare to covert the women in my company?” Richard knew Kevin well, and knew that Kevin’s passion for women would not last over three months.
	“Yes, I am pretty sure. Because when I met her at the first time in the lobby of HD Group, she was holding a cup of coffee.” Kevin said urgently.
	“Just forget about her. She is one of my employees, and your passion for her would not last for long. If you break her heart, she will be so sad.” Richard refused Kevin’s request, because Richard had a very bad impression on him.
	“But she slapped me. Why couldn’t I get back on her?” Kevin saw that Richard didn’t want to help, so he decided to make another excuse, because he himself couldn’t know how long he would be interested in her.
	“No way. She is one of my employees, so you can’t get back on her. Since she slapped you, I will buy you a drink tonight.” Richard refused to help again.
	In this way, Kevin had no other choices, so he went back to stay on the sofa.
	Richard was known for his helpfulness to anyone who he cared about. But to Kevin’s surprise, Richard even cared about his employees.
	Kevin sat on the sofa, scratching his face and pondering silently. How did he truly feel about this girl? Why would he think of her all the time when he didn’t meet her?
	He was twenty-eight now, and it was the first time that he had missed a woman, even in his dream.
	“Richard, I think you are right. My feelings for her will not last long. Just forget what I said before. It’s just a woman and I don’t need to get back on her too. We will have that drink tonight, and I will leave now. Shall we invite those two guys too?” Kevin realized that he didn’t like that woman very much.
	“If we invite those two guys, then you pay the bill.” Richard asked Kevin.
	“No way. We had better not invite them,” Kevin said immediately. He needed to go to sleep right now because he didn’t have a good rest last night when he had to take care of that woman.
	“Is it Secretary Department? Ask Amy to come upstairs.” Richard missed Amy suddenly, realizing that she didn’t come home for a few days. And also there was a file for her to translate.
	“Mr. Carter, A…Amy has resigned,” Mrs. Jones stammered.
	“What? What do you mean? Does the HR know about this?” Richard was very angry.
	“She has just resigned not too long ago. I haven’t reported to the HR yet.” Mrs. Jones didn’t know that the president would ask for Amy directly.
	“Has she resigned out of her own free will?” Richard became angrier. The HR would definitely not allow Amy to resign, which was very clear on the contract.
	“Yes, she resigned by herself.” Mrs. Jones thought that since Amy had resigned, it was fine for her to take the blame.
	“Go to the finance department and collect your salary. You are fired!” Hearing Mrs. Jones’s nonsense, Richard fired her directly.
	Richard called Robin but Robin said the Amy didn’t come back home.
	Richard hung up the phone and wondered where she was. As he was not around, was she totally free?
	‘Fine. She must feel upset after being fired. Maybe she went to visit her best friend. Should I give her some gifts to cheer her up?’
Chapter 41 A quarrel at mall
	“Amy, I am so scared. Would you please go shopping with me? Then we get something to eat and I will definitely not drink anymore. I promise. Drinking is troublesome.” Hannah couldn’t stand it anymore, so she wanted to chill out with Amy.
	“No problem. I feel suffocated too. Let’s go.” Amy agreed right away. Lately, she had been very unlucky, so she really needed relax, too.
	“Ok. So let’s go shopping first, then enjoy something delicious, and go to the karaoke at night. What do you think?” Hannah made a plan.
	“You bet!” They agreed.
	“Mom, I am going out with Amy, and I will not have dinner at home tonight.” Hannah said to Mrs. Adams as they packed themselves and was ready to go.
	At the sight of Hannah’s happy face with Amy’s presence, Mrs. Adams felt delighted.
	“Well, enjoy you time, girls.” Mrs. Adams consented quickly.
	So they went out hand in hand quickly. They arrived at the mall and started shopping excitedly.
	“Hey, girls, come have a look at our new arrivals. They just look natural and will be long-lasting on the face all day.” A booth assistant greeted them when they walked bovver to a booth.
	“That’s right! Let’s go wear some makeup. Makeup makes us happy.” Hannah walked into the store with Amy.
	Amy didn’t even know what happened, and then she was seated at the dressing table.
	The booth assistant cleaned Amy’s skin so quickly that Amy couldn’t refuse.
	After one hour, they finished makeup. They looked at each other excitedly. They looked totally different!
	“Wow, Amy, you are so beautiful.” Hannah said with surprise.
	“Hannah, you are very pretty, too, so pretty that I don’t even know how to describe. If I were a man, I would be so into you,” Amy complimented.
	They held hands and praised each other. Hannah finally bought a set of cosmetics.
	They then got to the womenswear area.
	All the clothes here were expensive. Amy saw the high prices and recalled she didn’t have much money, except the bank card Robin gave her.
	“Amy, look at this dress. I think you will look good with it.” Hannah had already chosen a dress for herself, so she was now picking one for Amy.
	Amy looked at the price tag secretively, shaking her head, “One hundred thousand! It’s so expensive. Let’s have another look.” Amy whispered to Hannah.
	“Go try it on. Anyway, I am ready to shop today. Your birthday is coming, so let’s consider it as your birthday gift.” Hannah insisted.
	Amy couldn’t refuse Hannah so she had to try it, but she decided that she would not accept this dress by saying its shortcomings. Then they would go to the Women’s Wear Area downstairs and she was able to afford those dresses.
	After putting on the dress, Amy walked out and saw Hannah’s wide eyes.
	“How does it look? Not good? I know! I am gonna put it off.” Amy misunderstood. As she thought it didn’t looked good, she didn’t need to pick on its shortcomings herself.
	“I will take this dress.” Hannah said to the shop assistant immediately.
	“Hannah, it feels uncomfortable, and I don’t like it.” Amy didn’t want such an expensive dress. Back then, when her family was still rich, she could afford this dress. But now her father needed much money for medical treatments, and she lost her job too, so she couldn’t afford this.
	“But I like it, and I can tell you look so gorgeous in this dress, so let me make the decision.” Hannah decided to buy this dress for Amy.
	“You are now totally different after sleeping with a rich man, Amy. Now you are rich enough to buy such an expensive dress?” a voice sounded behind.
	Amy didn’t even look back, and Hannah rushed to her, “Gina, let me tell you. You are a shameless woman, and you should stop bullying Amy.”
	“Hannah, what are you talking about? When did I bully her and why am I shameless? You should mind your words.” Gina also stood in front of Hannah, and they were blaming each other.
	“You seduced Matt, so you are very, very shameless!” Hannah held her hands on the waist and said to Gina directly.
	“Alright, Hannah, this dress…”
	“The bill please!” Hannah interrupted Amy, and Amy didn’t know how beautiful she looked in the dress, nearly like a fairy.
	Although the dress was indeed expensive, its simple design highlighted her beauty.
	Amy was tall, and she was the perfect fit for the dress. With a slender waist and legs, Amy looked prettier than a model.
	Gina looked at Amy, jealous.
	“You defined me as a shameless woman. Look at Amy. She must have a sugar daddy. Her family was broke, but she could afford this expensive dress now. Can I say she’s just a whore?” Gina pouted.
	Back then, Amy was the richest among them. Gina’s and Hannah’s family was just above average.
	Now Amy’s company went bankrupt, so Gina felt a little superior, but she was defeated by Amy’s confidence.
	“Why do you care? We didn’t steal or rob anything. Let’s go, Amy, and don’t talk to her anymore.” Hannah was about to leave with Amy.
	“Amy, wait! I have something to tell you. Please wait.” At this moment, Matt turned up and came over to Amy.
	Seeing this, Gina felt unhappy, so she stopped him.
	“Matt, didn’t you ask me out, not her? Let’s have a talk upstairs.”
	“Let go! You go first, and I will talk to you later.” Matt was not happy with Gina.
	Gina stared at Amy sharply, and then looked at Matt full of love. But seeing the angry Matt, she dared not to say anything, so she went to a restaurant upstairs.
	“Amy, listen to me. It was a misunderstanding that day, a total misunderstanding,” Matt said to Amy.
Chapter 42 Lucky to meet him
	“Amy, listen to me. That day, I was drunk, and I missed you so much, so I almost did something terrible to you. Please forgive me.” Matt held Amy’s hands tightly.
	He was very close to Amy, smelling the sweet scent from her, which was much sweeter than Gina’s strong perfume. He had such a bad taste on women that he fell in love with Gina back then.
	“Let go of me! Matt, we had no relations now, so please leave me alone.” Amy wanted to escape from him, but Matt held her hands too tightly for Amy to escape.
	“Matt, let go of Amy. She used to love you so, but you hurt her. Now you know you are wrong, but it is too late. Let go or I will beat you!” Hannah saw that the jerk Matt keep holding Amy, so she went to help, but even the two of them were not as strong as Matt.
	“Mr. Wilson, what are you doing here? Your girlfriend went upstairs already, and you are here flirting with another woman. You had better behave yourself in public.” Someone said in a cold but magnetic voice, which shocked Matt. So he loosened his hands and let go of Amy and Hannah.
	“Kevin? Do you have nothing serious to do?” Matt looked at Kevin with distain, considering Kevin as a jobless playboy, so he thought Kevin had no right to judge him.
	“Yes, but why do I think that you also do nothing all day? Matt, you are a man, so please show some respect to these two ladies.” Kevin walked towards them.
	Kevin wanted to buy a present for his mother, and then he had an appointment with Richard. Richard said that he would pay the bill for the drinks.
	However, he heard Hannah talking, and turned around to see that Matt held her and the female secretary of Richard. He felt happy because he met her so easily, and he walked towards them, trying to save her.
	But when Hannah saw him, she ran away quickly.
	“This is my wife, and this is her best friend. Do you have any problems about me talking to them?” Matt weren’t afraid of Kevin.
	“Don’t listen to him. They have got divorced now.” Hannah was going to run away with Amy but hearing Matt lying, she couldn’t help to come back and explain.
	But when she came back, she was held by Kevin.
	Seeing this woman running again, Kevin felt anxious, but this woman came back to explain for her girlfriend, so Kevin would not allow her to run away.
	“Amy, please forgive me. I used to have poor taste on women so I gave you up and fell in love with others. I want to marry you again, and I will cherish you this time.” Watching Amy became so beautiful now, Matt couldn’t wait to woo genuinely.
	They had been in a three-year long relationship, but they didn’t have sex. Even on his wedding day, he listened to Gina, sending Amy to have sex with other man.
	“No, Matt. It was me that had poor taste, and really, you made me understand and I thanked you for this. However, I hoped you can leave me alone from now on.” Amy wanted to leave with Hannah, but Hannah was stopped by Kevin.
	“Let go! Let go of me!” Hannah wanted to kick Kevin on his crotch.
	Kevin stopped her in time and they ended up hugging each other ambiguously.
	Seeing that Kevin was hugging Hannah, Matt walked away by holding Amy together.
	“Matt, I hope you just leave me alone, or I will hate you for this.” Amy actually hated Matt very much now, so she would never get back together with him.
	“Amy, please don’t be mad at me. Let’s have a nice talk calmly.” Matt loosened her when they were alone.
	“Amy, you are the one that I love, and I was cheated by Gina. Honestly, I regret now. Amy, I don’t want to leave you, so let’s get married again.” Matt almost wanted to kneel down before Amy.
	“Matt, I have waited for a long time, but you are here pleasing her. Who do you think I am?” Gina waited so long and didn’t see Matt coming upstairs, so she went downstairs to find him.
	Gina looked at Amy in delicate makeup, feeling so jealous of the slender Amy.
	The day when Amy got married, she bribed the wedding dresser to put terrible makeup on Amy, so that Matt would feel disgusted with Amy.
	But today, Amy wore beautiful makeup, so beautiful that everyone would love her.
	“Amy, didn’t you sleep with the old man? Why would you seduce my husband?” Gina walked towards Amy, and she tried to slap Amy.
	But she was stopped by Matt.
	“Gina, who is your husband? Look, Amy is my wife and we are talking here, so you have no right to cut in. Piss off now.” Matt pushed Gina away hard, and then she fell on the ground.
	“Gina, look at him. This is the man that you tried your best to seduce and I really should thank you for this. If it isn’t because of you, now I am the one that fell on the ground.” Amy was interested seeing them quarreling.
	And all of this made Gina very awkward and embarrassed.
	“Amy, you misunderstood me, and I will never do this to you. I love you most and I will treat you nicely. Really, Amy, please say yes to me. No matter who you slept with, I don’t mind this. Let’s get back together.” Matt was begging Amy.
	“Amy, what are you doing here? I think you should be working at the company right now.” A tall man came in front of Amy, and his strong attitude scared Matt.
	Everyone saw the man with astonishment.
	Matt wanted to run away, because he was hit by this man a few days ago, still terrified.
	“Mr. Wilson, lucky to meet you again!” Richard felt nothing at all to say this to Matt, but Amy felt weird and it seemed that she ran into Richard all the time.
	‘But he shows up almost whenever I am in danger.’
	“Mr. Carter, I still have something to deal with, so I am leaving now. I will ask Amy out next time when I am free. Get up and we are leaving now.” Matt helped Gina stand up, and they left hurriedly.
Chapter 43 Get the Job Back
	Richard had no interest in Matt, but he was really into the beautiful Amy.
	‘This little girl was actually very good-looking, but why were she pouting? She must be bullied by Matt.’
	“Mr. Carter, I think you forget something. I am not employed by HD Group now. I’ve been fired. You can take your time to shop. I am leaving now.” Amy was thinking of her friend Hannah, and Hannah was still in a stalemate with Kevin. She was worried that Hannah would be hurt.
	Amy didn’t want to see Richard because he talked in a very harsh way and Amy felt hurt by it, although he showed up every time to save her from danger, like a superhero.
	“Wait a minute, who fired you? I am the boss of HD Group, so without my consent, no one dared to fire anyone. Take it easy. I am in charge of HD Group, and I will fire the one who fired you. Remember to show up at work tomorrow, and you can relax today.” Richard seemed trying to be nice.
	“I can get back to work tomorrow?” Amy heard that she could get back to work, and she became nice to Richard. In the R City, HD Group had the best salary and employee welfare. She would get a divorce after two years, so she needed to make a living herself, and HD Group was the best choice for her.
	“If you won’t come tomorrow, you will be recorded as absence. Make your own decision now.” Richard looked at Amy’s smooth hair, and he wanted to touch it. It had been a few days since he went home last time, so he or his body, wanted to have sex with her now.
	But he thought that he should control himself, because he had restrained himself for twenty-eight years now, but he was almost out of control today.
	“Sure, Mr. Carter. I will definitely come to work on time tomorrow.” Amy was in a good mood now. After saying this, she went to find Hannah at once, and forgot that she still worn the new dress which she didn’t pay for.
	“Wait!” The shop assistant saw this, and followed Amy.
	“What’s the matter?” Richard asked the shop assistant.
	“Mr. Carter, that lady didn’t pay for the dress.” The shop assistant nodded to Richard.
	“It doesn’t matter. I will pay the bill then and if she comes here to buy clothes in the future, show her the latest dresses and I will pay all the bills. But, don’t let her know that it is me who pays. You guys figure a way out to keep it as a secret.” Richard said and left.
	The shop assistant was very surprised, and was wondering that the lady was not that beautiful, but why would Mr. Carter be fond of her? ‘That lady was so lucky, and I had to gossip with others about this.’
	So she went back into the store happily, and gossiped with her colleagues.
	“You! I took care of you a whole night out of kindness, but you slapped me without reasons, and I meet you now, so you can’t run away from me.” Kevin hugged Hannah tightly.
	Hannah couldn’t loosen herself, so she pretended to be a pitiful girl.
	“It’s my fault and I will apologize for this. I slapped you before so do you want to slap me in return? Slap me then!” Hannah moved her face next to his, eyes closed.
	‘Slap me, and then leave me and my family alone.’ Hannah thought.
	Kevin was angry with her and wanted to laugh. ‘Do I look like a bad person? And even let me slap you back!’
	But Kevin reached out to Hannah’s face, and when he touched her fair skin, he couldn’t help caressing it.
	Hannah felt surprised when Kevin caressed her face with his big warm hand, so she opened her eyes to check.
	“What are you doing?” Hannah was alert.
	“I am slapping you!” Kevin said, and he felt that Hannah’s skin was soft. He wondered what makeup she had been wearing, and what perfume she was wearing, too. It smelt good, and maybe he could ask her about the brand so that he could recommend it to his mom.
	Kevin withdrew his hand reluctantly in the end.
	Once he stopped touching her, Hannah kept a distance from him immediately, “Alright, you just slapped me back and we are even. You should leave me alone from now on.” Hannah was about to leave since she was worried about Amy leaving with that jerk Matt.
	“I want to ask you something. What perfume are you wearing?” Kevin followed her and asked.
	Hannah stopped and turned around, “I never wear perfume!”
	Amy met Hannah on the passage, and they hugged each other tightly as if reuniting after a long separation.
	“What happened? Did he hurt you?”
	“What happened? Did he hurt you?”
	They asked the same questions and looked at each other with concerns.
	“No, I am fine.” They couldn’t explain in details so they answered briefly.
	Seeing that nothing happened, Amy and Hannah wanted to grab something to eat to calm themselves down.
	“Richard, I think that they are very fun.” Not far away, Richard and Kevin looked at the two ladies jealously. They were really good friends and cared about each other very much.
	“Didn’t you want me to buy you a drink? Let’s go.” Richard felt better because he ordered Amy to go back to work. In this way, he believed his life would become cheerful and bright again.
	Amy brought all her stuff back to HD Group the next day, and she came very early because she didn’t want to draw any attention from her colleagues.
	After organizing all the things neatly, she began to clean the office.
	Feeling happy about going back to HD Group, she couldn’t help singing a song while sweeping and cleaning.
	At this moment, some colleagues were coming one by one and they felt surprised to see Amy here.
	Who was supporting Amy behind her back? Mrs. Jones, who had been working in the company for ten years, was fired because of Amy. How astonishing! So they realized they should treat her nicely now.
	However, someone just ignored this and wanted to bully Amy. She was Zoe, whose family was rich in R City, so she always looked down upon others, including Amy.
	“Look! How hard she is working! Sweeping? Stop putting on a show. It’s disgusting.” Zoe walked towards Amy, and said evilly. She put her handbag on her desk, and looked at Amy with her arms crossed.
	Amy continued sweeping, and she didn’t answer Zoe. To be honest, she didn’t know what to say, so she thought she might as well ignore Zoe.
	But Zoe wouldn’t let her go easily, and she was pissed off seeing Amy didn’t reply. So she walked towards Amy and left many dirty footprints on the clean floor on purpose.
Chapter 44 Not my fault
	Seeing the dirty footprints on the clean floor, Amy took a deep breath and chose to ignore Zoe. And she went back and cleaned the dirty floor again.
	“Well done! You are really good at playing nice. But I believe that some day, you will expose your true face. I warn you. Don’t ever try to seduce Mr. Carter. He has a girlfriend.” Zoe saw Amy being silent, so she felt bored and gave up bullying Amy.
	After Amy cleaned the floor, almost all colleagues arrived in the office. So Amy went back to her seat and began working.
	Since Mrs. Jones was fired, there was no officially nominated director in the Secretary Department yet. Zoe was more experienced so she acted as a director temporarily.
	Zoe sorted out the work and knew what work was tricky and hard to finish. She was going to arrange all these difficult work to Amy.
	‘Humph, she is an excellent graduate, right? Since she is so good, she must be the best employee here. Of course she should take over the work that others can’t do.’
	“Amy, this is the work for you today. Finish it before you get off work.” Zoe was holding a pile of files and put them on Amy’s table.
	Amy skimmed through all the files, and thought that it was impossible she could finish it today.
	“Zoe, I can’t finish it before getting off work.” Amy said to Zoe honestly.
	“If so, just go to the Human Resource Department and tell them that you aren’t qualified for the job and you want to resign.” Zoe was very arrogant.
	However, Amy was not a coward. If someone treated her nicely, she would be friendly in return, but if someone picked on her deliberately, she would just fight back.
	“Zoe, you are wrong about this. Even you, an experienced secretary, won’t be able to finish all the work within one day, let alone a new comer like me. You are picking on me purposely, so I will not accept these work.” Amy pushed all the files away.
	“Everyone, listen to her! I am in charge now and I just gave Amy some work. But she not only refused the work, but also spoke ill of me. That’s absurd and I won’t allow this to happen!” Zoe was shocked that Amy had the courage to refuse her in public.
	Zoe was very angry, yet other colleagues in this department was praising Amy secretly.
	Zoe always bullied others in the department since she was more experienced, and sometimes even Mrs. Jones had to follow her instructions. But today, Amy dared to contradict her, which cheered everyone up!
	“It’s not my fault and you went too far. It is very obvious that no one can finish the work in one day, yet you still ordered me to do so. I just told you the truth in advance. To be precise, it takes at least three days to finish the work.” Amy said to Zoe.
	“Very well, then I will report this to the Human Resource Department. You are so bold and rude as a new comer. Maybe you should be the acting director, not me!” Zoe turned around and left angrily.
	It seemed that Zoe was really heading to the Human Resource Department. A nice colleague came to Amy, trying to comfort her.
	“Amy, Zoe is a senior employee here, and it is said that she is also a relative of Mr. Carter’s girlfriend. I guess in this case, you have to leave now.”
	Amy felt so unlucky today. On her first day of returning to work, something bad happened to her. She already tried her best to avoid trouble. But it was impossible for her to finish this work in one day. She had to tell the truth.
	While Amy was upset, Zoe came back with excitement.
	“Amy, Mr. Carter asked you to meet him upstairs.” Zoe believed that she could easily get Amy fired because of her connection with Allison.
	‘Oh, shit! I just got my job back yesterday, and today I was caught in trouble again. How unlucky I am!’
	All the colleagues in the office looked at Amy sympathetically, thinking that she was so poor, and she would be fired even though she was nice to clean the floor in the morning.
	Amy held her head high, pretending to be calm and brave even if she was worried to get fired.
	It was very quiet on the 30th floor, and the door of Mr. Carter’s office was half-closed. She knocked, and no one answered, so she opened the door carefully and tried to peek inside.
	“Can’t you just come in?”
	Just when Amy was about to leave since she found that there was no one inside, she heard Richard’s voice from behind her back, which startled her so much that she hit the door on her head.
	“You almost scared me to death! Can’t you speak properly?” Amy covered her head and almost cried in pain.
	“What are you saying?” Richard looked at Amy confusedly. She seemed to be really in pain and her eyes turned red immediately. But he thought she actually looked quite cute in this way.
	“Mr. Carter, I mean I am so happy to see you. Please allow me to open the door for you.” Amy suddenly realized that she was here to get fired, so she endured all the pain and opened the door for Richard.
	Once Richard came in, he pulled Amy inside and closed the door considerately.
	“Mr. Carter, please listen to me. I can explain what happened in the morning, and it was not my fault. Please let me explain.” Amy thought that Richard was mad at her and wanted to scold her.
	“Sit down here, and wait a minute.” Richard left after he ordered Amy to sit on the sofa.
	Amy was rubbing her forehead in pain. Her forehead seemed to swell slightly since she could feel a bump there.
	Soon, Richard came back with the ointment in his hand. He walked towards Amy and took a closer look at her. There was indeed a red bump on the center of her forehead. However, it looked so funny that Richard couldn’t help laughing.
	He applied some ointment on her forehead, and she felt cold and relieved there.
	“Mr. Carter, this ointment is very useful! I don’t feel the pain anymore.” Amy praised Richard.
	“Very well. Now let’s talk about what happened in the morning!” Richard said seriously.
Chapter 45 Work with me then
	After applying the ointment, Richard became very serious. Now he needed to talk about what happened in the morning with Amy.
	“So, tell me. What exactly happened in the morning? Why did Zoe say that you didn’t respect her and even refused her arrangement?” Richard was sitting close to Amy, which made Amy feel a little anxious.
	“Well, in the morning...” Amy told Richard everything in detail.
	After all, she already told the truth. If Richard didn’t believe her, there was no point in arguing.
	“Even though you have a problem with her arrangement, you can talk to her politely. You don’t have to scold her.” Richard said.
	“Mr. Carter, I swear to God. I didn’t scold her at all, and I am a nice and polite lady. When have I ever scolded anyone?” Amy raised her voice, feeling wronged.
	“Fine, I will look into this. But I’m worried about you since you always get yourself in trouble. Now, pack all your stuff and work here then. It is very spacious here.” Richard frowned.
	What? Working under his watch! Amy heard this and thought she was going to die.
	“No, don’t bother, Mr. Carter. I didn’t make a mistake. I came to the company very early. I even cleaned the office. I had no idea why this happened, and I didn’t say anything impolite to Zoe. I don’t even know why Zoe picked on me.”
	Amy was trying her best to stay from working near Richard, because it was a lot better working downstairs. Although there were some unfriendly people downstairs, it was merrier to be working around many colleagues. If she worked near Richard and faced his stern face every day, she would be living in the hell.
	“Look at you now. I just made a proposal and you retorted with so many words now. You just refused Zoe’s arrangement and you still want to go back there? No way, you must come here, and I will be in charge of your work personally.” Richard didn’t give Amy the choice to refuse.
	Now Amy thought she was doomed. Working upstairs near Mr. Carter, she would be very painful and suffering Richard’s harsh words every minute.
	“Now you may leave. You still have much work to do. Don’t be lazy,” Richard said quite calmly.
	Now Amy had no choice. She had to go downstairs to get her stuff.
	Once Amy walked into the Secretary Department, she heard Zoe talking happily, asserting that Mr. Carter would take her side and Amy was fired.
	Seeing Amy walking in, everyone suddenly became quiet. No one was talking and all turned to Amy curiously.
	While Amy didn’t say anything. She just walked to her seat and began to pack.
	“Humph, look at yourself. I told you not to step in my way. But you won’t listen. You just got your job back and now you got fired. How are you feeling now?” Zoe walked towards Amy and said very complacently.
	While Amy focused on packing unhappily, without answering Zoe.
	“Next time, learn to be smart and more careful. You should know who you are dealing with or someone will laugh at you if you get fired again.” Zoe said loudly on purpose. She wanted to humiliate Amy before everyone.
	“Who is Zoe?” Someone showed up and asked.
	“It’s me and you are?” Zoe walked to the doorway. But she didn’t know who he was.
	“I am Kent from Human Resources Department. Mr. Carter ordered that you should take over all work you gave Amy, and you should finish it before getting off work. If you can’t, you should resign. By the way, Mr. Carter ordered me to take some photos of the files for him. He wants to know the workload.”
	The next minute, Kent walked in and came to Amy’s seat. He took some photos of all the files on Amy’s table.
	“Kent, please listen to me. I can never finish all the work by myself in one day. It’s unreasonable. Mr. Carter shouldn’t give such an order. Do we have some misunderstanding?” Knowing that Mr. Carter gave this order, Zoe was frightened at once.
	“What are you saying? As a senior and experienced employee, you couldn’t even finish these work yourself, but you ordered Amy to do it in one day. Zoe, now I’m telling you. You have violated the basic principle of HD Group: We cannot bully or oppress a new employee. By the way, Mr. Carter has faith that you are able to finish all the work yourself. So, good luck.” Kent said calmly and left quickly.
	The next second, Kent stopped and turned around, “Amy, speed up. Mr. Carter is waiting.”
	“Yes, I got it.” Amy was happy now. It seemed that Mr. Carter was very nice and brilliant. He trusted her and helped her out of trouble. Well, now she had a better impression of Mr. Carter than before.
	“Didn’t you get fired, Amy?” Zoe felt confused.
	“No, I didn’t. Mr. Carter thinks that I am a nice and kind person, so he ordered me to work upstairs under his direct supervision.” Amy walked past Zoe, holding all her stuff.
	Holy shit! Zoe went furious. What was wrong with Richard? Why did he defend Amy? Did he still love Allison or not? Then she took out her phone, planning to ask Allison for help. Allison was the only one who could help her now.
	While Amy went to Richard’s office with all her stuff. She put all her stuff on the desk.
	While she was organizing, she felt like that something was missing in this office.
	All the colleagues in the Secretary Department were female, and they all decorated their space with some flowers.
	But Richard’s office was very huge in just two colors: black and white. The wall was white, the floor was white, and the furniture was black.
	People would feel dull and vapid here.
	Amy sat down and took a look, finding that Richard was very busy with his table full of piles of files.
	Only God knew whether he felt tired and stressed when he looked at all those files. But it was true that a man focused on working was the most handsome.
	Richard was very handsome. His prominent nose, soft lips, and his black hair. He was even more handsome than some superstars!
	“How much longer will you stare at me? You’d better hurry up. Because now I have some work for you!” Richard didn’t even look up, and he already noticed that Amy was staring at him. What he said made Amy embarrassed and blush.
Chapter 46 What Did Mary Say to You
	Amy was looking at Richard secretively and was even caught by him, so she was very embarrassed now. ‘What is wrong with me? I am married! Although we will get a divorce in the end, at least for now, I am still married. I shouldn’t watch another man for such a long time.’
	Amy stopped looking at him and calmed herself down. Then she walked towards Richard, seeing him as a pig in her mind.
	“Now you work in my office. You should be in charge of all the files handed in by everyone, and then sort them out for me. In this way, my working efficiency will be improved. Also, you need to do some translation for me.” Richard thought that would be all for her, just for now.
	“No problem.” Amy said.
	“By the way, I like coffee and tea, so in the morning, prepare a cup of coffee for me, and in the rest of the day, several cups of tea will be fine. Also, you need to buy me my lunch, too.” While thinking, Richard arranged Amy some other work.
	“No problem.” Amy said again.
	Then Richard focused on his work, and Amy kept standing for a while. Seeing that Richard had done talking with her, she wondered what she should do now.
	It was not the right time for Richard to drink coffee, so should she offer him a cup of tea then? Amy took a look at Richard’s table, and there was no tea, so she turned around to the tea room and made some tea for him.
	It was noon now, but Amy had many questions about Richard’s dining habits. Where did he want to have lunch, at the restaurant or in the office? What kind of food did he like? There were a lot of questions.
	No one could help Amy so she had to ask Richard in person.
	“Mr. Carter, what do you want to have for your lunch? Should I buy the lunch for you or do you get downstairs to have lunch?” Amy asked carefully.
	“I have been busy working all the morning. Let’s have lunch together downstairs and we don’t need to go to the staff canteen. We can have lunch at a small restaurant, where the food is very tasty. I like it very much.” Hearing that it was time to have lunch, Richard stopped working and looked up.
	“Mr. Carter, maybe it is better for me to have lunch at the staff canteen, alone.” Amy didn’t want to have lunch with Richard. Now everyone gossiped that Mr. Richard ordered her to work near him. If she had lunch with him, there would be more rumors all over the company.
	“What is your job then?” Richard was not mad, but asked Amy calmly.
	“Your secretary.” Amy looked down and answered.
	Richard didn’t say anything, and he stood up, and passed by Amy to the door. He saw that Amy didn’t follow him, so he said to her. “You are just working here, so don’t overthink.” After saying, he left.
	‘That’s right. I am his secretary, and that is my job duty. I shouldn’t overthink, and I have no feeling for Mr. Carter at all.’
	Amy felt relieved in her mind, so she followed Mr. Carter to go downstairs.
	It was indeed a small restaurant but it was very clean with few people in it. Amy walked into the restaurant, following Richard.
	“Richard, long time no see. Here, sit down please. Your favorite seat.” The hostess saw Richard coming so she welcomed him very warmly.
	“Mary, I will take my seat and my dishes, like before.” Richard said to Mary.
	Mary looked at Amy, smiling suddenly.
	Amy smiled back to Mary, and she whispered something to Amy warmly before she left to get the dishes ready.
	Amy heard it and blushed. When she was going to say something, Mary left already, so she had to walk towards a booth with Richard.
	Amy was too awkward to look at Richard, so she started to observe the layout of the restaurant.
	Just at this moment, Amy realized that this small restaurant was very beautiful.
	The overall layout was very antique, like an ancient house, with primitive simplicity and elegance. The chairs and the tables were made by rattan, delicate and beautiful.
	Amy loved it instantly, and Mary came back with dishes very quickly. Mary’s clothes were also like ancient dresses, so the whole restaurant brought the guests to the ancient times.
	“Here you are. Enjoy! If you need anything, tell me anytime. By the way, an extra dessert is on the house, coming right away.” Mary said and then left.
	The dishes smelled very tasty.
	“Enjoy! The dishes here are very good.” Richard started having lunch.
	Amy began eating because she was very hungry today, and also, sweet and sour ribs were her favorite, so she kept eating that.
	“Have some vegetables.” Richard saw that Amy only had meat but no vegetable.
	Thinking back, his ex-girlfriend always had only a few vegetables for dinner, so Richard thought that all the girls preferred vegetables.
	But now, was Amy a normal girl? Her lips were oily and she had lunch very quickly, so Richard stopped eating to look at Amy, who was still enjoying her lunch.
	When Amy almost finished her lunch, she found out that Richard didn’t eat at all! And she ate all the dishes up, except the vegetable soup.
	“Mr. Carter, why don’t you have the dishes? You don’t like them?” Amy said, and in the meantime, she began having the dessert.
	Richard ignored her, thinking that as a lady, Amy was very unbelievable to eat so much food.
	Richard started to have the vegetable soup.
	After paying the bill, Amy was very satisfied, touching her own round and full belly.
	“Mr. Carter, you are so nice picking this restaurant. The dishes are very delicious, and I will come here next time!” Amy thought that Hannah hadn’t come here before, and they had a similar taste on food, so Hannah would definitely love this restaurant too, like she did.
	Well, Richard thought that Amy was inviting him to come here next time, so he was happy.
	They walked back to HD Group slowly, and there were not so many people at noon because they were resting.
	They went into the elevator, and Amy pushed the elevator button to go to 30th floor, leaning against the wall. At this moment, Richard asked her a question.
	“What did Mary say to you?”
Chapter 47 Alas, My Life
	Amy was shocked when Richard suddenly asked what Mary said to her.
	Amy was so surprised and her face turned red immediately.
	“Nothing, she told me to enjoy the dishes.” Amy lied, because she didn’t dare not to repeat what Mary said.
	“Fine.” Richard said and didn’t say anything.
	While Amy was looking at him secretively. She thought that Richard didn’t seem to be mad, so she was relieved, thinking that Richard believed her.
	Amy didn’t have much work today, and no one sent files here. Richard was busy doing all the work submitted by others yesterday, so she had no work today. Therefore, Amy was talking to Hannah online.
	Hannah knew that Amy was ordered to work on 30th floor by Richard, and she was so worried, because everyone knew that Mr. Carter was very strict. So she was afraid that Amy would get hurt.
	However, Amy said that she was fine, and she was quite free and comfortable up here, with little work to do.
	Hannah also told her what happened to Zoe, saying that someone was watching Zoe to finish all the work. And Zoe was asked to finish all the work today, or she needed to quit the job. After saying this, Hannah couldn’t help laughing.
	However, hearing this, Amy was not that happy. Mrs. Jones was fired because of her, and if Zoe got fired too, more rumors against her would come out.
	They kept talking, and then Hannah invited Amy to her home, saying that Mrs. Adams made some delicious food today, and she invited Amy to have dinner.
	Hearing that it was Mrs. Adams who invited her, Amy said yes immediately, because Mrs. Adams was a great cook. Amy enjoyed having dinner in the Adams’ house since she was a little girl.
	Finally, it was time to get off work, but Amy saw that her boss Richard was still working, so it would be irresponsible for her to leave now.
	She looked at Richard for several times, but he kept working.
	“Mr. Carter, it’s time to get off work now. Shall I leave now?” Amy was urged by Hannah several times.
	It had been half an hour since the off-work time.
	“You are leaving?” Richard heard that Amy was going to leave, and he realized that it was time to get off.
	“Yes, it’s time to get off now. Mr. Carter, take care, and shall I leave now?” It was the first day for Amy to work here, so she thought that it was the best for her to ask before leaving.
	“Fine, you can leave now.” Richard wanted to say something, but he didn’t say it in the end.
	Hearing that she could leave now, Amy disappeared as quickly as she could.
	When Richard remembered to take Amy to see whether Zoe had finished all the work, Amy had already gone.
	Hannah drove Amy back to her home in no time.
	Amy’s mother went missing many years ago, so since she was a little girl, Amy had had dinner in the Adams’ house many times, and she considered Mrs. Adams as her own mother.
	Going into the house, they saw Andy, and he smiled when he saw Amy and Hannah coming home.
	“You are back! That was quick.” Andy greeted them.
	“Andy, you are here, too. That is great, and we can have a great drink at home without any worries. Amy, stay and sleep here tonight, and we can have a long talk.” Hannah loved to have fun, so she wanted Amy to stay.
	“I need to make a call to see whether I can stay or not.” Amy wanted to stay too, so she called Robin at once.
	“Amy, you are married now, so I think you can enjoy yourself out there, but it is better for you to come home every night. You can take your time, and I will pick you up whenever you like.” Robin declined Amy’s request.
	Amy had to admit that it was reasonable for her to go home because she was indeed married.
	“I guess that you can’t stay here tonight, right? It doesn’t matter, and we can enjoy ourselves right now, and then Andy or I will drive you home.” Hannah saw that Amy was not happy, so she knew that Amy couldn’t stay.
	Actually Robin’s request was totally reasonable. After all, Amy indeed married and her husband paid for the medical treatment of her father. So she needed to follow his orders.
	Mrs. Adams cooked lots of dishes, and everyone loved them. Even Mr. Adams served his precious wine and everyone was very happy.
	Mrs. Adams and Mr. Adams finished their dinner, and went for a walk.
	And the three of them continued drinking and eating.
	“Amy, stop drinking now. If you are not happy, you can talk to me, because we are best friends.” Hannah saw that Amy didn’t say anything, so she wanted to cheer Amy up.
	“That’s right, Amy. Talk to us. We are all friends.” Andy also saw that Amy was not happy.
	“Alright. You know that I wanted to work in HD Group very much, but now I am considering whether I am unlucky to work in HD Group. I haven’t worked there for long, and I already asked for leaves several times. Someone wanted to fire me, and in return she got fired instead, so now I feel very awkward in company.” Amy said.
	“Amy, you are thinking too much now. Someone picked on you deliberately and got fired instead, and you should be happy about this. Why bother?” Hannah didn’t understand Amy.
	“But the whole company is gossiping about me, and they see me as a whore, but I didn’t do anything wrong, and I don’t know what happened either.” Amy said and then drank a cup of wine.
	Andy stopped her, so Amy only drank half a cup.
	“Andy.” Amy looked at Andy, feeling wronged.
	She wanted to marry Andy so much but he was sent abroad by his family, so she hadn’t heard from him for so many years.
	Even seeing him now, she felt a little excited.
	“Amy, Hannah is right. You shouldn’t overthink now, and you should wait and see what will happen later. Now it is not a big deal, so you should just ignore it, and we can discuss about it when something serious really happens.” Andy looked at Amy deeply.
	“Really? I can ignore it?” Amy was a little drunk, and she was dizzy now.
	She drank another glass of wine, and then she got totally drunk.
	Amy fell on the table, sleeping.
Chapter 48 Allison Was Coming Back
	Amy was very drunk, and Hannah, too. But Hannah was better than her and was trying to help Amy get up.
	Andy saw this and sent Hannah back to her room. Then he wanted to lift Amy to sleep beside Hannah.
	Right at this moment, Amy’s phone rang.
	Andy saw that it was Robin calling, and he didn’t want to pick up the phone, but Robin kept calling.
	So he had to answer the phone.
	“Madam, have you finished your dinner? I am waiting downstairs now.” Robin saw that the phone was finally answered, so he thought that it was Amy and he said immediately.
	“She is drunk, and I will take her downstairs now.” Andy heard that Robin called Amy Madam, and although he didn’t know what happened, he sent Amy downstairs very gently.
	“Thank you a lot. Please sent her down.” Hearing a nice male voice, Robin was surprised. Amy was drunk with a man?!
	Andy lifted Amy downstairs, and he saw a luxurious black car in a distance.
	Robin saw Andy lifting Amy as well, and Andy was as handsome as his master, so Robin felt nervous now. He walked to them hurriedly and lifted Amy himself.
	“Thanks a lot.” Robin lifted Amy and put her into the car.
	Andy didn’t say anything, and no one knew what he was thinking. Looking at the car, he felt unhappy, and the word ‘Madam’ hurt him especially.
	Seeing the car leaving, Andy didn’t go home. ‘What happened to you, Amy?’
	When he came back from abroad, he heard from Hannah that Matt cheated on Amy, and they got a divorce the next day.
	He was thinking that it was the perfect time for him to come back. But now, Amy married a stranger. He knew that this stranger offered money for the medical treatment of Amy’s father, and of course he also had enough money for the medical treatment. But before he had the chance to tell Amy about this, Amy got married.
	“Andy, what are you doing here?” After a walk, Mrs. Adams and Mr. Adams went back and saw Andy standing there silently, so they walked towards him.
	“Mrs. Adams, I just sent Amy. And it is late now, so I am going to go home. I will visit you next time when I am free.” Andy looked at his watch, and it was indeed late now, and he still needed to go to work.
	“Alright, Andy, come and have dinner with us when you are free. We welcome you a lot!” Mrs. Adams sighed.
	Andy’s family wanted him to be in charge of Baker Group, but Andy wanted to be a doctor. In order to be a doctor, he had a big quarrel with his father, and they reached a deal in the end.
	“I know, Mrs. Adams, I will come visit you if I have time. I still have a night shift, so I am leaving now.” Andy said goodbye to them.
	*****
	Richard saw Amy who was very drunk now. ‘Amy is so bad at drinking, and she got drunk easily, but her rosy cheeks look very attractive.’
	Suddenly, Amy got hold of Richard’s hand, “Mom, don’t leave me. Don’t leave me and dad.” Amy put Richard’s hand on her breast, tightly.
	Then she cried, very sadly.
	Richard wanted to get away. But once he touched her soft breast, he was turned on. Richard hadn’t been home for a few days because he restrained himself from being attracted by Amy.
	He told himself that it was a two-year marriage, and he married her just to stop his family from urging him to get married.
	But now things were out of control, and he couldn’t control himself once seeing Amy.
	Looking at Amy, Richard found that she was totally different from Allison. Allison was an elegant lady in all ways, but Amy, she was just an ordinary person, not elegant at all. But why would he like her?
	‘Impossible! I should stop coming back to her.’ He became more and more addicted to the sex with Amy, and he must stop this.
	The moment Richard turned round and left, his phone was ringing.
	It was Kevin calling.
	“Richard, good news! Allison is coming back.”
	“What? Allison is coming back? Why will she come back a year earlier? That is so quick.” Hearing Allison coming back soon, Richard was surprised.
	“I don’t know why, but she quit the competition suddenly to come back and it is such a pity because she had been preparing for the competition for so many years.” Kevin felt regretful for Allison.
	“But why? Nothing seems to happen to her family or her. Let’s wait and see.” Richard was feeling very complicated now.
	If he heard the news earlier, he would be very happy. But now, he was not that happy, not as happy as he had imagined.
	“Fine. You must be extremely happy about this. Look at you! You can’t even speak in your usual way.” Kevin grew up with Richard and Allison, so he knew that Richard loved Allison very much.
	But Allison was very passionate about dancing, so when they were going to get married, she decided to pursue dancing and left Richard.
	It had been three years since she left, and Allison didn’t contact Richard at all. But Richard asked Kevin to pay close attention to her all time.
	Allison had prepared for so many years for the competition next year, but suddenly she gave up.
	Richard was very restless and he didn’t know what he should do at all.
	At night, he left the villa, and he went to a bar to have a drink because he had nowhere to go.
	The next morning, Amy still felt a little dizzy, and she got up in great difficulties when the alarm was ringing.
	At this moment, someone was knocking at the door.
	Amy opened the door and saw Robin, who was taking some medicine to her.
	“Madam, Mr. Carter ordered me to bring you some medicine, and it can ease your dizziness from the hangover.” She was supposed to take the medicine last night with Richard’s help. But he didn’t know what happened to Richard since he left immediately after picking up the phone.
Chapter 49 Richard Caught Amy
	Amy looked at the medicine soup, and she was quite thirsty now, so she reached to it and drank it all.
	“It tasted good, and do you have more?” Amy wiped her mouth, and she felt better after drinking this soup-like medicine. Or she would need to ask for a leave from work today.
	“Yes, I do. You can come downstairs to have more.” It was the first time that Robin had seen someone asking for more medicine.
	“No problem.” Amy felt very well now, and she walked to the restroom, looking at herself from the mirror. Her face was red, the color of an apple, and she thought that she maybe had a fever.
	‘No way.’ Seeing red face, everyone would think that she was still drunk. So she put a thick makeup on her face and now her face was not red anymore. But she didn’t know that she looked very pale now with her face extremely white.
	After this, Amy put on a pink dress, and tied her hair into a ponytail. Now she looked very cold and strict.
	She went downstairs, and Robin was frightened by her face, but he dared not to say anything, because he thought that maybe this was in fashion now. He never understood what the young people loved.
	“Amy, do you still go to work today?” Robin asked carefully.
	He saw that Amy couldn’t even walk straight, so he was worried about her.
	“Yes. I can’t ask for one more leave now, and it’s not easy for me to get this job.” Amy said. Because of her, two people were fired, and the whole company now must be gossiping.
	“That is right, and it is good for you to continue working.” Robin thought that Amy was a nice lady who had her own ambition.
	After the breakfast, Amy went to work by bus on her own. As usual, she got off the bus earlier, so she could walk to HD Group.
	She went into the office right on time, but very weirdly, Richard seemed to be late today.
	‘Mr. Carter didn’t show up today, and he’s always right on time. So why was he late for work?’
	Amy cleaned the office, and also made a cup of coffee for him, but he still didn’t show up.
	Amy was bored, and she had no work to do because of Richard’s absence, so she was walking around the office freely.
	“Amy, come! I brought you some snacks!” Hannah talked to Amy at the front door.
	She brought a huge pack of snacks for Amy, but she couldn’t tell Amy that all these snacks were sent by Andy. Andy gave them a pack of snacks, respectively.
	“Wow, those are my favorite! Thank you, Hannah.” Amy took all the snacks happily.
	“Amy, do you want to come and visit the Sales Department? I heard that Mr. Carter would not come to work today, because his ex-girlfriend was coming back from abroad. They broke up three years ago. So, Mr. Carter is going to win her back. You know, his ex-girlfriend! Maybe they are making out in bed now.” Hannah shared this rumor with Amy.
	Amy heard that Mr. Carter’s ex-girlfriend was coming back, and she suddenly felt unhappy.
	“Let’s go, Amy.” Hannah didn’t realize what Amy was feeling.
	Amy also stopped herself from being unhappy, and it had nothing to do with her even if Mr. Carter’s girlfriend came back. Why would she feel unhappy?
	“Alright, let’s go then. I have no work to do right now.” Amy shook her head, and then followed Hannah to the Sales Department.
	There was only one female employee in the Sales Department. Three men versus one woman. So all men agreed that as long as it was a lady, she must be a pretty lady.
	When Amy came to the Sales Department with Hannah, all the men in this department were excited.
	Someone was passing by Amy on purpose, smelling the sweet scent from her and feeling satisfied.
	Also someone gave her something to eat, his precious snacks.
	Seeing this, Amy and Hannah were laughing at them.
	They were all young, so they became familiar after talking and joking, and they realized that they had such a good time that they wanted to invite Amy to some parties.
	But Amy kept thinking what kind of woman Mr. Carter’s ex-girlfriend was, and Mr. Carter was a great person, so his girlfriend must be great, too. She was so jealous now.
	Thinking of that, Amy felt crazy. Why would she keep thinking of Mr. Carter? He was way out of her league.
	Let alone that she was married, and although her husband hadn’t come home for a long time, she still had the contract to be his wife for one more year.
	“Amy, have a cup of coffee. These coffee was bought by Mark especially for us. And he paid a lot today!” Hannah gave a cup of coffee to Amy, who was absent-minded.
	“Thanks.” Amy said, and she drank it immediately, but it was too hot for her.
	“Amy, are you single? Look around! Do you like any of us? If you do, tell us now!” It was a brave man, and he was trying to ask Amy out.
	Hearing this, Amy and Hannah laughed.
	“Too late now! Amy was not single, and maybe you can wait in line.” Hannah said to that man in a funny way.
	And then came another burst of laughter.
	Suddenly, the laughter stopped, and a man stood by the door. Everyone dared not to say anything.
	“Amy, I think you should know where your office is.” Richard said coldly.
	All the people in the Sales Department were frightened, so they kept silent.
	Richard saw a man whose arm was behind Amy’s chair, and he felt very uncomfortable.
	“Mr. Carter, you are back. I am coming back to the office right now.” Amy put down the coffee and stood up hurriedly, while Richard looked around the people and left.
	“Oh my god, Amy, it’s my fault. Now Mr. Carter found that you were not in the office, so he will definitely punish you for this.” Hannah knew that Mr. Carter was very strict to Amy.
	“That is fine. I am leaving now, and I will come visit you next time.” Amy said goodbye to others.
	“Amy, be careful. Just keep silent no matter what Mr. Carter said. Hopefully in this way, he will not be so mad.” Everyone was worried about Amy, while Amy was very happy to see that so many people cared about her.
	“I know. Thanks, and bye.” Amy said goodbye again and then left in a hurry. But she bumped into someone outside the department.
Chapter 50 Allison’s Trick
	Amy bumped into someone around the corner, and she felt painful on her head. She rubbed her head and pushed the man slightly, but he didn’t move at all.
	“What are you doing here? To get in my way?” Amy couldn’t help yelling at him. But when she found out who he was, she immediately said in a gentle and soft voice.
	“Mr. Carter, it was my fault. Did you get hurt?” After saying, Amy pretended to check Richard.
	“No, go back to the office now.”
	‘Oh, she cares about me.’ Richard felt quite pleased with her care.
	“No problem.” Amy followed Richard obediently, and they went back to the President Office on the 30th floor.
	When Amy opened the door, there was a pretty lady with the long hair reading the newspaper.
	“Miss. Miller, go and get a cup of tea for Allison.” Richard said to Amy.
	‘So I am asked to be here and to serve his ex-girlfriend.’ But since she was paid by him, it was totally reasonable for her to serve the guests.
	Amy went to the tea room and made some tea for Allison.
	When Allison heard someone coming in, she looked up and saw a young girl. But she didn’t know why this young girl put heavy makeup and painted her own face white.
	Allison also noticed that Richard had feelings for this young girl.
	“Allison, please help yourself. I need to do some work and then we can have lunch together. You must be tired after the long trip. So after lunch, I will drive you home to get some rest.” Richard had already made a plan.
	Allison was smiling gently, and she was a delicate young lady well-known in R City, with elegance and gentleness.
	“No problem. Thank you.” Allison said softly.
	But she was anxious. If it weren’t for Zoe’s call, Allison would have still thought confidently that Richard would be there for her forever no matter how long she had been away.
	But now, it seemed that Zoe was right. Richard started to have feelings for another lady now. But she wouldn’t allow that because Richard would be hers no matter what.
	Amy made a cup of tea and gave it to Allison. Allison hated Amy in her mind, but she smiled and took the cup.
	“Oh!” That cup of tea was poured to Amy’s hands, and Amy didn’t see this coming, so her hands turning red immediately, burnt by hot water. Both Amy and Allison screamed.
	“Richard, I am so sorry. Oh, poor her. Look at her hands now. Did she get hurt?” Allison looked very guilty.
	Richard heard the screams, and he saw that the hot water was poured to Amy’s hands. Oh no, Amy was hurt just a few days earlier.
	Richard stood up, looking at Amy’s red hands. She was about to cry in pain but she didn’t cry at last.
	“You should be more careful.” Richard wanted to send her to hospital, but Allison was still here, so he ordered his assistant to take her to hospital.
	“Richard. I made a big mistake right after I came back from abroad, and it’s so nice of you to forgive me.” Allison leaned and hugged Richard sweetly.
	While Amy was leaving the office, she heard that, too. But she did not cry, and she knew that Allison poured the water to her deliberately. However, she couldn’t explain it because Richard would not believe her.
	Richard needed to stay with Allison, but he was worried about Amy, so he asked Kevin to go to hospital to take care of Amy.
	“Amy, what are you thinking?” asked Kevin.
	Amy watched the doctor applying ointment to her hands, and she didn’t move at all.
	“I was thinking whether my hands would get better or not.” Amy looked at her hands, so red that they were going to desquamate.
	“Of course you will get better. You have the best ointment here and your hands will get better than before. Just relax now.” Kevin believed Amy was really worried about this so he comforted her.
	‘I’m such a good friend. To help Richard catch up with his girlfriend, I came here to take care of his secretary. But to be honest, he treats his secretary quite nicely. He even asked me to look after her especially! Me! The handsome and rich guy in R City. Looking after a secretary now!’ Kevin thought to himself.
	“Amy, what’s the name of your friend?” Kevin wanted to make friends with Hannah.
	“Why do you want to know?” Amy looked at Kevin alertly.
	“Easy. I just want to know her name. Do I look like a bad guy?” Kevin stood up, walking back and forth in front of Amy on purpose, to show himself off.
	But Amy destroyed his confidence by saying only a word.
	“Yes.” Amy looked at him, considering him as a playboy. He was too handsome and flaunty in her eyes.
	“If so, I am leaving now. Since I am a bad guy, I will stay away from you. In case that some day you should be affected by me and become a bad woman.” Kevin felt mad, pretending to leave right now.
	“Wait a minute! I didn’t mean that you were a bad guy. How can a bad guy be so handsome, just like you!” Amy stopped teasing with Kevin, and she wondered what Kevin wanted to do with Hannah.
	Hannah said she was afraid that Kevin would do something terrible to her families, but looking at Kevin, Amy thought that he was just a rich playboy and he was not mean at all.
	“That sounds right. By the way, Amy, Mr. Carter said that you could take a rest for a week, and go back to work when you get better. You will get paid as usual, and you should take it easy and have a good rest.” Kevin remembered what Richard said.
	Amy was not happy at all. ‘Do they think that I bothered them in the office? After all, they are in a relationship. But Mr. Carter is the president, so it’s totally reasonable for him to do anything.’
	“Alright. Please thank Mr. Carter for me.” Amy said to Kevin.
	On the way home, Kevin still took good care of Amy. He might look careless but was very gentle and reliable instead.
	“Let me drive you home then. It’s not convenient for you to go home alone with your burnt hands.” Kevin opened the car door, and asked Amy to get in.
	“No, I don’t need this. I can take a bus to go home. It is quick. Thanks a lot, Mr. Smith.” Amy didn’t want others to know where she lived.
	“Alright. I will leave after you get on the bus.” Kevin saw that Amy was very determined about this, so he stopped insisting. He sent her to the bus station. Once he saw that she got on the bus, he left finally.
Chapter 51 Smart Kevin
	Just as Kevin was about to get in the car, he saw Hannah and a very handsome male doctor hurriedly walking towards the clinic.
	He stood at the door and fixed his tidy hair in front of the mirror.
	Then, he hurriedly walked over and pretended to meet them by chance.
	"What a coincidence. Are you looking for Amy?" Kevin said to Hannah.
	Upon seeing him, Hannah instinctively hid behind Andy as if she were avoiding a plague.
	"Andy?" Kevin looked at Andy in surprise. His attention had been focused on Hannah. He didn't even notice that the male doctor was Andy.
	"Kevin, it's been a while since we met last time," Andy said to Kevin, not so warmly. They weren't close, after all.
	"Indeed, it's been a while. I heard you went abroad. When did you come back? By the way, are you looking for Amy?" None of his sentences mattered to him. The point was to pick up Hannah.
	"You are one of Andy's acquaintances. I thought you were a bad person!" Only then did Hannah come out from behind Andy.
	Two women had thought he was a bad guy in one day. Kevin felt hurt twice.
	"Of course I'm not a bad person. Andy and I are alumni. He knows me. I may not be a wonderful man, but I'm definitely not a bad person." Kevin defined himself.
	Andy, though, did not comment on what he said.
	"Do you know where Amy is? I heard that she was injured. I looked everywhere, but I couldn't find her." Hannah acted as usual now.
	"She left. I was with her until she got in the car." Kevin peeked at Hannah. She was not very beautiful, but cute enough. She was nothing like any woman he had met before.
	"She left? How is she? Is her injury severe? When can she recover? Can she come to work tomorrow?" As soon as Hannah heard that Amy had left, she asked rapid-fire questions.
	Kevin looked at her. He really didn't know which question to answer first. It was a series of questions.
	"Mr. Carter has given her some days off starting from tomorrow. She doesn't need to go back to work until her hands fully heal. That's all I know." While saying this, Kevin was thinking about how to ask Hannah's name.
	Hannah and Andy were both disappointed. They had come to pay Amy a visit, but they didn't see her.
	"You can call her. I was here with her all the while. Her injury looked pretty serious at first, but after the doctor applied some ointment to her hands, it was alleviated. The doctor used the best ointment," Kevin helpfully explained to the two of them.
	Hearing that there was nothing serious now, they felt relieved.
	"Andy, I'm going home. When you are free, come to my house for dinner." Hannah turned to Andy.
	"Let me drive you. I'm on the same way," Kevin immediately offered.
	Andy glanced at Kevin and found the way he looked at Hannah was special. However, Andy was not worried. Kevin and he were alumni, and they grew up together. He knew Kevin only looked like a playboy. In fact, he wasn't like that.
	"Alright, Hannah, you can go with Mr. Smith. I have to go to work." Andy decided to give Kevin a chance.
	"I go with him?" Hannah looked at Kevin with disdain, but Kevin's eyes were filled with sincerity.
	"Fine." Since her cousin said so, she thought Andy should be reliable.
	"This way. My car is over there." Kevin was on cloud nine. He felt like jumping up with joy.
	He walked behind Hannah and felt just seeing her back could bring him enough happiness.
	He gallantly opened the car door and let Hannah sit inside.
	"Hannah, where do you live?" Kevin got in the car and realized that he didn't know where Hannah lived.
	"It's No. 48, North Alley." Hannah deliberately gave him the wrong address. She couldn't let him know where she lived. Once she got off the car, she could walk back home.
	But when they arrived at No. 47, North Alley, Kevin stopped the car.
	"Alright, here we are. You can go up yourself. I'm going home," Kevin said to Hannah.
	"How did you know I live here?" Hannah stared at Kevin in surprise. He had to be a genius to know that she had told him the wrong number.
	Actually, Kevin was just guessing. He expected that Hannah would not tell him the correct address. He guessed her address was either No. 47 or No. 49. He tried No. 47 and didn't expect it to be correct.
	"It's not important. What's important is that you're home safely. Alright, go. Or your parents will get worried." After saying that, he drove away without looking back.
	Just this small action had greatly changed Hannah's opinion towards him. Perhaps Kevin himself did not expect that his image had improved in Hannah's eyes.
	*****
	When Amy got home, Robin was waiting for her at the door.
	Seeing that Amy's hands were wrapped tightly, Robin felt sad. Ever since Amy came here, she had been injured quite often. He wondered if Richard and she were really a good match for each other.
	He helped Amy into the house and cooked soup for her according to Richard's instructions, so that her skin could recover as soon as possible.
	Richard did not come to the villa for the next few days. After he took Allison home, he stayed in his own apartment.
	He didn't know why Allison had come back right now. Her return didn't make him happy. On the contrary, he felt annoyed.
	He was reluctant to divorce Amy now. When they signed the contract, he thought everything would be under his control.
	But things didn't go as he thought. His feelings for her were getting more and more uncontrollable.
	Lying on the bed, Amy looked at her injured hands and wondered why her husband hadn't come home these days. Was he sick?
	The truth was, she knew little about him. Even if he was sick, she wouldn't know. He would rather endure it. Amy felt bad for him.
	He was ugly and was alone when he was sick. As his wife, she didn't take care of him. In addition, she often thought of Mr. Carter. Amy thought what she did was outrageous. She was married to her husband, so she should accept him. How could she still have feelings for another man?
Chapter 52 A Lady Wants to See You
	"Richard, I want to work in your company. I have nothing to do after I came back. I feel bored to stay idle." Allison sat beside Richard.
	"Work in my company? You can work in the Field Group, can't you? Why don't you help your brother with business?" Hearing that Allison wanted to work in his company, Richard instinctively rejected her.
	"Richard, I can see you every day if I work in HD Group. Don't you want to see me?" Allison pursed her lips. Anyone would compromise just looking at her.
	"I'll inform your brother. If I let you work in HD Group without his consent, I guess he will get angry." Richard looked at Allison, and his heart softened.
	"He won't. I'll tell him. Richard, we had a deal. Just tell me when to start. My brother never says no to me." Realizing Richard agreed, Allison was very happy. She wanted to stay by Richard's side and would not let any other woman have an opportunity to get close to him.
	Allison's office was settled in Richard's. She had replaced Amy. Of course, Amy didn't know about this. She was still recuperating at home.
	Although the injury was severe, the medicine she used was the best. Therefore, it didn't take long for Amy's hands to recover.
	"Mrs. Carter, it's time for breakfast." A servant had been arranged to feed Amy, but Amy refused. She managed to eat with only two fingers these days.
	"Alright." She could have the gauze removed from her hands today. The doctor said that her hands had recovered.
	After breakfast, Robin took Amy to the hospital and had the gauze removed. Her hands were even fairer and smoother than before.
	Amy looked at her hands happily. It was like she had new hands. Excited, she intended to go downstairs to share her joy with Robin.
	When she was waiting for the elevator, she observed her hands again. At this time, the doors of the elevator opened, and the two people inside came into her sight through the gaps between Amy's fingers.
	Richard was tall and handsome. Allison was beautiful. They looked like a perfect match just by standing there together.
	"Mr. Carter, Miss Field," Amy greeted them.
	Richard instinctively felt a little guilty. Although he did not show it on his face, he felt as if he had been caught in cheating behind Amy.
	"Amy, I'm really sorry about your hands. How are you doing?" When Allison saw Amy, she immediately walked to her warmly and grabbed Amy's hands.
	But she was shocked. How could it be? Weren't her hands supposed to have ugly scars after being burned so badly? But now, Amy's hands were fair and smooth.
	"They have recovered. I came to have the gauze removed. I can come to work tomorrow. Thank you for the days off, Mr. Carter." Amy lowered her eyes and pulled back her hands.
	Allison smiled awkwardly. She turned to Richard and said with feigned sadness, "Richard, Amy is still angry with me."
	Amy was disgusted by Allison's hypocrisy. However, clearly, Mr. Carter liked her, so why did she care?
	"I'm leaving." Amy didn't want to see Allison anymore, so she entered the elevator.
	Richard had been quiet all the while. He did not know what to say. Looking at Amy's thin figure, he put his arm around Allison's shoulder and left with her.
	Amy didn't know why she was in such a bad mood. What was wrong with her? Why did she feel this way? Richard was a big shot and had nothing to do with her. However, when she saw Allison and him together, she was very sad.
	"Robin, I'm back. Look, my hands are completely healed." Seeing Robin waiting for her, Amy felt warm and touched.
	She was married, but she still thought of another man. It was unfair to her husband.
	"That's good." Robin was relieved. Richard had given him orders to take good care of Amy. If anything happened to her, it would mean trouble.
	"Robin, has my husband been ill recently?" Amy asked Robin in the car.
	Robin did not expect Amy to care about her husband. For a moment, he did not know how to answer her.
	"Perhaps he's been busy. Mr. Carter is in good shape. He hardly gets sick." Robin was quick.
	"That's a relief." Upon hearing that her husband was not sick, Amy felt relieved, but she still had questions. He was busy? What could he be busy with?
	"Mrs. Carter, there is a lady who wants to invite you to have tea today. She came to the villa the other day. You met her, remember? I'm taking you there now." When waiting for Amy, Robin received a call from Cathy. She wanted to meet with Amy.
	"She wants to see me?" Amy remembered who the lady was. That day, she had mistaken the woman for her mother.
	"Yes," Robin nodded.
	"Alright." Amy liked her. She was beautiful and had a good personality. She was as nice to her as her own mother.
	Robin took Amy to the tea house and waited outside for her.
	"Amy, we haven't seen each other for a long time, have we?" As soon as Amy entered, she was hugged by someone before she could see who it was. While the lady she was here to meet remained in her seat, smiling and looking at her.
	Seeing Amy quite composed, Hilary let go of her and realized that she was overreacting.
	"What's wrong, Amy? Don't you recognize me?" Hilary looked at Amy.
	It took a while before Amy remembered that Hilary was the colleague she met on her first day at work, but Amy didn't see her again in HD Group.
	"You are Hilary!" On that day they met, Hilary was also so enthusiastic.
	"That's right, I am Hilary. Great, you finally recognized me. I'm afraid you've forgotten me. Come sit here. This is my mother." Hilary introduced Cathy to Amy.
	Amy nodded to Cathy and sat opposite her.
	"Amy, how are you? If you still miss your mother, you can give me a call and talk to me more often. You can regard me as your mother!"
	Tears already streamed down Amy's cheeks when she heard Cathy's warm words.
Chapter 53 The Heirloom
	"Mom, look at you. You made Amy cry. Amy, don't cry. Nobody looks pretty when crying." When Hilary saw that Amy was crying, she hurriedly wiped her tears.
	"Don't worry. Hilary, I'm just so touched." For many years, she had to get through sorrows alone. Although her father loved her very much, he did not understand her at many times.
	Now that Cathy cared so much about her, how could Amy not be touched?
	"There, there. Poor girl. The food here is very delicious. Order whatever you like. It's my treat." Cathy gestured for the girls to eat.
	The three women enjoyed the food happily. The food was really yummy.
	"Amy, how's your work in HD Group? Is there anyone bullying you?" Cathy asked Amy with concerns.
	Amy was about to drink tea when she heard the question. Too embarrassed to tell her the truth, she shook her head and said, "No, no one bullies me."
	However, even though Amy denied, Cathy still felt that Amy was being bullied.
	Amy was the wife of the HD Group's president. How could she be bullied in their own company? If others knew about it, they would turn into a terrible joke!
	Although Cathy did not know why Richard kept his marriage as a secret, Amy was his wife and should be treated with respect since she had married him, .
	"Hilary, don't idle around anymore. Go to work at HD Group so that Amy and you can take care of each other." Cathy knew that Amy said this because she didn’t want her to worry, so she didn't say anything more and just asked Hilary to help Amy.
	"Mom, it's useless for you to tell me that. You have to persuade the person who has the final say. The day I met Amy, hardly had I started my work than I was kicked out." Hilary wanted to join HD Group, but her brother wouldn't let her.
	"Alright, I'll take care of it, but you must work hard and learn from Amy." Cathy was very worried about her daughter. Other than spending money, Hilary couldn't do anything else well. Fortunately, she was kind-hearted.
	After chatting for a while, Cathy felt that she still needed to warn Amy. She made some tea for Amy before she started speaking.
	"Amy, I heard HD Group has recently recruited some newbies. Be careful. Some of them are not as easy to get along with as they seem."
	Cathy looked at Amy. At this moment, Amy raised her head. Her bright, moist eyes made her heart melt.
	"Especially Allison. You must be very careful about her." Cathy got to the point.
	Her words really surprised Amy. Why did Cathy know about Allison? And she was even reminding her to be careful.
	But Amy did not ask. It felt good that someone cared about her. As to why, she did not need to know.
	"Alright, I will be careful." Amy wiped her mouth. She was full. The food here was indeed delicious.
	Seeing that Amy didn't ask more questions, Cathy liked her even more. Amy was really a sensible girl.
	"By the way, I bought a bracelet today. But it doesn't fit me well. It doesn't look good on Hilary, either. But maybe it does on you. Didn't you also call me mother once? I can't let you call me mother for nothing. I want to give it to you. I hope you like it." Cathy took out a red velvet box from her Chanel bag and handed it to Amy.
	"No, no, I can't take it." Amy hurriedly waved her hands. She had just met Cathy twice. Although she was very poor now, she could not take the gift.
	"Come on. Try it on for me to take a look." Cathy completely ignored Amy's words. She grabbed Amy's hand and opened the jewelry box. She took out the emerald bracelet and put it on Amy.
	The emerald bracelet made Amy’s skin even fairer.
	Cathy looked at it with satisfaction and said, "Beautiful. It really fits you. From now on, you will also be my daughter."
	Amy felt that Hannah was carefree enough, but not as carefree as Cathy or Hilary. No matter what Amy said, Cathy insisted on giving her the bracelet.
	"I can't take this bracelet. We have just met and barely know each other. I called you mother that day because..." Amy tried to take off the jade bracelet. How could she take this expensive gift just because she had called the lady mom the other day.
	"I insist. You already called me mom. If you refuse, I will think you look down on me, and I'm going to be angry." Cathy stopped Amy and pouted.
	"Take it. My mother is always nice. And she likes you. Amy, you're so beautiful. Just be my mother's daughter. And I'll have a sister." Hilary also helped her mother to persuade Amy to accept the family heirloom.
	In the end, Amy couldn't refuse, so she had no choice but to accept it.
	"Thank you." Amy looked at the bracelet. It was indeed very beautiful. Even though she knew little about jade, she could tell that the bracelet was very valuable.
	"You're welcome. If you miss your mother, just call me. And Hilary is your sister from now on. We're a family now. Don't overthink. I give you this bracelet because I can't wear it, so don't feel any pressure," Cathy said as she held Amy's hand.
	Of course, Amy knew that she was comforting her, but she didn't understand why Cathy wanted to give her such a valuable gift.
	The three of them parted later. When Amy came out of the tea house, Robin was still waiting for her at the door.
	"Robin, have you been standing here all the time? Then I should have come out earlier." Robin was not young. Seeing that he was still waiting for her at the door, Amy felt bad.
	"Mrs. Carter, it's fine. I need to exercise. It keeps me healthy." Robin stretched his legs to make his point.
	Just then, he noticed the jade bracelet on Amy’s wrist. It seemed that Mrs. Carter liked the girl very much. Robin knew this jade bracelet. It was a family heirloom worth millions.
	Robin was happy for Amy. He also liked this girl very much. Although it had been only a few days since they met, and she got injured a lot. But she was indeed a very good girl.
Chapter 54 Replaced By Allison
	Amy went to the HD Group by bus. When she got off the bus, she heard someone calling her from afar. She looked back and saw Hilary.
	"Amy, wait for me. Let's go in together." Hilary ran to her. She was dressed in all Gucci and was wearing killer heels. Amy was impressed that Hilary could still run so fast.
	"Let's go." Hilary held Amy's arm, and they walked to the company together.
	When they walked to the gate, Hilary saw Richard's car followed by another car. It was Allison's. She just wouldn't give up.
	After getting into the hall, Allison raised her head arrogantly. Many people were greeting her, knowing she worked in Mr. Carter's office at the HD Group once she joined the company. And she was so beautiful that they had guessed that she might be Mr. Carter's girlfriend.
	After Allison left, people looked at Amy meaningfully when she walked in with Hilary. Amy was just promoted by Mr. Carter a few days ago, but now she was replaced by someone else. What a pitiful girl.
	Amy felt that there was something wrong with their look. However, she did not think too much about it. She just didn't want to be late for work.
	She went to the thirtieth floor with Hilary. Just as she placed her hand on the doorknob of the president's office, she heard someone talking inside.
	"Richard, I don't like this table. Can you change it for me? Also, can I remove all these things?" Allison said to Richard.
	"OK. You can do whatever you like." Richard agreed.
	"Hi, Amy, you are here. Yesterday, you said you were coming to work today. I thought you were just kidding. Why don't you take a few more days off?" Allison opened the door and saw Amy and Hilary outside.
	"Hilary, what are you doing here?" Allison turned to look at Hilary. She hadn't got along with Hilary since they were kids. Now it was just the same.
	"I'm here to work with Amy." Hilary pulled Amy over to stop Allison from talking nonsense.
	"Oh, I'm sorry. Richard said that he only needed one secretary in his office, and he chose me. You guys can go back to work at the secretariat," Allison said gently.
	However, both Hilary and Amy had goosebumps all over for her affectation.
	"Richard, Amy is here. Where do you think she should work?" Allison acted like she was Richard's wife. She wanted to show Amy and Hilary that Richard loved her very much.
	"Miss Miller? You can work at the secretariat. So should Hilary. You go there as well. You two will work on the twentieth floor. I'll let you know if I need you." Richard looked at Amy. His face darkened when he saw Hilary. He didn't know why his mother sent Hilary here. She couldn't do anything.
	"Alright, then I'll take my things with me." Amy nodded. She walked in and put her things in a cardboard box. Then, she went down with Hilary without hesitation.
	Richard would feel better if Amy argued or made a fuss. But Amy was proud. She didn't say anything and just left.
	"Richard, will Amy and Hilary blame me for taking up her position?" Allison said that as if she was wronged when she noticed that Richard was distressed.
	"I could work downstairs. Just let Amy stay here," Allison added.
	"No need. The new table will be sent here soon. What else do you want? You can buy some and put them in the office." Richard looked at Allison. She was indeed a beauty.
	Amy did not like to wear makeup. But if she did, she might look as pretty as Allison, who was the most beautiful woman in R City.
	Amy was shorter than Allison, but she was very cute this way.
	Richard felt conflicted. Back then, Allison ignored his pleas and left him without hesitation. Yet he was always thinking about her. For so many years, he had never fallen in love with any other woman.
	However, everything had changed since he met Amy. When he saw the perfect Allison, he always thought of Amy.
	"Richard, you're so nice to me. Will you blame me for leaving you back then? I'm so sorry. But I was too young, and l made a mistake." Allison snuggled into Richard's arms.
	However, Richard dodged subconsciously. Allison looked up at Richard with her eyes wide open.
	"We're at the company. It's not good if someone sees it." Richard immediately explained.
	He was struggling. Should he tell Allison that he was married now?
	Richard didn't want to disappoint his grandfather, so he married Amy. He could make do with it since Amy was nice.
	He had thought that if Allison came back two years later, he could divorce Amy and get back with Allison.
	However, everything changed now. He didn't even want to divorce Amy. It would be good that he spent the rest of his life with Amy. He was quite looking forward to it.
	"Richard, you've changed. Didn't you promise me that you would always wait for me? But I feel that you don't have any feelings for me now." Allison looked delicate, as if she was about to cry.
	Richard was soft-hearted. He had indeed promised. Oh no. If he told her that he was married, it might be a big blow to her. Forget it. He should wait for the right time.
	"Allison, nothing will remain unchangeable. We can't force it. We can just wait." Richard could no longer promise Allison anything. He did have feelings for another woman. He didn’t know if it was love, he knew Amy was special to him.
	"Richard, I love you. I really love you. I'm so scared. If you don't love me anymore, I might as well kill myself!" Allison cried. She believed that Richard would compromise if she cried.
	"Allison, don't cry. I feel sad when you cry." Richard finally let Allison lean against his shoulder. He held Allison in his arms. For a while, they kept quiet and said nothing.
	"May I come in?" When Amy got downstairs, she found that she hadn't taken her teacup. She didn't want to disturb the lovebirds. But she knew that she had to if she still wanted her teacup back. Therefore, Amy turned around and went back.
Chapter 55Work With Hilary
	While speaking, Amy opened the door and saw Richard hugging Allison. That was really embarrassing. And Allison was looking at Amy with a complacent smile.
	When he saw Amy, Richard wanted to push Allison away. But Allison held his waist more tightly with her arms.
	"Oh, I'm sorry. I'm just here to get my teacup. I didn't see or hear anything. You guys can enjoy it." Amy walked to her table, took her teacup, and flew away.
	When she closed the door, Amy patted her chest. Richard and Allison even made out in the office in the day. Humph, what a lovely couple!
	Perhaps she came at the wrong time. Forget it. She should stop being so gossipy. After all, she wouldn't work in Richard's office again.
	"Amy, you're flushing. Did you run too fast?" Hilary watched Amy as she came back and sat opposite her.
	"Yes, it's a little hot." Amy lowered her head.
	"Well, Amy? Why are you here? To inspect our work? I thought you should work in Mr. Carter’s office. It's only been a few days and you've come back. We're really flattered." Zoe walked over, looked at Amy and said in a weird tone on purpose.
	Amy looked at Zoe and wondered why she wasn’t fired yet. Didn't Richard say that Zoe would resign if she couldn't finish her work that day?
	"Are you surprised to see me? Do you think that you can seduce and manipulate Mr. Carter with your face? You should remember that Mr. Carter only loves Allison. Now that Allison has returned, there's no place for you!" Zoe did not fear Amy anymore. Allison came back and spoke to Richard for her. So she could stay in the company.
	Amy finally got it. It turned out that Zoe was Allison's friend. So, Allison was indeed very important to Richard.
	"Even if Mr. Caster loves Allison, it has nothing to do with you. Why are you so proud?" Hilary pulled Amy over. Hilary looked at Zoe and her big mouth and just wished she could just slap Zoe right on the spot.
	"Who are you?" Zoe looked at Hilary in surprise. She did not know Hilary, nor did she know that they had a new colleague today.
	"Zoe, you were not here. This is the new secretary, Hilary Carter." Someone whispered to Zoe.
	"Oh, so she's new here. Why is she so arrogant and how can she talk back to me?" Zoe did not notice that Hilary's family name was Carter.
	She looked at Hilary, who seemed to be dressed in ordinary clothes. Hilary was pretty, but so what? She should be just a poor student since she was Amy's friend. Zoe was confident.
	"Alright, I am a very generous person. So I don’t want to argue with you. Since you've come back, you need to work hard. Wait a moment. I will arrange work to you today." Zoe stopped arguing since she didn’t want to cause trouble. She had only returned today. Although she was still the acting head of the secretariat, she was not in full charge yet.
	Everyone left. They thought that they could watch another fight today, but the fire went out at the beginning.
	Very quickly, Zoe came over with a stack of documents and gave them equally to Amy and Hilary.
	"These are your work today. Since you just come back, I won't push you. Just hand in these translations within three days." Zoe smirked.
	The HD Group's secretariat was also responsible for the translation work. So when hiring secretaries, they required applicants to know at least one foreign language. Thus secretaries could all work as translators.
	When Amy applied for this job, she told them that she was good at German. But the documents Zoe gave her were all in French.
	Hilary was even more miserable. She was good at English, but Zoe gave her documents in German.
	It was true that they could finish the translation in three days, but only if they were proficient at these two languages. However, Zoe didn't let them do what they were good at.
	Amy looked through the documents and felt that she could make it in three days. But she was worried about Hilary.
	"Hilary, don't worry. I'll work overtime to finish my translation. Then I will help you. I'm good at German." Amy comforted Hilary.
	"Amy, thank you. I happen to be fluent in French. Let's just exchange our task." Hilary was very grateful to Amy. She was not that stupid. She might not be good at other things, but she could speak three foreign languages. This translation was not a problem for her.
	Amy was impressed and felt lucky to meet Hilary. She thought that Hilary was a rich girl who couldn't do anything. But it turned out that Hilary was quite competent.
	"Zoe’s trick failed! That's so funny. Amy, let's find a quiet place and translate these documents. I think we can finish it in two and a half days. Then I'll treat you to dinner and celebrate it!" Hilary was very happy that she could work with Amy.
	"Alright, before we go out, we should tell Zoe first. Anyway, she gives us three days. We can't be disturbed while translating. Let's go to the tea house where Mom took us last time. It's my treat." Amy checked her bank balance. She could afford it.
	"Alright, let's do this!" Hilary went to talk to Zoe. She didn't expect that Zoe agreed at once.
	In fact, Zoe was happy that she got rid of big problems.
	The two documents were from the SR Company, whose boss was a very picky old man. He had very strict requirements on the accuracy of the translation. So they used to ask the professional translation company to revise the translation again before submitting to SR company.
	Yet that old man was never satisfied. Today, Zoe just threw these hot potatoes to Amy and Hilary. They would certainly get scolded and she could wait and enjoy the show.
	Amy and Hilary left the HD Group hand in hand. They drove to the tea house and went to the same room. After ordering tea and some desserts, they started translating the documents.
	Time passed by. They almost became robots. Hilary had a laptop, but Amy could only do it by hand. So, Amy was much slower than Hilary.
	"Hey, Mom, could you bring me a notebook? The same one as mine. I'm in the tea house where you came last time. I need it right now."
Chapter 56 We Are Friends Now
	Seeing that Amy was not working as efficiently as her, Hilary immediately called Cathy and asked her to send her a notebook.
	"Hilary, don’t bother. I can make it. Three days is more than enough." When Amy heard that Hilary was calling her mother, she hurriedly stopped Hilary. A notebook was so expensive. She couldn't afford it now.
	"It's fine. Just treat it as a gift from me. My mother has given you a gift. But I haven't. I don't know what you like. Now that you need this, isn’t it a wonderful gift?" Hilary felt happy to send a gift to her sister-in-law. Although it wasn't as expensive as her mother's gift, it was practical.
	Very quickly, someone knocked on the door and sent in a notebook. Hilary turned on the computer, downloaded a lot of dictionaries and then handed it to Amy.
	"Alright, you will certainly be more efficient. To turn to online dictionaries is much more efficient than paper ones."
	Amy didn’t refuse her kindness again. Her priority was work right now.
	In the private room, they could hear keyboards being tapped non-stop. They did not say anything else and were busy with the work in their hands.
	However, although both were busy, someone was idle. From time to time, a knock at the door would come. Food, drinks, and even snacks would be delivered.
	Anxious, Hilary called her mother again.
	"Mom, we're not chatting while enjoying tea. We're working. Do you understand? Don't disturb us anymore." After Hilary finished speaking, she hung up the phone and no one bothered them anymore.
	Amy translated in the tea house during the day and continued at home at night. She thought that she needed to finish the work as soon as possible so as to help Hilary.
	Her husband hadn't returned, and she didn't know what had happened to him. However, Amy didn't have time to care about him. She wanted to do this job well. That was her priority.
	Amy finished her task in two days, and she then took Hilary's work. Hilary enjoyed herself after returning home, so she was slower.
	"Amy, have you worked overtime at home? I said that considering our ability, we could complete it in two and a half days. There is no need to be in a hurry. Staying up late is not good for your beauty." Since Amy was helping her, Hilary was embarrassed.
	"It's fine. I always feel uneasy if I don't finish my work. I can't even sleep peacefully." Amy helped Hilary translate and she asked Hilary to rest.
	Soon, they finished their work. Amy sorted out the materials and sent a copy to her email. The USB driver was prepared. She just needed to print it tomorrow at the office.
	"Amy, I promised I would treat you to dinner if we finished work on time. Feel free to tell me what you would like. I am rich," Hilary said generously to Amy.
	"Then how about me inviting someone else over?" Amy missed the cuisine that Richard had brought her to enjoy. She felt that it tasted very yummy, but Hannah had not tried it yet. She wanted to bring Hannah along.
	"Someone else?" Hilary raised her eyebrows.
	"Forget it. It was my casual talk. Don't take it seriously." Amy thought that Hilary was unwilling.
	"Don't misunderstand me. I mean you can call ten people over, let alone one. It's my treat. You can invite anyone as you want. Bring them all along. I like you, and I like all of your friends." Hilary said as if she were Amy's boyfriend.
	"Well, there's only one person. She is my best friend. Her personality is very similar to yours. Perhaps you two can also become good friends." Amy felt that Hilary was so cute. She liked Hilary and her mother a lot.
	"Then call my good friend over. Now. I really want to see her." When Hilary heard that Hannah had a similar personality to her, she immediately put Hannah on the list of her good friends.
	Amy called Hannah. When Hannah heard that someone was going to treat her, she directly took the afternoon off and went to the tea house.
	"This is Hilary. This is my best friend, Hannah." Amy introduced them respectively.
	"I heard that your personality was the same as mine, so I really want to see you. I'm Hilary. Nice to meet you." When Hilary saw Hannah, she wished they could meet earlier.
	"Really? I also feel that our personalities are similar. My name is Hannah, so we...." Hilary and Hannah began to chat enthusiastically, ignoring Amy.
	Amy coughed, wanting to attract their attention.
	"Amy, is there anything wrong with your throat? Have tea!"
	"Yes, drinking water is good for your throat!" They turned around and cared about Amy. Then they continued talking about their past from a young age.
	Amy felt that she had been snubbed. "When are we going to eat? I know a good restaurant." Amy reminded them again.
	"Really? Then let's go now. We'll talk when we have dinner later!" When they heard that Amy had found a good restaurant, they stopped talking. Nothing was more important than food.
	"It's the one not far from our company. Let's go and take a look. There shouldn't be many customers now." Oh, she finally got the attention of her friends.
	The group came to the restaurant right away.
	Hilary parked the car. When she saw the restaurant, she frowned. However, seeing that Amy and Hannah were both in high spirits, she did not say anything.
	"Hello, do you want the table as usual?" Mary recognized Amy.
	"Yes," Amy felt that the usual table was quite good, for it was quiet and enjoyed a fabulous vision.
	"The routine dishes?" Mary smiled at the three beauties. They were all filled with youthful vigor, looking pleasing to the eye.
	"Alright." Anyway, those routine dishes tasted pretty good.
	"Got it. Wait a moment. I'll make it for you." Mary went to cook with happy steps.
	"Amy, how do you know that the food here is delicious? Have you come here with anyone?" Hannah teased Amy.
	"Last time I worked overtime, Richard brought me here. I think the food here is yummy. Since you haven't been here yet, and it's Hilary's treat, I call you over. Thanks to Hilary, I can take you here to enjoy food." Amy honestly explained what had happened.
	"Richard, I'm going in!" As they were speaking, they heard someone shouting at Richard at the door.
Chapter 57 An Awkward Encounter
	While they were waiting for the dishes, they heard someone calling for Richard at the door. Judging from the soft voice, they knew that it was Allison without turning around to have a look.
	Wearing her long hair loose, Allison was in a white dress. She looked so elegant, like an angel coming to the world.
	Anyone who didn't know Allison would be attracted by her appearance. She was gorgeous and beautiful.
	At the sight of Amy and her friends, Allison stopped at the door.
	"Allison, why aren't you going in?" When Richard walked over, he saw Allison standing at the door.
	"Richard, our table has been taken." Allison said casually. She looked at the table that she used to like the most. It had been taken by three annoying women.
	"Then let's go somewhere else. There aren't many people around anyway." Richard also saw Amy. Every time he was with Allison and saw Amy, he felt as if she had caught him cheating.
	"But I like it here. Forget it, Richard. I'll listen to you." Allison's face was filled with grievances, and then she became obedient.
	"Then why don't we go to another restaurant?" Upon seeing Amy, Richard felt uncomfortable.
	"There's no need. Richard, you're hungry. Let's stay here. I haven't enjoyed its dishes for many years. I am looking forward to it!" They talked a lot at the door, as if they were acting. Allison was obviously showing off, but Amy ignored her.
	"Welcome. You can sit there. That table is quite nice. The view is good as well." When Mary was serving the dishes, she saw Richard and Allison standing at the door.
	She hurriedly greeted them. She shifted her gaze from Richard to Amy without saying anything. No one knew what she meant.
	"Miss, do you remember me?" A bright smile appeared on Allison's face as she greeted Mary.
	Her enthusiasm made Mary feel uncomfortable. Allison had come so many times, and she was always in a noble and cold manner, as if she hated to talk to her.
	But now Mary wasn’t used to Allison's sudden enthusiasm.
	"Yes. You must be Mr. Carter's girlfriend. You used to be a frequent customer here. But it seems you have not come here for a long time." Mary was a businesswoman, and she had a quick brain.
	"Miss, you have a good memory. Thank you for remembering me." Allison pretended to be a pure woman again.
	"Of course I remember you. You're so beautiful. I'll bear you in my mind at a glance. I'll never forget you. Please sit down first. Do you want to order in the same old way?" Mary brought them to their seats.
	"Yes." Richard remembered that Amy also liked the dishes he ordered.
	"Richard, I want to have a change. I'm tired of eating the same food all the time. Miss, just serve us your specialty dishes. Three dishes and a soup will be fine." Allison noticed that Amy and her friends were having the same dishes as they used to order. She was jealous. When she was away, Richard brought Amy here for dinner. Sitting by her table, Richard and Amy had the same dishes when he was with her.
	What did all of this mean? Amy wanted to seduce Richard! Fortunately, Zoe called Allison and told her to come back.
	"Alright, do as she asks." Richard smiled at Mary.
	"Okay, I'm going to prepare it now. My specialty dishes update every month. I'll serve you the latest new dishes." Mary went into the kitchen again.
	The most special thing about this restaurant was that all the dishes were developed and cooked by Mary herself. Although it might take a little longer, the taste was very unique. Many people liked the dishes here, so the business was pretty good.
	"Amy, look at that woman. Who is she? Is she Richard's girlfriend? I've never seen her before." Hannah didn't know Allison, but she didn't like this pretentious woman at all.
	"She is his ex-girlfriend. She's been gone for five years. I wonder why she came back this time." Hilary immediately answered.
	When Amy and Hannah looked at her, Hilary realized that she had spilled the beans.
	"Don't you know it? This was the big news back then. Basically everyone in R City knew that Richard was dumped." Hilary hurriedly explained.
	However, five years ago, Hannah and Amy were only fifteen years old. Of course, they didn't know much about this, so they were fooled by Hilary.
	The dishes were all served. They ordered a bottle of red wine as well to celebrate the completion of the work and their acquaintance. Besides, they celebrated that it was Thursday today. They found all the excuses to drink the wine.
	"I'm going to the bathroom." Seeing that Amy was drinking, Richard became nervous. Didn’t Amy know drinking wine could result in trouble? Why was she still drinking? Richard found that she had finished a cup of wine.
	"Okay, come back quickly." Allison smiled sweetly.
	Richard stood up and walked up to Amy and her friends.
	"Don't you have to work today?" Richard said sternly. Fortunately, they worked in his company.
	"We've finished our work, so we come out and relax. Mr. Carter, you're so idle. You're even in the mood to keep your ex-girlfriend company!" When Hilary spoke to Richard, she rolled her eyes.
	The Carters didn't like Allison, except for Richard.
	"Drink less wine." On hearing Hilary's reply, Richard was stumped for words. He only said this and went to the bathroom.
	However, no one listened to Richard. They all wanted to drink wine, and they quickly finished the bottle of wine.
	There was no leftover on the table.
	"Alright, I'm full. I know where to buy delicious ice creams. Let's go. I'll treat you to ice cream." Hannah stood up and patted her purse.
	"Alright, I like ice cream the most. Let's go." They hadn't got drunk yet. They just didn't like to see Allison and wanted to find another place to relax.
	"Richard, why are you absent-minded during the meal? What are you thinking?" Allison noticed that Richard had put the food in the wrong places many times.
	"Nothing. I just feel happy that you're back. I was thinking about asking our friends out to get together one day." Richard hurriedly explained. But he did want to invite Kevin and the others out for dinner, so he wouldn't feel he had been cheating.
	"Alright. I haven't seen them for a long time. We should get together." Richard planned to ask his friends out, and it just happened to be what Allison expected. She just wanted everyone to know that Richard belonged to her.
Chapter 58 A Leaked Secret
	"Miss Curry, this is the work you allotted to us. We have finished it." Amy and Hilary put their translated manuscripts in front of Zoe.
	"It's all done? Very good. But you don't need to hand this over to me. Submit it to Mr. Carter. He will know you did the translation and will give you reward if you deserve." Zoe always had a hypocritical smile on her face.
	Zoe was not stupid. Alisa once sent those translated manuscripts to Richard. He was unsatisfied and Alisa was harshly scolded. Zoe wanted Amy and Hilary to give their works to Richard by themselves. If Richard wasn’t satisfied, he would find out that they were useless.
	When Amy and Hilary heard this, they were dumbfounded. Neither of them wanted to see Richard.
	"What's wrong? Is there a problem with the translation? Why are you afraid?" Seeing that neither of them wanted to move, Zoe intentionally egged them.
	"Alright, let's go together." Amy and Hilary resigned themselves to following the order.
	It was not that the translation was in poor quality. They just didn't want to see Richard and Allison.
	Hilary said to Amy, "Here we are. Amy, after I count from one to three, we'll go in together."
	"Alright." To meet Richard was like going to a battlefield.
	After Hilary finished counting, they opened the door and entered. Richard was working while Allison stayed beside him. It was true that men would not feel tired while working with the one they liked. It seemed that Richard quite enjoyed it.
	"What is the matter?" When Richard saw them, especially Amy, he couldn’t help smiling.
	"Miss Curry asked us to give you the translated manuscripts. She said that you needed it. This one was translated by me, and that one was translated by Hilary." Amy lowered her head and placed the documents on Richard's desk.
	"You don't have to do this. Just tell me and I'll come down to get it. Anyway, I don't have much work to do here. Now you guys can go back to your work." Allison took the documents and was about to put them aside.
	"No need. I want to see it right away. Allison, you may make a reservation for tonight." Richard sent Allison away with the excuse.
	"Then Mr. Carter, we are leaving. If there's anything wrong, just tell us." Hilary was reluctant to see Allison, so she pulled Amy, intending to leave.
	"Wait a moment!" Richard anxiously shouted. Amy and Hilary turned around, but he hadn't figured out what he should say. Allison also turned to look at him.
	"Take this. Someone gave it to me. I don't like it. Take it as a reward." Richard took out a box of snacks from the drawer.
	When he passed by a pastry shop this morning, he remembered that Amy liked the dessert in this shop and bought some. But then he realized that he didn't have a chance to give it to Amy. Since both of them had come, it was the right time.
	"Thank you, Mr. Carter." Hilary took the snacks and pulled Amy away.
	Richard continued working. He was going to meet his friends tonight, so he had to finish his work at hand.
	However, Allison's eyes were filled with jealousy. She had been with Richard for several years, but he either gave her diamonds and jewelry or designer clothes and bags.
	He had never given her flowers or snacks.
	Allison thought the box of snacks were supposed to be given to her. But unexpectedly, they were given to Amy.
	Allison was drawing hard on the paper with a pen. She painted a face and treated her as Amy. After that, she poked many holes in Amy's face so as to vent her anger.
	"Amy, look, Richard cares about you. He even bought you desserts," Hilary said to Amy.
	"Hilary, don't talk nonsense. Richard has a girlfriend and she is in the office. His girlfriend will be angry if she hears you. I'm just a new employee. How come he cares about me?" Amy quickly covered Hilary's mouth.
	Amy looked left and right. Many people in HD Group were Allison's spies. If they heard this and told Richard, Amy would be mocked.
	"Hilary, let me tell you. I'm married. Although I don't know who my husband is, I have to be loyal to him in our marriage." Amy pulled Hilary to a corner and secretly told her that she was a married woman.
	"You don't even know who your husband is. And you are still loyal to him?" Hilary had known that Amy was married, so she wasn't surprised when she heard about it.
	"He paid my father's medical fees. I am very grateful to him. Our contract will expire in two years. After that, we will divorce and live separately." Amy did not hide anything from Hilary.
	"Divorce?" Hilary's eyes widened, but she quickly controlled her emotions.
	She couldn't let Amy divorce her brother. If they divorced, her brother would definitely marry Allison.
	"Don't tell anyone else." Amy told Hilary not to leak anything.
	"I will keep my mouth shut. Let's go back to the office." Of course, Hilary would not tell anyone else.
	After they finished speaking, they left there. However, someone else just happened to be there and heard everything. It was Zoe.
	She crouched behind the pillar for a long time in high heels. Her feet went numb. As Amy and Hilary left, Zoe thought she was about to be crippled.
	Zoe intended to call Allison at that moment. But before she could make the call, she heard that Amy and Hilary were coming over, so she could only hide behind the pillar.
	However, it wasn't in vain. Hearing that Amy had got married, she felt much more at ease. Amy didn't know who her husband was. How ridiculous! That man might just be playing her.
	This news should be told to Allison immediately, so she could change her tactics.
	*****
	"Hannah, Hannah, freeze. Listen to me." Kevin ran over and stopped Hannah.
	"Don't come over. If you have anything to say, just go ahead!" Hannah kept Kevin three meters away from him.
	When Kevin saw that Hannah did not move anymore, he stood opposite her.
	"I want to tell you that you were drunk that day and left something at my house. I'm here to give it back to you." Kevin showed a necklace to Hannah.
Chapter 59 Amy Was Married!
	Hannah saw that the necklace in Kevin's hand was really hers. However, she had no idea when it was lost. This necklace was a gift from someone special. It had always been very precious to her.
	"Yes, it's mine. Thank you." Hannah reached out to take it back, but Kevin retracted his hand.
	"You cannot take it back with nothing in return. Why don't you treat me to a meal? I came here specifically to give the necklace back to you." At this moment, Kevin stared at Hannah, making her hair stand on end.
	"Treat you to a meal? Sure, just give me the necklace, and then I'll treat you to a dinner." Hannah wanted to snatch the necklace again, but her height formed a sharp contrast with Kevin’s.
	Hannah ended up in Kevin's arms, but she didn't notice that since her eyes were all on the necklace.
	Hannah's obsession with the necklace made Kevin feel very jealous. He drew his arms closer and took her in his embrace.
	"What are you doing? Let go of me! Put down your hands!" Only then did Hannah become alert. She pushed Kevin's chest with all her strength, but it was as if she was tickling him.
	"Then tell me why you didn't even find you had lost this necklace since you care about it so much?" Kevin asked enviously.
	"None of your business. Let go of me, or I'll bite you." Hannah threatened Kevin when she realized she was completely unable to get rid of his arms.
	"Just do it. I won't let go of you anyway." Kevin still hugged her tightly in his arms. He didn't expect that hugging a woman could be so pleasant. Her body was soft and fragrant.
	Hannah lowered her head and bit Kevin's arm. Kevin gasped. She really took her words seriously. It really hurt.
	Kevin raised Hannah's face with his hand. Looking at her pink lips, he bit them for no reason.
	Of course, Kevin did not really bite Hannah. He would not bear that. As he touched her lips, he couldn’t help kissing her.
	Hannah was stunned by the sudden "attack". For a few seconds, her mind was blank.
	She stared at Kevin with her wide-open eyes. Kevin covered her eyes with his hand. Only then did she realize that she had been harassed by the man in front of her.
	Hannah pushed Kevin away with all her strength. She kept wiping her mouth, and then she scolded him.
	"You are such a bastard!" the next second, she turned around and ran away without taking the necklace.
	Kevin was still indulged in that moment with Hannah. It was so sweet and addictive. He really wanted to kiss her again.
	However, he was very satisfied to see her blushing face. It was her first kiss, wasn't it? Actually, it was his first kiss as well.
	Kevin did not chase after Hannah. He licked his lips and put away the necklace. Later on, he drove away.
	As he drove along the road, he whistled in a joyful mood.
	When he arrived, Richard and Allison had been waiting for him. Kevin went to sit beside Richard directly. There were also some other friends they grew up with. They came over for Richard's invitation very quickly.
	After greeting his fellows, Kevin started a conversation with Allison. Although it had been a long time since they met last time, they weren't very excited when they saw each other again.
	"Allison, why did you suddenly give up your dancing career you have pursued for so many years and come back for Richard?" Kevin wasn’t the only one who wanted to know. They all wondered what was going on with Richard and Allison.
	"Nothing. It's just I've become more mature. I suddenly realize that he's more important than anything else." Allison smiled and looked at Richard sweetly.
	"Oh, you are showing off. It's really cruel for the single people like us. So cruel!" A few single folks started to make jokes.
	"Well. Let's call a few girls out and have some fun. As usual." One of the dandies came up with an idea. There were five bachelors here, so they had to ask five girls to come over.
	"Save it. I don't want any girls. It's good for me to be alone." Kevin immediately refused.
	"What's wrong with you? You never refused any girls before. Why did you suddenly change? Do you have a sweetheart? When will you take her to us?" They began to heckle Kevin.
	These people were extremely wealthy, and they treated women as toys. They merely played with them casually. If they really wanted to get married, they would have to be with only one woman for the rest of their life. None of them have encountered the right one yet.
	"No. I’m just not that into women these days" Kevin glanced at Richard.
	Richard immediately retreated and looked at him vigilantly.
	"I'm not into you, either. You are less attractive to me than a woman. What are you afraid of?" Kevin looked at Richard with disdain.
	Although Richard was very good-looking, even prettier than Hannah, Kevin was a straight man.
	Seeing that even Kevin didn't want to have a girl, everyone stopped yelling. They tended to have a proper meal, and then they would talk with each other for a while.
	When the food and the wine were served, Allison took herself as the hostess, and she poured wine and set dishes for everyone. She was very hospitable.
	Other people teased her and called her Mrs. Carter.
	"Don't call her that!" That word sounded weird to Richard.
	Everyone became quiet for a moment. They all looked at Richard. They used to call Allison Mrs. Carter, but Richard was never angry.
	"I mean, Allison is a girl, and she's not married yet. It's not appropriate to call her like that. You should just call her by her name." Richard looked at Allison's pitiful expression, and then he thought that he might take this too seriously.
	"OK. Just call her name. That is better." Kevin immediately spoke out to light the atmosphere. Richard was his bosom friend. Although Richard kept many things to himself, their friendship remained close.
	Having heard Kevin's remarks, other people started to call Allison by her name. The atmosphere became lively again.
	"Richard, I heard that someone you hired lied about her marital status." Seeing the men playing finger-guessing game, Allison told Richard secretly.
	"Lied about her marital status? Who?" Richard couldn't figure it out for a moment.
	"Amy Miller. She has already got married, but she lied that she was single when she applied for the job," Allison thought that she was telling Richard the shocking news.
Chapter 60 I Love You
	Allison whispered in Richard's ear and told him what she had heard. Richard was really shocked when he heard this.
	"What? How did you know she was married?" Richard had mixed feelings about that.
	Allison said, "My cousin overheard it accidentally. Amy is scheming. She said that she didn't even know who her husband was. She is a liar, isn't she? She must know who her husband is. Her husband must be an ugly man so she doesn't want to tell us."
	As Richard heard what Allison said, he took out his mobile phone and used it as a mirror. He thought he was a good-looking man.
	Richard spoke good words for Amy, "Maybe her husband is so outstanding that she needs to hide him. Whether she is married or not, it is her own business. We recruit both married and unmarried employees."
	Allison said, "Richard, don't you think this is a kind of deception? She doesn't tell others that she is married because she wants to hook up with other men and finds a better husband!" Richard had been strict, but he indulged Amy today. Allison did not know why.
	"Well, it's wrong to hook up with other men. However, we're not sure of that. Now let's make toasts to everyone." Richard didn't want to discuss whether Amy was married or not.
	"Cheers. To our friendship!" Richard raised his glass, and the others also raised theirs and drank happily.
	What Allison said did not attract Richard's attention, so Allison thought that Amy must have seduced Richard with some tricks. That was why Richard defended her.
	Allison was envious. She had to force Amy to quit. Otherwise, Amy would be a scourge in HD Group.
	After dinner, Richard sent Allison back. Allison sat beside Richard. She was a little drunk, so she was more courageous and she held Richard's hand.
	"Richard, I don't want to go home today. You can take me anywhere." As Allison spoke, she groped Richard's leg.
	Richard hurriedly pulled her hand away. But the next second, Allison fell into Richard's arms.
	Richard had no choice but to park the car on the side of the road. Allison thought that Richard was going to make love to her, so she held Richard's shoulder and leaned over to kiss him.
	"Allison, I want to tell you something." Richard avoided Allison and let her sit back in the passenger seat.
	"What is it? Are you going to take me home and propose to me?" Allison asked sheepishly. When she broke up with Richard, he had been sad for a long time. Moreover, he never got close to any woman in the past five years.
	Allison thought it was obvious that Richard only loved her. She believed that she was important to Richard while Amy was just an episode in Richard's life.
	Word failed Richard. He wanted to tell Allison that he was married. If he didn't make it clear, Allison would keep throwing herself into his arms.
	However, Allison thought that he was going to propose to her. That was a big problem.
	Richard looked at Allison and thought about what he should say. Forget it, it was better not to tell Allison for the time being that he married Amy. This way, he could see if he really loved Amy. He was in a dilemma again whether to be with Amy or Allison.
	"I'll send you home now." Richard said.
	"Richard, Richard, I don't want to go back. I want to stay with you. I really want to give you all of me. You want to marry me, don't you?" Allison shook her head. She wondered if Richard was silly. He did not seize this opportunity to do something when she was drunk.
	"Allison, the past is the past. We can't go back to the past. We have to move on." Richard realized that he had been waiting for Allison. He had liked Allison's gentleness and elegance since he was young.
	However, ever since he met Amy, who was so unique, his taste had changed. He realized that gentleness might not be the only good character for a girl. Strong personality was the most important.
	"What do you mean by that? Richard, don't you love me anymore? You told me that you would wait for me all the time, didn't you? Why did you lie to me? You're a liar."
	Allison started crying. She insisted on getting off the car now.
	"Allison, calm yourself. Calm down." Richard thought Allison was so emotional now.
	"Richard, are you still angry that I broke up with you? Are you still blaming me? I'm back now. I'll always be with you." Allison pounced into Richard's arms again.
	This time, Richard didn't dare to push her away anymore. He was afraid that she would commit suicide.
	After Allison calmed down, Richard sent her home.
	"Richard, I am yours. I will always be yours." Before leaving, Allison promised Richard.
	"OK. Take care. You are drunk and should have some rest." Richard said softly.
	Holy shit! He made the trouble himself. He wondered how he could get himself out of it.
	Richard drove his car and returned to his villa.
	"Mr. Carter, welcome back." Robin heard the sound of the car and came out.
	"Oh, how am I back?" Richard didn't know how he got back. He was just absent-minded all the way and drove back unwittingly.
	"How's Amy? Is she sleeping?" Richard asked with concern.
	"Maybe not. She's in her bedroom and the lights are still on. I'll shut all the power off now." Then Robin went to shut the power off.
	Amy was playing with her phone when the lights suddenly went out. She knew that her husband had returned tonight.
	Amy put her phone away and lay quietly on the bed, waiting for her husband. It had been a long time since she saw him, and she missed him.
	The door opened. And a tall man strode in.
Chapter 61 Take Revenge on Whoever Bullies You
	A gust of wind blew over, and he walked closer to Amy. Against the light, he was standing by the bed, looking at her with his bright eyes in the darkness.
	Amy opened her eyes. She looked at her husband. The latter stared at her quietly.
	"Are you better?" After a long time, Amy spoke first.
	Richard was stunned. When did he get sick?
	"I know you cannot be exposed to the light, but you can ask me to take care of you if you're sick. Our marriage will only last for two years. But still I'm your wife now, so I should take care of you." Amy sat up and pulled Richard's hand.
	Richard followed her and sat down beside the bed.
	Amy reached out to feel if Richard's forehead was hot, but Richard grabbed her hand.
	"I'm not sick. I was just busy with something. But I have finished work, so I come back to see you." Richard said in a deep voice.
	Amy sighed. She then carefully touched Richard's hand. His hand was warm and dry, and his fingers were slender. He should have a pair of very beautiful hands.
	"Darling, I'm sorry." Amy suddenly felt that she was very sorry for her husband as she was about to cry.
	"What's wrong?" Richard suddenly became nervous. Did Amy fall in love with another man? Her behavior today was very strange. She had never said so much to him before.
	"Darling, I always confuse you for the boss of our company, and sometimes I think he is you. I feel that your voices are a bit similar. Of course, I know that you are definitely not him. He is just like a pervert, and often does weird things." Amy criticized Richard harshly.
	"Darling, why can you only be with me for two years? Why don't you let me see you? I have told you that no matter how ugly you are, I will never loathe you." After knowing him for more than a month, Amy felt that she had gradually given her heart to her husband. She would miss him if he did not return home.
	Hearing what Amy said, Richard had a wry smile.
	She said that he was a pervert. He tried his best to protect her. But in her eyes, he was a pervert.
	Richard wanted to make love to Amy now. But he was more curious what kind of person he was in her eyes.
	"Amy, what do you think of your boss?" Richard asked gingerly.
	"He is a good person if he doesn't have a bad temper, bad ideas, or scold me. At the very least, he helped me many times. He will show up when I'm in trouble, but I think he's a little blind." Speaking of Richard, Amy had a lot to say.
	However, when Richard heard Amy talk about her boss vividly, he was full of jealousy. In this world, Richard was the only one who was jealous of himself.
	"Well, why do you call him a blind man?" Richard asked with great interest.
	"His girlfriend pretends to be pure, but she is scheming. Her tricks can deceive a man, but not girls like me. Last time, she deliberately poured water on my hand, causing me getting burnt and resting for a week." Amy even waved her hand to show Richard.
	Oh, no! On that day, he felt that Allison poured the hot water on Amy on purpose. However, Amy didn't say anything. Considering her honest personality, he thought that he was mistaken.
	"Then why didn't you tell your boss? I'll be worried if you get hurt." Richard grabbed Amy's hand and touched it. Now, her hand was tender and satiny.
	"What can I say? She is his girlfriend. He won't believe me even if I say it. Why should I ask for trouble? He gave me a few days off, and even asked Kevin to take me to the hospital. Forget it. Anyway, I cherish my work in HD Group, so I don't mind it anymore." Amy was carefree.
	However, hearing her remark, Richard felt uncomfortable.
	What a stupid girl! She got injured, but she endured it. He could support her, but she acted as if she had to work to earn a living.
	"Honey, if someone bullies you in HD Group, feel free to take revenge. What's good about HD Group? You can't be bullied. Even if you get fired, I can support you!" As Richard spoke, he forgot to lower his voice, and Amy kept looking at him.
	His voice was familiar. It was exactly the same as Richard's.
	"Darling, when can you let me see you?" Amy did not speak out her doubt. She lifted Richard's face.
	"Not now." Richard took off his coat and hugged Amy in his arms. She was so soft that he felt comfortable hugging her.
	After this conversation, Richard felt that the two-year marriage contract might be abolished. He would be reluctant to part with Amy.
	They had a crazy night. Richard had been celibate for more than half a month. And tonight, he just couldn’t wait to make love to Amy.
	Amy wanted it as much as he did. But she felt uneasy because she didn’t know who took her virginity on her wedding night.
	*****
	"Amy, Miss Field wanted to talk with Hilary and you about the translation. It seems that someone from SR Company is here." Zoe said to Amy and Hilary gloatingly.
	Zoe knew that SR Company was picky. When she handed the task to these two that day, she knew that they would end up in trouble. Well, this moment finally came.
	"Miss Field wants to see us?" Amy did not recall who Miss Field was.
	"That's right. She is the beauty in the president's office. She's so gorgeous." Zoe praised and looked sideways at Amy. Amy was good-looking, but she was too rude. How could she compare to Allison?
	Now Amy knew that it was Allison who asked to see Hilary and her. She didn’t think too much. Well, if the employees from SR Company came here to talk about the translation, she would be willing to meet them. If something was wrong, she could modify it on the spot.
	Amy pulled Hilary and went up to the thirtieth floor.
	"Hilary, you don't need to be afraid. If anything goes wrong, pass the buck to me." Amy thought about what her husband said to her yesterday, so she was bold!
Chapter 62 The Perfect Translation
	Hilary looked at Amy with praise. Few girls were as responsible as her. They were all eager to pass the blame on others. But Amy asked to take responsibility bravely.
	"Then what if I pass the buck to you and Mr. Carter fires you? Let me bear the consequence. Anyway, my family is rich. I'm not afraid of getting fired." Hilary was also a responsible girl. She would not shift the responsibility to other people.
	"Let's talk about it later. Maybe things don't turn out as bad as we think. I have great confidence in my translation. There's no need to be afraid." Before entering, Amy held Hilary's hand.
	They walked into the meeting room hand in hand. There were some people sitting inside. They looked up and Richard let them sit beside him. Allison was sitting on the other side.
	"Alright, the collaboration meeting with SR Company begins. First of all, Mr. Baker, the president of SR Company, will give a speech. Welcome." Allison's gentle voice echoed throughout the conference room.
	As soon as Amy and Hilary sat down, they lowered their heads, not daring to look around.
	Feeling that someone was staring at her, Amy sat still.
	"Alright, I will talk about some of our cooperation plans briefly. Our representative will explain them in detail later." Hearing a familiar voice, Amy looked up.
	The man sitting opposite wore a black suit. His white shirt was tightly buttoned up, and his usually casual hair was combed neatly. This was the first time Amy had seen Andy like this.
	What was his introduction just now? Andy was the president of SR Company? Wasn't he a doctor?
	Andy saw that there were too many doubts in Amy's eyes. He cleared his throat and began to speak.
	Amy didn't really hear what Andy said. Her mind was in a mess. A few days ago, Andy was like her big brother, and he was a doctor. But today, he became the president of SR Company, a world-famous enterprise. Amy found it hard to believe.
	"Amy, Amy." Hilary saw that Amy was in a daze and nudged her.
	"What?" Amy finally came to her senses.
	"Their professional representative is speaking. Mr. Carter asked you to translate." Hilary whispered to Amy.
	Seeing that Amy was absent-minded, Richard was also uneasy. The chairman of SR Company was sick and couldn't come here in person, so he asked his son to talk to Richard. Richard thought that it should be his eldest son, Doyle Baker. But he didn't expect that Andy, the third son, would come.
	The representative was a German. He spoke very quickly. No one in HD Group could keep up with his speed. Every time he came, they needed to hire a professional interpreter. But even processional interpreters were also hard to make it.
	Today, Amy and Hilary were recommended by Allison. She told Richard that these two were talents. But she hoped that they would make a fool of themselves and be fired.
	Having recovered from her shock, Amy listened carefully to the German. She quickly translated German into Chinese in her mind and then spoke it out.
	After the German finished speaking, Amy finished translating. Andy's gaze was filled with praise. Amy's translation was very accurate. Many experienced translators could not do it.
	The German took the lead in applauding. Although he did not understand, he had never encountered an interpreter as fast and fluent as Amy in the negotiations over the years.
	After that, everyone applauded for Amy. Only Allison clapped reluctantly.
	During the negotiation meeting, a perfect cooperation plan was reached due to the excellent translation of Amy and Hilary. This negotiation meeting took the shortest time, but the results were the best.
	"Mr. Carter, to my surprise, you have such elites. You must cherish them. Otherwise, I will poach them from you." When Andy shook hands with Richard, he looked at Amy and said to Richard.
	"Mr. Baker, there's no need for you to worry about this. I will definitely keep my employees," Richard said unhappily.
	‘Andy, you want to steal my people?’ Richard immediately became alert.
	Andy and Amy seemed to know each other. Especially the way he looked at Amy was not something that ordinary friends should have. Richard thought he must keep an eye on him and didn't allow him to take advantage.
	"That's good." After Andy finished speaking, he left with his secretaries.
	"Richard, Amy and Hilary did a good job. Shouldn't we give them a little reward?" Allison was extremely angry, but she pretended to be virtuous.
	"This is their job. No need for rewards." Richard was still in a bad mood. He saw that Amy was staring at Andy in a daze, and his jealousy increased at once.
	Hearing Richard's reply, Allison was a bit relieved. However, neither Amy nor Hilary wanted any rewards. As long as they didn't make any mistakes, it would be good for them.
	After bidding farewell to Richard, they went down hand in hand. When they reached the twentieth floor, they saw Andy waiting for Amy at the elevator door.
	"Andy, are you waiting for me?" Amy looked at Andy in surprise. Andy was truly outstanding.
	"Yes. Amy, you're awesome. If you get bullied at HD Group, you can come to SR Company. You are always welcome." Andy looked at Amy with bright eyes.
	Amy fixed her eyes at Andy. Hannah and she always hung out with him since they were young. She only knew that Andy had a kind and beautiful mother, but she didn't expect Andy to be born into such a rich family.
	"Amy, I still have something to do. If you have any question, save it and we can talk when I treat you to dinner." After Andy finished speaking, he waved his hand at Amy and left by the elevator.
	"Amy, are you interested in Andy? I didn't expect that you two would know each other." Hilary had been watching Andy. Why did she suddenly feel that Amy and Andy would make a better match? After all, he was gentle and elegant!
	Hilary hurriedly shook her head. If her mother and Richard knew that she had such thoughts, they would definitely beat her to death.
	"Well, you are back. It seems that you guys must have done well today!"
Chapter 63 Help an Old Man
	As soon as Amy and Hilary came down, they heard someone speaking in a sarcastic tone. They didn't bother to think and knew it must be Zoe.
	Zoe was in a black business suit. She changed her clothes to a smaller size. The clingy clothes flattered the curve of her breasts.
	She stood at the doorway of the secretariat with her hands crossed. She saw Andy talk to Amy, and she became even angrier. Why did those handsome men like Amy? Were they blind?
	"Yes, fortunately, nothing went wrong." Amy didn't want to say anything more to Zoe, so she went past her and entered the office.
	"What a hot temper! It's good that you didn't make any mistakes. It turns out that my effort to promote you is not in vain. Mr. Carter should be very happy today." Zoe had heard that the president of SR Company was satisfied.
	She recommended Amy. If Richard was satisfied, she would definitely be credited.
	Therefore, Zoe was quite nice to them in a good mood. She would ask Allison to put some good words for her later. Now that Allison returned, Zoe was even more confident.
	When Amy and Hilary returned to their seats, Amy received a message from Hannah.
	"Are you alright? I heard that you were called up. I've been worried!"
	It felt good that someone was worried about you. Amy texted Hannah back that everything was fine.
	Before it was time to get off work, Robin called Amy and told her to wait for him at the company after work today. He would pick up Amy, for he needed to talk about something with her.
	Amy agreed. Robin was a tactful person. He was not strict with Amy, and he would not oppose if she wanted to hang out. It seemed like there was something serious today.
	After work, Hilary left first. She knew that Amy had a plan today, so she left early.
	Hannah wanted to give Amy a ride, but Amy refused. She told Hannah that someone would come to pick her up today.
	Hannah did not insist. Amy always said that her husband's family were nice to her, so Hannah was relieved.
	When Amy came down, Robin was waiting at the door. At the sight of Amy, he opened the car door and asked her to get in.
	"Robin, what is the matter? Why are you so mysterious?" In a black dress, Amy looked dignified.
	"One of Mr. Carter's family wants to see you. He is a nice person. But still, be careful. You are nice too. He will like you." After pondering, Robin decided to tell Amy so that she would be prepared. She might feel nervous if she saw Richard's family all of a sudden.
	"To see me? Robin, your master and I will only been married for two years. Later, I will divorce him. Isn't it inappropriate for me to see his family?" Amy had concerns. When the time came, she would divorce Richard. Would his family feel embarrassed if they already knew her?
	"Just meet him first. We'll talk about it later." Robin felt that Richard was weird recently. His intuition told him that Richard would not divorce Amy. If his family was satisfied with Amy today, it would be even more impossible for them to divorce.
	"But...." Amy wasn’t sure if the meeting was a wise decision.
	"Mrs. Carter, please calm down and try to enjoy the encounter." That was all Robin could say.
	Amy didn’t refuse this time. Since Richard's family wanted to see her, she should cooperate.
	"Alright." Amy nodded.
	Robin told her the room number and did not go with her. Amy went to the bathroom first to adjust her clothes and check her hair. In this way, she looked more mature. She felt that the elder liked mature and steady girls.
	As soon as Amy walked out of the door, she saw an old man leaning on a walking stick and sitting on the ground at the door, seeming he was in great pain.
	People came and went, but no one helped him. The old man looked so pitiful.
	Amy walked over and asked him what had happened.
	"I feel uncomfortable." The old man said as he clutched his belly.
	Amy helped him up, but some people reminded Amy.
	"You are too bold. He might blackmail you for money."
	"If you help him up, you will get yourself into trouble. When his family come here, they will claim that you push him. You will owe a lot and never be able to pay off your debts in your life."
	However, Amy did not change her mind. She helped the old man up and supported him steadily. She walked into the hall and asked him to sit down first.
	Then she asked the waiter to get some water for the old man and fed him herself.
	"Sir, are you alright? If not, I'll send you to the hospital. Do you want to call your family?" Amy asked the old man with concern.
	"No need. I'm fine now. You're such a good child. I thought I would die today." A cup of water refreshed the old man, as if there were a panacea in the water.
	"No, you will live a long life. I'd better give your family a call and ask them to pick you up. I cannot leave you alone." Amy insisted on calling the old man's family.
	There was a smile in the man's eyes. He reached out and stopped Amy.
	"Don't bother. I'm fine now. I'll get out of your hair." However, as the old man said so, Amy became more worried. He reminded her of her father.
	"Then help me to Room 001." Grandpa stood up and asked Amy to help him to the room he had booked.
	"Alright then, I'll send you there." Amy supported the old man and slowly walked to a private room. On the door, the number '001' was written.
	Amy opened the door, but there was no one in the room. Only some cold dishes had been served on the big table.
	"Alright, my family will be here soon. If you have something to do, just go." The old man sat down.
	When Amy saw that the old man waited for his family in the private room, she gave waiters a few words before she left.
	Her departure surprised the old man. Didn't he explain to Robin clearly?
	As Amy left the room, she felt that the man should be fine now, so she was relieved.
	Room 001? Well, the number sounded so familiar. Wait! Did Robin asked her to go to Room 001?
Chapter 64 He Was Satisfied
	Amy suddenly realized that the private room she was going to was also Room 001, so she secretly asked a waiter.
	"Excuse me, how many ‘Room 001’ do you have?"
	"There is only one here. All the rooms have a unique number." The waiter thought that Amy could not find the room, so he enthusiastically told her where Room 001 was.
	"My god! That old man is my husband's grandfather?" Amy felt upset. Just now, she insisted on calling his family. He must feel that she was annoying.
	Amy hesitated for a moment. But she could not keep the old man waiting. She had no choice but to be brave and went to Room 001.
	When she opened the door again, the old man inside was looking at her with a smile.
	"Amy! I thought I made a mistake before!" The old man said to Amy.
	"Well, grandpa, I was being too rude just now. I'm really sorry. Don't blame me." Amy lowered her head and walked in, sitting opposite the man.
	"You should be blamed. We could have enjoyed the food when we came in, but you left. So, I suffered hunger for a while longer!" John clapped his hands and hot dishes were immediately served.
	"Grandpa, you are in poor health, but you come to see me especially. Actually, you should not bother. My family has gone bankrupt, and my father has heart problems. My mother left my father and me long time ago." Amy explained her situation to John.
	John nodded. As for Amy's background, John had investigated it clearly. But she was different from ordinary people. Others didn't dare to help him, but she did. Besides, she also dared to say something that others didn't. John was impressed that she was so bold.
	"It doesn't matter. Our family doesn't need you to be rich. We value good virtues and you are very kind. Besides, we have plenty of money!" John said confidently.
	"The dishes are ready. Amy, suit yourself. You are so thin." John piled as much food as he could onto Amy's plate.
	"Grandpa, you are so kind. You remind me of my father. When I have meals at home, my father always helps me get a lot of food." Amy smiled at John.
	Amy thought John was truly strange. He came to see her, but he did not tell her his name or look down on her. What did he want from her?
	"Well, my grandson has a bad temper. He doesn't know how to make girls happy. Please give him more patience. Oh, I come to see you secretly. He doesn't allow us to meet you. Don't tell him!" John suddenly remembered that he came without Richard's knowledge.
	"Alright, then this is between you and me." Amy smiled and said. John was interesting, like a child.
	"Yes, that's right. It's our secret. Amy, if you need anything, you can ask Robin to tell me. I will help you." John watched Amy eating heartily, as if he were enjoying the food as well.
	"Grandpa, I will. Actually, I don't mind my husband's ugliness, but he never lets me see him. Grandpa, please tell him. No matter how ugly he is, I won't dislike him. He paid my father's medical fees and I’m truly grateful to him." Amy said sincerely to John.
	John was drinking water. When he heard that Amy did not mind Richard being ugly, he could not help but spit it out.
	John choked on the water and kept coughing.
	Amy immediately patted John's back to help him.
	While John was cursing Richard in his heart. 'Brat, you are so mysterious. Your wife thinks you're so ugly that you are afraid to see people. It's just hilarious."
	John liked Amy a lot. When he saw the bracelet on Amy's hand, he knew that Cathy had made a move earlier than him. However, it didn't matter. He had a trump card.
	"Amy, this is the first time we've met. I don't prepare anything special for you. Come. This pair of earrings were left by your grandma. Although they are a little old-fashioned, they look good." John handed the brocade box he had prepared to Amy.
	Amy was shocked. Wealthy people were so generous. They shared a habit of giving gifts when they saw someone for the first time. John was her husband's grandfather, so it was normal for him to give Amy a gift. However, Hilary's mother also prepared a gift for her. Amy couldn't understand it.
	"Grandpa, I can't take it." Amy didn't want to take anything anymore. After the divorce, she wouldn't be able to keep it anyway, so she didn't bother to accept it.
	"Take it. If you don't, I'll be angry. If I get angry, the consequence will be very serious. I'll faint, and I'll even go into convulsions, foam at the mouth, roll my eyes...."
	Amy was scared by him successfully.
	"Alright, I'll take it." Amy was afraid that something like that would really happen to John.
	She could return this gift to her husband, so she took it, afraid that John would be angry.
	"That's good!" Only then did John show a smile.
	After unpacking the gift, Amy knew that it wasn't cheap. The jade earrings were tiny, but they were crystal and had a classic style.
	After dinner, John pulled Amy's hand and walked to the door. He repeatedly asked Robin to nourish Amy, for he looked forward to having a great-grandson.
	Robin nodded his head. Then John left, and Amy followed Robin back.
	"Mrs. Carter, Mr. Carter's grandpa likes you. Congratulations!" Robin was happy for Amy.
	However, Amy was not happy. She knew very well in her heart that it was useless for the family to like her. Her husband would divorce her two years later. To be exact, only one year and ten months were left.
	"Robin, have you forgotten? Your master and I only have a contract as short as two years. When the time comes, we will divorce. None of this belongs to me." Amy put the box containing the earrings into her handbag.
	Robin didn't say anything. He couldn’t see through Richard or others.
	Richard has liked Allison since he was young. But Robin thought Allison was pretentious and arrogant. She was not polite to servants at all. Only before Richard would she pretend to be nice and kind.
	But Richard didn't believe anyone who spoke ill of Allison. In his heart, Allison was indeed the best.
	Thinking of this, Robin sighed deeply.
Chapter 65 Amy Was in Danger
	"Hey, Amy, this document is urgent. I'm busy right now. Take it to Room 888 of YC Hotel immediately. The daughter of the president of Dudley Group is waiting for you there." Zoe handed a document to Amy and asked her to send it out immediately.
	"Isn't Linda supposed to do it?" This kind of delivering work was usually done by Linda.
	"She is on the way to send something to other companies. Look at other colleagues. They are very busy. But your work isn’t important. Hurry up and go. Stop talking nonsense. We can't afford to waste time." Zoe was impatient.
	Amy looked at the documents in her hand. They were sealed. It would only take her two hours to go to YC Hotel and returned.
	"Alright." After packing her things, Amy put the documents into her bag and was ready to leave.
	Looking at Amy's back, Zoe sneered. 'Amy, I hope you're lucky.'
	Amy took a taxi and arrived at YC Hotel in more than 30 minutes. She got on the elevator and came to the eighth floor.
	It was very quiet on the eighth floor, as if nobody had gotten up yet. Not even a waiter was visible.
	Amy found Room 888. The door was left unlocked. Amy knocked on the door, but no one answered. She tried to listen and found that someone inside was taking a shower.
	Seeing that the door was unlocked, Amy thought that it was open for her. So, she went in and took out the document from her bag.
	"Miss Dudley, I've put the paper on the table. You can take a look after you finish." Amy said to the bathroom.
	Then Amy considered her job done and wanted to leave. She felt a little uncomfortable in this room. Something smelt pungent.
	But at this moment, the door closed from the outside. Amy tried to open the door, but she failed.
	The sound of water in the bathroom stopped. Then the door of the bathroom opened.
	Amy turned around and wanted Miss Dudley to open the door for her, but she was shocked by what she saw.
	There was no Miss Dudley but a man whose belly was bigger than a pregnant woman. He was bald, and his face was fat. He was fifty or sixty years old.
	He wasn't tall and had a towel wrapped around his thick waist.
	Where was Miss Dudley? Amy felt a little dizzy, and she started to feel a little hot.
	"Not bad, not bad. I like you. You are beautiful and have big breasts. That's great." The fat man walked to Amy, looking at her and smiling with satisfaction.
	"Who are you? Why are you here? Miss Dudley asked me to send her the document." Amy tightly gripped the doorknob. She wanted to go out. At a glance, she knew this man was not decent.
	But her feet were so limp that she couldn't even stand firmly.
	"I am Brent Dudley!" The fatty reached out his hand to touch Amy's face. Amy's skin looked fair, and he couldn't wait any longer.
	Although Amy felt hot and weak at the same time, she still gritted her teeth and avoided Brent's sexual assault.
	"Let me out. I'm married. How dare you!" Amy's voice sounded sweeter to Brent and made him hornier. How could he care about Amy's warning? He bent down and wanted to carry Amy away.
	Amy struggled. But she felt she was losing her strength. From Brent's point of view, her struggle meant to arouse him and increase the fun.
	Brent was fat and strong. He picked up Amy easily and walked towards the big bed.
	The humiliation of losing her virginity to an unknown man on her wedding night was recalled by Amy. And now the history was going to repeat itself.
	No. No! She wouldn’t allow it! Especially after she was married and cared about her husband!
	"Brent, stop! Or you are going to see a dead body!" Amy's eyes were filled with ruthlessness.
	Bang! Brent threw Amy onto the bed.
	"How dare you threaten me? Let me tell you. Even if you die today, you are going to die on my bed!" Brent shouted. He didn’t believe Amy at all. Come on, in this modern society, how could a woman kill herself just because she was raped?
	It was not the old day. No one valued chastity anymore.
	Amy's clothes had been torn off by Brent, revealing her pretty chest. Brent took a look, and he pounced over like a hungry wolf.
	Through the camera installed in the ceiling corner, Allison smiled happily when she saw this. If the video was posted online, she believed that nobody would ever have interest in Amy.
	Knowing things happened just as she wished and there was no way for Amy to escape, Allison left happily with a smile.
	While in the room, blood flowed out from the corner of Amy's mouth. Staring at the ceiling, she burst into tears.
	Just when she went desperate, the door was broken abruptly. And Richard walked in with a gloomy face.
	Brent's towel had fallen off his body and he turned to these two, looking like a hideous clown.
	Richard kicked Brent so hard at once that the latter fell to the ground heavily. Considering how fat Brent was, one could imagine how furious Richard was.
	Richard looked at Amy lying on the bed. She was as lifeless as a ragged doll. The sheet was stained by her blood.
	"Amy, Amy, you can't die without my permission!" Richard took off his suit and wrapped Amy up. He picked her up and rushed out. Before he left, he did not forget to say to his subordinates, "Break him!"
	Regardless of how hard Richard shouted, Amy was unconscious. She just wanted to die.
	Richard didn't notice his face was wet with his tears. He was so scared that if Amy left him like this, he would regret it for the rest of his life.
	After running countless red lights, Richard rushed into the hospital with Amy in his arms.
	The doctors were all ready. Seeing Richard, they started to help and sent Amy into the emergency room at once. Richard stayed with her all the time, holding her hand tightly.
Chapter 66 Punish Brent
	Later, Amy was sent to the operating room and the doctor came out to ask Richard to sign.
	"Mr. Carter, this girl was sent here by you. Do you want to wait for her family to sign or do it personally?" The doctor said to Richard.
	"I'll sign." Richard took the pen and signed his name.
	"This girl is tough. She almost bit off half of her tongue. It seems she doesn't want to live at all. What exactly happened?" The doctor saw Richard signing and sighed.
	He then looked at Richard again. 'He looks decent, but why did he push the patient so far?'
	That doctor had a bad impression of Richard.
	However, Richard didn't care about his opinion anyway. Then the doctor went into the operating room.
	Well, Richard did not notice the doctor's disdain for him. He learned from the doctor that Amy didn't want to live. What a silly girl! No matter what, her life mattered the most. How was she supposed to take revenge if she died?
	He paced back and forth outside the operating room, unable to calm down at all.
	The assistant, Donald McCain, came and reported to Richard that Brent had been crippled. He also found a document on the table. It seemed that someone had asked Amy to send the document and set her up in the hotel.
	"Find out who asked Amy to deliver the document today and then immediately question him who set this trap." Richard's eyes turned red.
	Donald looked at his boss. Richard had never been like this before. Was Amy important to him?
	However, Donald didn’t dare to ask. He quickly left to find out who set Amy up.
	When Amy woke up, she looked blankly at someone wiping her hands by the bed.
	She tried her best to open her eyes, but what she saw startled her. It was Richard!
	Amy wanted to say hello to Richard, but she couldn't say anything, for her tongue couldn't move at all.
	Hearing Amy's voice, Richard looked up.
	"Don't talk! I've never seen anyone as stupid as you to bite your tongue!" Richard was so excited to find that Amy woke up. He wanted to say something nice. But as he parted his lips, he got angry. As a result, he uttered something unpleasant.
	However, Amy saw tears at the corner of Richard's eyes. She reached out to help him wipe it off.
	"My eyes have been dry recently. They can't even absorb the eye drops." Richard hurriedly wiped away his tears.
	He was so happy. It had already been four days. Amy had been unconscious for four whole days. He was so worried.
	Amy retracted her hand. She thought that Richard cried for her, but it turned out that they were just eye drops.
	Amy closed her eyes again. Why was she in hospital?
	The heart-piercing pain reminded her of everything. Back then, she used all her strength to bite her tongue. She learned from books to commit suicide by biting one's tongue off when she was young. But as she really bit her tongue, she knew how much courage it would take.
	The last thing she remembered was that Brent pressed down on her. She didn't know what happened afterwards.
	Amy opened her eyes again. She looked at Richard, while Richard was staring at her. She could not speak and asked Richard what was going on with her eyes.
	"I happened to see you when I went to the YC Hotel for a meeting that day. I felt weird and I went to look for you and then I discovered that you were injured." Richard said indifferently. He didn't want Amy to worry anymore.
	"That fatty has been sent to the police station." Richard saw that Amy was still staring at him and knew that she was concerned about this matter.
	Amy felt better to know that Brent was sent to the police station. She checked her body and was relieved that she wasn't raped. Amy looked at Richard again. Why would he catch her in trouble every time?
	"Don't think too much. Nothing happened. You're fine. You just can't talk now. Have a rest. I come to see you for I don't have much to do now. But I have to go back to the company immediately. Hilary will come and look after you later." Richard was embarrassed to tell Amy that he hadn't left since she was sent to the hospital. Now that Amy woke up, he had to go back home to take a shower and shave.
	Amy nodded. Richard tucked her in before he left.
	After Richard left, Amy couldn't sleep anymore. It was Zoe who asked her to deliver something to Brent. She must have set up the trap to humiliate her. Amy determined to take revenge on Zoe after she was discharged from the hospital.
	"Amy, Amy, are you OK?" Hilary and Hannah ran over.
	When they knew that something had happened to Amy, they both wanted to come to see her. However, they were stopped by Richard. But he called them just now and told them to rush over immediately.
	Amy looked at her friends and wanted to laugh, but her mouth was numb and she couldn't feel it anymore.
	"Don't speak, Amy. You're amazing. You almost bit off your tongue. I'm scared even when I think about it." Hilary covered her mouth. That day, she was sent away by Zoe. To her surprise, something happened to Amy soon after she left.
	"Amy, I'm so sorry for what you've suffered." Hannah started crying. Oh, poor Amy.
	Amy held Hannah's hand tightly, implying that she was fine and asked Hannah not to feel sad.
	"Amy, let me tell you something. Zoe was beaten up by us. She was the one who plotted against you. Richard had found the truth, and she confessed. Hilary and I couldn't hold back our anger, so we hit her. Zoe is so shameless." Hannah reported to Amy about the situation in the company recently.
	Amy heard that Richard had investigated Zoe for her. But why did he do this? And she even planned to confront Zoe herself!
	"Richard said that you should rest and go to work after you fully recover. Your medical fee will be covered by the company. You will have the best treatment. Besides, what happened to you is totally intolerable in in HD Group. He will never allow this under his watch. Richard is so hot!"
	Hannah did not expect that Richard, who had wacky characters, would help her at such a critical moment. And she felt quite touched.
Chapter 67 Allison's Plot
	Zoe was indeed loyal to Allison. She didn't turn Allison in even when she had to bear the consequences herself.
	She hoped that Allison would return her favor and help her out when necessary. After all, Richard liked Allison, while things between Richard and Amy were just a fling. Everyone knew that Richard had been in love with Allison since he was young.
	Allison heard that Richard fired Zoe, and that Zoe was beaten up by Hannah and Hilary. Many people saw that, and Richard was even present. But he didn't stop them.
	'Amy, you are so annoying.' Allison was furious!
	Everything was well planned, but Amy messed it up. Allison could have posted the video online and ruined Amy's reputation so that Richard would lose interest in Amy.
	Holding a pencil in her hand, Allison had a gloomy face.
	'Amy, you're really lucky. You survived when your tongue was almost bitten off. Why don't you die?'
	The plan failed, and Zoe got involved. Allison lost her right-hand man.
	No, she would not spare Amy.
	Richard opened the door and entered the office. Allison immediately changed her look and put on her beautiful and gentle expression.
	"Richard, you're back. Let me get you some tea." Allison immediately stood up and walked up to Richard, helping him straighten up his clothes.
	Richard immediately held Allison's hand. Allison's cheeks flushed and she lowered her head sheepishly.
	"Richard," Allison said in a shy yet sweet voice. No man would resist the temptation from the way Allison behaved.
	Allison looked up. With watery eyes, rosy cheeks and pink lips, she stared at Richard.
	Richard did not have the slightest reaction to such a beauty, although this was what he had always dreamed of.
	"Allison, don't play these tricks anymore." Richard released Allison's hand.
	Allison hugged Richard's waist and cried.
	"Richard, I know it was my fault back then. But when I was abroad, I missed you every day. I've given up my career and came back. I know I was wrong. Please forgive me." Allison cried, looking so weak that people felt that she could collapse at any moment and wanted to protect her.
	"Allison, I have never blamed you. Don't think too much. I have to go to work now." Richard touched Allison's hair. Ever since he was young, he had been loving stroking Allison's hair.
	His behavior caused Allison feeling as if they had gone back to the happy old days.
	Richard was old-schooled. After being in a relationship with Allison, he never crossed the line, except holding Allison's hands and hugging her.
	Allison felt that she was not attractive. When she asked him about that, Richard would answer affectionately, "Allison, I want to make love to you on our wedding night."
	At that moment, Allison believed that Richard's love for her was real and unique and she could not be replaced by others.
	But now, although Richard cared about her very much, she found they were distant.
	"Richard, I'll get you some water." Allison wiped her tears.
	Richard no longer loved her like before. Allison's tears used to wring Richard's heart, but now he chose to ignore them.
	"Alright, thank you." Richard walked to his desk. He spent much time with Amy every day and the work to be dealt with was piling up. He needed to deal with it as soon as possible so that he could go to visit Amy in the evening.
	"Richard, you seem to be haggard lately. How is Amy? How poor she is! Why don't we go to visit her tonight?" As Allison served water for Richard, she pretended to be concerned about Amy.
	"Allison, it's kind of you. Amy has come to herself. She's fine. You don't have to worry about her. I have my plan tonight. I will go to visit her if time allows." Richard did not agree to visit Amy with Allison.
	In Richard's mind, it felt that he was showing off his mistress if he went to visit Amy with Allison.
	"But I'm worried about her. I'll go to visit her in the afternoon. She's my colleague. I should go and take a look at her after such a horrible accident happened to her." Allison insisted.
	Seeing that Allison insisted, Richard agreed.
	"Alright then, just go. Take care of yourself." After Amy’s incident, Richard began to pay particular attention to girls' safety when they went out alone.
	"I will. Richard, you're the best." After saying that, Allison happily returned to her seat.
	Richard smiled at Allison. Allison was always considerate.
	Allison returned to her seat. She got a message from Zoe, saying that Brent had been crippled and asking Allison to be careful. Zoe suggested she should keep the video and make it public when time was right.
	Allison deleted the message after reading it. She texted Zoe that she had received her message, and reminded her to delete the messages as well. Then no one would find the truth.
	Allison stole a glance at Richard and saw that he was indeed busy with his work. He had been absent from work for several days. Except showing up on the day Zoe was fired, Richard hadn't come to the company again. Over the past four days, Richard had been staying in the hospital.
	Amy was no match for Allison at all. Things between Richard and Amy were just a fling. After all, Amy was a careless woman, completely different from Allison. Once Richard lost interest in her, he would change his mind.
	Allison calmed herself down, but she still couldn't let down her guard. She had to force Richard to marry her one way or another.
	*****
	Amy had been in a coma for four days. Therefore, she didn't doze off during the day now. She was recovering and could take a walk, but she couldn't speak. She learnt from Hannah that there were more than twenty stitches on her tongue. After all, Amy really wanted to end her life back then.
	Richard got the best ward for Amy, which Amy was grateful about. The expenses were borne by the HD Group.
	Sitting on the sofa, Amy turned on the TV and watched it.
	All TV dramas were soaps. After switching among channels, she didn't find anything she liked. Amy then turned to the news channel.
	"Amy, are you feeling better?" Someone pushed the door open and came in with a basket of fruit.
	Amy took a glance, finding it was Allison. So she continued watching TV.
	"Amy, I heard that your tongue was almost bitten off. Why are you so hard on yourself? How pitiful you are!" Allison felt even angrier since Amy ignored her.
Chapter 68 A Quarrel in the Ward
	Seeing that Amy ignored her and continued watching TV, Allison got even angrier.
	Amy's family had gone bankrupt. Why was she so proud? Allison sat beside Amy.
	"Amy, I heard that the man who humiliated you was already sixty years old. He was fat and ugly. How did you endure him? I feel disgusted just to think about it." Allison said these to Amy on purpose.
	Allison waited for Amy to go crazy so that she could play nice.
	However, Amy, though only unable to speak, acted as if she was also deaf. Allison said many harsh words, and Amy seemed not to hear anything.
	"Amy, I know you were not raped, but others don't. You will get married sooner or later. If your future husband knows that you were sexually assaulted, will he still want you? If you are married, won't your husband be sad he finds it out? Well, I don't think you're married. You have been in hospital for so long, yet your husband never showed up." Allison chose the most poisonous words for they were the only ones in the ward.
	Amy finally responded to Allison's words. She turned around and smiled at Allison, moving her lips without making a sound.
	"It's none of your business!"
	However, Allison failed to understand her. She only saw Amy's smile. Her smile was so beautiful and pure.
	"What did you just say?" Allison asked.
	"She said it was none of your business!" Hannah came back. She was just out to buy some food and Allison went in. Allison was really a jinx.
	"Who are you?" Allison did not know Hannah, but she noticed that Hannah was not very friendly to her.
	"I'm Amy's friend." Hannah put aside the things she had bought. She did not know Allison, but she didn't like her look. Hannah didn't envy Allison's beauty. She just somehow felt that Allison was hypocritical.
	"Well, birds of a feather flock together. I'm here to visit Amy out of care. Is this how you treat others’ kindness? How ill-bred you are!" Allison ridiculed Hannah.
	"Ill-bred? Miss, you think you are well-bred? We are only kind to cultured people. Why should we be polite to someone like you? All you can do is talk bullshit." Hannah's words were like bullets.
	Although Amy was unable to speak, she wanted to pay Hannah a compliment. They smiled knowingly and high-fived as a sign of victory.
	"You peasants! Visiting you is a humiliation to me." Allison stood up. She felt that she was an elegant lady, for her rich family nurtured her temperament. However, when she satirized Amy, she never thought of that.
	"Then please leave. We didn't ask for your visit. Women like you disgust us! Scram!" Hot-tempered as Hannah was, she waved her hand and drove Allison away.
	Allison snorted and stood up. However, the moment she stood up, she saw Kevin looking inside. So, she sat down again.
	"I come to see Amy with good intentions. Why do you want me to scram?" Allison said, aggrieved.
	The sudden change in Allison's tone stunned Hannah and Amy. Allison was mean just now. Why did she suddenly play pitiful?
	"Amy, Hannah, Allison! You are all here." Kevin only saw Amy and Hannah, and he didn't see Allison.
	"What are you doing here?" At the sight of Kevin, Hannah became alert.
	"I come here to see Amy. I didn't expect you to be here. I didn't mean to." Kevin knew that Hannah didn't like him. They hadn't met each other ever since he forced a kiss on Hannah.
	"Allison, is there anything wrong? Did they say anything?" Kevin looked at the pitiful Allison and then shifted his gaze to Amy and Hannah.
	Amy could not speak, but he knew Hannah's temper.
	'Hannah, Allison is Richard's girlfriend. How could you offend her?' Kevin thought so.
	"It's fine. It's all my fault. I shouldn't have made them angry. It's all my fault. Kevin, don't blame them." Allison pulled at Kevin's sleeve and said generously.
	"You are the most shameless person I have ever met." Hannah stared at Allison. How disgraceful Allison was!
	"Hannah, don't." Kevin pulled Hannah aside.
	"Why? I hate hypocrites. Who does she think she is? Mother Theresa? Well, she was not like this just now. She just called our peasants. Who's the ill-bred one now?" Hannah was enraged by Allison.
	Kevin couldn't stop Hannah. "She's Richard's girlfriend. Do you want Richard to pay for Amy's medical expenses or not?" Kevin whispered in Hannah's ear.
	Sure enough, it worked. Hannah regained some composure.
	That was right. If Amy wanted to get the best treatment, Richard should be the payer. He could afford the best and the most expensive medicine.
	Hannah adjusted her clothes and pulled Amy out of the ward. "Let's go to the bathroom."
	Allison and Kevin were left in the ward.
	"Allison, do you want a ride?" Kevin wanted to send Allison away. Otherwise, if they got into a fight, he didn't know what to do.
	"It's okay, Kevin. I'll just go back by myself. Hannah and Amy are not as nice as they look. You should be careful." Allison advised Kevin.
	"Yeah. I know. Then be careful on the way back." Kevin walked Allison to the elevator.
	Richard was very busy during the day, so he asked Kevin to come over and see what Amy needed. Kevin was both happy and shocked the moment he came.
	He was happy that Hannah was also here. He had been missing her for a long time.
	What was shocking was Allison's presence. Richard spoiled Allison, so Richard's friends showed excessive patience with Allison.
	Fortunately, Hannah listened to him and Allison was sent away. It would be much easier to get along with Hannah now.
	However, Kevin was wrong. He helped Allison, so Hannah held even more prejudice against him.
Chapter 69 Richard Is Not Leaving?
	Kevin had thought after Allison left, Hannah and Amy would feel better. Otherwise, they definitely would bicker. And if they did, he would just end up in a dilemma.
	He thought that he had done the right thing. However, when Hannah and Amy came back and noticed Allison had left, they vented their anger on Kevin.
	"She's gone. Why are you still here?" Hannah said coldly to Kevin. She hated it that Kevin was enthusiastic about Allison.
	"What does her leaving have anything to do with me?" Kevin felt wronged. Hannah couldn't get along with Allison. How did this become his fault?
	Hannah ignored Kevin. She helped Amy to the bed and asked her to open her mouth so she could apply medicine to her wounds.
	That medicine was very expensive. It was said that it was effective in wound healing.
	"Try this too. It's also quite effective. It was bought from France. I come here to give you the ointment especially." Kevin then remembered that he was here to deliver the ointment. He almost forgot about it.
	"You can't do a damn thing right. Hand it to me." Hannah walked over and snatched the medicine away. She took a closer look, but she was not as good at French as Amy. So, then she handed the medicine to Amy.
	Amy took a look and nodded. Hannah put away the medicine.
	"Then thank you. You can leave now." Hannah started to drive Kevin away.
	"It's about time for dinner. I have an idea. I'll buy you some food before I leave." Actually, Kevin had noticed that Hannah bought a lot of food.
	However, they were all snacks. He felt that they might get hungry later.
	"We have snacks, so don't bother. You can leave." Hannah wasn't nice to him.
	That day, Kevin forced a kiss on Hannah. Although Hannah looked angry, her heart was pounding.
	Hannah even dreamed of him during these days. But Kevin helped Allison today, and that ruined Hannah's good impression of Kevin. Besides, he took away her necklace and didn't intend to give it back.
	Kevin glanced at Hannah and then looked at Amy. He walked over and said to Amy.
	"Amy, Mr. Carter asked me to see you. Have a good rest." Without saying goodbye to Hannah, he turned around and left.
	"Who the hell does he think he is? He's so easy to get angry. Indeed, those that get along with Allison can't be good. They have no manners." Hannah said as she watched Kevin's back.
	Hannah was so angry. Kevin kissed her, but he left without saying anything to her.
	Amy looked at her best friend. She wanted to laugh, but because of her injured tongue, she couldn't.
	Amy knew Hannah well. Although Hannah was fierce and tough, she would not bother with such trivial matters. Once she did, it meant she definitely had fallen for that guy.
	Hannah finished applying the medicine for Amy, and she was still angry with Kevin.
	When the ward door opened again, Kevin and Richard were both standing outside.
	Kevin was holding a plastic bag in his hand which was full of food.
	"I went to buy some food for you. You can't just eat snacks. Let's eat them outside. Richard has something to say to Amy." Kevin found that Richard wanted to talk to Amy, so he planned to take Hannah out.
	However, Hannah did not understand what Kevin meant.
	"I don't want to eat." She was still angry. Kevin walked over and pulled her out while holding her hand.
	"You..." Before Hannah could say anything, she had been pulled out by Kevin.
	Richard walked up to Amy's bed. He took a look and found that the new ointment given to her today was intact. Amy was using the old ointment.
	"The new one is better. Don't use the old one. The tongue cannot be bandaged and is in saliva all the time. It's hard for the tongue to heal, so you need to use the best ointment." Richard said to Amy and threw away the ointment that had only been used once.
	Amy felt sorry for the ointment that was thrown away. She cursed secretly that Richard was wasting money. She heard from nurses that this tiny box of ointment cost several thousand and Richard just threw it away.
	"Open your mouth and let me see how your tongue is." Richard asked Amy to open her mouth, but Amy did not want to. Her tongue was sewn up. It must be very ugly. She did not want to show Richard her ugly side.
	"What are you afraid of? I've seen it at its worst. It almost fell out at that time. It should look okay right now. Doctors used transparent sutures." Richard comforted Amy. He still remembered when he saw Amy's mouth at that time, he was shocked.
	If he didn't accidentally found Amy, he would have faced a dead body now. He would have been widowed.
	Frightened, Richard understood his feelings even better. He had fallen in love with Amy and could not lose her. He probably would be the one that went back on the two-year contract.
	Hearing what Richard said, Amy reluctantly opened her mouth.
	The operation was perfectly done and the stitches were not visible at all. Richard was satisfied.
	After that, Richard took the snacks that Hannah bought and ate them. It took him a whole day to finish the work that had been piling up for four days and he hadn't eaten all day. He was starving right now.
	Richard ate half of the snacks that Hannah bought.
	Amy looked at Richard curiously. She had never seen a man that was this into snacks. He almost ate up the snacks Hannah bought.
	"You can't eat now. Stop looking at me." Richard noticed that Amy was looking at him, so he turned around. He thought that Amy wanted the snacks.
	Amy hurriedly withdrew her gaze. Anyway, he could buy the food after he ate it. He was rich.
	After he was full, Richard spread out the things he had brought. He sat on the sofa and changed his shoes.
	Amy looked at him again. What was he doing? Was he going to sleep here?
Chapter 70 Richard Was Called Away
	Richard seemed to stay for the night, so Amy was a little anxious. She was married. How could she sleep in the same room with another man?
	Amy got out of bed, walked up to Richard, and wrote a few words.
	"Mr. Carter, go home."
	Richard looked at it and got confused. He had stayed with her for four days, and now she asked him to leave? Didn't he take good care of her?
	He read those words and looked up at Amy with eyes as beautiful as black pearls.
	Amy was looking at him. But when his gaze settled on her, Amy hurriedly dodged it.
	'My god. He is gorgeous.'
	"I'm not going back today. I've brought everything. I'll stay here with you today." Richard forgot that Amy did not know that he was her husband. He just felt that it was natural for him to take care of his wife.
	Amy hurriedly waved her hand. She did not want her husband to misunderstand anything. Although the marriage would only last two years, it was protected by the law. Besides, her husband felt so inferior that he was afraid to meet anyone. If she cheated on him, how devastated would he be?
	However, Richard ignored her and turned to the computer.
	Amy had no choice but to text Robin. She had not returned home for four days. Robin must be worried. She had to tell Robin in case that he should be over-worried.
	Amy told Robin that she was fine, and she asked Robin to send a servant to take care of her so that she could send Richard away.
	After the message was sent, Robin quickly replied. He said that someone had told him that Amy was fine, but the servants were very busy recently. They needed to clean up the villa and do some decorations, so no one was available to serve her.
	Amy read the message and got helpless. 'Lord. No servant can make it. What excuse should I use to drive Richard away?'
	She wrote a few more words for Richard.
	"I'm fine now. I don't need anyone to take care of me anymore. I just can't speak. Other than that, I'm perfectly fine."
	Richard took a look at those words and pursed his lips. What was going on? Shouldn't she be happy that the president of the HD Group was taking care of her? It seemed that she didn't want him to be here.
	Richard turned off the computer. He stared at Amy. She was a little pale, probably caused by excessive bleeding. Her hair was a little messy, and she hadn't showered for many days. He could vaguely smell the sweat on her body.
	"Let's go to the bathroom." Richard suddenly stood up and pulled Amy towards the bathroom.
	What was he doing? Amy was shocked. Was he going to take her to the bathroom? No, she didn't want that.
	"Don't be nervous. I remember that you haven't taken a bath for a few days. Go in and take a bath. I'll have your clothes delivered." Richard said to Amy after adjusting the temperature of the water.
	Amy blushed. Indeed, she hadn't showered in days and now her boss, a man, brought this up. It really embarrassed Amy.
	However, Richard was calm. After preparing the water, he left.
	The door closed. Amy went red as a beet. What was it with Richard and her? Every time she was in an embarrassing state, Richard would be there!
	The water was warm, Amy decided to take a bath. She closed the bathroom door and took off her clothes.
	"You are not feeling well? Is your family doctor around? Ask the doctor to give you a check-up. I have something to do now, so I might not be able to come." Amy heard Richard was on the phone outside.
	Without even thinking about it, Amy knew who it was. It must be Allison.
	"Alright, then I'll come right over. Wait for me." Richard glanced at the bathroom, and Amy had not come out.
	"Amy, I need to leave for a while. Wait for me." Richard went out. Amy heard the door closed, and then the entire room quieted down.
	Just now, she wanted to drive Richard away. Now he really left, but she felt lonely somehow.
	After taking a bath, she came out in her dirty clothes. Since she was sent to the hospital, she had not changed.
	"Kevin, don't follow me. You should head in that direction. Go that way!" Hannah's voice came from outside the door.
	She was like Kevin's natural enemy. As long as they met, she would scold Kevin.
	"I'm not following you. I'm here to send clothes to Amy. Don't flatter yourself." Kevin was pushed to retaliate.
	"You'd better be. Give me the clothes and I'll give them to Amy." Hannah stood at the door, crossed her arms, and blocked the door.
	"This is the task that Richard gave me. Why should I give them to you? Get out of my way!" Kevin said to Hannah with a gloomy face.
	"No, I won't." Hannah raised her face high.
	"You damn jinx." After Hannah howled, Kevin came in. He was holding a paper bag in his hand.
	"Amy, these are your clothes. Richard said that you needed them. Get changed." Kevin was quite nice to Amy. He thought Richard was hard to be seen through. He was both nice to Allison and Amy. He used to be loyal to Allison, but now he got in trouble.
	Amy nodded at Kevin and took the clothes. The clothes on her body were really uncomfortable.
	Hannah walked in with a gloomy face. She didn't even look at Kevin and went straight to the sofa.
	Kevin didn't say anything to her anymore. She had had the food he bought anyway. He didn't need to worry about the rest anymore. He also had to go back to have dinner.
	Kevin left, and Amy got changed. There was everything she needed in the bag. Even the bra was the right size. Richard was really unbelievable.
	"Amy, you look really good in this dress. A woman said Mr. Carter asked her to buy these. She has a good taste." Hannah found Amy was beautiful in that fitting dress.
	"Amy, I must be haunted recently. I often see Kevin in my dreams. Did he use some kind of magic and cast some sort of spell on me?" Hannah pulled Amy over and told her about her distress.
	Amy wrote a few words on the coffee table with water after looking at Hannah for a while.
	Hannah saw it and immediately waved her hand.
Chapter 71 Cathy Taught Richard a Lesson
	"No. Of course not! Why do I like him? He's a playboy. I like committed men." Hannah was already in love with someone for a long time. It was just that she didn't know where he was now.
	Seeing Hannah shaking her head, Amy did not say anything more. Hannah was not the type to keep secrets. It was just that sometimes even she herself didn't know her true feelings.
	Before they could talk much, more visitors came. This time it was two "big shots", Hilary and her mother Cathy.
	"Oh dear, what's going on? Why did you get hurt? What's wrong with your boss? How could he let this happen?" As soon as Cathy walked in, she held Amy's hand and sized her up. Fortunately, Amy was not seriously injured.
	"Mom, what are you talking about?" Hilary reminded Cathy. Only then did Cathy remember that Amy's boss was her son.
	Anyway, it must be Allison's fault. She kept causing trouble after she came back.
	"Amy, don't worry. Take care of yourself and rest well. Don't go back to work until you get better!" Cathy sat beside Amy. She looked at Amy and wanted to cry. Every woman would be scared and helpless when she was in that horrible situation.
	Amy nodded. After saying that, Cathy noticed that there was nothing on Amy's wrist. Amy did not wear the bracelet Cathy had given her.
	"Honey, why aren't you wearing the bracelet I gave you? It can bless you. You must wear it all the time. Do you hear me?" Cathy actually had a point.
	From the underworld to the government, Everyone in R City wouldn't touch the person with the jade bracelet. They knew that the bracelet belonged to the Carter family, and they knew the Carters were not the ones they should mess up with.
	"She's right, Amy. I'll go to your place and bring you the bracelet tomorrow. That's your armor. You'll be safe wherever you go," Hilary added. But at this moment, they didn’t know this bracelet almost got Amy killed.
	"You're Hannah, right? You look like a nice girl. Pretty, too." After talking to Amy, Cathy turned around and saw Hannah. Hilary had mentioned Hannah to Cathy. Hilary said that Hannah was a righteous girl. Cathy really liked girls, but she had two sons. Fortunately, her last baby was a girl.
	"Hi, you must be Hilary's mother." Hannah felt a little timid over Cathy's praise.
	"Yeah. And you can also see me as your mother. I really want three sweet daughters like you." Cathy was so happy. She would kill for three cute daughters.
	"Oh, that will be great." Hannah also liked this beautiful and dignified lady the first time she saw Cathy.
	They had a really nice chat, while Amy only listened and smiled.
	Richard came back when they were in the middle of a chat.
	He looked at these women in the room and frowned. His mother and sister really liked to join in the fun, especially his mother. Cathy liked girls so much that she wanted all the girls to be her daughters. Richard felt that his brother and he were like adopted children.
	"Huh, look who's here with a dark face." Cathy got sullen when she saw Richard. She knew that Richard must have been dragged away by Allison. That bitch.
	Cathy was angry that Richard went out for Allison instead of staying here with his wife Amy.
	"Thank you for coming to see Amy. You must be Hilary's mother. I am the president of the HD Group," Richard said seriously.
	And Cathy became serious too.
	"Oh, you are the president of the HD Group? No wonder you look so familiar. What's wrong with you? Your employee got injured, but you didn't stay here with her? What are you doing out there?"
	Cathy just wanted to vent her anger. She hated to see Richard being together with Allison.
	Richard could only lower his head and let Cathy scold him. He knew that his family did not like Allison. He had thought that they had a prejudice against Allison, so he insisted on being with her.
	But now that Richard had married Amy, he didn't love Allison that much.
	"Do you know what you did wrong now? Don't think that you can do anything just because you're the president. Take care of your employee and stop thinking nonsense," Cathy gave him a good scolding.
	Seeing this, Amy and Hannah got very nervous. They were afraid that Richard might get back at them after Cathy left.
	Cathy got tired and thirsty after all the scolding. Richard even poured her a glass of water.
	Cathy drank the water and wiped her mouth.
	"Alright, we have to go now. Mr. Carter, we're got eyes on you. Take good care of your employee." Cathy was about to leave the room to Richard and Amy so that they could have some privacy.
	"Hannah, let's go. Let Mr. Carter take care of Amy. There is a shop selling yummy ice cream in the west street. I'll treat you." Cathy pulled Hilary and Hannah away like a child.
	Amy wanted to stop them. She didn't want Mr. Carter to take care of her. It was too embarrassing.
	But the three women succumbed to the ice cream and left without hesitation.
	"Look, I didn't want to stay. It's your aunt that kept me here. I didn't go far just now. I got a good doctor and sent him to the Field's." Richard explained to Amy.
	He didn't know why he explained it to Amy. Amy also felt it unnecessary. She was his employee, and she couldn't stop him from doing anything.
	Early in the morning, the doctor and nurse came and gave Amy a drip.
	Richard woke up early. He held Amy's hand for the nurse. He watched the nurse putting the sharp needle into Amy's hand and felt that his heart was broken.
	When it was all done, Amy was still asleep. Too many people came to see her yesterday. A lot of things happened, so she was very tired.
	Richard tucked her in. He pulled up a chair and sat beside her while watching the drops trickle down, all the way into her body.
Chapter 72 Beautiful Black Swan
	Amy had been in hospital for half a month. But neither her husband or his family had come to see her once. Even Robin didn't show up. It disappointed Amy a lot.
	However, Richard stayed with her all the time. Some doctors and nurses would ask Amy if Richard was her husband.
	Thanks to the best medicine, Amy's tongue had almost healed. Now she only had some difficulty speaking and eating. Other than that, she was perfectly fine.
	Her doctor said that she could get discharged and rest at home, since she had started to eat liquid food, which could supply the necessary nutrition.
	Robin took Amy home from the hospital. However, Amy was not happy. She treated Robin and the others as her family.
	But no one came to see her when she was in hospital.
	Robin was wronged. Ever since Amy was sent to the hospital, he had been very worried.
	Yet he could not tell Amy what he had done, because it was Richard who asked him to do so. Anyway, Robin was relieved and happy when Richard went to take care of Amy in the hospital. Richard cared more about Amy now. Maybe it wouldn't take long for Richard to get over Allison.
	Robin didn't notice Amy's sad feelings. He drove home and helped Amy into her room as usual.
	Amy found that the house had changed a lot in the past half month.
	The black furniture had given way to something light. It looked like full of life now.
	She walked back to her room, where the changes were even greater. The curtains turned blue, and the blankets changed from black and white to pink. Also, the big bed had been changed to something made of wood. In short, they were all in colors that Amy liked.
	"Mrs. Carter, how do you like it? Mr. Carter asked us to get these changed. He said that you liked these colors," Robin said to Amy.
	Amy nodded. She liked it a lot. The room was full of life now. The black and white furniture would just depress her.
	However, Amy remembered that she hadn't told her husband about it. How could he know that she liked these colors?
	Anyway, it didn't matter. Now she knew that her husband actually cared about her. She was happy to have such a husband. Even if their marriage wouldn't last long, things he had done were enough for her to remember him forever.
	"Mrs. Carter, have some rest. The tonic needs to take a while." Robin was happy that Amy was satisfied. He got the nod for his work.
	Amy nodded again. She lay on the new bed. It was very soft. And the new blanket smelled so good.
	Amy took off her clothes and got under the quilt. She felt like she was in someone's embrace, which made her feel at ease.
	She fell asleep soon. She didn't feel worried or frightened at home. She got relaxed and had a sound sleep.
	*****
	"Richard, there's a ballet competition tonight. Can you go with me?" Allison said to Richard with two tickets in her hand, looking excited.
	Richard put down his pen. He had been giving Allison the cold shoulder recently. Now he thought that he could see the ballet with her. That was Allison's favorite.
	"Yeah, sure." Richard smiled at Allison.
	"Oh, you're so sweet. You've always been so nice to me." Allison pulled Richard's sleeve, acting pouty and flirty.
	"Alright, get prepared. After work, we'll have dinner first and then see the ballet." Richard was a little touched that Allison had given up the competition for him this year.
	Allison had done ballet for over twenty years. She basically started learning ballet since she could walk.
	"Alright, then let's go to the restaurant where we went last time. I like the food there a lot." Allison was overjoyed.
	Richard still loved her very much. He knew that ballet was her life. Even if he didn't like ballet at all, he would still go with her.
	Richard watched Allison leaving in a good mood. He called Robin and told him to take good care of Amy and gave her everything she wanted.
	Allison changed into a white dress and put on white high heels. She let her long hair down, looking like a beautiful goddess.
	And Richard was wearing a black suit. He even looked fashionable in that pink shirt.
	When they arrived at the theatre, they attracted a lot of attention. Richard was handsome, and Allison was elegant. They looked like a perfect couple.
	Allison held Richard's hand even more tightly. She wanted everyone to know that this outstanding man belonged to her.
	On the stage, each pair of dancers showed their best performance. Allison would give comments on them as a professional and Richard would listen.
	Halfway through the competition, a pair of dancers won deafening applause when they got on the stage.
	The ballerina leading in this piece was dressed in a black ballet dress. It made her very different from those dancers in white. Moreover, she showed up with a fancy and difficult move. And she did it perfectly.
	After that, the ballerina danced to the music. Her every move was just perfect.
	Even Richard, who didn't like ballet, widened his eyes and stared at the ballerina on the stage.
	At the end of the song, the ballerina bowed and left. But the audience kept clapping for her.
	The ballerina danced so well, but Allison did not applaud. Instead, she clenched her fists.
	When the ballerina left the stage, Richard stood up and walked to the backstage.
	"Richard!" Now Allison regretted asking Richard to come here with her.
	"Stay here. I'll be right back." Richard turned around and said to Allison.
	Amy, with her headwear removed, was removing her makeup in front of the mirror.
	"Amy, you are amazing. It's a pity that you didn't further your study." Lea Hood, Amy's ballet teacher, was helping her with the makeup.
	"Ms. Hood, you know that I don't like ballet that much. I'm into languages." A dancer got sick today, so Lea called Amy for help. And Amy came without hesitation.
	Amy spoke very slowly. She did not want her teacher to find that her tongue was hurt.
	"Yeah. You also have a gift for languages. Well, everyone has his own ambition. Anyway, thank you. Let's have dinner together after the competition," Lea said to Amy.
	"She'll pass. She has other things to do." Richard walked behind Amy and pulled her up while she was chatting with Lea.
Chapter 73 Hesitate
	Amy did not expect to see Richard here. Richard pulled her out while she was confused. Then Amy shook off his hand when she figured out what was going on.
	If her tongue did not get hurt, she would have cursed him. It was none of his business. Why did he stop her from doing anything?
	"What's wrong?" Richard was shocked when Amy suddenly shook off his hand.
	"I can walk on my own!" As Amy spoke word by word, she tied her hair up and walked in front of Richard angrily.
	Richard followed Amy out of the theater. He had completely forgotten about Allison.
	"Why are you following me?" Amy's face darkened as she glared at Richard with watery eyes.
	"I..." Richard didn't know why he followed Amy. He just wanted to hide her up when she appeared in public in skimpy clothes.
	"Goodbye. Suit yourself." Amy made a gesture. She had difficulty speaking, and didn't want to embarrass herself in front of Richard.
	"Wait, you haven't had dinner. Let me take you to dine." Richard looked at his watch. Dancers didn't eat before a performance. Amy must be very hungry now, so Richard wanted to take her to dinner.
	Amy waved her hand. She tried her best not to spend time with Richard. She was afraid that she would fall in love with him.
	"Richard, what are you doing out here? Amy?" Allison went out after Amy and Richard. Allison had waited a long time, but Richard didn't return. So she went backstage to look for him. However, staff there told her that they did see Richard, but he left with a ballerina.
	Allison got furious. Amy was so shameless that she did ballet to seduce Richard.
	So Allison went out to them and saw them standing at the door, in a stalemate.
	"Allison? Why did you come out?" Richard saw Allison and remembered that she was waiting for him.
	"You didn't come back, so I came out to look for you. Amy, you're here, too. What a coincidence! I just saw a ballerina, and she really looks like you." Allison walked over. She did not hold Richard, but acted like she was intimate with Amy.
	Amy glanced at Allison. Allison was good at playing innocent in front of Richard. Amy wondered when Richard would know Allison’s true face.
	"Yeah, that's me!" Amy said.
	"Oh, you're amazing. It's a pity that you didn't keep dancing. I know a great foreign dance teacher. You will become a prize-winning dancer if you take his class." Allison held Amy's hand and said to her.
	"Thanks, but I don't need that." Amy turned around and left.
	Allison looked at Amy with a surprised look. Then a trace of complacency flashed in her eyes.
	"Richard, did I say something wrong? Is Amy angry at me?" Allison looked aggrieved, and her tears welled up.
	Richard sighed. He had never been so speechless in his whole life.
	"Perhaps not everyone wants to make a name for themselves. Let's go. Amy has her own plan for life. But I know you mean well." Richard stared at Amy's back. Now he decided to tell Allison that he was married and that she should no longer have any feelings for him.
	"Richard, I'm really worried that you would abandon me. I want to tell you something. Let's grab some food, and I'll tell you everything," Allison said softly. There were tears in her eyes, and it broke Richard's heart.
	Richard nodded. He also had something to tell Allison.
	"Richard, do you know why I gave upon dancing and came back for you?" Allison said as she drank the milk tea.
	Richard was really curious why Allison suddenly came back.
	"Why?" Richard looked at Allison. He had known her since he was a little kid. She went dancing every day, regardless of the weather conditions. She was so cute when she danced. Richard had liked Allison very much.
	As time passed, they all grew up. With their friends' encouragement, they started dating as a matter of course.
	But for so many years, Richard had never felt jealous or worried because of Allison. Perhaps it was because Allison had been good and never caused him any trouble.
	"Richard, do you remember? When we were seventeen, a car raced toward you and I pushed you away and got hit. There wasn't anything wrong at that time. However, when I danced for a long time later, my legs hurt. I got examined in hospital. They told me that there was a crack in my bone, but nobody noticed it back then. Here is my examination report from that hospital." Allison took out the report from her bag and handed it to Richard.
	"I haven't contacted you all these years, because I went abroad for treatment. I could never do ballet again. I cried a lot. I was crazy, and I even thought of killing myself. But I remembered that you promised me. You said you would wait for me. So I came back to look for you." After saying that, Allison burst into tears.
	Richard recalled the incident when he was 17 years old. Allison wanted to save him and got hit by a car. But he remembered that the car was slowing down. Allison only had a few bruises from the car. She didn't have any internal injuries according to the examination results from the hospital.
	He didn't expect that it left a crack on her bone.
	Richard looked at the report. It said that Allison had a bone fracture and received treatment two years ago.
	The last words were in the big bold font, which said that Allison could not do strenuous exercises anymore.
	Richard realized that he ruined Allison's life. She loved dancing so much, but she had to give up. And his promise became the only thing that supported her to live on.
	Richard had decided to tell Allison that he was married, but now he couldn't say it anymore.
	Allison was crying hard, and Richard handed her a napkin.
	"I'm sorry. If I knew that the car accident would hurt you so much, I would have chosen to get hit myself. Allison, I'm so sorry to hear that." Richard felt bad for Allison.
	"Richard, don't say that. I don't need your apology. I don't want anything else. I just want you to love me like always." Allison wiped away her tears and stared at Richard.
Chapter 74 I Miss My Husband
	Amy took a taxi home. It had been a long time since she danced. She felt much better after dancing today.
	She was a little hungry. When she got home, Robin was waiting for her in the living room.
	"Mrs. Carter, the dinner is ready. You can wash your hands."
	They made dinner on time. Amy had just returned, and the dinner was ready. She did not tell them when she would be back.
	Perhaps it was just a coincidence. Amy didn't think too much. She was hungry, so she washed her hands and went to eat.
	There were various soups on the table, such as chicken soup and fish soup. There was also porridge and other soft side dishes.
	Amy looked at Robin gratefully. Robin was so considerate. He really took good care of her.
	"Mr. Carter asked me to prepare the food. He was sorry that he did not stay with you when you were injured. So, he wanted to make up for it when you came back." Robin thought for a while and decided not to take credit.
	Although Richard didn't want Robin to tell Amy about it, Robin thought that he had to betray Richard. Only in this way could Amy get impressed by her husband.
	"Oh," Amy replied briefly yet meaningfully.
	Although her husband and she had never seen each other, he cared about her.
	Amy decided to stay away from Richard. It was easy for her to fall for such a handsome and outstanding man when he offered help like this.
	After dinner, Amy went to take a shower. She started to miss her husband.
	She lay on the bed and hugged a new doll. Her husband was so sweet. He actually got her a doll, knowing that he couldn't often be around.
	"Darling, what are you doing? Don't you know that I miss you? Have you eaten yet? Do you miss me?" Amy muttered to the doll.
	The puppy doll just smiled at Amy no matter what she said.
	"Hey, do you know that a doll is very different from a living person? Even if you're ugly or disabled, I won't dislike you. You had doctors treat my father and took me in when I was having the worst time of my life. Even if you don't have any feelings for me, I think I'm in love with you." Amy still couldn't speak clearly, but she knew what she was talking about.
	After some time in bed, Amy fell asleep without a quilt on and with the doll in her arms. After all she had been worn out from ballet today.
	After sending Allison home, Richard was softened by her tears again. He had decided to spend the rest of his life with Amy, but he didn't know how to deal with Allison. It had become a big problem.
	When Richard returned to the villa, it was already past midnight. He turned off the electric switch in their bedroom before walking in.
	It was quiet. Richard could smell Amy's scent from the bath. He took a deep breath. He had grown to enjoy her scent and more importantly, her in this room.
	Richard walked to the bed and saw Amy curling up on the blanket, holding the doll tightly.
	Actually, it was not a new doll. It was Richard's favorite doll when he was a child. He liked to cuddle it to sleep. Now that he saw Amy cuddling it, he couldn't help but smile.
	Amy really didn't know how to take care of herself. Although she was in the room, the windows were all open. It was cold at night. She might get sick.
	Richard pulled out the blanket and tucked Amy in.
	Amy murmured. Richard didn't know what she was talking about. Her tongue was hurt, and it was funny when she spoke.
	Richard went to take a bath. When he got into bed, Amy nestled up to him. And then he felt her cold body.
	How long had she slept without the blanket? Richard held Amy in his warm arms.
	Amy felt very comfortable in Richard's warm embrace. She moved closer to his chest and found a comfortable position. Then she threw the doll away and cuddled Richard instead.
	Amy hugged him really tightly, but Richard just wished that they could sleep together for the rest of his life.
	Early in the morning, a ray of sunlight shone into the bedroom. Amy heard a bird and smelled flowers, which woke her up.
	She stretched and could not remember what had happened yesterday.
	Lying on the bed, Amy tried to refresh her memory about yesterday. She seemed to have irritated Richard again. No, to be exact, she had offended Allison, so Richard got mad too.
	‘What should I do? Should I still go to work today? It's going to kill me.’
	Amy had no choice but to get up. After washing up, she put on the bracelet that Cathy gave her. Hilary said that the jade bracelet could protect her. Then let her have a try today.
	After dressing up, Amy went downstairs. Robin had prepared breakfast for her.
	Seeing that Amy was dressed up, Robin asked, "Mrs. Carter, where are you going?" Yesterday, he did not ask Amy what she was going to do, and she went dancing. Richard got very angry and scolded Robin.
	"I'm going to work," Amy replied as she ate the porridge.
	"Mrs. Carter, you don't have to go to work so early. You're far from well. You could still take some time off. Our master is Richard's friend. So, he will say some good words for you." It had been less than a month since Amy got injured. She didn't need to rush into work.
	"No, I'm going." Amy insisted. She wanted to go to work. If she got divorced later, she would have to be on her own.
	Robin failed to persuade Amy, so he didn't say anything else. Anyway, there shouldn't be any big problems with Mr. Carter being there.
	"Alright, Mrs. Carter, you can go to work. But you're not fully recovered yet. So, I will drive you to work and pick you up every day." Robin insisted.
	Amy thought for a moment. She didn't see anything wrong with that. So, she agreed.
	Amy got a new director at the secretariat, who was transferred from other departments. It was a young girl, who looked to be in her twenties.
	The new director seemed to have heard some rumors and was very enthusiastic when she saw Amy.
	"Amy, you came to work so quickly? You work so hard. It's good that you're here. We're very busy now. Check this document for me. Circle everything important with a red pen." The new director Rubi Webb had got a way with words. She gave Amy some easy work, but she said that Amy helped a lot.
	So, Amy had a good first impression of Rubi.
Chapter 75 The Truth
	Hannah ran over when she heard that Amy had come to work.
	Hilary came after Hannah. Hilary wouldn't come to work until the last minute. She never liked to arrive early.
	"Why did you come back so soon? You got hurt at work. You should rest for a while longer. You can't speak very clearly right now." Hannah was very straightforward. She didn't even feel it when Hilary nudged her in the ribs.
	"I'm fine." Amy said briefly. The less she said, the clearer she sounded.
	"Oh, then what will you have for lunch? We could have porridge together. I know about a good restaurant nearby." Hilary was worried about Amy's lunch.
	"Wow. Finally. You put this on. I told you that it could protect you. You must wear it all the time. It's the best that you never take it off." Hilary lowered her head and saw Amy wearing her family's jade bracelet.
	"It's so beautiful. This jade bracelet is so delicate!" Hannah looked at the jade bracelet and thought that it was very pretty. It suited Amy well.
	Amy took her hand back and pointed at the document in front of her.
	"Alright, I'll leave you to your work. I'm going to work too. I'll come back at lunch." Amy was going to work, and Hannah had to go too.
	Hilary and Hannah had returned to their seats, and it became very quiet here at Amy's.
	She looked through the document and underlined the key points with a pen.
	Amy sorted out all the documents in the morning and handed it over to Rubi.
	"Amy, you are efficient. This is all you have to do today. You can do your own things in the afternoon."
	Amy smiled at Rubi. Now that Amy was free in the afternoon, what should she do? Should she go back home? Although there were a lot of people in the house, they barely talked to her. It was better to work here than go home!
	"Mrs. Carter, I've brought you lunch. Could you come down and get it?" At 11:30 am, Robin called Amy and told her that he had brought her lunch.
	Amy got downstairs and saw Robin standing there with a lunchbox.
	"Mrs. Carter, soup and dishes. They are still hot. You don't have to heat it. I have to go back now. I'll pick you up in the afternoon." Then Robin left.
	Amy carried two heavy lunchboxes. There must be a lot of love in it.
	She kept smiling even when she got in the elevator. She just couldn't hide it.
	Amy walked out when the elevator stopped on the 20th floor.
	"Amy." Someone was calling her from afar. Amy turned around and saw Allison, who came out from the finance department next door and saw Amy walking out of the elevator.
	"Amy, did your family bring you lunch? You're so lucky. I heard that you were married. Why don't you introduce your husband to us?" It was lunch time, and there were many people in the corridor. They all turned to Amy when they heard Allison.
	But Amy just ignored Allison and continued walking towards the secretariat with her lunchboxes.
	Suddenly, Allison saw the bracelet on Amy's wrist. And it pierced her heart.
	"What is this?" Allison forgot to be a lady anymore. She pulled up Amy's hand.
	The jade bracelet was an eyesore to Allison. She knew this jade bracelet. Many people in R City knew it. It stood for the matriarch of the Carter family.
	Only the woman, who married into the Carter family, could wear this bracelet. But how did Amy get it? Did she steal it?
	"Let go of me!" Amy hated Allison when she got dramatic. Amy was wearing her own bracelet, and it had nothing to do with Allison.
	"Amy, you're a thief. Do you know whose jade bracelet this is? It's mine." Allison had always thought that only she could inherit the jade bracelet. However, now Amy was wearing it. All Allison could think was that Amy owned it by stealing.
	The next second, they were surrounded by people on the 20th floor. There was a thief in the HD Group, and she stole Allison's thing. Everyone knew that Allison was Mr. Carter's girlfriend. So, they forgot about lunch and just wanted to know what was going on.
	When Hilary returned from the bathroom, she saw many people at the secretariat's door. She tried to squeeze in but failed.
	Hilary heard Allison say that the bracelet was hers. And Allison even accused Amy of stealing from her. Then Hilary lost it and became invincible. She pushed everyone away and squeezed her way in.
	Hannah also came to Amy for lunch. She heard Allison's voice and made her way into the crowd.
	Allison saw Hilary and said, "Hilary, it's good that you're here. Look, why is your family's bracelet on Amy's wrist? Did she steal it?"
	Hilary looked at the bracelet. Then she turned to look at Allison.
	"Allison, what did you just say? It's your bracelet?" Hilary didn't answer if Amy was a thief. She wanted to clarify whom this bracelet belonged to.
	"Yeah. It will be mine soon. I will marry Richard, and only I deserve the bracelet!" Allison said proudly.
	"So, you know that the bracelet belongs to Richard's wife. Now that Amy is wearing it, what else do you want me to say?" Hilary was irritated. She wanted to save Amy and call Allison's bluff, so she told the truth at once.
	"What? That's impossible. Richard is not married. How could Amy marry him? She just married an old man. She has never seen her husband. Hilary, you can't insult your brother just to help Amy." Allison did not buy it at all.
	‘Richard stays with me all the time. How could he marry Amy? If it were true, Amy would have been showing off already. No, no, Hilary must be lying. She never likes me.’ Allison thought to herself.
	Hilary got speechless and almost laughed. Allison was so arrogant. She actually believed that she was the only choice for Richard in the world. And Richard got to choose her. That was ridiculous.
	"She didn't insult me. Hilary is telling the truth. Amy is my wife!"
Chapter 76 She Is My Wife
	People gathered for gossip, but what Richard said stunned them all. And they choked on the news.
	It became so quiet on the 20th floor. They could hear each other's breathing.
	What just happened? What did Mr. Carter say? Amy was his wife. Damn. Had they offended Amy?
	Allison was the first one to be pulled back to reality. She slowly walked to Richard.
	"Richard, what's going on? Why did you say that? Don't you know it will break my heart?" Tears fell from her face like raindrops.
	"Allison, I'm telling the truth. Amy is my wife. I've married." Richard couldn't keep doing this. He couldn't have both. He had to choose the one that he actually fell for.
	Allison cried out, covered her face and ran away.
	The next second, the crowd dispersed. No one dared to gossip about their president. Now only Amy, Hannah, Hilary and Richard were left on the 20th floor.
	Amy hadn't figured out what was going on. Did she mishear?
	"Thank you." Amy walked to Richard. She thought that he was lying to save her.
	"I got to go. You guys take care of Amy." Richard was afraid that something would happen to Allison, so he chased after her.
	"What happened just now? Hilary, Hilary Carter, are you Richard's sister?" Hannah finally got it.
	"That's not my fault. I'm afraid that you won't hang out with me if you know about it." Hilary secretly looked at Amy.
	Amy looked calm and walked into the office with the lunchboxes. Hannah and Hilary followed behind her, not daring to say anything.
	Amy put the lunchboxes on her desk, but she had no appetite.
	She sat on the chair in a daze. Hannah and Hilary also sat down.
	"Amy, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to lie to you," Hilary whispered.
	"Leave me alone." Amy didn't want to talk to them. She asked them to leave and stayed alone in the office.
	Amy had to sort out her thoughts. Richard was just joking, right? He didn't marry her. He had no reason to do that. Since they met, they hadn’t got along with each other. Why did he marry her?
	Did it embarrass him to marry her? Richard didn't want to see her. They even signed a marriage contract for two years. That was to say that she should divorce him and make room for Allison in a year and a half.
	Now the good impression her mysterious husband left on her had gone. Richard was thinking about another woman and loved another woman. Perhaps Richard married her just for the sexual needs.
	Amy's face felt cold. She touched it and found that it was covered with tears.
	She pulled a tissue and wiped away her tears. Then she opened the lunchboxes. Her father had a surgery and was still recovering, so she could not divorce Richard unless he proposed.
	It seemed that Richard would divorce her soon. He loved Allison, so he wouldn't leave her in that awkward position for long.
	Anyway, Amy should eat something now. No matter what happened, she must fill her stomach. This was how her father taught her since she was a kid.
	Amy ate a lot, trying to squeeze those memories out with food. She only wanted to remember these delicacies.
	But after lunch, worries piled up in her heart again. She didn't want to leave Richard. But she wanted dignity, so she had to ignore that thought.
	Then Amy went home. She couldn't work here anymore. She didn't want people to talk about her all the time.
	Robin was surprised that Amy came home early. Why didn't she tell him that she was free in the afternoon? He could pick her up.
	"Robin, about Mr. Carter. It is his real surname, right?" Amy put away her things and asked Robin.
	"Yeah." Robin found Amy strange today.
	"Richard Carter?" asked Amy.
	Amy suddenly asked him about Mr. Carter's full name. Robin didn't know how to answer it.
	"Yeah. Mrs. Carter, why do you ask?" Robin felt that Amy was a little off today.
	"He told me everything. This bracelet belongs to the woman who marries into his family. But Robin, have you forgotten that our marriage will only last two years? It has been three months. So, I'll leave after one year and nine months. Why bother giving me this bracelet?" Amy took off the bracelet and handed it to Robin.
	"Mrs. Carter, Cathy gave it to you. And you can only return it to her. I don't know how to explain to her if you give it to me." Robin immediately took his hand back.
	"Alright, I'll give it back myself." Amy had known everything, but she felt miserable. She knew that Richard was her husband, but she was not happy about it.
	Amy even got a headache. She went upstairs and wanted to sleep for a while. She did not know what to do now.
	"Amy, are you alright? I'm almost recovered. Maybe I can go back to see you in a few days." Stephen, who was abroad, happened to call Amy and told her that he got better.
	"Dad, Dad, I miss you so much. I really miss you." When Amy heard her father's voice, her tears rolled down her cheeks.
	"I miss you too. Honey, I'm sorry that you have a tough time." Stephen was also wiping away his tears.
	His daughter and son-in-law were so good that they had found a suitable heart for him. Now, Stephen was a healthy man.
	Stephen still did not know that Matt had dumped Amy and ruined her life.
	Amy chatted with Stephen for a while before hanging up. Stephen was coming back, so Amy was thinking if she should call her aunt.
	After all, her aunt had been living in her mother's place.
	Stephen had been ill for so long, but her aunt had never come to see him. Moreover, she didn't even call Amy in the past three months.
	Where could Stephen stay when he came back? Their houses were are all mortgaged. Amy couldn't let him live on the streets. And she couldn't take him to this villa, either. She would leave soon. That was a big problem.
Chapter 77 Marry a Good Man
	Richard didn't come back all night. Amy didn't know if he had made up with Allison. Anyway, Amy didn't sleep well either. There were lots of things going on. And sometimes, she thought of Richard.
	When Amy woke up the next morning, she got dark circles under her eyes, which made her eyes look even bigger.
	Amy wanted to cover the dark circles, but she couldn't find any makeup. She never wore makeup. She only had a lipstick.
	Forget it. Even if she managed to cover them, it couldn't cover up how she was feeling. She was so tired.
	"Mrs. Carter, Mr. Carter said that you don't need to go to work today. You should rest at home." Robin said to Amy when she went downstairs.
	‘What? He just doesn't want me to upset Allison.’ Amy thought to herself. Never mind, she didn't care about it. Even if she couldn't work at the HD Group, she could find another job. It was time to resign. It seemed that she couldn’t stay in the company any longer.
	"Alright," Amy replied. She sat down and took her time with breakfast. She majored in German, so she might be able to find a few part-time jobs and do some translation. She couldn't work outside. Otherwise, Robin would ask her about it. After she made some money, she could move out.
	Robin felt bad for Amy as she remained silent. But he couldn't say anything because Richard told him not to talk much.
	Robin couldn't understand young people nowadays. He could tell that Richard cared about Amy. It was just that he didn't know how to show his care. Anyway, Richard would suffer in the end.
	After breakfast, Amy went upstairs silently. She turned on her computer and started looking for a job. She wouldn't resign to her fate. She would find ways to survive no matter what.
	On the other side, Richard did not sleep well either. He stopped following Allison after she got home.
	Then, he called Hadrian, Allison’s brother, and told him everything, hoping that Hadrian could persuade Allison.
	Richard never wanted to expose Amy to the public, but Allison had gone too far at that time. Moreover, he didn't know that Cathy had given the jade bracelet to Amy. But it showed that they had taken Amy into the family.
	What should he do now? If Amy came back to work again, what should his employees call her? Mrs. Carter? So, his wife worked in the secretariat, but another woman stayed in his office?
	It was such a headache. Yesterday, Allison was so sad that she ran away. Richard couldn't just tell Allison to move out of his office when she came to work today.
	Richard had never been such a coward since he entered the business world many years ago.
	"Richard, what was going on yesterday? Amy is your wife. So, that investigation you required was to check her background before marriage?" Kevin heard about it and came to Richard's office early in the morning.
	Kevin looked as if he had seen a ghost.
	"Yeah," Richard said indifferently.
	"You married Amy, so you should tell Allison about it. Now what are you going to do? Who will you choose? Are you going to divorce Amy since Allison is back?" Kevin asked.
	Everyone in R City knew that Richard loved Allison. Now that they pointed to a hard truth and only Amy would get hurt.
	"No." Richard looked at Kevin with dissatisfaction.
	"Then you're going to have both? I don't know if Allison will agree to it, but Amy will never compromise! You know Amy well." After seeing Amy for a few times, Kevin knew she was a tough girl with principles.
	"Who told you that?" Richard was getting angry because of Kevin. He had never thought of having both. He only wanted Amy.
	"Then what are you gonna do?" Kevin was relieved that Richard was not a jerk. If Richard gave up on Amy, Hannah would probably never speak to Kevin again.
	"If I knew what to do, I wouldn't be sitting here. I'm thinking. I wanted to tell Allison that I was married long ago, but I just couldn't say it." Richard was helpless.
	Richard looked like a tough man. But Kevin knew that he was soft-hearted when it came to Allison.
	"Then you can say it to Amy?" Kevin reminded Richard.
	Richard only sighed. He didn't know what to do. He didn't even go back last night. Amy must have misunderstood him again.
	"Richard." Allison's sweet voice came outside the door. Nobody had expected that she would come to work today.
	Kevin smiled awkwardly. "Well, you guys must want to have a talk. I got something to do." He glanced at Allison and knew that she didn't sleep well last night either. She got dark circles under her eyes.
	After Kevin left, Allison closed the door.
	"Richard, did you get married by accident? Did Amy seduce you and force you to marry her?" Allison walked to Richard and sat down.
	"No." Richard smelled Allison's perfume. He missed the natural fragrance on Amy.
	"Then your family forced you, didn't they?" Allison asked again, leaning on Richard's shoulder.
	Richard fell silent. His family did push him to get married, but he chose Amy himself.
	"Allison, it's not what you think. I chose to marry Amy." Richard concluded that he married Amy of his free will. Amy was the one who was forced to marry him.
	"Richard, is this your revenge on me for leaving you? But you didn't have to marry such a woman. Her family is bankrupt, and she was married before. I could accept it if you chose anyone else." Allison cried.
	Amy was married? Richard had never thought about it. It didn't matter to him. Amy was a virgin when she married Richard. Matt was just a scum.
	"Allison, you're a good girl. Now that you've come back, you should marry a good man who loves you. I'm married, so don't waste your time on me." Richard said firmly in the end.
Chapter 78 Get a Job
	Richard told Allison not to waste her time on him. However, Allison did not listen to him. She gave up her dancing career. She would be a total loser if Richard dumped her.
	Allison leaned against Richard and pulled off her skirt, showing her fair chest and shoulders.
	"Richard, you could have me. I'll give you everything. Please don't leave me. I love you. I really love you." Allison threw herself into Richard's arms. She tried to kiss him, but Richard stopped her.
	"Allison, to me, you're like a goddess and I'd like to keep it that way." Richard stood up from the sofa and helped Allison get dressed.
	"Richard, are you leaving me? My leg was broken for you, and I can't dance anymore. How could you leave me?" Allison refused to let Richard go.
	Richard paused for a moment. "I'm sorry, Allison. I'll make up for it in other ways." Richard did not hesitate this time. It was not good for anyone.
	With that, Richard left. He did not want to stay with Allison now. He was afraid that he would back down because of her tears.
	"Richard, Richard, Richard! You can't do this to me!" Seeing Richard open the door and walk out, Allison shouted.
	But the door closed. Allison held her hands tightly, and her long fingernails dug hard into her hands.
	'Amy, I hate you. I hate you!'
	While Amy looked through the job advertisements in her room. Since Allison also worked at the HD Group, Amy didn't want to stay there anymore. She needed to find a job and made some money. Then she could move out.
	Amy also checked the rents. Damn, everything in R City was so expensive. The rents were so high.
	After checking her savings, Amy found that she could only afford the rent for a year.
	Amy sent her resume to a few good companies.
	She had been staring at the computer screen for the whole morning, and her eyes were tired. She also felt thirsty.
	So she went out to get a glass of water. When she went back to the computer, a company had answered her email.
	It was a translation company. They could offer Amy what she required. But she should translate a test first. If she passed, she could get the job right away.
	Amy was overjoyed. She drank all the water and opened the document sent by the company. They wanted her to translate it into two languages, French and German.
	It was only about 10,000 words. Amy could finish it in an afternoon.
	Amy then started to work. It was not difficult. There were a lot of technical terms, but she could handle it.
	Amy got busy with the translation and didn't hear Robin calling her for lunch. So, Robin came to her room and called her by her side.
	"Robin, I'll skip lunch. Could you wait until I'm done with my work?" Amy would shut out everything when she was working.
	Robin couldn't say anything. Richard told him that Amy could do whatever she wanted at home, as long as she didn't go out.
	By the time Amy finished translating, it was already three o'clock in the afternoon. She checked it for the last time and sent it over.
	She was so hungry, and she was going to have lunch.
	Amy finally felt better after having three bowls of porridge and two soups. She was starving.
	Robin watched Amy eating and got much relieved. A good appetite was a blessing!
	After having lunch, Amy decided to take a nap. Since they might need time to check her translation, She could sleep well without being disturbed.
	*****
	Richard called Robin and asked him what Amy had done today. Robin told him everything.
	Hearing that Amy was calm, Richard felt distressed. He was so upset, yet she looked very happy. She didn't seem to be bothered at all.
	"But I saw Mrs. Carter get very dark circles under her eyes in the morning," Robin added. He really felt bad for Amy.
	"Oh, then let her have a good rest. I won't be back for the next few days. Take good care of her." After telling everyone Amy was his wife, Richard didn’t know how to face Amy right now.
	But Robin wondered why Richard didn't take care of his wife himself. Did Richard choose to stay with Allison?
	However, Robin couldn't help. He could only take good care of Amy.
	Another Email came and its sound woke Amy up. She yawned and opened her email box in a daze. Surprisingly, she got several emails.
	Amy instantly went sober. She opened the emails and read it one by one.
	Several companies replied to her and wanted to have an interview with her. The translation company also informed her that her translation had passed and asked her to sign the contract tomorrow. She could work at home.
	That was wonderful! She took the offer and ignored other companies.
	Amy was really happy to have a job. And the dark circles under her eyes almost disappeared after she slept for the whole afternoon.
	The next morning, Amy was excited and woke up early. She was going to sign the contract. She would no longer be anxious about money for the time being.
	She was dressed in a pink dress. It was very simple, but it looked good on her. She also combed her hair and tied it in a bun, showing her long and fair neck.
	She didn't want to wear that bracelet anymore. Every time she wore it, she discovered a shocking secret.
	Now she looked confident and energetic, ready to go out in this simple outfit.
	"Mrs. Carter, where are you going?" Robin asked when he saw that Amy was about to go out.
	"Robin, I need to go out for something." Amy smiled at Robin and the latter was surprised by her brilliant smile.
	"I can drive you there." Richard had told Robin to follow Amy all the time. He was worried that Amy would hurt herself for what had happened.
	"It's okay, Robin. I'm fine now. I won't do anything stupid. Don't worry!" Amy knew that Robin was caring about her.
	"Alright!" Robin nodded in hesitation. Amy looked perfectly fine, so he should not stop her.
Chapter 79 A Satisfactory Job
	"You must be Amy Miller." The receptionist of the SY Company was impressed by Amy, who looked pretty, innocent, young and energetic. No wonder she got chosen by the boss.
	"Yes, I’m here to sign the contract. May I know what I need to do next?" Amy asked politely.
	"Don’t worry. I will help you in every way. Miss Miller. First, please fill this form out." The guy handed a form to Amy.
	Amy took the form and completed it after glancing through the items. On the form, there was a space for her photo. Amy took out one and was about to paste it onto the form.
	"Miss Miller, just leave it to me from here. Now we have finished all on-boarding steps. And I got a few words for you." The guy put away the form and the photo, which would then be reviewed by the boss. These materials must be kept intact. No one had attracted so much attention from the boss.
	After meeting Amy in person, he kind of got a clue: he would also choose her if he were the boss.
	"OK, no problem." Amy was open to any discussion. It would be the best that they agreed on every detail about the job beforehand. Her only requirement was working at home, because she didn't want Richard to know about her job.
	"You want to work at home, and that's OK with us. But you need to show up at the company once a week, on whichever day you like. You can either come to get the translation tasks, or to deliver the translation results. In this way, you will get engaged as a team member." The guy looked utterly serious.
	Amy nodded keenly in agreement. It was fine with her to show up at the company one day a week.
	"Now let's discuss about your salary. Although we are just a start-up business, we've a reasonable management system. As a new employee, you're offered with a monthly salary of 10,000 for now. Maybe this is not a satisfactory number, but if you do a good job, you will get a bonus. I hope you are OK with the salary. Of course, you need to complete the tasks assigned on time and in full." The guy went through all requirements of SY Company at one go, and then showed Amy the contract.
	When Amy heard the 10,000 salary, she got thrilled, not to mention the bonus. She had no reason to decline the offer. She had merely expected a salary of 4,000 to 5,000.
	Amy flipped through the three-page contract. It much simpler than that of the HD Group. To be honest, she was too excited when she was admitted by the HD Group, and did not even read the voluminous contract.
	Amy was OK with the contract contents and signed it.
	"Miss Miller, welcome to join us. These are your translation tasks this week. This one needs to be completed in three days, and this one is due in four days. Please finish them on time." After all the procedures were completed, the guy handed Amy the materials to be translated.
	"Thank you so much for today. I will see you next week." Amy took the materials and was about to leave.
	"Wait a moment, Miss Miller. You need to go to the finance office and provide them with your bank account for receiving payment." The guy reminded Amy when he found that Amy was too excited to think of the payment.
	"Oh, thank you for reminding me. By the way, may I know your name?" Only then did Amy realize that she hadn't even asked him about his name after talking to him for a long time.
	The guy blushed when Amy finally asked him his name. He had been looking forward to Amy asking his name just now, but got timid when she really did.
	"My name is Erin Hanson. I will keep in contact with you for future translation tasks. You will send the translation results to my email." Erin flushed and his heart beat fast when such a beautiful girl asked his name.
	"Nice to you meet you, Erin. Now I'll go to the finance office." Under Erin's guide, Amy found the finance office and provided her bank account.
	After finishing the procedures in the SY Group, Amy felt so happy. She would get a monthly income of more than 10,000. As long as she did a good job, she would get a bonus as well. Then she could afford to rent an apartment and support her father.
	She held the materials in her hand tight and felt hopeful about life. Now that she didn't have to work for the HD Group, she would restart a peaceful life.
	When the contract expired, she would not receive money from Richard. He had paid for her father's treatment, about which Amy was very grateful. She decided to forgive him for lying to her.
	Perhaps when Richard signed the two-year marriage contract, he just intended to use it as a pretext to wait for Allison. Now that Allison was back, the contract should be voided. Amy thought that she needed to move out as soon as possible.
	Otherwise, she would be homeless if Allison suddenly showed up and kick her out.
	Amy had intended to go back to the villa. But now she decided to go to rent an apartment so that her father would have a place to stay when he was discharged from hospital.
	Amy was so absorbed in her thoughts that she didn't even notice that there was a man behind her, who had been watching her for a long time.
	As Amy changed her mind, she took the bus and went to the district not far from her mother's place. She wanted to rent an apartment there for her father.
	The person who had been following Amy got into a black car and followed the bus that Amy had got on.
	"Madam, I've found Miss Miller. I'm following her. Do you need me to do anything?" The man in black was on the phone in the car.
	"OK. Got it." He nodded. It seemed that he had got a task.
	Amy had visited many real estate agents, but none of them seemed to have the kind of apartment that she wanted to rent.
	Ideally, the apartment needed to be near the hospital with the good environment. It could not be on the higher floors, for the convenience of her father. Most importantly, the rent should not be too high.
	Even Amy herself found that she was asking for too much. But she had to. A girl as poor as her had to be this picky.
	After walking around for a long time, Amy was exhausted. Yet she got nothing.
	She had some street food, bought a bottle of water, and sat down on the bench to have a rest.
	Across the street was a person in a black suit. The guy looked anxious. He was on a call, walking back and forth.
Chapter 80 An Ideal Apartment
	"Hey, how come you cannot find someone to take care of my apartment? I'm going abroad soon. As a real estate agent, you suck. My apartment is well-located in a nice neighborhood. It is close to the hospital. I just need someone to take care of it. I can even pay him or her. Can't you get me someone? If 3,000 a month can't do, I am willing to offer 5,000. Get me just one person! I've booked the flight ticket on the day after tomorrow!" The man was furious.
	He walked past Amy at a fast pace.
	The man's wallet fell off when he put his phone in his pocket.
	He was in a rush and did not notice that he had lost his wallet.
	"Sir, you dropped your wallet." Amy picked up his wallet and chased after him.
	The man in black did not hear her. He continued walking fast. Amy quickened her footsteps to catch up with him, and called him out.
	"What can I do for you?" The man turned around. He frowned and looked at Amy with a preoccupied expression.
	"Sir, you dropped your wallet." Amy handed the wallet to the man.
	When the man saw the wallet, he smiled immediately.
	"Thank you so much, Miss. You are really nice. I am too busy recently and didn't even notice that I lost my wallet. Thank you." Before the man could finish speaking, his phone rang again.
	"Sorry, but I have to take the call first. Please wait a moment."
	Amy intended to leave but since he asked her to wait and she indeed had nothing to do right now, she waited beside him patiently.
	"Hello? You mean you have found a family with three children? No, that cannot do. I need someone to take care of my apartment instead of ruining it. It was well-decorated. How can a family with three children take good care of it? Get me someone else please." The man hung up the phone.
	"Miss, thank you. Can I buy you a drink to show my gratitude?" The man said to Amy.
	"Thank you, but no need. You are really busy, Sir. Just goodbye." Amy just waved her hand.
	"Sorry about that. Listen, Miss. I got a well-located apartment. And I need someone to take care of it when I'm abroad for the next few years. I am even willing to pay for that. How can it be so difficult to find someone to do this job? I'm leaving the day after tomorrow. That's why I am so anxious." The man sighed.
	Apartment? Amy had heard the man mention about his apartment just now, but she didn't think much about that.
	Now that he mentioned it again, Amy decided to ask about it.
	"Where is your apartment, Sir? What kind of person do you need to take care of it?"
	"It is in the JL Community. You must have heard about it. The Community got the amazing environment. It is a garden-style residential area. I spent a lot on decoration. Therefore, I don't want to have it ruined by kids.
	"It is the best to have someone who cares about the apartment. A girl would be better. I will come back in a few years. If I can't find someone to take care of it, it could be in bad conditions by then." The man sighed again.
	"Yet I can't find anyone to take care of it. I am willing to pay 5,000 a month for that. All these requirements are reasonable in my view. But the agents just can't get me someone to do that! I'm really worried!" The man had an anxious look on his face.
	When Amy heard this, she got an idea. The JL Community was next to her mother's place. It was a fine neighborhood, where many wealthy families lived.
	It was well-located with favorable conditions, close to the hospital. It should be an ideal place for his father to stay. And the man offered to pay 5,000 to take care of the apartment. This was a pretty good deal.
	"Sir, how about me? I'm looking for an apartment for my father now. I promise to take good care of your apartment and won't mess it up. You don't need to pay me. Is that okay?" She had spent a long time in finding an apartment, but failed. Now the apartment just came to her. What a nice surprise!
	"You?" The man sized up Amy, but was happy inside. He finally attracted Amy’s attention.
	"Yes. My father is not in good health. He..." Amy got a little sad when speaking of her father.
	"It's fine. My apartment will soon be empty anyway. If your father needs it, I'm willing to leave it to you. How about I show you the apartment first? If you think everything is OK, we'll sign the contract and inform the agent. I'm in a hurry. Shall we go to the apartment now?" The worry on his face disappeared.
	Amy was very happy to do him a big favor. Her problem got solved, too.
	She followed the man to the apartment he was talking about.
	After arriving at the apartment, Amy felt that she got a treasure. The apartment was really spacious, and seemed to have a floor area of more than 200 square meters.
	This was a duplex apartment, with a bedroom and a study upstairs, and a guest room and a living room downstairs.
	The house was luxuriously decorated. No wonder the man needed someone to take care of it. If she were the owner, she would do the same. It would be a pity if it got messed up.
	What Amy liked the most about the apartment was the big balcony. On it there were a lot of beautiful flowers, which should be good for her father's health.
	Amy was very satisfied with the apartment.
	"How do you like it, Miss? Would you like to help me take care of this house? Sorry that it is a little big. Cleaning it may tire you out. I can pay you more." The man offered earnestly.
	Amy thought it couldn’t cost 5,000 a month even if he hired an maid.
	"I like the apartment a lot. I'm willing to take care of it for free. Your apartment is really nice." Amy was telling the truth. She liked this place too much. It was bright and got sufficient sunlight. The design was exquisite and magnificent as well.
	"I insist to pay you. I will pay whoever takes care of my apartment. You are no exception. If you don't accept more, then let's cut the deal with 5,000 a month. Young miss, you've really helped me out." Then the man took out the contract he had prepared long ago.
Chapter 81 Just Call Me Amy
	The man took out the contract that he had prepared long ago and asked Amy to read and sign.
	On the contract, the man specified that he was going to be abroad for five years, and Amy would take care of his apartment while he was away. He didn't specify how exactly she should take care of his apartment, but he would transfer a monthly reward of 5,000 to Amy's account on the 15th of every month.
	Today was really Amy's lucky day. She just found a job with a monthly salary of 10,000, and now she not only found an apartment which she could rent for free, but she could also get money for taking care of it.
	Amy felt that all of this happened so suddenly, but as everything happened naturally, she did not find anything suspicious in it.
	Amy read the contract and did not see anything wrong about it. The man in black even showed his flight ticket to Amy. He was really leaving the day after tomorrow, and Amy believed him even more.
	After signing the contract, a relieved smile appeared on the man's face.
	"Ms. Miller, you really helped me a lot. I'll give you 5,000 now. I'm really grateful. If I can't find someone before I leave, it will be a huge pity. Something happened to my family, so I'm in a hurry to leave." The man took out 5,000 and gave it to Amy.
	Amy accepted the money. Since that was the reward specified in the contract she just signed, she had no reason to turn the money down. She knew the owner of the apartment would also feel relieved after she accepted the reward.
	The man gave the keys to Amy. He also told her how to water his plants and where everything was in his apartment. He told her everything in detail, so Amy was more reassured that it was really lucky for her to be able to find the apartment today.
	While the man in black felt relieved since he successfully finished his task. Otherwise, he would be scolded by madam.
	After the man left, Amy inspected the apartment once again. She cleaned up the rooms in which and her father and she would be living. The apartment was already quite clean before she cleaned it. It meant that the owner cherished his apartment very much, so it also made more sense for him to pay someone to take care of his apartment.
	There were four bedrooms and two studies upstairs, and the apartment was completely furnished.
	The best thing was that the quilts and quilt covers in the apartment also looked new.
	There were even a computer and many books in both studies. Amy went through the books casually and found that many of them were books she liked. And there were also some books for translators there.
	Amy took a look and found these books were all very practical. She wondered if the owner of the apartment was also a foreign language learner. She was sure that he must be proficient in foreign languages, since his family were all abroad. The books he had left were also helpful to her.
	Before Amy knew it, it was already six o'clock in the afternoon. Only then did Amy realize that time had passed so quickly. She had told Robin that she would be back soon when she left. She did not expect that she would be out for so long.
	Amy glanced at the apartment again and locked the door.
	Since she had solved a few important problems today, Amy felt very relaxed. After she left the JL Community, she just took a taxi and went back.
	Her guess was right. Robin had been waiting for her for a long time when she went back. He wasn't worried about her safety or anything. Amy was a good girl. He was just afraid that Amy might go impulsive and hurt herself.
	"Mrs. Carter, welcome back. Hurry up and come in. We've cooked a lot of dishes you like for you today!" Richard had told Robin to cook whatever Amy liked for her and money was not a problem.
	"Robin, don't call me Mrs. Carter. I don't think I will be Mrs. Carter for long." Amy had taken a step, but she suddenly turned around and said to Robin.
	Robin felt embarrassed since he wondered too. Richard was indeed nice to Amy now, but who could promise nothing would change in the future? Robin knew Richard always cared for Allison in his heart.
	Robin calculated how long Amy would remain married in his head, and he suddenly felt sad as he realized that the contract would become void in only a year and a few months. Amy would leave and Allison might become the new Mrs. Carter. Robin did not know what to do if that really happened.
	"Mrs. Car..." Robin called out to Amy.
	"Robin, don't call me Mrs. Carter. That's so embarrassing. Just call me Amy. That's also how my father calls me. You're just like my family. I want you to call me Amy." Amy smiled and said to Robin.
	Robin had no choice but to change the way he addressed Amy. He also felt that Amy might not be Mrs. Carter for a long time.
	"Amy, just tell me what you like to eat. You can see me as your father, since your father is not here. I also treat you as my family too." Robin's daughter was about the same age as Amy, so he felt that Amy was just like his daughter when he saw her.
	"Okay, that sounds much better. Robin, I will tell you what I like later." Amy felt much more at ease now. The title of Mrs. Carter both sounded and felt weird.
	*****
	"Richard, could you come to our place? Allison hasn't eaten anything for a few days. She's already like a skeleton. She forbids me to tell you about it, but I can't bear it anymore. She's my daughter!" Allison's mother, Tracy Irving, sobbed and called Richard.
	After Richard got the call, he hurried to the Field's. The Carter family and the Field family were both old and well-known families, and they had been friends for many years.
	If something bad really happened to Allison, that would be a disgrace to both families.
	"Mom, is Richard coming?" Lying in her bed, Allison asked her mother weakly.
	"I think he is. I've called him myself. My child, why are you so silly? Besides Richard, there are many other nice guys out there. Why do you have to be with him?" Tracy did not want to see her daughter suffer.
	However, she also found it strange. She remembered that her daughter once had a crush on Andy and even went abroad for him. Even though Andy never agreed to be Allison's boyfriend, she did not go on a hunger strike for him.
	But Allison had refused to eat anything now just to get Richard's attention. Tracy was confused about who exactly her daughter loved more.
	Only Tracy knew that Allison once liked Andy. Everyone else thought that Allison went abroad to take dancing lessons, but in fact, she went abroad to pursue Andy. However, Andy did not show any interest in her even after five years.
	"He will definitely come here. He still cares about me. I will gamble on that!" Allison said weakly. She knew Richard had always loved her.
	She was right. After a while, a servant reported to Allison that Richard had arrived.
	A smile immediately appeared on Allison's face. Richard went to Allison's bedside and saw Allison's pale face and dry lips.
	"Allison, what happened? Why do you refuse to eat?" Richard did not expect Allison to be such a weak girl.
	He then remembered Amy who had a very good appetite and felt that that was a good thing. He found stronger women were more attractive.
Chapter 82 A Lonely Birthday
	"Richard, you are here. Thank you for coming to see me. I'm fine." Allison struggled to sit up, but she could not get up since she was too weak.
	"Yes, I am here to see you. I'm your friend. Of course I will come to see you. Allison, I’m so worried about you. Just think about Mrs. Field. She has taken care of you for more than twenty years. And think about your family. Everyone will be sad if you refuse to eat." Richard sat beside Allison. He wanted to persuade her from hunger strike.
	"Richard, what's the point of living if you don't care about me anymore? You're the only man I like in the world, but you lied to me. You promised to wait for me, but you got married with another girl before I came back. Now I’m devastated. What should I do then?" Allison spoke a lot without pausing. She felt exhausted since she had not eaten anything for a few days.
	Allison suddenly began to cough. It seemed that she choked because she had spoken too much.
	Tracy hurriedly came up to Allison and patted Allison on her back. But Richard didn’t. Allison knew that if it was in the past, Richard would have felt heartache for her and patted her on her back at once.
	However, Richard was just watching as Tracy patted Allison on her back. He had no intention of helping her at all.
	"Allison, we should just move on instead of dwelling on the past. You're still young, and there are many nice guys out there for you. I came here today to tell you and your mother that I'm married now, and I'm not going to get a divorce." Seeing what had happened today, Richard felt that he had to explain things clearly.
	"Mrs. Field, I want to tell you, no matter what you will think of me, I am married now. I am responsible for my wife. Allison and I are over and we will never get back again. Let's just let the past rest. Do you agree on what I said?" Richard said seriously.
	He could not deny the fact that he should be blamed for not telling Allison he was married in the first place. He had been too indecisive. But now he wanted to make it clear to Allison that he was married, and that she should accept the reality.
	Well, Allison felt as if somebody just stabbed her in the heart violently. She wondered why the world was so unfair. First, Andy told her that he already had a girl in his heart, so he could not be Allison's boyfriend.
	Then, Richard, the man who used to love her wholeheartedly, had also fallen in love with someone else. Allison thought she was really too unlucky.
	But Allison told herself that she must at least make one of the two most outstanding men in R City her boyfriend no matter what. Andy was never interested in her, so Richard was a better choice. Richard had once cared about her, so she thought perhaps he was just enchanted at the moment.
	"Richard, I won't pester you anymore. Don't worry, I still have my pride." Allison turned her head away, trying to show Richard she was strong.
	If she couldn't get Richard to divorce Amy, she would try persuading Amy into divorcing Richard. Allison did not think that Amy trusted Richard so much.
	Richard had decided that he should tell Allison the harsh truth, but he still felt bad as he saw Allison's tears.
	"Well, Allison, please take good care of yourself. You shouldn't refuse to eat anymore. Be strong." Richard didn't know what to say in the end. After all, he was surprised that Allison accepted his words so quickly.
	"I know how to take care of myself. Richard, don't worry about me. Just go!" Allison tried hard to hold back her tears. She told herself that she couldn't fail. She definitely couldn't fail.
	Richard looked at the Fields and said goodbye to them. Then, he left without looking back. He had made himself very clear this time. There was no way back. He was married to Amy and decided to be loyal to her.
	Just as he went back to the company, he got a call from the French branch. They said that there was an urgent case in France and asked Richard to go there immediately.
	Richard had originally planned to go home and meet Amy, but the call forced him to postpone explaining everything to Amy again.
	He did not have time to go back home. He immediately booked a flight ticket and set off for France.
	*****
	Amy had been busy lately, as she spent all her daytime hours on translating documents. Richard had told her not to go to HD Group for the time being, and she was okay with that. She was going to resign and she didn't want to see Allison anyway.
	Recently, neither Hannah nor Hilary had contacted her. Amy did not know why, but she could not get through to them on the phone. She was quite anxious, but there was nothing she could do about it. She could just try to immerse herself in her work.
	Amy's birthday was coming soon, but she felt that she might have to celebrate her birthday alone this year. She lost touch with everyone, as if they had never been to her world.
	Finally, her birthday came. In the early morning, Amy got a phone call from her father. He wished her a happy birthday.
	It was just a call, but Amy was overjoyed. She was grateful to him for remembering her birthday.
	Amy was in a much better mood, after chatting with Stephen for a while. She also needed to hand in the documents she had translated today. After changing her clothes and having her breakfast, it was time for her to head out.
	"Mrs. Car ... Amy, are you going out again today?" Seeing that Amy was changing her shoes, Robin asked.
	Robin could feel that Amy was probably very busy lately. She had locked herself in her room every day, so he did not know what she was doing.
	"Yes, I'm. I won't be back for lunch." Since it was her birthday today, Amy decided to go to the apartment she just rented to celebrate her birthday by herself.
	"Okay, I got it. Take care of yourself then." Robin parted his lips, but he didn't say anything in the end.
	Amy had not seen Richard since he announced that she was his wife.
	Sometimes, Amy had almost forgotten that she had a husband.
	She thought that Richard was probably thinking how to end his contract with her earlier. In fact, she did not care about that very much. She just thought that Richard should tell her frankly, since she had prepared herself being kicked out at any time.
	After arriving at SY Company, Amy handed the documents she translated to Erin and asked him if there were new tasks for her.
	"Erin, you haven't given me any new task yet." After waiting for a while, Amy found that Erin had no intention of giving her anything new.
	"Oh, sorry. I forgot it. I don't have them either. The client hasn't given them to me. How about I give you his address, and you can go find him yourself?" Erin took out a pen and wrote down an address on a note for Amy.
	"By the way, Amy, you’d better take a taxi there today since the client said it was urgent. I'll reimburse the cost for you later." Erin emphasized on that.
	"Oh, I see. I'll go now." In fact, Amy felt that Erin was being too generous to her.
	After she got the address, she took a taxi and went there.
Chapter 83 A Mysterious Gift
	Amy took a taxi and arrived at a luxurious hotel.
	After getting out of the car and checking the address, she went towards a private room in the hotel specified on the note. Although Amy found the client's request was weird, she did not think too much. She believed that Erin would not lie to her.
	There was no waiter outside the private room. Amy knocked on the door, but no one answered.
	Amy tried to push and was surprised that the door was opened. Then she could see how big the room was. However, it was empty. There was no one inside. She wondered if she went to the wrong place.
	Amy took out the note again, but she was suddenly pushed inside at that moment. And just as she entered the private room, the lights inside instantly went out.
	"Who are you?" as Amy spoke, she heard somebody open the door of the inner room. And then, she saw the glow of fire there. The fire was slowly moving towards her. She then heard people singing a song.
	"Happy birthday to you, happy birthday..." A group of people walked out from the inner room. They were all singing and clapping their hands. It turned out that the glow came from candles. In the candlelight, there was a big cake.
	Someone pushed the cake towards Amy. Now she saw clearly that Andy was holding the cake followed by Hannah, Kevin, and Hilary.
	After singing the song, Hannah approached Amy and said to her, "Amy, make a wish. Make a wish before you blow the candle."
	At that moment, Amy was so moved that she was lost for words. She covered her mouth with her hands.
	She tried her best not to cry and took a deep breath.
	"Yeah, Amy, make a wish." Hilary also urged her.
	Both of them came up to Amy and stood beside her. They were all waiting for Amy to make a wish.
	In the candlelight, Amy made a wish with great joy and they blew out the candles together.
	"Oh! Wonderful! Amy, happy birthday!" Everyone surrounded Amy and burst into laughter.
	The lights were turned on. Andy handed a knife to Amy and asked her to cut the cake for everyone.
	Waiters served the dishes quickly. When Amy finished cutting the cake, the dishes were all brought to the table. Everyone got a piece of the beautiful cake.
	"I'm ... I really feel touched! I don't even know what to say." Amy said emotionally.
	"It's your 21st birthday today. We all remember it. We just want to give you a big surprise!" Hannah said to Amy. She took a bite of the cake and felt that just eating by herself was not enough, so she picked a fork and fed Amy some cake, too.
	The cake tasted so sweet and yummy.
	"Alright, everybody, take a seat. The dishes today are also very tasty. I recommend you all to try them." Andy asked everyone to sit down.
	Amy looked at Andy. He was wearing a grey suit and a white shirt today. Amy still remembered that Andy always wore a white shirt when he was still a little boy. His taste for dressing hadn’t changed even after ten years.
	Andy also looked at Amy. She was just dressed casually today. But that made sense since no one had told her to dress up for the party. Fortunately, everyone had prepared a gift for her.
	"So here is the plan today. We will have lunch here first, and then we will go to somewhere else. I want to show you all my new place." Andy said to everyone.
	"Wow! Andy wants to show us his new place. A new place! How nice!" Everyone laughed as Hannah spoke exaggeratedly. Kevin was sitting beside Hannah, and he was gazing lovingly at her.
	It was simply an accident that Kevin was here today. He didn't know it was Amy's birthday today, and he had just been following Hannah around. He had never thought that Hannah was such an interesting girl. Hannah wanted to kick him out, but she took him to the inner room in the end as she heard that Amy was almost there.
	"Amy, what do you think?" Andy looked at Amy affectionately.
	"Yeah, that sounds great! Really great!" Amy hurriedly said.
	She had thought that she would be celebrating her birthday alone today. She could never expect that her friends had prepared a big surprise for her.
	Somebody knocked on the door at that time.
	A waitress came in with a box in her hands. It looked like a birthday present.
	"Miss Amy Miller, this is a birthday present for you. I wish you a happy birthday." The waitress was also quite sweet. She then handed the box to Amy.
	Amy took it. She thought it was also a gift from her friends, so she just put it aside without thinking too much.
	"Amy, this is my gift for you." Hilary gave her gift to Amy.
	It was Hannah who proposed the surprise party today, and it was Andy who gave instructions and prepared the party the whole time. Well, Kevin did not do anything.
	After they all gave their gifts to Amy, she was grinning from ear to ear as she looked at those gifts.
	"Thank you! Thank you, everyone." Amy kept thanking everybody.
	Kevin felt that he should also give Amy something. He looked around and realized that he did not prepared anything for her.
	"Amy, I'll make it up to you tomorrow. I forgot to buy a gift for you." That was all Kevin could say.
	"It's fine. I'm very happy just to see you here." Amy said with a smile.
	She meant it since she didn’t really care about gifts. She was very grateful to anyone who could come.
	"Hey, that’s weird. These gifts are from us. But what about this one? Who sent it..." Hilary suddenly realized something. She took a glance, and she was surprised to find the extra one.
	Hilary was right. Amy had four gifts in front of her, but there were only three people in the room who had given her gifts.
	"Open it and see if it's a prank." Hannah said cautiously.
	Everyone agreed with her. Hannah looked around and fixed her eyes on Kevin.
	Kevin shivered as he saw how Hannah was staring at him.
	"Kevin, you! Open it." Hannah asked Kevin to open the box and see what was inside.
	Amy did not think that was a good idea. What if the prank was aimed for her but hurt someone else? She thought she should open it herself.
	"Let me do it." Kevin stopped Amy and took the box over.
	The box was beautiful. It was pink. And Amy's favorite color was exactly pink.
	There was also an exquisite bow on the box. Kevin untied the bow and opened the box slowly. There was an amazed look on his face as he took a glance. He then closed the box again.
	Everyone felt confused when they saw the look on Kevin's face. They didn't know what that meant.
Chapter 84 Andy's New House
	Everyone looked at Kevin curiously. What was in the box?
	"Just tell me what's in the box." Hannah did not dare to walk over. She pulled Amy's hand and said to Kevin from afar.
	"Amy, come over and take a look," Kevin replied.
	Amy was about to go over, but Hannah held her hand tightly.
	"It's fine. Kevin won't play tricks on me." Amy knew Kevin well. Although he was Richard and Allison's friend, he was nice to Amy.
	"Let's go together." All the girls walked to Kevin together.
	Kevin opened the box again, which surprised all of them.
	Inside the box was a beautiful evening gown. It was pink and fairy. They knew it must be amazing even though Amy hadn't put it on.
	"Take it out." Hannah couldn't help but pick up the evening gown first. Hilary came to offer her a hand.
	It was a pink mermaid dress draped across one shoulder, whose simple design was striking and fancy.
	Except the dress, there was only a pair of high heels in the same color in the box.
	"Who sent it? Is it you, Andy?" Hannah looked at the beautiful evening gown. Only they knew that Amy liked pink.
	"No. My gift is in that box." Andy also found it strange. Only Kevin, Hannah, Hilary and he gathered here to celebrate Amy's birthday today. Even Amy herself did not know about it. Who else would know?
	"Never mind. It's a beautiful dress anyway. Don't think too much. Let's have dinner. I'm starving." Hilary was a simple girl and did not think about it.
	"Yeah. Let's have dinner. Forget it. It's always a good thing to get presents." Hannah was already drooling over the shrimps.
	They then had a good feast and forgot about the gift.
	After dinner, Hannah, Hilary and Amy got into Andy's car. Kevin left after he received a call. He wanted to stay with Hannah, but he was a little scared of the person who called him. So he had to leave.
	When Kevin was around, Hannah thought that he was annoying. He always tried to meddle in her affairs. But after Kevin left, Hannah started to miss him.
	However, she wouldn't show it. Otherwise, Kevin would be very proud.
	With their encouragement, Amy put on the new dress and shoes. They fitted Amy perfectly well, as if they were specially made for her.
	And the jade jewelry from Andy matched well with the dress.
	Amy put on the pink gown and tied her hair up. She looked glowing this way.
	Andy's new house was in the west of the city. That was a very wealthy neighborhood where villas sold out immediately before they are completed.
	Andy lived here alone. He did not live in the Baker's old mansion. Nor did he get along well with his family.
	He had prepared a lot of delicious food and wine in advance.
	"Wow, Andy, your house is so beautiful, so magnificent. There are so many delicacies. I don't want to leave here." Hannah stared at the food.
	"Then stay here. You know you can stay as long as you like. I've prepared a room for you on the second floor." Andy rolled his eyes at Hannah.
	Hannah was lovely, and Andy liked her.
	"Andy, what if I want to stay here too?" Hilary joked after Hannah.
	"There are fourteen rooms on the second floor. You can choose one you like." Andy was so generous that both Hilary and Hannah cried out in delight.
	However, Amy, whom Andy wanted to keep here the most, did not say anything.
	Amy was married, so of course she wouldn't live in other men's house.
	Andy was a little disappointed. 'Amy, I'm too late.'
	"The greatest part in the house is the big swimming pool in the backyard. Do you want to try it?" Andy might be cold to others, but he was very patient with these girls.
	"Andy, I've decided to leave my parents. I will move here and live with you. Like a real princess in the castle." When Hannah heard that there was even a swimming pool, she was so happy that she really didn't want to go. Amy and she were the best players in the university swimming team. They took turns winning the championship and they really enjoyed staying in the water.
	"Then I'll tell aunt that you want to be adopted by my father," Andy replied.
	"No, no! My mother will break my legs if she knows. Then I can't go anywhere." Hearing this, Hannah got flustered and hurried to stop Andy.
	Everyone laughed, and Hannah scratched her head awkwardly.
	"Alright, let's go swimming. Anyone can't swim?" When Andy said this, he looked at Amy.
	When Amy was a little girl, she was afraid of the water, let alone swimming. Andy had tried a lot of ways, but failed to teach her to swim. Now that Amy had grown up, Andy thought that she shouldn't be afraid of water anymore. But he still asked out of concern.
	Noticing Andy’s gaze, Amy knew that he still remembered she used to fear water. And Amy flushed. She was very timid back then. However, she spent much more time learning swimming. Because she wanted to surprise Andy when he came back.
	*****
	"Madam, we've sent it to Ms. Miller." A man in black reported to the woman in Bugatti.
	"Alright, I owe her this," The woman said in a charming voice.
	The secretary beside the woman asked carefully, "Madam, why don't you go see Ms. Miller? You've done a lot for her."
	"I didn't do anything special for her. This is what I should do. I feel guilty to see her. She must have forgotten me. I will help her without letting her know. We got to go. My husband is coming back." With that, the woman asked the driver to take her back.
	Amy and her friends all changed into swimming suits. The swimming pool was temperature-controlled, so the water was warm at night.
	Hannah jumped into the pool as soon as she saw it. Hilary was not that good at swimming, but she also jumped into it happily.
Chapter 85 You're Mine
	Andy and Amy walked behind Hannah and Hilary. She stood beside the swimming pool and stared at it blankly. While Andy saw it and thought that Amy was still afraid of the water. So, he tried to comfort her.
	"It's fine. I'm here. You can try playing in the pool and I will watch and protect you." Andy was attracted by Amy as he saw her perfect body in the black swimming suit.
	He immediately looked away. He was proud of his strong self-control. When Allison tried hard to seduce him, he did not have any feelings for her at all. However, now he was turned on by Amy just in a swimsuit.
	"Andy, I remember that when I was a kid, I was terrified of the water." When Amy heard Andy's words, she turned around and looked at him.
	Seeing Amy's bright eyes, Andy remembered the way she pouted and cried when she was little and took swimming classes. She looked so cute that way.
	So, Andy couldn't help but crack a smile.
	"I remember how cute you were when you were a little girl and got scared of the water." Andy stroked Amy's hair as he always did in the past.
	It was as if they had returned to their childhood.
	"What are you guys doing? Come on, Amy, let's play. It's been a long time since we've swum together. I can't wait any longer." Hannah spent some time in the water with Hilary. Seeing Andy and Amy chatting beside the pool, Hannah invited them to get down and join the fun.
	"Alright!" Amy looked at Andy and smiled.
	"Andy, look at me!" The next second, Amy jumped into the water.
	Andy got nervous and cried out when he saw it.
	Amy swam a long way before she came up and took a breath.
	"Andy, I'm here. I'm not afraid of the water anymore." The swimming pool was filled with Amy's laughter.
	Seeing Amy swimming around like a mermaid, Andy also smiled and jumped into the swimming pool. They had a good time together.
	After a while, it was time for Amy to go home.
	"Wait, I remember now. The colleague from the SY Company asked me to get the documents at the hotel. I haven't got them. You guys have it?" Amy changed her clothes and remembered her work. She was so happy today that she almost forgot her work.
	Well, in fact, Andy used this excuse to trick Amy to the hotel. The documents were still in his car.
	"Oh, it's in my car. I'll give them to you and drive you home later," Andy replied.
	After returning home, Amy went back to her room with the documents. It was over 10 p.m.. Amy thought that Robin and the others might have gone to bed, so she walked in lightly.
	"Amy." Suddenly, lights in the living room were turned on, and Robin was waiting for her right there.
	Amy was frightened, then she felt a little embarrassed. "Robin, you're waiting for me."
	"Yeah, Amy, it is your birthday today. Mr. Carter had asked us to throw a birthday party for you, but you didn't come back. Mr. Carter also prepared some gifts for you." Robin told Amy everything.
	Now Amy felt a little sorry. Robin had waited for her all night, but she forgot to call him and tell him that she would be back late.
	"Sorry, Robin. I forgot to call you today." Amy lowered her head.
	"It's fine, Amy. You're young. You should have a good time outside. Here you are. It's from Mr. Carter." Robin handed a box to Amy.
	It was very large. Amy picked it up and thanked Robin. She went upstairs after saying good night.
	Amy did not open the box. She did not want it. Besides, she didn't think that she could take anything from Richard. Allison might cause her more trouble if she found out.
	So, Amy just put the box in the storage room. Then she took a shower and began to read the documents.
	Suddenly, Amy remembered that she hadn't checked her phone all night. She got out of bed and took out her phone from her bag.
	No wonder her phone didn't ring all night. It turned out that it had gone dead.
	After getting her phone charged, Amy turned it on.
	She missed lots of calls, several of which were from Robin. Richard sent her a text message, saying Happy Birthday to her.
	Amy put her phone aside and went back to read the documents. Since these were not very difficult, Amy could complete the translation in three days.
	After spending a good time with her friends, Amy was quite tired now. She was very drowsy when she read the documents. Then she just fell asleep.
	Richard came back at 11:30 p.m.. He had run several red lights on his way back from the airport.
	So, he managed to come back before midnight. He really wanted to spend the first birthday with Amy after they got together.
	Richard opened the bedroom door. It was dark inside. Richard did not turn on the light. He put away his things and took a shower in the dark.
	There were some pages on Amy's face. Oh his silly girl, Richard put them aside.
	He covered himself with the quilt, smelled the fragrance on Amy and cuddled her.
	"Mom." Amy hugged Richard's waist and buried her head into his embrace.
	Richard was turned on at once. He hadn’t had sex for a long time and couldn’t help caressing Amy’s breast.
	Amy woke up immediately as she felt someone touching her breasts.
	Then she smelled the familiar scent. It was Richard’s.
	"What are you doing?" Amy could not figure out what was going on. When did Richard come back?
	Shouldn't he be sleeping with Allison now?
	"It's my house. Why can't I come back?" Richard didn’t stop and his hand was moving downward on Amy's body.
	He just couldn't get enough of Amy's tender skin and big breasts.
	"Alright, then don't touch me. Just sleep." Amy wanted to pull Richard's hand off.
	"You're mine, too. Of course I can touch you." Richard’s hot breath almost drove Amy crazy.
	The next second, Richard stopped and pressed down on Amy. He lowered his head and kissed on her face. Oh, he found her lips. He started to kiss her wildly.
Chapter 86 Have Breakfast As a Couple
	Richard always did whatever he wanted. He had never asked Amy's permission. So, she got angry, trying to push him off her.
	However, Amy was way weaker than Richard. It was like Richard were glued to her. No matter how hard she tried, it didn't work.
	Richard looked at Amy and felt amused. She was very cute when she got mad. Now she was pouting with a stern face.
	"Save it. Do you think you can push me off?" Richard laughed happily. He only felt especially relaxed when he was with Amy.
	"Mr. Carter, aren't you ashamed of yourself? You've got Allison, so what are you doing here?" Seeing Richard laughing, Amy became even angrier.
	"No, not at all. I don't think there's anything to be ashamed of. You're my wife. Of course I can sleep with you. What's wrong with this? You're weird. Why are you rejecting me?" Now Richard was not in a hurry to have sex with Amy. Instead, he looked at her meaningfully.
	Richard rubbed Amy's nose with his big hand. Soon, it turned red.
	"Mr. Carter, our contract will only last two years. It has been several months. I'll leave a year later. Our marriage is nothing but an excuse for you, so you can wait for Allison wholeheartedly. But she has returned, shouldn't you end the contract with me?" Amy kindly reminded Richard.
	Anyway, their contract will end soon. So, why was he being so intimate and even had sex with her?
	"Good question." Richard came down from Amy's body. He was afraid that he made her uncomfortable. But the next moment, he grabbed Amy and put her on top of him.
	"Then when will you divorce me?" Facing Richard on his body, She spoke very seriously, which made her look funny in this scene.
	"I don't want to talk about anything else right now. Let's have fun." Richard was getting horny because of Amy. He tried but he couldn’t focus on anything else.
	He tore off Amy's clothes quickly. They then had wonderful sex. In the end, Amy herself forgot her question.
	The sex was good, but Amy was really tired as she woke up the next day. She was mad at Richard. What was wrong with him? He was so energetic. It was as if he wanted to tear Amy apart.
	"Damn Richard!" Amy couldn't help but curse.
	"Hey?" Someone suddenly hugged Amy from behind. She got surprised. To be honest, she forgot Richard was still here.
	After all, she had never seen Richard before when she woke up. But today, he was still here. So, Amy closed her eyes.
	‘I must be dreaming,’ Amy muttered. When she opened her eyes again, she saw Richard's handsome face.
	"Babe, no, you're not. Your handsome husband is here for you." Richard looked at Amy and got hard again. Since they were close, she could vividly feel his erection.
	"Damn. Mr. Carter, why are you still here?" Amy was not used to seeing Richard around when she woke up in the morning.
	"Don't call me that. Just call me Richard. I'll take honey or darling as well." Richard held Amy's little face.
	"Now pick one you like." Richard urged Amy to call him honey.
	Amy turned around. She didn't want to call him that! Damn playboy!
	"Alright. Forget it," Richard said. So, Amy thought that he had given up, but Richard's hands slipped down to her thigh again.
	Richard knew how to turn Amy on. He caressed her body with his gentle hands and got her all randy.
	"Stop! Let me go!" Amy immediately begged for mercy.
	"Just call me honey." Richard was as stubborn as a child.
	"Alright, honey." Amy didn't want to suffer now, so she called Richard as he wanted.
	Then Richard stopped with satisfaction. He held Amy in his arms. Oh, his Amy was so adorable!
	"Remember to call me honey all the time. Don't think nonsense. You can live here." Richard wanted to tell Amy that he would not divorce her. She could stay with him.
	However, that was not what Amy had heard. She thought that Richard felt bad for her, because she had nowhere to go. That was why he allowed her to live here out of kindness.
	Robin was very excited when Richard and Amy came down to have breakfast together. Richard finally accepted Amy. They looked so sweet.
	Amy turned her face away? She must be embarrassed!
	Robin smiled and greeted them. Breakfast was ready. Robin pulled chairs for them. And they sat down and enjoyed the delicious breakfast.
	Amy had a good appetite. She loved the steamed buns and ate eight quickly.
	The buns were oily. Amy got some oil on her mouth, so she wanted to get a tissue.
	Richard took one. But he didn't give it to Amy. Instead, he stretched out his arm and gently wiped Amy's mouth.
	It looked like they were a very loving couple.
	However, Amy was shocked by his behavior. Why was he being so nice to her now? Did Allison upset him?
	She stared at Richard, trying to figure out if something was wrong with him.
	"Why are you staring at me?" Under Amy's gaze, Richard got embarrassed and touched his face. Did he get food on his face?
	"No, nothing." Amy immediately lowered her head and continued eating.
	She had eaten a little more than usual today. She was in a good mood. It was just that she herself didn't realize it.
	"Do you like the birthday present I gave you yesterday?" Richard suddenly asked when Amy was having porridge. And then Amy choked on her food.
	She couldn't help but cough hard.
	"You like it a lot? I know it's great, but you don't have to get so excited. I will send you such gifts more often in the future." Richard thought that Amy was overjoyed.
	"Yeah, I like it very much!" Amy immediately said. Although she didn't know what Richard had sent her, she knew that it was better to tell him that she liked it.
Chapter 87 Deja Vu
	When Richard asked Amy if she liked the gift, Amy only gave him the runaround. It was so obvious that Richard frowned.
	"Oh, so what do you like about it?" Richard took a bite of the bun gracefully and asked.
	What was wrong with Richard? What did she like about it? She already told him she liked it!
	"Every part? It's great." Amy finished her porridge. She was very busy. She didn't have time to talk such nonsense.
	"Man, take your time. I got to go."
	Richard was stunned. Amy had different addresses for him every day. "Mr. Carter" at first, then "honey" and now just a "man".
	After saying that, Amy stood up and left. She also found that she had said that wrong. So, she just wanted to run away now. She didn't want Richard to catch her again.
	Noticing that Amy left in a hurry, Richard did not say anything. He had a lot of work today. After going on a business trip for days, he had to deal with much work during the day as he came back, so he could spend the night with Amy.
	Amy ran into the room and closed the door. Oops, why did she call Richard “man”? she covered her mouth and felt lucky that he seemed not to hear that. From now on, she got to be careful and cautious with her words.
	Amy opened the documents and focused on her work. She shut out everything again.
	"Mrs. Carter, Mr. Carter called just now. He'll take you to a reception tonight. He wants you to take the gift he gave you and he will pick you up soon." In the afternoon, Robin said to Amy as she finished her work and went downstairs for some fruits.
	"I have to go with him?" Amy didn't want to go anywhere with Richard. Their marriage was mainly in name only, and they would get divorced soon. Of course Amy didn't want to go out with Richard.
	"Yes," Robin replied seriously.
	"Alright then. Forget it." Amy continued to eat the fruit. Never mind. She could go there with Richard. Maybe she could find a lot of yummy food at the reception.
	Thinking about food, Amy was relieved. Perhaps Richard only brought her as a cover. He actually wanted to bring Allison with him.
	Besides, Richard had doctors treat her father. Of course she could help Richard to pay him back! After all, he had paid her father's medical bills. And that was a huge sum of money!
	Just after Amy packed the things Richard sent her, he came back home. Then she got into the car soon.
	"Have you brought everything?" Richard asked.
	"Yeah, sure." Amy still didn't know why Richard asked her to bring so many things.
	"Alright." Richard didn't say anything else and drove Amy to a beauty salon.
	"Dress her up. We're going to Mr. Newell's reception. So, we don't want something too fancy. Just keep it simple." Looking at Amy's beautiful face, Richard suddenly regretted bringing her to the public.
	"Alright, Richard. You don't want this young lady to look too beautiful, do you?" The stylist was very handsome, and his voice was very gentle.
	"Yeah. That's what I mean." Richard even regretted bringing Amy here.
	"Mm. I know." The stylist brought Amy in.
	"Amy, look at your fine features. I always feel like I've seen you somewhere before," The stylist said to Amy.
	"Well, I'm just an ordinary girl. You may mistake me for someone else." Amy was modest.
	Bellamy Smith, the stylist, only smiled in his mind. Amy was such a beauty and yet she called herself ordinary?
	Since Richard wanted to keep it simple, Bellamy only used the basic makeups for Amy. However, even with such a light makeup, Amy still looked beautiful and stunning.
	Bellamy looked at Amy and shook his head. He had done his best. Amy was glowing even though she only wore a light makeup.
	Bellamy opened the box that Richard brought, in which there was a snow-white evening dress.
	It had a deep V collar and showed half of Amy's fair back. Amy looked like a goddess in the fluffy dress.
	Suddenly, Bellamy became very proud. He combed a loose chignon for Amy and fixed a few diamond pins on it.
	Then Bellamy took out the diamond necklace and bracelet from that box and put them on Amy. The dazzling diamonds and snow-white evening gown fit the already gorgeous Amy just perfectly well.
	Bellamy sighed happily.
	It had nothing to do with his makeup techniques. Amy was good-looking enough.
	Amy still looked familiar to Bellamy. However, Bellamy refreshed his memory and was sure that he had never seen Amy before.
	After feasting his eyes on Amy, Bellamy thought that Richard should also come and appreciate her beauty. So, Bellamy pulled Amy out of the dressing room.
	"Richard, I have to say, it's the easiest work I've ever done. I don't need to think of any designs. Everything about her is perfect," Bellamy said to Richard.
	Richard looked at Amy. She was amazing. Now Richard was really curious who did her makeup on her wedding day. She looked like a ghost back then. Richard couldn't believe that he had slept with her that night.
	Amy looked at Richard and Bellamy while they kept their eyes locked on her. Was something wrong with her? Why were they staring at her?
	"It's bad, isn't it? I'll go change it." Amy thought that her casual clothes suited her better.
	Her boobs almost jumped out since this evening gown was really low-cut.
	"No. It's good." Bellamy immediately stopped Amy. She was simply too gorgeous and glowing now.
	"Just make do with it. Let's go. The reception will begin soon. Bellamy, hurry up. Mrs. Newell doesn't like people to be late." Richard pulled Amy behind him. He couldn't stand that Bellamy kept looking at Amy.
	"I'll go change. You guys go first."
	The reception was a big event. Mr. Newell was a world-famous millionaire. It was a great honor to be invited to his reception.
	Mr. Newell just came to R City and held such a fancy party. All the big shots in the city prided themselves on being invited. And they all went there.
	When Richard and Amy arrived, they got so much attention.
	Richard was tall and handsome, while Amy was petite and cute. They held hands and looked very sweet.
	However, the truth was that ever since they got off the car, Richard had been holding Amy's hand tight. Amy just couldn't break free.
	"Hi, Richard!" When they reached the door, someone greeted Richard warmly.
Chapter 88 A Grand Party
	"Mr. Newell! Nice to meet you!" Richard did not expect Mr. Newell to greet him at the door. However, Mr. Newell's gaze always lingered on Amy.
	"Who is this lady?" Mr. Newell asked with a warm smile.
	"Oh, Mr. Newell, this is my...." Before Richard could finish his words, Amy interrupted him.
	"Sir, I am Amy Miller, his companion for today's party."
	Richard was annoyed. 'Why didn't she admit that she was my wife? Is she feel ashamed of being my wife?'
	However, Amy didn't set her eyes on him. She thought she was being considerate since Richard felt she brought disgrace to him.
	"Oh, Ms. Miller, you are so beautiful." Enthusiastic, Mr. Newell shook hands with her.
	Amy was also surprised that Mr. Newell was so handsome!
	Mr. Newell was known as a successful businessman. People would kill to know and talk to him.
	However, such a big man literally shook hands with her. She was somewhat flattered.
	"Mr. Newell, you're flattering me." Amy replied politely.
	"Come in, please, Ms. Miller. Let's go in and take a look. There are a lot of delicacies at today's banquet. Most of them were airlifted from various countries. I wish you would like them." Mr. Newell had a good international reputation. He loved his wife deeply, and they had a pretty son.
	But today, Mr. Newell seemed to be over enthusiastic about Amy.
	Even Richard felt surprised and weird. After all, it was the first time for Amy to meet Mr. Newell.
	Mr. Newell led them in and asked them to have a rest. Then he went out again.
	"Is he the famous Mr. Newell?" Somehow, Amy felt Mr. Newell was extremely familiar and kind.
	Mr. Newell even shook hands with her. Thinking of that, Amy opened her palm and observed it. 'Mr. Newell's hand is really big and warm.'
	"Yes, but Mr. Newell only loves his wife." Richard was a little jealous. He thought that Mr. Newell was waiting for him at the door. But Mr. Newell was too attentive to Amy. He was not pleased about that.
	Amy rolled her eyes at Richard. He must be crazy. She just wanted to show how much she respected Mr. Newell. Why did he mention Mrs. Newell?
	The two of them were talking when the door opened again. A man in a black suit walked in with a food cart.
	Many delicacies were placed on that cart. And they smelled so yummy!
	"Ms. Miller, Mr. Carter, this is the food Mr. Newell prepared for you. You can have a taste first." The man in the suit pushed the cart in and placed delicacies on the table in the room.
	Those various fruits, snacks and drinks gave Amy a good appetite. She almost forgot to be elegant.
	"Alright, please enjoy yourself." He was so considerate that he even closed the door for them when he left.
	"Wow, so much delicious food." Amy was a greedy girl. She immediately began to chow down.
	"Shouldn't you pay attention to your appearance, Amy?" Richard walked over. The food looked indeed delicious. But Amy behaved as if he had been starving her.
	"Alright." Amy was holding a fruit in each of her hands. Hearing Richard's words, she put one back.
	Very soon, Amy tasted all of them.
	They were so delicious that Amy couldn't help herself. If there were anyone else, Richard might have kept a distance from her. Obviously, he thought she was a disgrace.
	"There should be more delicacies at the reception later." Richard took a sip of the drink and reminded Amy. Actually, Amy had almost eaten all of them up.
	There would be more? Amy slowed down. She still needed to save some room in her stomach for that.
	At this time, someone knocked on the door and told them the party was about to begin.
	"Let's go. It is about to begin." Richard held Amy's hand and went out.
	It was really bustling today. A lot of celebrities of the R City had been invited. Everyone was chatting and laughing.
	From afar, Amy saw Andy. He was wearing a white suit, standing out in the crowd.
	Andy noticed her as well. He showed a smile to her.
	Amy was quite beautiful today. She just put on a simple makeup. But she looked charming enough in her dress.
	Richard pulled Amy behind him. Andy's gaze was too hot. He somewhat regretted that he had taken Amy here.
	"Richard!" Allison walked over while holding Hadrian's hand. She just ignored Amy and only greeted Richard.
	"Richard."
	"Hadrian." Richard and Hadrian greeted each other.
	Allison did not greet Amy, nor did Richard set his eyes on Allison.
	Allison was embarrassed. She had no choice but to greet Amy.
	Amy thought she should be polite regardless of Allison’s attitude. So, she smiled back.
	Hadrian took a glance at Amy. Richard chose her over his sister and even married her. But this girl didn't fit Allison's description. Allison said she was a calculating girl. But Amy's eyes were so pure and innocent.
	At this moment, the delicious food was all in Amy’s mind. She wondered what would be served for them. And she was planning to find a seat and enjoy herself.
	Kevin and Bellamy walked over. Tall and handsome, they had grown up with Richard. And they naturally had a lot to catch up with.
	Richard was chatting with his friends. But Amy was not interested in their conversation, so she secretly walked away and wanted to find somewhere to relax.
	Mr. Newell wasn't high on giving a speech. At the beginning of the reception, he delivered a simple toast with his wife. But Amy had early found a quiet place for herself. So she didn't see Mrs. Newell.
	The first part of the reception was the meal. It was said that there would be a charity auction later. And a mysterious prize had been set.
	Everyone was interested in that. Anyway, they got such a nice chance to talk and learn from so many big shots.
	Amy had coveted those delicacies for a long while. She walked over and held a big plate in her hand, ready to have a feast.
Chapter 89 He’s Pretty
	Amy had been piggish about the clams for a long while. The clams looked so yummy that Amy ran over at once with a glance. Holding the fork and a big plate, she was ready to fight for the clams.
	However, at this moment, someone else directly took the whole plate of clams.
	Amy was a little mad.
	"Easy! I'll share with you." That man sensed Amy’s anger and hurried to put half of the clams onto Amy's plate.
	"Let's go outside and enjoy them." With that, the man pulled Amy and walked out.
	What Amy could see was only his back and yellow hair. He was a tall man.
	He grabbed her arm, and she could not free herself at all. In this way, they walked out of the house and came to a quiet place.
	"Come on. Let's eat here. I like clams, but I can't find someone to eat with me. Now I finally got one who loves clams, too." He said as he turned to her.
	What a pretty boy he was! He looked young and dashing.
	"Hey beauty, why are staring at me? You think I am good-looking? So, you have a crush on me?" Dexter smiled at Amy. He found Amy was a really beautiful lady. He himself had a crush on her at the first glance.
	He was really confident. But Amy wasn't about to give him a blow and just agreed with him. He was indeed a pretty man.
	"Yes, you are good-looking. What's your name?" Amy asked him.
	"My name is Dexter Butler. What's your name?" Dexter gave some of his clams to Amy.
	"My name is Amy Miller." The two of them chatted and laughed as they ate the clams. Very soon, a pile of clam shells appeared in front of them.
	"It's really delicious." Both of them sucked their fingers and recollected the flavor of the clams.
	"Amy, you really know how to find a quiet place. I've been looking for you for a long time." After just a few words with Hadrian, Richard lost sight of Amy.
	He had looked around the house but didn't find her. It turned out that she was eating clams with a boy. And she seemed to quite enjoy it. Richard didn't know who the boy was. But he had to admit that he was good-looking. And somehow, he looked a little like Amy.
	"Mr. Carter, you are here. Do you want to have a clam?" Amy asked as she happened to pick a clam up.
	Richard reached her wrist and leaned to her. He opened his mouth and directly ate it. Then, he slowly licked his lips. Oh, damn. he looked really sexy. Did he do that on purpose?
	She was somewhat stunned. 'My lord, Richard was really a handsome guy.'
	"Beauty, is this your husband?" Seeing them looking intimate, Dexter was curious.
	"Yeah ... no." Amy gave a nod but quickly shook her head. Dexter was confused by her.
	"Hello, I'm Amy's husband. My name is Richard Carter." Richard sat beside Amy, raising an eyebrow at Dexter.
	"Oh, you are Richard Carter. I've heard a lot about you from my daddy. He said you are a promising young man." Hearing his name, Dexter soon realized he was the guy whom his dad often mentioned.
	"Then thank you for your father's compliment. Amy, there are many other delicacies. I'll take you there." Richard didn't ask who his dad was. Dexter dressed himself in such a strange way, so he guessed his dad couldn't be someone important.
	"Dexter, I'll leave first." Amy was a little reluctant, but she had no choice.
	Gazing at Amy's figure, Dexter found she really looked so familiar. Did they meet before? No way. He just came back from abroad.
	*****
	"Richard, you already have Allison. Why are you bothering me?" Amy felt that Richard was a little abnormal.
	"Are you jealous?" But Richard was delighted to see her in a huff.
	"Jealous? Why should I be jealous? Besides, can I be jealous? I know who I am." To be honest, Amy did feel herself inferior. She really envied Allison for having confidence to let Richard wait for her.
	"You can be jealous. You are my wife. I like the way you look when you are jealous." Richard suddenly hugged her.
	In Richard's embrace, Amy felt a lump in her throat. She was disappointed with herself. Why would she fall in love with Richard? And she even got jealous. She was just a fake wife. How could she be jealous?
	"Hello, Amy?" Holding Matt's hand, Gina happened to walk out and see Amy.
	In such a beautiful dress, Amy was sobbing in Richard's gentle embrace.
	Gina was enraged. Amy was such a capable slut. And she even succeeded in seducing Richard.
	Matt had also seen them hugging together. They looked quite intimate.
	But no one could deny that Amy looked so charming today. She looked like a goddess, totally different from what she was at the wedding ceremony. Frankly speaking, she looked really bad that day.
	Amy wanted to pull herself back, but Richard hugged her even more tightly.
	"Mr. Carter, I'm sorry. I didn't see you just now. And ... Allison is watching you from over there." Gina knew that Richard was in love with Allison. But why was he hugging Amy?
	"Who are you?" Richard asked arrogantly.
	The White Group was nothing but a small enterprise. Besides, Gina managed to date Matt because the White had promised Matt the generous benefit.
	"Mr. Carter, I am Gina White. Also, I am Amy's classmate." Gina was excited to have the chance to talk to Richard. 'Come on. He is Richard? He is the king of R City!' She hurried to fix her hair.
	As for Matt, he went madder as he saw Amy in Richard's embrace.
	"Amy, why are you two hugging? Tell me, after divorcing me, how many men have you dated? Are they really better than me?" Regardless of Richard's presence, Matt strode over and was going to pull Amy away.
	"Mr. Wilson, please behave yourself. Amy is my wife!" Richard fixed his cold eyes on Matt. And his words shocked Matt and Gina immediately.
Chapter 90 Mysterious Prize
	When Richard said that Amy was his wife, both Gina and Matt were stunned.
	Matt blurted out with disdain, "Mr. Carter, you are a big shot in R City. There are so many girls who will kill to date you. But you chose the one I dumped?" Recently, his collaboration with HD Group had failed, which made him so embarrassed in Wilson Group. He had been hating Richard since then.
	As expected, Richard's face darkened.
	Although Gina felt happy about what Matt said, she saw Richard's expression and tugged at Matt's sleeve to hint that he should stop.
	However, Matt had lost his mind at this time. He was filled with jealousy. He had dated Amy for three years, yet he hadn't even touched her lips. It was truly a huge loss.
	"Amy, come back to me. I still love you. No matter how many men you have married, I love you." Matt attempted to pull her out of Richard's embrace.
	When Gina heard Matt's words, she was embarrassed. Was Matt crazy to say that before so many people? Didn't he notice Richard's gloomy expression?
	"Back off!" Richard gave Matt a kick to keep him away from Amy.
	He then walked away with Amy in his arm.
	Matt fell to the floor, and Gina went to help him up.
	"Scram, you bitch. Scram far away. Amy, Amy, I was wrong. I really was wrong. I love you, and you love me. I know you love me," Matt shouted, drawing the crowd's attention to him.
	Gina wanted to get him out of there, but Matt was reluctant to part with Amy. He still wouldn't leave.
	"Kick out the people from Wilson Group. Don't ever cooperate with Wilson Group again," Mr. Newell instructed the men beside him when he saw Matt's disrespect for Amy from afar.
	Soon, some people went to drive Matt out, who was still resisting. Those men just carried him and threw him out.
	Gina picked up Matt's dropped shoe and followed them out. When she was about to walk out of the door, she turned around and vowed fiercely, 'Amy, you will pay for what you did today.'
	She thought that Amy was the one having Matt and her kicked out.
	"Mr. Carter, let me go. Allison is watching. Aren't you afraid that she'll get angry?" Amy was not used to Richard holding her hand all the time. She had never been so intimate with a man before.
	"You're my wife. It's natural for me to hold your hand. Amy, don't you like me?" Richard whispered to her. His hot breath tickled her ear and she laughed.
	Allison was very depressed. Seeing Amy smile as Richard whispered in her ear, she became even angrier. Everything that happened to her was Amy’s fault. It was all her fault. If it weren't for Amy's instigation, Richard wouldn't have dumped her. Amy was such a bitch.
	When the cocktail party reached its climax, the charity auction began. It was said that there was a mysterious prize at the auction.
	Mr. Newell was going to put a lot of his collection up for auction and planned to donate the money to schools and hospitals after the auction.
	Those luxuries were too costly for Amy. She didn't even think about having them. She didn't want them either since they were impractical for her.
	At 11 p.m., the mysterious prize was about to be revealed.
	"We'll decide the mysterious prize by drawing lots. Everyone, please go to the door to get a slip of paper with a number on it. In a while, Mr. Newell will draw a number. Whoever has the said number will get the prize. Do you want to know what the prize is?" The host was trying to warm the atmosphere.
	"Yes, yes," the people present responded one after another.
	"I also want to know. Alright, go to the door and get your number. Good luck." After the host finished speaking, someone came and helped everyone queue up to get the number.
	Richard's number was 18, while Amy got number 21, which happened to be her age.
	In a short while, everyone got their number and waited for Mr. Newell to draw the prize.
	They held their breath when the spotlight shining on Mr. Newell. The mysterious prize was so exciting.
	Mr. Newell reached into the box containing the numbers. He stirred inside first, and finally picked out a number.
	He gave the number to the host and stood aside.
	The host kept the guests in suspense for a while longer. When he finally was about to announce the number, everyone craned their neck out of curiosity.
	However, Amy did not pay attention to what was happening on the stage. She was trying to get her hand out of Richard's grasp.
	"The lucky number is 21. Who has number 21? You are the lucky one!" the host finally announced.
	Many people sighed because they didn't have the number, but who was Number 21? Everyone was curious.
	However, no one answered; no one knew who Number 21 was.
	"Number 21, please come up and receive the mysterious prize." The host had said it three times, but no one went up to the stage.
	Richard glanced at Amy and asked her, "What's your number?"
	Only then did Amy look at the paper in her hand. "Number 21," she said indifferently.
	"Let's go. I'm taking you to receive the prize. You've won the prize." Richard felt that Amy was really muddle-headed. She didn't even know that she had won the prize. Wasn't she a little stupid?
	"I'm the lucky one?" Amy did not expect that she would win the prize at all. She had never won a prize since childhood, yet today, she had won the mysterious prize!
	Richard walked onto the stage with Amy in his arm. She was excited that she had won the prize, thinking that bad luck had finally run out.
	"The winner is a beautiful young lady. What's your name, miss?" The host continued speaking all the time, but Amy did not hear a single word. She had been wondering what the mysterious prize could be.
	After the host finished his speech, it was time for Mr. Newell to award the mysterious prize.
	Someone came with a tray covered with the pleuche fabric. It was indeed very mysterious.
Chapter 91 I Only Want Five Hundred
	The tray was placed in front of Amy. As Mr. Newell lifted the pleuche fabric with a smile, everyone saw the mysterious prize. They all exclaimed in surprise, because there was nothing precious on the tray but just an ordinary file pocket.
	This was the mysterious prize? Many people thought that it wasn't something special. Mr. Newell was so petty. There was probably a cheque for over a hundred thousand at most in the file pocket.
	However, such a cheque was nothing in the eyes of those tycoons.
	"Ms. Miller, let's welcome Mr. Newell to present our award," the host said in high spirits. Amy was glad that she had won the award and walked towards the host in excitement.
	Other guests clapped their hands to curry favor with Mr. Newell, but none of them was interested in the mysterious prize.
	Mr. Newell saw their expressions, and he also noticed the joy on Amy's face.
	"Ms. Miller, can you guess what this award is?" Mr. Newell held the file pocket in his hand and asked gently.
	"It doesn't matter what it is. Anyway, this is the first time that I have won an award. I'm very happy, and this is enough!" Amy was radiant with joy. She didn't even look at the file pocket and just kept smiling.
	Mr. Newell was amused by her cuteness.
	"It's good that you're not greedy. That’s a rare yet valuable virtue. If I tell you that there is only five hundred in the pocket, will you be angry?" Mr. Newell asked.
	As he kept Amy guessing, other guests were all curious to find out what exactly was in the file pocket.
	"No. Anything is fine with me! It's an award anyway!" Only now did Amy turn to the file pocket.
	Hearing this, everyone burst into laughter. Richard also smiled happily. His wife was easily content, and he liked that.
	"Alright, now I'm going to take the prize out of the file pocket." Mr. Newell took out the thing in the pocket and handed it to the host beside him.
	"The mysterious prize is ... Hold on a minute while I get my breath back. I'm so excited that I can't breathe." The host kept the guests in suspense again.
	"Ten percent stocks in the Newell Group!" Just as everyone was going to wait for a while, the host suddenly announced it.
	This caused a hullabaloo in the hall.
	Ten percent stocks in the Newell Group! God, this was truly a big prize. It meant that Amy could earn more than 10 million without working every year.
	Although Amy had no idea what this meant, she could tell from others' expressions that it was worth a huge sum of money.
	"Ms. Miller, please sign your name here. Then you'll have ten percent stocks in the Newell Group!" The host handed the contract and the pen to Amy.
	A lot of people looked at Amy with envy. 'What a lucky woman! Mr. Newell is so generous. He should use the shares as the award.'
	However, Amy didn't take the contract or the pen.
	"Mr. Newell, I'll accept it happily if this is really five hundred. But since it is the stock of your company, I can't take it. I'm sorry," Amy said to Mr. Newell courteously.
	The host's hand froze in the air. In the past few decades, he had never seen anyone who didn't want money.
	"The raffle was conducted under the supervision of everyone. And it was totally fair. I've said that I would give you the mysterious prize, so how can I break my promise and take it back?" Mr. Newell said. He stared at Amy in admiration, which she deserved.
	"Mr. Newell, how about you give me five hundred? I really can't take the prize. I don’t think I deserve such a big award," Amy suggested. She also thought she couldn't leave with nothing as it was really rare for her to win an award.
	Mr. Newell smiled heartily, thinking that Amy was really a good girl.
	"Alright, I'll give you five hundred. But since you won the prize, I won't take it back. When you change your mind, you can come to me to get the prize!" Mr. Newell didn't insist and asked his secretary to give Amy an envelop with five hundred.
	Amy got off the stage happily with the red envelope.
	Many people thought she was silly, while some thought she was hypocritical. However, Amy was really delighted.
	"What a hypocrite! She actually refused money? She must be pretending. I think she'll definitely come to Mr. Newell for the prize after the party," Allison curled her lip and said.
	Hadrian glanced at his sister, but he didn't say anything for he didn't know Amy at all.
	Amy got off the stage and walked to Richard, happiness written on her face.
	"Take me out for dinner tomorrow. You won an award today. Let's celebrate!" Richard whispered in Amy's ear.
	Amy agreed. She got a reward of five hundred, so she thought she had to treat her friends to dinner. She already decided who she should invite tomorrow.
	The cocktail party ended well. Everyone had a good time, and many deals were concluded at the party.
	Richard drove Amy to home, and she became talkative along the way.
	"I'm so happy. I've never won a prize before. Today, I got 500. I'm going to take all my friends to dinner tomorrow," Amy kept talking.
	Richard didn't say anything. She only got five hundred, which wasn't enough for a big meal. However, she was thinking about inviting all her friends to dinner. What a silly but cute girl!
	Thinking of this, Richard couldn't help but hold Amy's chin and kiss her on the face.
	Probably because Amy had drunk some wine before, she actually kissed Richard back on his face.
	Richard was turned on by her sweet kiss. As they were about to arrive home, Richard thought to himself, "I shall calm myself down now. Once we get back home, I will carry her directly to our bed!"
	The car drove into the villa. Amy was still immersed in the joy of winning the prize. After parking the car, Richard walked to the passenger seat and carried Amy out.
	"Mr. Carter, I'm not drunk. I can walk on my own," Amy hurriedly explained to Richard.
	However, Richard did not listen to her at all. He carried her to his bedroom before many servants.
Chapter 92 Feast
	Late in the morning, Amy woke up and saw a handsome face, "Richard, why are you so strong?"
	She was furious. Last night, they had sex. It was fabulous at first, but then she got tired and wanted to stop. However, Richard seemed so energetic as a horny beast.
	In the end, she went exhausted and felt as if her waist were broken.
	While Richard was cheerful for he did enjoy himself last night. Looking at Amy's angry face, he rolled her over with a smile.
	"What are you doing?" Amy looked alert, but she ached all over and had no strength to resist.
	"I won't do anything to you. Relax!" Richard said and placed his hands on Amy's waist to give her a massage.
	He was skillful. Amy felt comfortable and closed her eyes.
	Richard felt turned on the moment he touched Amy's smooth and tender skin. He tried his best to restrain his desire and forgot to massage her.
	"Go on." Amy liked the massage, so she became unhappy when Richard stopped.
	"Alright." Richard continued. While he was massaging, he couldn’t help thinking Amy was really flexible maybe because she started learning ballet at an early age. Richard smiled and thought it was good, for he could try something new with her in the bed.
	He felt that Amy would definitely slap him if she knew what he was thinking now!
	Amy was satisfied, wondering how Richard treated Allison before. Was he this gentle and nice?
	"Alright, you can stop now. Mr. Carter, why didn't you go to work today?" Amy turned over and wanted to go to work.
	"Actually, I think it's better if you call me Richard or honey." Richard hated it when Amy called him Mr. Carter.
	Amy rolled her eyes at him and didn't want to talk to him. She got out of bed and took a shower. Afterwards, she began to comb her long hair. Her hair was black and shiny, hanging down to her waist.
	"Let me help you." Richard grabbed the comb and gently combed her hair.
	"Mr. Carter, do you often do this? You seem to be proficient." Amy saw in the mirror that Richard was very gentle.
	Richard did not say anything. This was the first time he had helped a girl comb her hair. He pursed his lips nervously, worrying that he would hurt Amy.
	With great difficulty, he finally smoothed her hair. Then he heaved a sigh of relief.
	After her hair became smooth, Amy tied it into a ponytail, looking pretty.
	Just as Richard was about to praise her, his phone rang. It was his assistant, so he walked away to answer it.
	The next moment, he left. Amy got dressed and went downstairs for breakfast. She was truly tired last night and was starving now.
	Before she could finish her breakfast, her phone rang. She found it was Hannah and hurriedly picked it up.
	"Amy, you're so lucky! I heard that you won the prize last night. Ten percent stocks of the Newell Group. Oh my God, this is a really big prize!" Hannah shouted.
	"Yes, that's right," Amy said with food in her mouth.
	"But why did you refuse it? It's a large sum of money, which is enough for the rest of your life. If you divorce Richard, your father’s medical bill will be a huge number. Why are you so silly?" Hannah did not understand what Amy was thinking.
	"Hannah, I won the prize. I'm going to treat you to dinner today. I'll explain when we meet. Whatever you want to eat, just tell me!" Amy didn't want to talk about this matter with Hannah now, because it was difficult to explain it clearly on the phone.
	"Excellent! You are the best. Alright, I'm gonna say it. I want crayfish. I can finally eat as much as I want tonight!" Hannah said.
	"That's it? I thought you would order something expensive! You only want crayfish?" Amy checked her bank balance and it was enough for a big meal.
	"Yeah, I just want crayfish. Hilary wants it too. She is with me now, so you don't have to call her," Hannah said.
	"Alright. I'll going to book a restaurant. You, Hilary, and I'll call Andy later. That's it." Amy thought Richard wouldn't go with them to eat crayfish, though he had asked her to invite him to dinner.
	She decided to dine with him next time.
	After breakfast, she started to work. Recently, she got up early to work every day. But today her work was delayed since Richard came back home.
	Looking at those German words, Amy was wondering why Richard went home last night. He should be with Allison. Although Amy thought so, she was still glad that Richard had returned home.
	She wasn't the only one who was joyful in this family. Seeing that Richard came out of the bedroom late in the morning, Robin was also very happy. Now that Richard was more and more concerned about Amy, Robin could finally reassure Cathy.
	Cathy had always wanted to have a grandson, and now it seemed that her dream would come true soon! Robin called Cathy with delight.
	*****
	"Amy. I'm here to see you."
	Amy was still busy with her work in the room when she heard Cathy's voice.
	"I'm coming." Amy knew Cathy was good to her. Right now, the Carters were all kind to her, except that Richard had no feelings for her.
	Cathy stood outside the door with a lot of gifts in her hands, and she looked at Amy with a smile.
	"Mrs. Carter, why do you bring so many gifts?" Amy hurriedly took those things over.
	"You still call me Mrs. Carter? We're family now. Just call me Mom!" Cathy put down her gifts and asked Amy to call her Mom.
	"Mom!" Amy hadn't called anyone Mom for a long time. Her mother died when Amy was young. After that, she never called anyone Mom.
	"Good girl! Amy, I have brought various tonics for Richard and you!" Cathy showed everything she brought to Amy.
	Amy took a look and didn't know how to deal with them. They were all tonics for men sexually.
	"Mom, I'm in good health. I don't need those things, and nor does Mr. Carter." Amy thought that Richard was already energetic. If he ate those tonics, she would suffer more.
Chapter 93 Facial Mask
	Amy declined. She felt that only the elder like Cathy needed tonics and she was quite young and strong.
	"Why not? With the tonics, you can get healthier and be prepared to get pregnant. I'm looking forward to be a grandmother!" Cathy explained her purpose.
	Amy blushed. She would divorce Richard soon and she never wanted to be a single mother.
	However, she could not tell Cathy this. It was stipulated in the contract between Richard and her that they could not tell their family members.
	"Thank you, then I'll take these tonics." Amy thought for a moment and decided to receive these first. Otherwise, Cathy wouldn’t stop nagging.
	"That's good! Amy, are you comfortable living here? If not, you can live with me in the Carter’s house. We have more servants and certainly take better care of you." Cathy really wanted Amy to live with her as she was bored at home. Although she had two sons, they weren’t very close since she was not their biological mother. She really wanted someone to talk to her.
	"No, I'm fine here. Thank you, Auntie." Unconsciously, Amy called Cathy Auntie again.
	"Call me Mom. How can you forget? It's okay to stay here if you want. I just hope that Richard and you can have a child soon so that I can help out and get busy. I'll really bored now." Cathy was living a dull life every day, only cooking, shopping, hairdressing and so on.
	Hearing Cathy's words, Amy blushed again. Cathy was really good to her and treated her as family. She also wanted to be part of the Carter family, but she could not. The contract would expire in a year. If she were involved too emotionally, she would be sadder when she was supposed to leave.
	"Amy, let's go and do facial care. I have bought too many spa treatments and cannot use them all by myself. Can you go with me?" Cathy liked Amy too much. She was so beautiful and tender. In Cathy's eyes, she was perfect in every way.
	Seeing Cathy's eager eyes, Amy surrendered and decided to put off her translation work.
	"Yes, I will go with you after I change my clothes. Mom." Amy changed her clothes and went to the beauty salon with Cathy.
	Once they arrived in the beauty salon, Cathy held Amy's hand all the way and was greeted by many rich ladies. She replied while introducing Amy to those people.
	"This is Amy, my daughter-in-law. Isn't she beautiful?" She had said the same words for many times and did not get bored.
	However, Amy was embarrassed. Those people gave her meaningful looks. Most of them looked down on her as if she were the social climber.
	Cathy and Amy went to the VIP lounge and all things were set ready.
	Two beauticians came up and welcomed them warmly.
	"Mrs. Carter, you are here too?" Someone was greeting Cathy. But her face looked too greasy to be recognized.
	"Mrs. Carter, I'm Allison." Allison smiled sweetly.
	"Hello, Allison. You are here too. Where's your mother?" Cathy didn’t like Allison. She just pretended to be friendly as they were all from well-known families.
	In addition, she knew Richard had liked Allison for many years, and she almost agreed to their marriage. Fortunately, she quit on her own.
	"My mother is in another room for body care. Mrs. Carter, you look younger." Allison wanted to show Amy that Cathy and she were very close.
	"Thank you. You are still so sweet and thoughtful. Come and visit us when you have time." Cathy said politely.
	"Sure." Allison hurriedly agreed.
	Then Cathy stopped talking since she was having a facial massage.
	"Look at her skin, so smooth and fair. She doesn’t need a deep care. A normal one will be enough. Massage gently and don't hurt her skin," came a soft voice over Amy's head.
	She felt this voice familiar and looked up. It was Bellamy, Kevin's younger brother.
	"Yes, Sir." The beautician answered.
	"Auntie, do you like the skincare products I recommended to you last time?" Bellamy asked Cathy, who had finished massaging and was lying down for a facial mask.
	"Bellamy, the skincare products you recommended are extremely good. The wrinkles on my face are gone. Many people asked me what I had been using recently and I recommended to them too." Cathy was very concerned about her face. Bellamy, as her consultant, had helped her get the best results with less money.
	"No wonder I got more customers recently. Thank you for promoting for me." Bellamy smiled.
	"Mrs. Carter, what’s that product? I can let my mother try it, so she will look as young as you." Allison had finished her body massage and was waiting for the facial mask. When the beautician went out to prepare, she walked to the middle of Amy and Cathy and spoke to Cathy.
	"You should ask Bellamy. He is the expert." Cathy didn’t want to talk to Allison.
	Allison turned to Bellamy while he was looking at Amy's face.
	"Bellamy, tell me. Let's go out and talk." Allison came to Bellamy and secretly threw something into Amy's cream mask.
	"Alright, I'll tell you." Bellamy did not find anything wrong and went out with Allison.
	After they left, Cathy was already covered with a facial mask, but Amy did not want to do that. Her skin was sensitive, so she chose to skip that.
	"I don't want to use the facial mask. You may give it to someone else. I'm going to the bathroom now." Amy secretly told the beautician.
	Before the beautician could answer, Amy had already stood up. She left in a hurry in case that Cathy should call her back.
	At the doorway, Amy happened to bump into the beautician who was holding Alison's cream mask. Bang! The bowl of cream mask fell onto the floor.
Chapter 94 No, Her Face!
	"Ouch!" The beautician, Mandy, shouted. It wasn't a big deal that she dropped the mask, but she couldn't afford to offend any customer in the salon. Those customers here were all rich and powerful.
	"I'm sorry! I'm really sorry!" The beautician hurriedly apologized to Amy.
	"It's fine. It's fine. But the cream mask..." Amy said as she looked at the mask.
	"Mandy, this young lady said she didn't need the cream mask. You could use hers for your customer. They are the same anyway." Amy's beautician proposed as she saw that Mandy had spilled the mask. Then she gave Amy's mask to Mandy.
	"Okay, I see. Thank you, Jane." Mandy took the mask while Jane went to clean the floor.
	Allison chatted with Bellamy for a while. She thought that her mask was probably ready, so she went inside the room again.
	As Allison lay down on the bed, Mandy began to apply the mask on Allison's face carefully.
	However, Amy got out of the bathroom and heard a deafening scream.
	The scream sounded so harsh and painful that a lot of people were running towards the room at once.
	Amy also followed them in. She wanted to see what happened. To her shock, it was Allison who was screaming like crazy. She was covering her face with her hands. In a second, her face was full of scarlet scratches she made by herself as well as white residual mask. The scratches were oozing blood.
	"What happened?" Bellamy rushed in at that moment. He then went to check Allison's face.
	"I'll remove the mask for her first. You guys hold her hands tightly." Seeing the clean water beside, Bellamy grabbed it to clean Allison's face at once. Then, he asked someone to send the residual mask to the laboratory for a test.
	He checked Allison's injuries carefully. Now her face was swollen up, and she had many bleeding scratches on her face, which looked so horrible and painful.
	Bellamy took a look and he could tell that there was probably something poisonous in Allison's mask. But he wouldn’t know what exactly it was until he got the test result.
	"Bring some soothing and anti-allergic ointment here. I'll apply it for her. Then we send her to the hospital and see the doctor." Bellamy carried Allison and left the beauty salon.
	"Amy, I was nearly scared to death just now. Did you see how Allison scratched her own face and screamed like crazy? That was terrifying. Do you think there is something in this mask?" Cathy touched her face, seeming worried. But she felt cool and nice with her mask on her face.
	The two beauticians were frightened. They didn't do anything. Nor did they know why Allison's face became so horrible.
	"What's going on?" Amy asked Jane, who had made the cream mask for her.
	"I, I don't know, either. I gave Mandy the mask I made for you, and that's all. But Miss Field's face suddenly became so horrible." Jane was so scared that she began to sob.
	"I don't know why, either. I spilled the mask and had to use the one originally made for you ... Oh my God, if it weren’t that you didn't want to apply the mask, you would have been suffering from allergy now." Mandy suddenly realized that the target was supposed to be Amy.
	"What? Someone wanted to harm my Amy?" Cathy was furious when she heard that. A beautician was assigned to take care of one specific customer. And the most suspicious criminal was Jane.
	Now everyone looked at Jane. Jane hurriedly waved her hands and said, "No, I didn't. I didn't do anything. There are surveillance cameras here. You can check the footage." At this time, Jane herself felt that it was too difficult for her to prove her innocence.
	"Mr. Smith said no one in the room was allowed to leave before we found the truth. So everyone please have patience and stay here for a while. By the way, we have prepared sweets and snacks here. You could enjoy them while waiting." The manager of the salon walked over and said to everyone in the room.
	"What on earth has happened? I've been getting facials in your salon for many years. Nothing like this ever happened before." A lady was touching her own face in panic.
	"Don't scare yourself. Maybe someone set them up. I've been getting facials here for many years, too. Everyone says that I'm becoming more and more beautiful." Cathy glanced at that lady.
	"Yes, Mrs. Carter really looks more beautiful than before. I made great efforts to become a member here just because I saw with my own eyes that Mrs. Carter looks better after getting her facials here."
	Cathy might not know those ladies, but they certainly knew her.
	Mrs. Carter was from a powerful family. Everybody knew her.
	Moreover, not everyone could come to the Smith's Beauty Salon. The high price was just one reason. Bellamy's flagship mask was so well-known that many people had to book in advance to get the service.
	But at this moment, all ladies had no choice but to wait patiently due to that horrible incident. Luckily, the service in the Smith's Beauty Salon was good, and they had prepared sweets and snacks for everyone.
	As Bellamy came back, he was sullen. He had run the salon for ten years, but nothing like this ever happened before. He wondered who wanted to frame him and destroy his salon.
	Without telling anyone, Bellamy got the footage of the surveillance camera in his salon. He watched carefully how Jane made the mask and how Mandy applied it to Allison's face. Nothing was wrong.
	The only problem was that when Amy went out, she had knocked over the mask for Allison.
	And then, Jane, Amy’s beautician, gave Amy's mask to Mandy.
	So there must be something wrong with Amy's mask.
	Bellamy carefully checked where Jane was making the mask once again. She did not do anything wrong. All procedures were right.
	So how on earth did the accident happen?
	Bellamy also felt headache. He was the owner of the Smith's Beauty Salon, and he had to give everyone an explanation.
	After watching the footage, Bellamy went to the VIP room again. The ladies there were having coffee and enjoying the snacks. In fact, they were chatting joyfully, as if nothing had happened.
	"Dear ladies, I'm very sorry for what happened in my salon. I need to investigate further to see what exactly went wrong. And I'm sorry for getting you all involved in this unpleasant accident today. I will give everyone a quarterly VIP card for free." Bellamy walked inside and said to the ladies.
	"Wow, Mr. Smith, you're so generous. Thank you! Thank you so much!" The ladies who got facials there all exclaimed as they heard the quarterly VIP card.
	A quarterly VIP card was worth hundreds of thousands. And now they could get it for free!
	"Bellamy, I want to ask you something." After other ladies were all gone, Cathy stopped Bellamy from leaving.
	"Mrs. Carter, I'm listening." Bellamy turned around and said to Cathy, but his eyes were still fixed on Amy.
Chapter 95 Richard, Stay with Me Please
	"I heard from the beautician that the mask was meant for Amy, but accidentally Allison used it. What's going on?" Cathy's face darkened.
	Just now, she took the lead in supporting Bellamy's proposal. Since the Carters and the Smiths were close friends, she could not make things difficult for Bellamy.
	However, now that Amy got involved, she would not allow anyone to hurt her. Cathy had been fiercely protective towards her family.
	"I'm not sure about that either, but Cathy, I will find out and give Amy an explanation." Bellamy looked at Amy again, thinking how unfortunate it would be if she was disfigured.
	"Well, this happened in your salon and you must investigate it carefully. Or we will never come here again." Cathy's face was stern. She wouldn't allow anyone to hurt her Amy.
	"I will give you the result in three days. Cathy, Amy and you should go back first. I'm really sorry for what happened today," Bellamy said apologetically.
	"Alright, then we'll leave." Cathy said goodbye to Bellamy and left while holding Amy's hand.
	"Amy, I'm really sorry. I asked you to come to the beauty salon with me. I didn't expect such a terrifying accident to happen. Allison is still in hospital. Let's go and see her." Cathy thought that Allison was suffering for Amy, so she felt guilty.
	Amy didn't want to see Allison, but she was touched by Cathy’s care for her. So she agreed to visit Allison with her.
	"Alright." Amy agreed.
	*****
	"Richard, my face hurts so much. I’m so scared."
	Amy heard Allison's voice before she came in. Wait! Was Richard also here?
	"Don't worry. The doctor said that you were fine," Richard said gently to Allison.
	Now Amy didn't want to go in anymore. Richard talked sweetly to her last night, but now he was here to take care of Allison.
	However, regardless of her unwillingness, Cathy pulled her in.
	"Richard? What a coincidence. How is Allison now?" Cathy pulled Amy up to Allison and deliberately squinted at Richard.
	As Richard saw Amy, he was quite calm and fixed his eyes on her face.
	While Amy did not look at Richard but Allison's face.
	It was red and so swollen that her eyes narrowed into a slit, but her gaze still settled on Richard.
	"Cathy, my face hurts. I'm suffering for Amy." When Allison saw Cathy, she started crying.
	Hearing Allison's complaint, Cathy was unhappy. What did Allison mean? Allison should blame herself for her bad luck. However, Cathy held her tongue.
	"Allison, I'm so sorry for your suffering. You have to listen to your doctor. Your face is so swollen." but looking at Allison, Cathy wanted to laugh in secret.
	Allison's mother was standing at the beside. She was happy that the Carters still cared about her daughter.
	"Cathy, thank you for coming to see me. You're quite busy and I don’t want to bother you. Richard will stay with me." As Allison saw Amy’s pretty face, she was furious at once. She knew she must look horrible now and she just wanted Amy to leave here immediately.
	She planned to make a fool of Amy, but she hurt herself instead. Oh shit!
	Cathy understood that Allison was driving her away since Allison wanted to stay with Richard alone. She was really scheming.
	Tracy also knew what Allison meant immediately, she felt a little nervous for her daughter. Back then, the Carters did not agree to the marriage between Allison and Richard because they thought Allison wasn’t nice or kind. And now her words would only make things worse.
	"Allison, stop! Cathy, don't take it seriously. Allison has been straightforward since childhood. She just says whatever she is thinking." Tracy hurriedly explained.
	"It's alright. Allison is straightforward! Then I'll go now. Amy, let's go. By the way, Tracy, I forget to introduce her. This is Amy Miller, my daughter-in-law. Amy, this is Tracy Irving." Before Cathy left, she introduced Amy to Tracy on purpose, and reminded her that Richard was married.
	"Hello, Tracy." Amy called sweetly.
	"Amy, hello." Tracy was furious secretly. Was her daughter abandoned by the Carters?
	"Then we're leaving. Take care. The allergy should be cured very quickly." Cathy had a hot temper. Seeing that Allison disliked her being here, she wanted to leave as soon as possible.
	"I have a meeting this afternoon, so I have to leave too. Mom, I'll give you a ride." Richard also wanted to leave. Just now, the Fields called him and said that Allison was injured for Amy, so he hurriedly came.
	He thought that Amy was also here. But when he came, he only saw Allison who was as swollen as a pig. But he had come and it was not proper for him to leave immediately. In addition, Tracy was also here and he had to show his politeness.
	As he saw Amy, he was relieved. Thank god, Amy was fine.
	"Richard!" Allison called Richard in a flirtatious manner although her lips were also swollen like a pig’s.
	"Allison, Richard has a meeting. It's very important. Let him go." Tracy was much smarter than Allison, so she immediately stopped her.
	Men hated it the most when women delayed their work.
	Hence Allison did not say anything. Richard left with Cathy and Amy.
	"Mom, why don't you help me keep Richard here?" Seeing Richard leave, Allison was exasperated.
	"Silly girl, you need to control your temper. Don't you see that you have offended Cathy? How can you tell her to leave! You should feel flattered that she comes to see you!" Tracy was disappointed in her daughter.
	Richard used to love Allison, so he would do anything for her. But now, he had moved on and fallen in love with Amy. Allison needed to work harder to win Richard's love again.
	"I don't want them to come or see me. Look at Amy. She's so proud. Mom, what should we do? Richard doesn't care about me anymore. But I love him. I want him back!" Allison cried.
Chapter 96 Women Should Spend Money
	Allison cried and made a scene in front of Tracy. She had been spoiled by her parents and elder brother since she was young, so she had never felt so wrongly.
	"Allison, you may be unreasonable at home, but how can you treat Richard's parent like this? You have to learn enduring and playing nice. I have told you many times that Richard's family doesn't like you because you are too arrogant." Tracy looked at her daughter, feeling sorry for her.
	"Mom, what should I do now? Andy doesn't like me, and even Richard doesn't want me. Am I a loser?" Allison's tears washed away some of the ointment on her face, so she looked hilarious.
	"Don't worry. Andy has never liked you. Let's not talk about him. Richard has always been loving you so much. Maybe he purposely got married to enrage you. As long as you do as I say, he'll definitely come back to you." Tracy was confident in her daughter.
	Richard even overcame his fear of height and climbed up a tree to pick a flower for Allison. Everyone knew how much Richard loved Allison.
	"Mom, I will definitely listen to you. I won't be willful anymore." Allison was now very obedient. She wanted to snatch Richard back from Amy.
	*****
	"Mom, let me drive Amy and you home," Richard said to Cathy.
	"I don't have the honor. Don't bother with us. Amy, let's go shopping. Every time I'm unhappy, I want to go shopping. Let's go and spend money!" Cathy was still angry with Richard.
	Cathy thought Richard had no backbone. Back then, Allison abandoned him and went abroad to learn dancing. But no one knew what exactly she was doing over there. Now she returned, and Richard even showed her excessive attention and care. Cathy was mad at him.
	Richard looked helpless as his mother pulled Amy away. Amy did not even look back. It seemed that both of them were angry.
	But how would he explain it to them? Forget it. Richard looked at his watch. He really had a meeting this afternoon, so he got in the car and went back to the company.
	"Amy, don't be angry with Richard. My son is inflexible. If you are angry with him, beat him up. Don't hold back your anger. It's no good for your health! Women can't be angry. Otherwise, she won't be beautiful. By the way, do you see Allison's face just now? So funny!" After suppressing her laughter for a long time, Cathy finally laughed out loud. She was cheered up.
	Amy also wanted to laugh, but she felt that it wasn't proper. So, she just smiled.
	"Mrs. Newell! What a lucky day to meet you here!" Cathy was talking to Amy when she turned around and saw the graceful Mrs. Newell!
	Amy followed the voice and looked over. A beautiful lady was looking at them.
	Hearing that Cathy was greeting her, Mrs. Newell smiled and walked towards Amy and Cathy.
	"Mrs. Carter, long time no see." Mrs. Newell smiled and greeted Cathy, then nodded to Amy.
	"Mrs. Newell, you're getting more and more beautiful. This is my daughter-in-law, Amy Miller. Amy, this is Mrs. Newell." Cathy introduced Mrs. Newell and Amy to each other.
	"Well, this beautiful young miss is your daughter-in-law. Mrs. Carter, you are lucky. May I know who Ms. Miller’s parents are?" Mrs. Newell asked politely for a purpose.
	"She is the daughter of the Millers, as in the Miller Group." Cathy had investigated Amy's background.
	"Well, it's you. But I have heard that the Miller Group has recently gone bankrupt." Mrs. Newell said deliberately. She wanted to know if Cathy really liked Amy enough that she didn’t care about her background.
	"It doesn't matter that the Miller Group went bankrupt. Anyway, HD Group is running well. Although it can't be compared to the Newell Group, we can absolutely provide for Amy." Cathy said carelessly, her words and actions revealing her true affection for Amy.
	Mrs. Newell was relieved to hear this.
	"Mrs. Carter, you are such a good mother-in-law. You daughter-in-law also looks nice and polite. Do you mind if we go shopping together? Ms. Miller didn't get the prize last time. Today, I'll give her a present." Mrs. Newell looked beautiful with a smile.
	At the sight of Mrs. Newell, Amy felt so familiar and warm and she was dazzled by her gorgeous look.
	"Mrs. Newell, don't bother." Amy hurriedly waved her hand when she heard that Mrs. Newell was going to give her a present.
	"Let's go and have a look." Mrs. Newell walked over, holding Cathy with one hand and Amy with the other.
	Cathy did not expect Mrs. Newell to be so approachable. She had only met Mrs. Newell once. To her surprise, Mrs. Newell remembered her. Moreover, Mrs. Newell was so enthusiastic about Cathy and Amy.
	They walked around the mall for a while. Mrs. Newell bought a lot of things, and Cathy bought a lot for Amy. But Amy didn't want them, so Cathy kept telling her.
	"Amy, don't save money. The more you spend, the more motivated Richard gets to earn money. So you must learn how to spend money! Look at these scarves. They are priced at 1,800, 3,600, and 8,800. You shouldn't hesitate to buy the one worth 8,800!" As she spoke, Cathy asked the saleswoman to pack up the one worth 8800.
	"Madame, someone is looking for you over there. Please come over." Someone wanted to talk with Mrs. Newell before she bought everything she wanted.
	"Go on with your shopping please. Excuse me for a moment." Mrs. Newell handed the things in her hand to the saleswoman. She said goodbye to Amy and Cathy and then left.
	"Amy, look at Mrs. Newell. She knows how to use money. She chose limited edition items. That's your good example! By the way, I think you look a little like Mrs. Newell!" Cathy said casually, and Amy did not take it to heart.
	They continued shopping. To be exact, Cathy bought many more. Then, they went to get the bill.
	"Excuse me, Mrs. Carter and Ms. Miller, your bills have been paid," The cashier said politely to them.
	"What?" Cathy was surprised. Looking around, she didn't see anyone she knew.
	"Mrs. Newell paid the bills. Mrs. Carter, Ms. Miller, let me help you take out the things." The saleswoman enthusiastically helped them take their things out.
Chapter 97 Richard Is Clingy
	"Mrs. Newell is too generous. She even paid our bills. I feel obliged to treat her to dinner someday. But I heard that she seldom accepted an invitation to dinner." On the way home, Cathy muttered in a car.
	"Well, Mom, why don't we buy something and visit her to express our gratitude?" Amy also felt that Mrs. Newell was too generous, but she thought that it might have something to do with the cooperation between the Newell Group and the HD Group.
	When they arrived at Richard's villa, Cathy asked servants to bring in the things she bought for Amy. Then she discovered that there were many things Mrs. Newell bought in the trunk.
	"Did the saleswoman make a mistake? Why did she put Mrs. Newell's things in our car?" They were there as Mrs. Newell buy those items.
	"Mom, there's a card." Amy saw the card inside.
	"To my dear Amy. I hope you will like them." The handwriting was graceful.
	"So Mrs. Newell gave them to you as gifts. I understand her since you are so cute. I also noticed that Mrs. Newell looked at you with great affection." Cathy was happy that the person she liked won others' favor.
	Only Amy found it strange. At the party, Mr. Newell’s mysterious gift surprised her greatly. Now Mrs. Newell gave her so many presents. How lucky she had been recently!
	Later, Cathy was about to go back. She still had to arrange dinner for her family.
	"Amy, I'm leaving. After I persuade Richard, you can move in with me. How nice it is for us to be together!" Cathy reluctantly left.
	Amy did not take it seriously. She had never planned to live in the Carter's villa.
	After packing up her things, Amy called Hannah and Hilary. They were ready to get off work and were coming in a while.
	Amy then called Andy. He was looking forward to the dinner and joked that he even skipped his breakfast for the treat.
	Amy smiled. Andy was cold to others, but he had always been nice to them.
	Amy changed into a simple blue skirt, revealing her delicate skin.
	She always liked bright colors. In bright-colored clothes, she would be cheered up.
	Before she was about to leave, Amy told Robin that she wasn't going to eat at home at night.
	Robin smiled and nodded. He saw Richard's car at the door, thinking the couple were going out to date.
	When Amy walked out, she saw Richard's car at the door as well. The next second, she sped up to avoid him.
	As she passed by the car, she saw a pair of shiny leather shoes and a pair of slender legs. Richard was leaning against the car.
	Amy looked up and smiled at Richard.
	"Mr. Carter, are you waiting for someone?"
	"Yes." Richard snorted. He knew Amy wanted to hide from him, but he didn't say anything.
	"Then take your time. I need to go out." Amy was ready to leave. She felt that the atmosphere was tense when she was with Richard.
	Before Amy took a step, Richard grabbed her on her arm.
	"Amy, you said you were going to treat me to dinner yesterday if you won that prize. I'm waiting for it. Did you forget it?" Richard pulled Amy up to him.
	Amy didn't expect that Richard would take her casual talk so seriously. He even asked her to treat him to dinner. But she just won five hundred.
	"No, I didn't. How about a rain check? I've made an appointment with someone else today." Amy stuttered. She could treat Richard, but she didn't want to bring him to see her friends. It would be too embarrassing.
	"That's good. Let's go together." Richard directly stuffed Amy into the car.
	"Mr. Carter, it’s not the right time for you today." Amy was anxious. Richard was too domineering.
	"Why?" Richard put on a gloomy face. Was he so ugly that she refused to take him to see her friends?
	"We're going to a food stall today. It isn't suitable for you. You're in a suit. Won't it be awkward to sit there?" Seeing that Richard looked a little angry, Amy explained to him.
	"Got it!" Richard did not say anything else. He thought for a moment and pulled Amy into the house.
	"Wait for a moment. I'll be right back." Richard hurriedly went to his room.
	Very quickly, Richard came out with a light blue T-shirt and white trousers. In this casual outfit, Richard, who was 29 years old, looked as young as a student.
	"Let's go." Richard pulled Amy away. Both of them wore light blue clothes. Coincidentally, they were in matching outfits.
	Amy didn't mean to ask Richard to change his clothes. She was just using that as an excuse to stop him from coming. However, under this circumstance, she had no excuses anymore.
	"Where are we going?" Richard asked in a good mood.
	"Gray's Restaurant of Crayfish." Amy was depressed. If her friends saw Richard, wouldn't it be embarrassing?
	She had been thinking nonsense all the way to the destination. She then saw Hannah and Hilary getting out of the taxi from afar.
	"Go. I'll park the car." Richard also saw them, so she asked Amy to meet her friends.
	After leaving Richard, Amy took a deep breath. She felt suffocating in the car just now.
	"Amy, come here. This table is good." Hannah did not see Richard's car but saw Amy after sitting down.
	"Alright, I'm coming." Amy walked over, wondering how to tell them that she had brought Richard with her.
	"Amy, Hannah, Hilary, you guys came so early. Am I late?" Andy also arrived. Today, he was in a grey casual suit, looking cool and handsome. He caught everyone's attention.
	Even the girls who passed by smiled at him with admiration.
	"Let's sit here. Four seats are good for us." Hannah pointed at the table.
	"One more. One more will come later," Amy hurriedly said. If Richard came and saw that he did not have a seat, he would definitely be angry.
	"One more?" Hannah and Hilary asked in unison.
	"Yes, your brother." When Amy said this, she blushed.
Chapter 98 Richard Is Allergic to Seafood
	Hearing Amy’s words, Hilary was shocked.
	"My brother? Impossible. Richard doesn't eat these. He either enjoys a rich meal or noodles alone." Hilary thought Amy deliberately frightened her. She looked around and did not see her brother's car.
	"How is that impossible? It's not bad to have something new occasionally!" Richard came from behind Hilary, making her even more nervous.
	"Richard, you really come." Richard was completely different from what he used to be today. But anyway, he was so handsome that he looked good in any clothes!
	"Sir, one more seat please. I've ordered dishes. They'll be served in a moment." Amy hurriedly called for everyone to take their seats.
	Then Richard and Amy sat together, while Andy and Hannah were opposite, leaving Hilary alone at the side.
	Crayfish was quickly served. The fragrance made everyone's mouth water.
	"Let's enjoy it!" Amy tried to cheer everyone up.
	Since Richard was present, the atmosphere was awkward.
	"Speaking of crayfish, I remember something when I was a child. My family got some crayfish and my mother had just cooked them. But someone was greedy and secretly picked one up. When my mother found it, this person had eaten all its shell and meat and had to go to the hospital in the end." When Richard spoke, his face was serious.
	However, others who heard him started laughing, and the atmosphere became lively now.
	"Actually, when I first saw it, I didn't know how to eat it. Come and enjoy." Richard did a good job today. He was enthusiastic towards everyone present.
	"Hello, may I ask who Amy is? Your order has been delivered. Please check it." A delivery clerk placed a large box on the table.
	"I didn't order it." Amy hurriedly denied it when she saw the delicate dishes placed on the table and the words 'Dragon Hotel' on the food boxes.
	Lord! Each dish in Dragon Hotel would cost hundreds! There were so many dishes. How much did they cost? She didn't have enough money to pay them.
	"It's alright. They have been paid. Please check it. There are ten dishes in total." The delivery clerk took out a list and asked her to sign it.
	Richard took it and handed it to Amy.
	"Amy was so generous and spent a lot of money today. She even prepared the surprise for us. Sign it!"
	Seeing everyone's happy expressions, Amy felt it improper to deny anymore. She took the list and signed her name.
	"Amy, you are so generous to treat us to dishes from Dragon Hotel. But I remember you just got five hundred last night?" Hannah was a straightforward person. She felt that Amy must have spent a lot of money to treat them to dinner today. Thinking about it, she felt pity for Amy.
	"Maybe Amy is using her savings. Thank you so much." Andy began to eat.
	Looking at the yummy food, Amy had no appetite. She glanced at Richard, who was gracefully tasting the delicacies. He was even shelling crayfish skillfully.
	"Stop looking at me. Focus on the food." Richard shelled two crayfishes and placed them on Amy's plate.
	He seemed skillful and it all seemed so natural as if they were an old couple.
	Amy was shocked by his sweetness, so were the other three. Wasn't Allison the only woman in Richard's heart?
	"What? Why are you all looking at me? You all think I'm pretty?" Richard asked jokingly. They quickly lowered their heads and continued to eat.
	"If you don't eat, I can feed you." Seeing that Amy was still in a daze, Richard leaned closer to her ear and whispered.
	Amy immediately regained her senses. She hurriedly picked up her fork. While Richard continued to shell crayfish for her.
	Since Richard had been busy serving her, Amy picked up a shrimp and put it on Richard's plate.
	"Enjoy it. You must be tired after shelling so many crayfishes, right?" Actually, Amy was quite happy that Richard came today and that he shelled crayfishes for her.
	But Amy didn't know what he wanted from her. Or was he crazy? She thought in secret.
	Everyone else was enjoying delicacies, and then they began to chat. Andy had been fixing his eyes on Amy and he also told them some anecdotes he heard when he was abroad.
	Richard and Hilary looked at the shrimp on his plate. Hilary wanted to say something, but Richard gave her a warning look and stopped her.
	He ate the shrimp happily under Amy's gaze.
	Amy thought Richard liked it and put another one for him.
	Richard had it as well. On the whole, everyone was quite happy during the meal. There were delicacies from Dragon Hotel, crayfish, and dessert ordered by Andy. They ate while chatting, having a good time.
	However, When Richard's and Andy's gazes met from time to time, others could feel the tension.
	Amy thought that Richard would definitely sleep with her tonight, but Richard let her go back to the bedroom by herself. While he went to the one next door.
	So Amy concluded that she was thinking too much. Richard was nice to her, which didn't necessarily mean that he liked her. Allison was the only one he fell for.
	Amy fell asleep unhappily, but Richard, who was next door, couldn’t sleep at all. He was covered in a rash, for he was allergic to seafood.
	Robin had the family doctor give Richard an infusion. After the torment for a whole night, the rash hadn't completely gone. Richard pulled out the needle early in the morning and intended to go to work.
	In the morning, Amy woke up and sat down at the table. She prepared to enjoy a delicious breakfast.
	But after taking a few bites, Amy lost her appetite and wanted to vomit.
	Suppressing her sickness, Amy forced herself to have more food. But she could no longer hold on and rushed to the bathroom to vomit hard.
Chapter 99 Amy Was Pregnant！
	Amy rushed to the bathroom to throw up. It was so intense that she had tears in her eyes. She sat beside the toilet for a while and came out until she was quite sure that she was feeling better.
	Still starving, Amy wiped the tears and sat at the dining table again. But it was even worse this time. She wanted to vomit the moment she smelt meat and oil.
	"Robin, Robin, take those away." Amy hurriedly asked Robin to take the meat away, leaving only the vegetable porridge in front of her.
	She managed to drink half a bowl and still felt so uncomfortable. So she went upstairs to lie down and have a rest.
	Oh no. She shouldn’t have indulged herself too much yesterday. She had eaten too many kinds of food at one time, which should be the reason why she had an upset stomach now.
	Lying on the bed, Amy fell asleep very quickly. Robin had reported Amy's discomfort to Richard. So he dropped his work and went home immediately.
	In a daze, Amy felt someone touching her forehead and stomach.
	"Stop messing around. I want to sleep." She rolled over and fell asleep again. She was too sleepy to care who it was.
	"Mr. Carter, Mrs. Carter should be pregnant. To be certain, she should go to the hospital for a thorough check." The family doctor had been quite occupied recently. He had been up all night busy with Richard's transfusion last night. And then he was informed that Amy was ill. Fortunately, she was pregnant.
	"What? She's pregnant?" Richard was stunned all of a sudden. He never thought that Amy would give him a baby.
	"Ye... yes. Mr. Carter, if you don't like it, we could come up with a way earlier so that it won’t harm Mrs. Carter’s health." Noticing the look on Richard's face, the doctor guessed he disliked the fact that Amy was pregnant. Everyone knew that he only loved Allison.
	"Leave us alone, please," Richard dismissed Robin and the doctor. He sat beside Amy's bed and quietly watched her.
	She was pregnant? So what should he do now?
	Amy was sleeping soundly. Richard did not want to disturb her. They would go to the hospital tomorrow to run a checkup. Today, his priority was knowing what a husband should do if his wife was pregnant.
	He didn't have any clue. He was both happy and nervous to be a father. And he also felt sorry for Amy.
	After talking to Robin, Richard returned to the company. He had been absent-minded from work all the morning, busy with searching the Internet for what pregnant women should pay attention to, what they should eat, and what the husbands should do.
	Amy didn’t get enough sleep until the afternoon. Once she woke up, she was hungry, but at the thought of those greasy dishes, she lost her appetite. She just wanted to have some porridge.
	"Mrs. Carter, what would you like to eat?" Amy went downstairs. Before she could open her mouth, Robin asked.
	"Porridge, I guess. Don't add anything else please." Amy didn't want to eat anything oily.
	"Sure. I've prepared some for you already," Robin had prepared some food. He had asked the servants who had given birth and found out that although they disliked meat during pregnancy, their appetite varied greatly. Some liked to have something spicy while others sour or sweet.
	So Robin prepared some of everything. And Amy could pick something to eat when she woke up. Porridge was included.
	Hearing that there was porridge, Amy felt hungry again. She quickly took a bowl of porridge, but in no time, she felt uncomfortable again and threw up.
	"No, Robin. I must have eaten something bad. Bring me some medicine." Amy had such terrible vomiting that she didn't have any strength anymore.
	"Mrs. Carter, I think you should go to the hospital. I'm preparing the car for you. Please go to the hospital." Robin said to Amy.
	'I'm just having an upset stomach. Why all the fuss? Isn't it enough for me to just take some medicine?'
	Amy didn't want to go to the hospital. She was a little afraid of hospitals in fact.
	"Mrs. Carter, I've arranged it. Please. I'll take you to the hospital." Robin insisted. He had called Richard, who was rushing to the hospital to wait for Amy already.
	"Alright then." Considering both Hannah and Hilary had to work, Amy decided to go to the hospital herself.
	"I think I should go to the Gastroenterology Department. I have an upset stomach." Amy protested since she found Richard actually made an appointment for her with a gynecologist.
	"Alright, let's go to the Gastroenterology Department first. If the doctor can't figure out what went wrong, we'll go to the gynecologist." Richard was good-tempered today and agreed whatever Amy said.
	They went to the Gastroenterology Department to have a checkup, but the doctor couldn’t tell anything wrong with Amy.
	So Amy could only go to the gynecologist with Richard.
	"Congratulations. Madam, you're pregnant." The doctor from the Obstetrics and Gynecology Department kept looking at Richard. How could he look so handsome? She seemed to have seen him in some magazine. He must be a star.
	"No way! I've been taking contraceptive medicine all the time!" Amy simply didn't believe she was pregnant. She always took medicine because she was afraid to be pregnant.
	"What? You've been taking contraceptive medicine?" The doctor was also at a loss.
	"Oh, it's fine. It's fine. Thank you, doctor." Hiding joy successfully, Richard politely thanked the doctor.
	"Well, something's wrong..." Amy sighed. She still couldn’t take it. How could she be pregnant?
	But Richard pulled her out.
	"There must be a mistake. I can't be pregnant. I know we'll be together only for two years. I won’t keep you with the baby. I really think I should have a check again, Mr. Carter," Amy insisted.
	"I've replaced your contraceptive medicine with vitamins." Seeing Amy still doubting the result, Richard could only tell the truth.
	At that time, he was annoyed that Amy actually didn’t want to carry his child. So he changed Amy's pills.
	"What? Why did you do that? We only have more than a year left. If I'm pregnant, I will never have an abortion. But my poor child can’t have a father!" Tears flowed down Amy's cheeks.
	To be honest, she did want to have Richard's child. But when they divorced, it would be painful to decide who should raise the baby. And Amy would never leave her baby.
	“Of course it will have a father! And I assure you it will be born into a happy family. Let nature take its course, Amy." Richard was too happy to explain to Amy.
	"But Richard, do you know my shameful past?"
Chapter 100 The Annoyance of Pregnancy
	Amy wanted to explain to Richard what happened on her wedding night. She was a little traditional and felt both shameful and sorrowful to bring it up. But it had always bothered her greatly.
	"Your shameful past? What is it?" Richard was suddenly nervous. He had investigated on Amy’s background. What else could it be that he didn't know?
	"Well, here’s the thing. I..." Amy was trying to calm down but when she was about to say it out loud, she was still a little sad.
	"On my wedding night, I..." Amy looked pale at this moment. That night was the shame in her entire life.
	"Forget it. If you don't want to say it, then don't. Your past is no longer important. What really matters is that you're doing well now." Richard was smart enough to know what Amy was going to say.
	So he interrupted Amy and stopped her from continuing.
	Anyway, he didn’t know how to explain to her that it was actually he that had sex with her on her wedding night.
	Amy looked up at Richard. Back then, her father was ill and needed a lot of money, so she didn’t tell him before they signed the two-year marriage contract.
	But it was different now. She was pregnant.
	"Mr. Carter, no matter what, I want to tell you that I will never leave my child. Even if we get divorced, I won't want anything but my baby." Amy finally said it aloud. She already started to love Richard and she could imagine how heartbroken she would be when she had to divorce Richard.
	But the baby could be her last comfort. She would never leave her baby.
	"You think I will take your baby from you?" Richard wondered what was going on and why Amy looked so sad. He didn’t say anything and she already believed that he would separate her from the kid?
	"Mr. Carter, can you promise me not to tell the Carters about my pregnancy for now?" Amy believed that if the Carters knew about her pregnancy, they would definitely ask her to return to the Carter’s villa. But it was awkward for her, considering their marriage contract.
	"Why not?" Was it embarrassing to be pregnant with his baby? Richard had a feeling that Amy had been so weird since she knew that she was pregnant with his child.
	"If your mother knows it, she will definitely ask me to move to the Carter’s villa. Do you think it is a good decision?" Amy was blunt and told him her concerns directly.
	Of course Richard did not want Amy to move to the Carter’s villa. His two half-brothers were still living there.
	His grandpa had made it clear that the first grandchild, regardless of boy or girl, would be the heir of the Carter family. Although his two brothers went against him, they couldn’t do anything to him. But he did not want to risk Amy and his child.
	"That's right. I don't think it's appropriate for you to go back either. You're fine here." Richard nodded. He was going to hire a few professional nutritionists to make sure that Amy ate well during her pregnancy.
	Hearing Richard's words, Amy was somehow disappointed. 'See, he didn't plan to let me go back. He didn't want his family to know more about me. Fortunately, I don't want to go back either.'
	With that, Richard and Amy fell into silence again.
	"Let's go. I'll take you home first. You should have a good rest." Richard broke the silence and supported Amy.
	"I can walk on my own." Amy dodged. She didn't want anyone to see her being too close to Richard.
	The two fell into silence again. Richard walked ahead, followed by Amy. The two walked out of the hospital one after the other.
	They didn't speak on the way back home. After sending Amy home, Richard told Robin to take good care of Amy before leaving.
	"Amy, here is the tonic. Drink it and get some sleep. Dinner will be ready in a while." Robin walked over with the soup.
	"Alright, Robin, put it there. I'll drink it later," Amy said to Robin, knowing that she almost finished the translation.
	"Then I'll wait for you. I'll clean up after you finish it." Robin replied, waiting for Amy.
	Amy felt pressure now. So she drank the soup as soon as possible.
	Alas, Amy had mixed feelings after knowing her pregnancy. She was both happy and worried. What she feared the most was that Richard would take the child away after they got divorced.
	"Mrs. Carter, this is chicken soup. It has been cooked for several hours. Please drink it." Not long after, a woman came up with a bowl of chicken soup.
	Amy was sure that she had never seen the woman in the villa.
	Seeming to know Amy’s doubts, the woman hurried to introduce herself, "Oh, Mrs. Carter, I am the new nutritionist. My name is Daisy Kennan."
	Nutritionist? Richard had even hired a nutritionist? But Richard was the master of the family. He could do whatever he liked.
	Amy had just taken the tonic. Now she got chicken soup. And she would have dinner later. How could she manage to eat so much?
	"Can I drink it later? I just had the tonic." Seeing the expectation on Daisy's face, Amy felt a little embarrassed to reject her kindness. But her stomach didn’t seem to be able to take it.
	"Mrs. Carter, you can try it. I've gotten rid of the oil in the soup. It won't be greasy or make you uncomfortable." Daisy was very smart. She already knew Amy's worries.
	"Alright then. Thanks."
	She took over the soup and smelled it. Daisy was right. Apart from the fragrance of the chicken soup, it was not greasy at all.
	So Amy finished it. Fortunately, she didn't feel queasy.
	Daisy left after making sure that Amy had taken the soup. Mr. Carter had instructed her to take good care of Mrs. Carter.
	"Mrs. Carter, would you like to enjoy some fruits? They have just arrived and are very fresh." Another unfamiliar woman came to Amy's room.
	"Mrs. Carter, I'm Josephine Wild, the new nutritionist." Seeing that Amy was observing her, Josephine introduced herself immediately.
	Amy was lost for word. They had just found out that she was pregnant. But do they need to make such a fuss about it? Nutritionists were hired and kept feeding her. Were they going to turn her into a pig?
	"Put it there. I have something to do now. I'll eat it later." Amy did not say anything else to Josephine. But after Josephine left, she called Richard.
	They had been together for several months. Yet this was the first time for Amy to contact Richard voluntarily.
	"Hey, Amy, what is it?" Richard was very excited about Amy calling him. He finally got her call.
Chapter 101 His Hickeys
	"Mr. Carter, you don't have to hire so many nutritionists. I'm just 40 days pregnant. I will be fat as a pig if you keep feeding me like this!" Amy was annoyed and said frankly.
	"What's wrong with that? I think pigs are cute." Hearing her complaint, Richard knew that the nutritionists had started to work.
	"I... You won’t understand!" Amy was even angrier.
	"Then did you feel sick after eating the food they recommended today?" Richard asked her.
	"No." Amy thought for a moment. It was true that she didn't vomit after eating what they prepared.
	"Well. Then you should listen to the nutritionists. They are very professional. I've told them that you don't want to eat greasy food. You can't even smell it. It hasn't been long after you got pregnant, but you are too thin. You need more nutrition. I'll go back and have dinner with you tonight. OK?" Richard said gently.
	It was the first time that he had been so patient to a woman. In the past, when Allison got angry, he would buy her a meal or give her a gift. He would not spend so much time talking to her.
	But he was afraid that Amy would not eat anything, so he tried his best to cheer her up.
	Amy thought about it and felt that Richard was right. The nutritious food had eased her morning sickness.
	"Alright then." Since Richard just said that he would have dinner with her, her anger soon disappeared. She started to look forward to the evening.
	Richard was relieved for she agreed. And he was happy to know that she didn't vomit this afternoon.
	When Robin called and told him that she was sick, Richard was very anxious. Therefore, he stressed it when he recruited nutritionists.
	There was still an hour before he could get off work. Richard sped up to read the documents and contracts. He should not work overtime today. He had to go back home and have dinner with Amy.
	Time seemed to go faster at work and one hour soon passed. Richard stretched out his arms and legs. He was surprised to see how a date had improved his work efficiency. He finished reading the files within an hour.
	Richard bought some snacks for Amy on his way home.
	When he arrived, the dishes were already on the table. There was more food than usual because of his arrival.
	Amy smiled at him when she saw Richard. They had lived together for several months, but she still felt a little uneasy because she just found that her husband was her boss.
	"Mr. Carter, dinner is ready. You can wash your hands first." Seeing that Mr. Carter had come home to have dinner with his wife, Robin thought that Amy had become an important person to him.
	"Alright." Richard glanced at Amy. He suddenly felt that it was nice to have someone waiting for him at home. Why didn't he notice it before?
	There were two types of dishes on the table. One was for Amy and there was no oil at all, but it was very nutritious.
	And the one for Richard was fried in oil.
	While eating, Amy saw several red marks on Richard's neck. It seemed that someone had kissed him and left the hickeys.
	Richard was not with her last night. Did he go to Allison again? He didn't even cover the hickeys. She could see them so clearly.
	Amy lowered her head. The joy in her heart was gone due to the marks.
	Richard did not know that Amy had seen the marks caused by his allergy to seafood. He just kept picking the food for her.
	Amy was a bit annoyed. She felt sick when she smelled the grease in Richard's dishes.
	She covered her mouth and ran into the bathroom.
	Amy threw up the entire meal and felt that her stomach was empty. Someone patted her on her back gently and handed her a glass of water.
	After rinsing her mouth, Amy leaned against something behind her. It was warm and comfortable.
	But she still felt hungry. It was really disturbing. She would feel sick if she ate. But she would be hungry if she didn't.
	There was a familiar smell. Amy knew that it was from Richard, but she didn't want to look at him. She couldn't bear to see the hickeys.
	When Amy went back to the table, she found that Richard's food had been taken away. There was only food for her now.
	If she hadn't seen the hickeys, she would be moved by this. But now, she just felt jealous and annoyed.
	After having some bites, Amy lost her appetite. She had just vomited and was too weak to eat anything.
	"You should eat a little more, for your health." Richard said with concern.
	"No. I'm afraid I'll throw up again." Amy started to feel dizzy.
	"Let me take you upstairs." Richard walked over to hold her arm.
	"It's okay. Just finish your dinner. I am fine. I can walk by myself." Amy didn't want him to see her cry. Richard didn't ask again since she insisted.
	He went to see Amy later, but she was already asleep. She was pregnant and needed more rest, so Richard went to the guest room.
	After he left, tears flowed down Amy's cheeks. She put one hand on her belly, thinking, 'Baby, what should I do? What should I do?'
	In the following days, Richard had dinner with Amy at home every night. Moreover, the food was mainly prepared according to Amy's nutrition needs. Richard also ate the same food and the servants didn't serve greasy food again.
	Occasionally, Amy would go to clean the apartment she rented. She would move in when her father returned.
	Her father had almost recovered from his illness. He was under observation in France now. Amy felt sorry since she was not there when he had the operation.
	When her father returned, she would spend more time with him and help him to improve his health. Amy knew that she could always rely on her father.
	"Amy, I will come back the day after tomorrow. I'm finally going home!" Stephen called Amy. He was happy because the operation was very successful. And he could take care of his daughter when he recovered.
Chapter 102 Stephen Returned Home
	When Stephen walked into the arrival hall, he immediately looked around for Amy in the crowd. It had been four months, and he missed his daughter very much.
	However, he did not see Amy. Just when he got a little disappointed, someone walked over and said, "You must be Mr. Stephen. I have been waiting for you. Please come with me." The man took Stephen's bags and led him forward.
	"You are?" Stephen wondered why his daughter hadn't come.
	"I'm here to pick you up. Your daughter is not well and can't come. It's too crowded here." The man explained to Stephen.
	In fact, Amy was probably still angry with Richard. She was going to pick up her father this morning. However, she wasn’t feeling well today. She kept throwing up and couldn't eat anything.
	Therefore, Richard asked her to stay home. And he called for a doctor to put her on intravenous drip.
	"Amy was ill?" Stephen was very nervous. Amy didn't have her mother around since childhood. He had brought her up by himself.
	"No. She is pregnant and has morning sickness. The master is worried about her and didn't let her go out. Don't worry. Mr. Miller, you will see her when we get there." The man explained.
	Stephen was relieved that his daughter's sickness was caused by pregnancy instead of diseases. Her mother also had morning sickness when she was carrying Amy. At that time, Stephen spared no efforts to take care of her. Although she left him afterwards, Stephen did not regret it.
	"Matt is really a good man. He has always been nice to Amy." Stephen said with a smile.
	The man didn't know what to answer. Matt? The manager of Wilson Group? What did he have to do with Mrs. Carter?
	When they arrived at the villa, the man quickly showed Stephen in. Amy was lying in the living room on a drip while Richard had gone to work. Amy was still annoyed and didn't want him around.
	"Amy!" Stephen felt like crying when he saw his daughter's pale face.
	"Dad! How's your journey? Is everything alright?" A smile brightened her face when Amy saw her father.
	"It's alright. Amy, are you feeling better? I heard that you had morning sickness. You must be careful. It may be helpful to eat something sour. Your mother used to eat that when she was pregnant." Stephen said.
	He told the servant beside him to get something sour for Amy.
	Some oranges were soon brought to Amy.
	Stephen went to wash his hands and peeled one.
	"This one should be sour enough. Have a try. You will like it." Stephen gave one piece to her.
	Amy took a bite. It was not sour at all to her.
	Robin was stunned. He had just tried one. The taste was so strong that he couldn't help swallowing as he recalled it.
	"It's yummy. I want more." Amy liked this flavor. It was sweet to her.
	Amy soon finished the whole orange.
	She wanted another one, but was stopped by Stephen. She would find other food tasteless after eating the oranges. Besides, having too much sour food would do harm to her teeth.
	The orange had relieved much of Amy's sickness. She felt better now.
	"Dad, how's your health?" Looking at her father, who was smiling to her, Amy thought of Richard. If it weren't for him, her father might have died.
	"I'm good. I had many tests before I got discharged from the hospital. And there was no problem. The doctor said that I was one of the patients who had fully recovered in their hospital." Stephen was delighted that he had got well again.
	"That's great. Dad, you haven't had a meal yet, have you? I've asked people to prepare some food for you. You can go and eat something. We will continue talking later." The intravenous drip was about to be finished. Amy wanted to have a talk with him after it was over.
	Robin took Stephen to the dining room. The dishes had been served before he arrived.
	"This place doesn't look like Amy's home. I remember that Matt and Amy lived in an apartment. When did it become a villa?" The house was so big that Stephen was confused.
	"Mr. Miller, please have your meal. You must be hungry now." Robin said to Stephen with a smile.
	Amy would explain to him. It was not proper for others to say anything.
	"Right. I do feel hungry." Having been abroad for more than four months, Stephen missed the food of his motherland.
	He couldn't eat anything for a long time before the operation. And when he was finally allowed to eat, Stephen found that he didn't like those food. Therefore, he had seldom got a full stomach.
	Looking at the domestic cuisine, Stephen was excited.
	He almost finished all the dishes. Robin was shocked and suddenly understood why Mrs. Carter had a good appetite. Like father, like daughter.
	Stephen put down the fork and started to heap praise on the food. He told Robin that he hadn't eaten any domestic dishes for a long time, and he felt that the food of his country was the best.
	When Stephen finished his meal, the intravenous drip was also over. He went back to the living room.
	"Amy, when did you move here? This house should be very expensive. Matt is just a manager. How could he afford this?" Stephen was afraid that his daughter had taken a loan. It would take a long time to pay off.
	"Dad, I divorced Matt." Amy knew that she could not hide it from her father forever. Now that he had recovered, he might be able to accept it.
	"You divorced Matt? Why? What happened?" Stephen had been deceived by Matt. And he hadn’t known that it was Matt who made him bankrupt.
	"Dad, listen. I..." Amy roughly told Stephen how she was forced into divorcing shortly after she got married. But she didn't say anything about the wedding night.
	Stephen slapped the table fiercely, which almost broke it.
	"How dare he!" Stephen was irritated by Matt’s behavior. Fortunately, he had a strong heart now, otherwise, he would have passed out.
	"It’s all over. And I've got benefits from my misfortune. Don't you think I'm better off now? Dad, your son-in-law had paid for your heart surgery." Amy tried to divert him from anger, and she wanted Stephen to get a good impression of Richard.
Chapter 103 A Satisfying Son-In-Law
	Amy kept praising Richard, making Robin feel as if Amy and Richard had always been in love with each other.
	"But, Amy, why were you dumped by Matt? You are such an outstanding girl. I really can't understand!" Matt and his daughter were in love for three years. During the three years, although Matt was not very nice to him, he put up with him for his daughter's sake. He had never imagined that Matt dumped his daughter.
	"Dad, don't be bothered about that. As the saying goes, this might be a blessing in disguise. Look, I'm very good now, right?" Amy let Stephen look at her.
	Stephen sighed and looked at his daughter. She looked very well but he didn't know what kind of person she had married. What if he was a disgusting old man, or even older than him? How disappointed her mother would be?
	"Am I late? Sorry, I went to a meeting this morning so I couldn't pick you up by myself." Richard rushed back. He didn't want Amy to go, but he had a very important meeting to attend.
	Stephen turned around and almost fell on the ground in fear. 'This man... this man, oh lord! Isn't he Richard Carter?'
	"C... Car... Mr. Carter?" Stephen stammered. Richard was like the king in R City. In the past, he didn't even dare to think of cooperating with HD Group. However, this man just showed up.
	"Mr. Miller, please just call me Richard." Richard walked to Amy and asked her how she was feeling today.
	Stephen's mouth was wide open, and he was unable to accept the truth.
	"Dad, this is your son-in-law, Richard. Don't be shocked. I've told you that I'm lucky!" Amy comforted Stephen. Hearing that, Stephen closed his mouth.
	If his daughter was dumped by Matt but married Richard, it was her fortune.
	"Mr. Miller, you travelled by plane for so long. Please have a rest in the guest room. Robin, take him to the guest room." Richard said thoughtfully to Stephen.
	"Yes. Yes. Alright. I'll take a rest." Stephen was relieved. It was too good to be true. He was happy for his daughter to have such good fortune.
	Stephen looked at Amy again and felt that the smile on her face was sincere, so he went to rest at ease.
	As soon as Stephen left, the smile on Amy's face disappeared.
	Just now, she had used all her strength to reassure her father. Now she felt very tired.
	"Are you tired? I can carry you up." Seeing Amy looking tired, Richard bent down to carry her up.
	"No, I can go up on my own. I'm pregnant so I need to walk more. It will benefit me when I give birth in the future." Amy was timid to let Richard pick her up in arms in front of so many people.
	"You can walk more a few months later. You have serious morning sickness, so move as less as possible." Richard didn't care about her embarrassment. He picked up Amy and walked upstairs.
	Amy was so light. She was not short, but Richard felt she was light in his arms.
	"You're too skinny. You should eat more. It’s good to you and our baby." Richard whispered to Amy.
	Amy instantly blushed. She felt itchy for his whispering.
	Looking at Amy's rosy face, Richard was in a good mood. He was going to be a father, so he had to take good care of the child's mother.
	Ever since he found out that Amy was pregnant, Richard had been sleeping in the guest room. He would check Amy a few times every night, but Amy did not know.
	"Amy, where have you been recently? You didn't even answer my call." Hannah picked up the phone and complained loudly.
	"Sorry, my phone is not with me. I missed many calls." After she was pregnant, Richard had strict control over her cell phone, so she often couldn't hear the phone ring. She could only call back later.
	"Did Richard ground you? Why is he so strict? Shall Hilary and I go to save you?" Hannah thought that Richard was unkind to Amy.
	However, Amy could not tell Hannah that she was pregnant. If Hannah knew, Hilary would know, and so would Cathy.
	"No, something's wrong with my eyes, so he asked me to spend less time on my phone." Amy found a good excuse.
	"It's so boring in the company recently. Why didn't you come to work? Life isn't fun anymore." It had been a long time since Amy went to work. Ever since Richard announced that she was his wife at HD Group, Amy had never gone to work again. She felt embarrassed to meet everyone.
	"Hannah, I can't go out now. I'm not feeling very well these days. If you miss me, come and visit me with Hilary." Amy also missed Hannah and Hilary. It had been more than a week since they met.
	"Really? I can go and see you? That's great. I'll come and see you with Hilary after work today. What's wrong with you? I'm so worried." Hannah had been worried about Amy.
	"Nothing serious. You can come here later." Amy didn't care what Richard would think. Anyway, he had announced that she was married to him so this was also her house. Moreover, she was pregnant, so Richard shouldn't blame her, right?
	But Amy felt that she should tell Richard first, so she called him.
	"Hello, Mr. Carter."
	"Hey, Amy, what is it?" Richard was having a meeting but he immediately shushed everyone.
	"I want to invite Hannah and Hilary over. Is that OK?" Amy's voice sounded pleading.
	Richard smiled, "Of course, that's also your home. Your friends can come whenever they want. Just tell Robin what you want to eat." Richard's voice was drowned in love.
	"Alright then, thank you." Amy only heard Richard agree. She was too nervous to pay attention to his tone.
	The members of the board present all gaped. Was that soft and gender man their serious cold-blooded president? Were they dizzy? Did they really see the doting smile on his face?
	"Alright, let's talk about the sales department!" Richard hung up the phone and his face turned cold again.
	Everyone was relieved. They were sure they had been dizzy just now.
Chapter 104 A Luxurious Villa
	"Richard is truly the richest person in R City. This house is even bigger than Andy's!" Hannah looked at the villa where Amy lived and praised it sincerely.
	"Amy, I think it's quite good for you to live here. The environment is nice and the house is big, although the transportation is not convenient. However, you have cars, so it is not a problem at all." After Hannah finished admiring the living room, she was attracted by the fresh fruit on the coffee table before she shifted her gaze to other places.
	"We are lucky. These strawberries are fresh. There are mangosteens as well. They're my favorite." Hannah's eyes were shining with greed.
	"Hilary, your family is so rich. You have to treat us to a big meal. I will rip you off to relieve my envy of you!" As Hannah enjoyed the fruit, she kept speaking.
	"Good, suit yourself." Hilary happily agreed.
	They romped around in the house. When they were together, they always roared with laughter.
	"Come on. Braised shrimps are ready. You like it the most." Stephen came out of the kitchen. He was holding a large pot of braised shrimps in his hand. Stephen was a good cook. Amy had been brought up by him when she was young. He wore two hats at home as both father and mother, so he became a superb cook.
	"Mr. Miller, when did you come back?" Hannah saw Stephen and ran over excitedly.
	"Hannah! You must be Hilary, right? Amy said that her best friends would pay a visit, so I prepare these dishes. Seeing you, I feel that I am much younger!" Stephen patted Hannah on the shoulder. He watched these children grow up. They were just like his own children.
	"Mr. Miller, you are young." Hannah and Hilary both praised Stephen in unison.
	"Alright, sit down. I still have to cook two more dishes. They will be ready soon." Now that he was in good health and he didn't need to worry about his business, Stephen felt that he was relaxed.
	"Alright, we'll wait patiently. Mr. Miller is the best cook. My mother has learned many cuisines from him!" Hannah said happily.
	"I envy Amy for having such a capable father," As Hilary said, she reached towards the braised shrimps.
	"It's delicious." Hilary couldn't resist it. It was too delicious, much better than what her mother cooked. She planned to ask her mother to learn how to cook.
	Seeing that Hilary was enjoying the food, Hannah hurriedly joined in. She was afraid that there would be no braised shrimps left in a second.
	While Amy had no appetite. She felt a little uncomfortable when she smelled it. She had been two months pregnant. For she had taken some medicine, she didn't have strong reactions to pregnancy.
	"Amy, have a try. Why don't you eat it? It will be finished soon." While they were busy eating, they didn't forget to shell a few shrimps for Amy.
	"Alright, help yourself. My father can make it for me any time." Amy gave them back the shelled shrimps.
	Hearing that, Hilary and Hannah thought it made sense. So, they no longer cared about Amy and enjoyed the food happily.
	If it weren't for the fact that the plate was still on the table, Stephen would doubt if he had served the braised shrimps. There were no shrimps on the plate, but shrimp shells piled up on the table.
	"Mr. Miller, they are so yummy. We've eaten them up," Hilary and Hannah said to Stephen, embarrassed.
	"That's great. It means that I'm still a good cook. Here are braised meatballs and steamed bass." Stephen made many dishes to their liking, but Amy didn't want to eat anything.
	"This is Amy's favorite sweet cake." Only then did Stephen serve the food that Amy wanted. To cook what she liked was the most troublesome, so it took the longest time. But since Amy liked it, Stephen would cook it no matter how troublesome it was.
	This dessert was served too late and Hilary and Hannah had been full, so Amy had a chance to have them.
	The food was full of her father's love. Amy enjoyed it happily. It had been a long time since she had the food that her father cooked. Ever since her father was hospitalized for a heart attack, Amy had been like a child that no one wanted.
	"Amy, I think something's wrong with you!" Hannah suddenly said to Amy. While having soup, Hilary looked up at them.
	"What's wrong?" Thinking Hannah might find that she was pregnant, Amy was considering how to explain it to them.
	"Are you deliberately leaving the dishes for us? They are so tasty but you want us to eat first. I'm so touched!" Hannah hugged Amy.
	Only then did Amy breathe a sigh of relief. She almost told them her pregnancy.
	"That's right. You're my guests today, so I want to make you happy. Besides, this is the first time Hilary enjoys the food cooked by my father, and she likes it so much. Of course, I need to let her have more." Amy was looking so generous and nice!
	"Amy, I love you so much." Hilary smiled with great joy. Today, she ate happily and was satisfied.
	After dinner, they went to Amy's bedroom to take a look. Hilary had been here before. But Hannah was shocked by what she saw. Was this just a bedroom? It was bigger than her house. The queen-size bed was so comfortable.
	Without standing on ceremony, Hannah lay down on the bed and felt it.
	"I'm relieved to see you live such a good life. Amy, you don't have to go to work anymore. I heard that Allison was hospitalized, but she's coming to work tomorrow. It's annoying to see her. It's good for you to be with Mr. Miller at home." Hannah felt that Richard was quite nice to Amy. It must be fantastic to live in this house!
	"Well, I'm not going to work for now. I feel embarrassed in the company." Amy didn't want to go to work anymore. She had got a relatively good job.
	They chatted for a while. Even all of them slept on Amy's big bed, they wouldn’t feel crowded.
	It was getting dark, so Hannah and Hilary were going home.
	Amy saw them off at the door, reluctantly to part with them.
	"Amy, take care of yourself. We'll call you more often. I find that you're quite tired. You should rest well." Hannah and Hilary reminded Amy before they left.
Chapter 105 Abort the Baby
	Amy had been pregnant for three months, and she didn’t suffer morning sickness any longer. She ate much, and her baby was good in her belly.
	Stephen was still living in the villa. Richard said that Amy loved the food cooked by Stephen, so he asked Stephen to stay and cook for Amy.
	Richard was right, so Amy found it improper to insist on her father's moving out. She felt it quite pleasant to have her father keep her company at home.
	"Amy, it's been three months. We should go to the hospital to have another check-up." Richard took a day off from his busy schedule and planned to take Amy to the hospital.
	"I'll go myself. Business first." Amy thought she could go to the hospital on her own, and there was no need for anyone to keep her company.
	"I'd better go with you. Anyway, I've finished my work today, and I don't have much to do tomorrow." Richard was still worried. He wanted to be there for Amy all the time.
	Amy didn't insist. Since Richard said so, she believed he had arranged everything well.
	As Amy was pregnant, Richard spent more time at home, but he often went out at night. Amy thought that he might have gone to see Allison, so she felt a little flustered.
	"Mr. Carter, I’m sorry to tell you the bad news. You baby suffers from congenital physical deformity. We suggest abortion," The head of the gynecology department looked at the ultrasound report and said to Richard.
	"What? Congenital physical deformity? Is it serious?" Richard got anxious.
	"Yes. Sorry. So far, we cannot see his limbs." The head showed the B-ultrasound image to Richard.
	Richard took a look. However, this was Amy's first baby. She was so happy to be a mother. If he suddenly told her to abort the baby, Richard was afraid that she would not be strong enough to stand it.
	"Can't we wait any longer?" Richard said to the head.
	"We can't wait any longer. Otherwise, the mother will suffer more and it will cause ill effects on her womb. So we have to abort the baby as soon as possible. You are still young. You can have more babies in the future." The head sighed and comforted. She didn’t want to see this either. But she had to be responsible for both the patient and the child. A child born with physical disability wouldn’t be the only one who suffered. So would everyone around it.
	"I'll think about it. I need to go back and discuss it with my wife." Richard had a heavy heart.
	"Alright, Mr. Carter. If you make up your mind, please contact me as soon as possible so that I can arrange the operation." She sighed again.
	Richard walked out of the office, feeling sad and unfair.
	"How's it going?" Amy had a hopeful expression on her face. She felt that her baby was fine and there was no need for any examination.
	"Amy, are you hungry? I'll send you back first. I have something to tell you tonight." Richard had yet to figure out how to tell Amy. He wanted to go to the company and think about it.
	"Alright, then I'll wait for you." Seeing that Richard's expression was terrible, Amy stopped asking.
	Just as they left the gynecology department, Allison came out from the corner. She saw Richard bring Amy here, so she followed them. Now that they left, she entered the head’s office.
	"Hello, Monica." Allison greeted the head.
	"Allison? I haven't seen you for a few years, and you have grown taller and prettier." Monica Neville was a classmate of Allison's mother.
	"Monica, you look as beautiful as before." Allison and Monica had a small talk.
	After exchanged greetings, Allison got to the point.
	"Monica, what happened to Richard just now? He looked a little pale."
	"The woman coming with him was pregnant. It's supposed to be good news, but her baby suffers from physical disability. So she will have to abort it." Monica didn't hide anything from Allison and told her.
	"Well, this is indeed quite pitiful." Allison knew that Monica was a kind person, so she pretended to feel sorry for Richard. After getting the answer, she said goodbye to Monica.
	Allison went to the company and found that Richard was working in his office. He probably hadn't told Amy about the news yet. But she came up with a better idea. She could go and tell Amy about it.
	"Richard, I know Amy is pregnant, but I don't mind it. Don't force her to have an abortion. Life should be valued." Amy suddenly got this message.
	Soon, another came.
	"I made a mistake. Amy, don't misunderstand."
	Amy deleted both text messages. 'What does it mean? Will Richard ask me to abort my baby? Did he pretend to be nice to me before? But it doesn't look like so.'
	A second later, Amy received a call. She saw that it was an unfamiliar number, so she did not answer it.
	However, that person was persistent. She kept calling, so Amy could only pick it up.
	"Amy, I made a mistake just now. Don’t get me wrong and never blame Richard. He has no other choice." It was Allison who called. Her voice sounded anxious, as if she were about to cry.
	"What do you mean?" Amy asked her.
	"Amy, I don't mean to hurt you. Richard...I don't want to. The baby is innocent." After Allison finished speaking, she hung up the phone in tears.
	Amy held her phone and stared at it blankly. Did Richard intend to abort her baby because he didn't want Allison to become a stepmother? Amy was four months pregnant. How could he be so heartless?
	Amy didn't come to her senses for a long time until Stephen called for her for meal.
	The food Stephen and the nutritionist cooked was delicious, but Amy found it tasteless.
	She didn't know how much she had eaten, but she couldn't have anymore. She had no appetite at all.
	She wanted to see Richard and asked him why he wanted to kill her baby.
	However, she couldn't be anxious. She must calm down and protect her baby. Her baby couldn't be killed. It meant everything for her. If the baby was aborted, her love and concretion towards Richard would disappear as well.
	"Amy, why don't you turn on the light?" Richard walked into the bedroom and saw Amy sitting in the darkness.
	"Richard, you're back." Amy called Richard in such a trembling voice that everyone would feel heartbroken once hearing it.
Chapter 106 Miscarriage
	Richard heard Amy's trembling voice and felt devastated.
	"I'm back. Amy, are you feeling unwell? Do you need a doctor?" Richard heard Amy's voice and thought that she was sick.
	Richard wanted to turn on the lights, but Amy stopped him.
	"No, I'm just a little tired." Amy did not say anything and turned to look at Richard.
	"Oh, are you tired? Then have a good rest first." Richard wanted to discuss it with Amy, but when he saw that Amy was tired, he felt he should find a better time.
	"Alright." Seeing Richard hesitate to speak, Amy knew that he was trying to say something to her. She would not mention it first. But she wanted to see what terrible excuse Richard would use to persuade her to abort the baby.
	Richard had Amy lie down and tucked her in. He looked into Amy's eyes that were shining brightly in the dark.
	"Richard, are you leaving now?" Amy called out.
	"Then I'll stay for a while." Richard wanted to leave and think about how to talk Amy into abortion. However, Amy wanted him to stay, so he stopped.
	"Forget it, just go and do your work. I will be resting." Amy wanted to hear his excuse, but she was also afraid that she couldn't accept it, so she chose to escape.
	Richard sighed. He went out and closed the door. He stood at the door and thought for a while. Without any clues, he returned to the guest room.
	Amy couldn't fall asleep and tossed and turned in bed. She got up and wanted to pour herself some water. When she arrived at the corridor, she saw that the lights in the guest room were still on.
	Richard was very hardworking, and Amy felt sorry for him. She went to the kitchen, cooked a bowl of noodles with a fried egg and was on the way to deliver it to him.
	The door was unlocked. Just as Amy was about to push the door open, she heard Richard talking on the phone.
	"Allison, listen to me. We can’t let it be. We just can’t. What about you if we keep it?"
	Allison might be arguing with him on the phone, and he was very angry and he shouted loudly.
	"I said no. Whatever you are going to say, my answer is no." Then he hung up the phone.
	The bowl in Amy's hands fell to the ground and she stood there in a daze.
	"Who's there?" Just as Richard's voice came out, he already rushed to the door. As soon as he opened the door, he saw Amy, who was on the verge of collapse.
	"Amy?" Richard immediately hugged Amy.
	However, Amy went weak and fell on the ground.
	Her knees were slit by the broken porcelain pieces on the ground, and she was bleeding.
	"Amy, Amy." Richard was anxious. He didn't know what was going on with Amy. He saw the noodles on the ground and realized Amy was going to take them to him. But how did she drop the bowl?
	At this time, Richard panicked at once. He bent down and picked Amy up, shouting at Robin for the doctor.
	Amy's knees were bleeding, and blood was also flowing out from between her legs.
	"Mr. Carter, we can't keep the baby. We have to go to the hospital immediately. It's a sign of miscarriage." The family doctor immediately asked Richard to take Amy to the hospital.
	With the cold medical instruments operating on Amy's body, she felt as if her body were going to be hollowed out.
	She opened her eyes and saw the white ceiling and she smelled the strong odor of disinfectant.
	"My baby, my baby." Amy could feel that the baby had left this world.
	"Try to calm down. The baby is... and we are cleaning up." The surgeon was talking to Amy. She was so anxious that the operation could barely proceed.
	"Who told you to take my baby away? Give it back to me, give it back to me!" When Amy heard this, she became even more hysterical.
	"Hold her. We'll be done soon. Miss, we are cleaning up to avoid a clot. Hold on." When the doctor saw that Amy was out of control, he asked someone to hold her down.
	Amy's tears flowed out. Did Richard plan all this? He said that even if they got divorced, she could take the child with her. Was he afraid that she would use the child to ask for money?
	'Richard, I hate you, I will never forgive you!'
	*****
	"Amy, eat something." Stephen cooked chicken soup and sent it to Amy. He didn't know what had happened. His daughter had miscarried for no reason, but at this critical moment, his son-in-law had gone on a business trip.
	"Dad, I don't want it." Amy had yet to recover from the pain of losing her baby.
	"Sweetheart, eat some. You just had a miscarriage. You should take care of yourself. You can get pregnant again. Don't be sad." Stephen comforted his daughter.
	"Okay." Amy nodded.
	"Amy, Amy, what happened? Why didn't you tell us you were pregnant?" Hilary received a call from her brother and brought Hannah to visit Amy.
	"Tell you what? My baby is gone." Amy's face was pale. No one wouldn't feel heartache when looking at her.
	"My brother said that the baby was defective, which led to your miscarriage." Hilary said to Amy.
	"Defective? This is a pretty good excuse." Amy sneered. Why didn't the doctor say anything? Instead, Richard said this after Allison sent the wrong message.
	Hilary didn't know what to say since she really didn't know anything.
	"Hilary, where is your brother?" Amy looked up at Hilary and asked her.
	Hilary didn't know how to answer. Her brother's wife had a miscarriage and was in hospital, and he wasn’t there with her. He was so bad!
	"Don't be afraid. Tell me, where is he?" Amy looked at Hilary in hope.
	"He...went to France with Allison." Hilary knew that she couldn't hide it. He was going to stay in France for a long time, so Amy would find it sooner or later.
	After Amy heard this, she didn't say anything. Everything was clear. Her baby was gone, but Richard left with Allison to have fun. Both of them were cruel monsters!
	Looking at the chicken soup, Amy had a desire to drink it. Why should she be so depressed while they were happy out there?
	"Dad, give me the chicken soup. I want to drink it." Amy pointed at the chicken soup and said to Stephen.
Chapter 107 Leave
	"Robin, I want to go out for a walk, you don't have to have a driver follow me. My father hasn't returned for a long time, and I'll go out with him." Amy told Robin. She was carrying her bag, wearing an ordinary white T-shirt and jeans as well as white canvas shoes. She looked like a high school student.
	"Alright then, are you coming back for dinner?" Robin agreed. Richard asked him to try his best to satisfy any request Amy had. This request was too simple.
	"If we come back, I'll call you. If I don't call, then you don't have to prepare dinner for us." Amy said with a smile.
	"Oh, okay." Robin left and busied himself.
	Amy went out with Stephen.
	"Dad, you can't always stay at your son-in-law's house. I've rented a house for you. The requirement of the renting is that you must take care of it and clean it, and nothing else." After leaving, Amy said to Stephen.
	"That makes sense. I wanted to rent a house a long time ago. However, you've always been busy, and I was not free. I didn't expect that you had rented it for me. My Amy has grown up, and has been very thoughtful now." Although Richard’s house was spacious and luxurious, Stephen always felt that it was not proper to live there.
	"Then I'll bring you over today. Here are the keys." Amy and Stephen went to the rented house.
	"Amy, the house you rented is fantastic. But with such good conditions, it must be very expensive, right?" Stephen was very satisfied with the house.
	"Dad, don’t worry. The landlord will not come back for the time being. Your son-in-law is rich, so of course I can rent a better house for you. When the time is right, I will buy you one." Amy showed Stephen around the house.
	She was planning that in these few years, she could take on more jobs, save some money, and buy a house for her father. She rented this house for several years, which gave her a buffer time.
	"Amy, I failed you. I thought I could give you a good life, but now I need you to do it for me." Stephen felt guilty and sorry for Amy.
	"Dad, what are you talking about? You raised me up and I am already over 20. So it's time for me to take care of you now." Amy's eyes were filled with tears.
	In these twenty years, Stephen was so good to Amy. He was both father and mother, and he also had to develop his own career. He had always been single and did not find a stepmother for Amy. He said that he was afraid that Amy would suffer.
	"Good girl." Stephen held his daughter's hand. He had a lot of mixed feelings in his heart, but he couldn't express them to Amy.
	"Dad, Richard happens to be away recently. So I'll spend more time with you. I'll stay here as well. We can talk freely now and I always feel uncomfortable in the villa." Amy sat on the rocking chair and looked at the blue sky outside the window. Her heavy heart was finally eased.
	*****
	"Robin, what did you say? Amy and Stephen are both missing?" More than a month later, Robin finally reached Richard and immediately reported the situation at home to him.
	"Yes, Mrs. Carter didn't leave the hospital for long. She said that she was going out with Stephen, but she didn't come back. I've sent someone out to look for her, but they haven't found her."
	'I called you but you turned off your phone. What do you wanna do?' Robin didn't dare to say this and only complained in his heart.
	"Alright, I understand." Richard hung up the phone and asked someone to book a plane ticket to return home.
	"Richard, what happened?" Allison lay on the hospital bed and looked at Richard’s anxious face. Of course, she knew what had happened.
	"Allison, our contract is over. The operation is finished. My obligation is fulfilled. I hope you will remember what you said." Richard wore a long face.
	"Richard, how can you speak to a patient like this? Isn't my leg hurt because of you?" Allison started crying.
	Her tears irritated Richard even more. He didn't know where Amy had gone. She must be so angry, but there was nothing he could do about it. For the sake of ending the relation with Allison once for all, he had to do this.
	"Allison, look, I've been here with you for two months. You told me to turn off my phone and spend these two months with you. And I've done it. I hope you won't break your promise. There are only two days before two months. I have to leave." Richard felt that he couldn't stay any longer.
	"You said that there were still two days left. At that time, we agreed that it would be the whole two months. You can’t leave one minute earlier." Allison was sobbing again, and Richard was gonna get crazy upon hearing it. He really wanted to turn around and leave immediately.
	'Fine, there are still two days left. Just wait.' Richard called Robin and said that he would go back in two days and asked him to continue looking for Amy.
	Robin had no other choice. He managed to reach Richard with great difficulty, but Richard wouldn't come back now. He had searched all the places where he thought Amy would go, including Hannah's home.
	As a result, Hannah asked why he came to her house, and in the end, he could only say that Amy was missing.
	While Robin was looking for Amy throughout R City, he felt as if she had disappeared from the world without a trace.
	But in fact, Amy went out once a week. She told Stephen that she was going home to take a look. Then, she would return on time in the afternoon. Stephen did not doubt her. He thought that his daughter wanted to spend more time with him. Since her husband hadn't come back, he enjoyed himself quite a lot.
	Hannah did not come to find Amy because Amy left a message to her in advance, telling her not to look for her or ask where she had gone. She was fine and there was no need to worry about her.
	Although Hannah did not go to find Amy, she was still a little worried. She did not know where Amy had gone, so she went to Andy.
	Andy looked quite calm.
	"Amy isn’t a child. She must have her reasons for doing this. She has just miscarried, but her husband has gone out with another woman. What would you do if you were her?" Andy placed the documents on the table and asked Hannah.
	"Me? I might make the same choice. Since he doesn't love her anymore, why should they still be together? It's just a waste of time!" Hannah thought for a moment and understood Amy’s choice.
	"So, Richard doesn't love Amy. Otherwise, he wouldn't have done this. Amy wants to leave to relax herself, so we don't need to disturb her. Hannah, stay home. You're not allowed to go anywhere!"
Chapter 108 Miss
	Andy was worried that Hannah would find Amy and make a ruckus. He knew that Amy was fine and was still working hard.
	Amy felt that the company she worked for was especially good to her recently. She had be assigned a lot of documents, but they weren't too difficult. She even felt a little embarrassed to take so much money for such a simple job.
	"Erin, have you reviewed all the documents you gave me recently?" Amy asked Erin who gave her the documents.
	"Our boss has personally reviewed them. What's wrong? Are they difficult? If they are too difficult, I'll report it to our boss." Erin didn't dare to offend Amy who was appointed directly by the boss.
	"No, no, they are a little ... Forget it, I've got this." Amy couldn't tell Erin that these documents were too easy. She could translate one document a day. It was easy money. But since the boss had reviewed them, would she seem unbelievable by complaining it was too easy?
	"By the way, Miss Miller, our boss is very satisfied with the quality of your translation. He said that he wanted to raise your payment. We'll pay you 100 more for every thousand words. What do you think?" Seeing that Amy was about to leave, Erin suddenly remembered it. Fortunately, he did not forget.
	"100?" Amy felt that it was like a dream. Was the boss so rich that he wanted to squander his money? They gave her the simplest documents, but they wanted to pay her more.
	Erin saw Amy's shocked expression and thought that the money was not enough. "If you think it's not enough, then I..."
	"No, no! You don't have to pay me more. It's enough now." The company had given her the highest payment in the industry, so how could she ask for more?
	"The boss said that we needed to raise the payment. By the way, these documents are rather urgent. Can you finish the translation before Friday?" Erin asked Amy.
	"Sure, then I'll send you the translation before Friday." Amy looked over the documents. There was no problem to finish the task before Friday.
	Amy took the documents and left the company. Seeing the bus arrive, she quickly ran over and got on the bus.
	Richard's car happened to pass here after Amy got on the bus. He had been back for two days, but still had no clues about Amy. He was so anxious that he got a pimple on the corner of his mouth.
	At that time, he left for France in a hurry, thinking that he could explain to Amy when he came back. He knew that she was stubborn, but there was no time for him to explain back then.
	It was all his fault. What should he do now? Where was Amy? Where was she?
	"Kevin, spare no efforts to find Amy for me." Richard had been absent from work for two months, so he was still busy dealing with the affairs of HD Group.
	He had no choice but to let Kevin help him.
	"Richard, are you joking? You yourself can't find her. What do you expect from me? I heard that if a woman wanted to hide from you, you wouldn't be able to find her." Kevin had looked for her, but there were no clues.
	Richard did not even raise his head. He only said, "I know that Hannah has loved someone since she was a child."
	"Holy shit! Damn you! I'll go, OK? Who is the man that Hannah has loved since childhood?" Sure enough, Kevin changed his mind. He wanted to know who the man was.
	"Help me find Amy first. If you find her, I'll tell you about it." Richard continued to work. He looked at the enormous pile of documents and just wanted to throw them out.
	"Alright, it's a deal. Let’s do this. I don't believe that I can't find Amy." Kevin's spirits instantly rose.
	Sometimes, the harder he tried to look for someone, the less possible for him to find that person. Amy didn't hide. She had just lived as usual. Every day, she translated documents at home. Stephen went shopping and cooked for her. The father and daughter lived happily.
	It had been two months since Amy left the villa. Stephen had also felt weird about it. However, he did not ask. He thought that Amy must have her reasons. If she wanted to say it, she would tell him. It was also good to let her calm down.
	On Friday, Amy held the translated documents, got on the bus and arrived at the company.
	"Miss Miller, you came on time. You finished translating so many documents. It's really amazing." When Erin received the documents, he praised Amy.
	"Erin, you're flattering me. Oh right, why do I feel like you overpaid me?" The translation fees were transferred to her account normally the day after she handed in the documents.
	"Overpaid? I paid you 100 more for every thousand words. Also, the festival is approaching. Everyone gets a thousand for the festival." Erin explained to Amy.
	"OK, I see. We can get paid for the festivals!" Amy felt that the welfare of this company was too good.
	However, she quickly searched the festival in her mind. The coming festival was Children's Day.
	Forget it, maybe this company celebrated some foreign festivals as well. She didn't want to ask anymore. With the documents Erin gave her, she left again. She paid all her attention to translating documents and didn't want to think about Richard or her baby. Thinking about them only made her heart hurt. She just buried herself in her work so that she could forget everything.
	*****
	As Richard returned to his villa, it was already very late. He worked overtime every day so that he could finish these work soon and turned to focus on finding Amy.
	Nothing had changed in the bedroom. Amy didn't even take away the clothes he had bought for her. The jewelry he had given her was well arranged. Amy left here without taking anything.
	But there was still her scent on the pillow and the sheets. Richard hugged the pillow in his arms and sniffed the faint scent. Then he felt there was something under the pillow which seemed to be a piece of paper.
	Richard took out the paper Amy left for him. It was a divorce agreement. There was no content except Amy's signature at the bottom.
	Richard was so angry that he grabbed the paper in his hand and tore it into pieces. Did she not believe in him at all?
	"Amy, come back. I miss you." Richard hugged the pillow and buried his head in it. For the first time, he couldn’t help crying.
Chapter 109 I Want Amy Back
	"Amy?" Just as Amy was about to get on the bus, someone grabbed her on her arm. She paused and turned to look at that person.
	Allison wore a delicate makeup on her face. She looked happy and cheerful. It seemed that she got along well with Richard, so she looked much more energetic.
	"What do you want?" Amy asked her.
	"Amy, I'm really sorry. I asked Richard to go to France with me and he couldn’t take care of you." Allison's face was filled with guilt, as if she were truly sorry for Amy, but her eyes were full of pride.
	"It doesn't matter. I'm fine. If that’s it, I'm leaving." Watching the bus leave, Amy's heart was broken. The next bus would not arrive until half an hour later.
	"I want to buy you a cup of coffee, OK? I have something to tell you." Allison put on an innocent expression.
	"If you have anything to say, just say it here. I don't want to drink coffee." Amy refused. She didn't want to have something to do with Allison.
	"It's about Richard and you. Don't you want to know?" Allison looked at Amy's face. She wanted to know how Amy felt about Richard. She couldn’t wait to see how disappointed and sad Amy was.
	"I don't want to hear it. I still have things to do, so I will get out of your hair." Amy would not give Allison a chance to show off in front of her.
	Allison hesitated for a while and said, "Alright then, I apologize to you on behalf of Richard. Also, you two are still married. Richard and I are..."
	"If you want to get married, I have given the divorce agreement to Richard. He can sign it at any time. I have signed it. Sorry, I'm leaving." Amy didn't want to say anything to Allison right now. She turned around and waved her hand to stop a taxi. She got on the taxi and left.
	Allison looked at Amy's back and wanted to laugh. She just used a small trick and Amy fell for it. Her mother was really smart. She was right to follow her mother’s advice.
	Allison did not stay any longer. She went home and wanted to ask her mother how to keep Richard by her side.
	*****
	"Richard, you bastard! Where is Amy? Bring her back to me!" Cathy had always wanted to go shopping with Amy, but she couldn't get in touch with Amy anymore. So she went to Richard's villa and was told that Amy was out.
	However, she felt weird since every time she came here, Amy was out. She couldn’t be so unlucky. Under her questioning, Hilary told her about Amy's miscarriage.
	As Cathy heard that her grandchild was gone, she was so angry that she drove her car with Hilary and came to Richard to ask for an explanation.
	Seeing his mother's angry expression, Richard hurriedly stopped working and walked over to comfort his mother.
	"Mom, what are you doing here? Why don't you tell me that you are coming?" Richard said to Cathy in the sofa.
	"Can't I come here? Only that slut can come?" When Cathy was angry, she was mean. Coincidentally, Allison brought her a cup of tea, and she heard Cathy cursing her as a slut.
	"Mom, calm down and drink some tea." Richard took the tea from Allison's hand and handed it to Cathy.
	"I don't want to drink tea. I want my Amy back. Find her. Go find her for me." Cathy was spoiled by Richard's father. She just lost her temper and asked for whatever she wanted regardless of everything.
	"Allison, leave us. I'll call you later if I need you." Richard sent Allison away.
	"OK. Mrs. Carter, I'll go out first." Allison politely said to Cathy and left. Her mother had repeatedly warned her not to offend anyone from the Carter family. Otherwise, she would not be able to marry into the Carter family.
	Seeing Allison leave, Cathy stood up again.
	"Richard, you're already married, so don't do stupid things anymore. What's wrong with Amy? Why do you treat her like this? I heard from Hilary that you let Amy abort the baby. Why? For Allison?" Cathy walked to Richard.
	"Mom, it's not like that." Richard wanted to explain.
	"Then what is it? Do you think I'm stupid? Amy had a miscarriage, but you accompanied Allison to France. Why did you do in France? To go on your honeymoon?" The more Cathy said, the angrier she became. She didn't know what kind of a spell Allison had cast on her son.
	"Mom, I went to France with Allison because of an urgent matter." at this moment, Richard felt that his mother would not believe him no matter what he said.
	He had an agreement with Allison which he couldn't tell anyone else so that he could leave Allison some dignity.
	"An urgent matter, how urgent can it be? Do you know how vulnerable a woman is when she just had a miscarriage? But you didn’t care about her. You even left her in hospital alone." Cathy felt heartache when she thought about it.
	"Mom, I've arranged Robin to take good care of her. I wanted to explain to her when I came back, but she left." Richard pressed Cathy on the sofa again, letting her sit.
	"I don't care. You need to find my daughter-in-law immediately. Also, Richard, don't think about divorcing Amy. If you want to divorce, I will kill myself!" Cathy also spoke ruthlessly. Amy was way better than Allison, but her son was too foolish to see that!
	"Mom, don't worry. I won't divorce Amy." Richard quickly promised. Amy was missing, and he was also very anxious, but there was nothing he could do.
	"That's good. I'm going back." Cathy was an impatient person. After getting her son's promise, she felt relieved. Richard was a man of his word and would not lie to her.
	Allison heard Cathy's words as well. She was so angry that she gritted her teeth. What was so good about Amy? Amy was nobody but the daughter of a poor family. However, she, Allison, was the daughter of the Field family. How could Amy compare to her?
	Hearing that Cathy was about to leave, Allison hurriedly hid to the side.
	"Kevin, it has been three days. Haven't you got anything yet?" after his mother left, Richard picked up the phone and urged Kevin.
	"No. I just asked Hannah. I think she knows something because she seems quite calm. I think it's very abnormal." Kevin searched throughout R City but couldn't find Amy.
	"Then let's start with Hannah and use all your shameless means!"
Chapter 110 The Familiar Necklace
	"Kevin, you've followed me for three days. I've told you that I don't know where Amy is." Hannah didn't know what to do with Kevin.
	"I'm just following you silently. I'm not going to do anything to you." Kevin had been following Hannah all along. A few days ago, he asked Hannah where Amy was. She said that she didn't know, but now he didn't ask anymore. He just followed Hannah, driving her crazy.
	"Alright, it's the best if you don't ask, but don't follow me, please!" Hannah was a little annoyed by Kevin.
	He had been following her without saying anything. Her colleagues were asking her if she had offended the underworld.
	"I'm just doing my own business. How can you accuse me that I'm following you?" Kevin started to be shameless.
	"Are you sure you want to follow me in?" Hannah suddenly stopped. She turned around and asked Kevin.
	Kevin raised his head and found that it was the ladies' room. He immediately shook his head.
	"No, no. I won't go in. I'll stand here for a while."
	"Suit yourself!" Hannah went into the bathroom. If there was a window or something, she would want to climb out. Richard could not find Amy and he deserved it. She did not know why Kevin was pestering her.
	She wanted to warn Kevin that if he followed her again, he would be screwed!
	After thinking it through, Hannah came out of the toilet. She pulled Kevin to a place with no one around.
	"Kevin, let me ask you, why are you working for Richard? Why do you get yourself involved?"
	"You think I want to? I have no choice. I want to know a secret. Only Richard can tell me, so I have to help him. Hannah, you are Amy's best friend. How can you not know where she is? Richard and Amy just have a misunderstanding. Help me out!" Kevin continued to ask Hannah for help.
	"Why don't you understand? Amy doesn't want anyone to find her, so she didn't tell anyone. I don't know where she is. If I know, do you think I will still stay here doing nothing? You've been keeping an eye on me. Have you ever seen me looking for her?" Hannah shouted at Kevin in the end.
	It was so loud that his eardrums almost broke.
	"Then tell me, who is that man in your heart?" When Kevin saw that he could not find Amy's whereabouts, he began to ask her the question he wanted to ask.
	"It's none of your business. You know what, Kevin, you'd better return my necklace to me. Otherwise, I won't talk to you anymore." Hannah wanted to threaten Kevin with something, but after thinking for a moment, she had nothing against him.
	"I'll give it back to you as soon as you tell me. How about it? I just want to know who that man is. How can he be better than me?" Kevin said evilly. He approached Hannah and pressed her against the wall.
	"Mr. Smith, if you are really bored, you can count the stars at night. I'm very busy, so I'll leave right now." Hannah wanted to push Kevin away.
	However, Kevin was so strong that no matter how hard she pushed him, he stood still.
	Looking at Hannah's babbling lips, Kevin realized that it had been a long time since he kissed her. He lowered his head on impulse and kissed Hannah's lips all of a sudden.
	He kissed her again! Hannah's brain went blank and she forgot to breathe for a moment.
	Ever since Kevin kissed her last time, she kept recalling his kiss at night. Shouldn't she hate it? But she didn't actually. And she even missed his kiss. Hannah felt that she was out of her mind.
	Hannah came to her senses. What was she doing? She should have refused instead of closing her eyes to enjoy. Thus, she opened her eyes and began to punch Kevin with both of her hands.
	Kevin quickly grabbed her two hands. He couldn't stop kissing Hannah. How could she taste so yummy? He felt he was addicted to kissing her and completely fell for her.
	"What are you doing here?" The manager of the sales department came here by accident. Looking at the two who were kissing, he was stunned. Why would someone make out in the company? Moreover, it was in his sales department.
	As Kevin heard this, he used his coat to cover Hannah's face. Anyway, she was in the uniform, so the manager couldn't recognize who she was.
	He turned around and looked coldly at the manager of the sales department.
	"Mr. Smith? Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't see anything. Please continue." Seeing that it was Kevin, the manager hurriedly turned around and left. He didn't notice that it was Kevin. If he knew, he wouldn't have said anything. He just didn't know who the girl was.
	After the manager left, Hannah poked her head out of Kevin's coat. She was nearly scared to death by the manager.
	She looked at Kevin gratefully. Fortunately, he covered her face. Otherwise, she would be so ashamed.
	However, she did not dare to stay here any longer. She pushed Kevin away and hurriedly left.
	Kevin licked his lips and smiled happily. It seemed that she did not reject him that much.
	Kevin took out the necklace from his pocket. He always felt that it was very familiar. Where had he seen this necklace before?
	He quickly recalled all the people he knew in his mind. But he did not remember who wore this necklace. It was an ordinary necklace that had faded slightly, but Hannah treasured it so much. Kevin felt jealous of that man.
	Anyway, Hannah didn't seem to know where Amy was, so he had to try new means. Where did Amy go? Could it be that she had gone abroad?
	Thinking of this, Kevin called his friend and asked him to check if anyone named Amy Miller had bought a plane ticket recently.
	After leaving HD Group, Kevin got on the bus. He wanted to go to Bellamy's beauty salon. Last time, an accident happened there but there was still no result. Although these rich ladies didn't say anything, they definitely had some complaints in their hearts.
	He drove to Bellamy's beauty salon very quickly. And Bellamy was already waiting for him in the office.
	"Kevin, help me find what went wrong." Bellamy saw Kevin arrive and he finally felt relieved.
	As Bellamy's brother, Kevin was going to help Bellamy find out the truth.
Chapter 111 The Truth in the Beauty Salon
	Bellamy showed Kevin the surveillance video on that day. The two brothers shared quite little in common. Although both of them were good-looking, one of them looked like their mother and the other looked like their father. One was impatient and the other was calm.
	Kevin was calmer and smart, so every time something happened to Bellamy, he immediately turned to his elder brother for help.
	After watching the surveillance video, Kevin didn't find anything wrong.
	However, there was indeed something wrong with the mask. Kevin played the video where two beauticians made the mask and the part where Amy got a facial several times.
	Everything seemed good. The two beauticians followed the rules strictly and there was no problem at all.
	Then the only possibility was someone did something to the mask outside the mask room.
	After Amy finished her facial, her beautician was about to apply a mask on her face, but she got up and said something to the beautician. Then, she went to the bathroom.
	Afterwards, her beautician gave her mask to Allison.
	From beginning to end, Amy had never touched her mask.
	Before that, Allison greeted Amy and Bellamy. She stood beside the mask for a while and said something to Bellamy.
	"Bellamy, what did she say to you?" Kevin asked his younger brother.
	"Nothing important. Just a casual conversation. I forgot what we said." Bellamy had no good impression of Allison.
	"You guys went out to talk later. What did you say?"
	"She said that she had something to ask me. I felt that it was not proper to talk about it in front of the customers, so I asked her go out with me." Bellamy recalled.
	They looked at the video several times, but they did not find anything wrong.
	At this time, someone was knocking on the office door. Mandy, Allison's beautician, was standing at the door.
	"What's wrong?" Bellamy asked Mandy.
	Because of Allison, Mandy was suspended. She could only do some cleaning now. When the truth came out, Bellamy would decide whether Mandy and Jane could still be beauticians.
	"Yes, I have something to tell Mr. Smith." Mandy was timid. She thought that Bellamy was the only one in the office, but in fact, there was another handsome man. She was a little nervous as she stayed in the room with two men now.
	"Go ahead," Bellamy told Kevin that she was one of the beauticians involved.
	"Mr. Smith, I..." Mandy was very nervous.
	"It's fine. I'm his brother. You're Allison's beautician that day, right?" Kevin's attitude was much better.
	"Yes, yes." Mandy nodded.
	"Then tell me, do you remember something?" Kevin poured a glass of water for Mandy.
	Mandy took the water and looked at Kevin gratefully. Kevin was handsome and had a good temper.
	"It's like this. I found this while I was cleaning the beauty bed after what happened that day. I didn't know what it was, so I kept it. I thought it belonged to Miss Field, but she didn't come to get it. Then I saw its name and searched online. It turned out..." Mandy didn't dare to say anything.
	It was a medicine with two pills. One was gone, and the other was still there.
	As Kevin looked at the name of the medicine and searched online, his face darkened.
	"Are you sure it belonged to Miss Field?" Kevin asked Mandy.
	"I'm not sure, but I found it on the ground after Miss Field left. After what happened that day, no one else came there, so I thought it was Miss Field's." Mandy hurriedly said.
	"Alright, you may go now. I'll let you know when we have more information." Kevin let Mandy go out.
	He held the medicine in his hand and said to Bellamy, "We found the problem. This medicine is good for leg injuries, but its powder causes skin allergy."
	There was no injury on Allison's leg. Moreover, it seemed that none of the people who came to the VIP beauty salon that day had any problems with their legs.
	"This medicine is very expensive. A beautician like Mandy can't afford it. This medicine is imported and you can't buy it here. To conclude, it must belong to some VIP." Kevin said to Bellamy.
	"Whenever a customer leaves, we will change the sheets. So it's impossible that some other customers had left it." Bellamy was a little excited.
	"I see. Play the video where Allison stood beside the mask again. Slow down!" Kevin asked Bellamy to play the video again.
	Slowly, they discovered that while Allison was talking to Bellamy, her hand was behind her back, and the mask was right behind her. However, because Allison had blocked the camera, there was no direct evidence that she had put the medicine in the mask.
	"This bitch!" Bellamy hit the table. Although the video could not be used as direct evidence, anyone could tell that Allison did it. She wanted to hurt Amy, but she did not expect that Amy did not want to put on the mask and it backfired in the end.
	"Fortunately, she didn't harm anyone else. She deserved it. Let's stop it here. Mandy did nothing wrong. But we should make sure that she keeps her mouth shut and doesn't tell anyone about it. Bellamy, just tell your customers that you don't know Allison is allergic to whitening products. That's how that happened." Kevin already knew the whole story. If Richard knew the woman he had liked for so many years was actually a scheming bitch, Kevin didn't know what Richard would do.
	However, Kevin had made up his mind that he would not tell Richard about this news for the time being.
	After leaving Bellamy's beauty salon, Kevin stretched himself lazily. He was used to goofing around all day. Suddenly he had something to do, so he felt that it was very interesting. Then he saw someone!
	When Kevin saw the person in front of him, he hurriedly stopped his car and followed up into a supermarket. That person bought some food and other things.
	Kevin followed that person all the way out of the supermarket, and then that person got on a bus.
	Kevin also got on the bus. But the bus driver was upset.
Chapter 112 Finally Found Amy
	Kevin followed that person and got on the bus. Just as Kevin was about to get closer, the bus driver said, "Hey, the one in the suit, pay!"
	Kevin had never taken a bus before, so he was dumbfounded upon hearing it.
	"Two dollars. Put it in that box. Hurry up! If you don't have it, get off," the bus driver said curtly. He couldn't believe such a well-dressed man wanted to steal a ride.
	Kevin reached into his pocket and took out his wallet. However, there was no cash other than cards.
	"Can I pay with my card?" Kevin asked the driver.
	"No! Get off!" the driver said seriously.
	There was nothing Kevin could do about it. So he was kicked out of the bus just because he didn't have any cash.
	Kevin got off the bus and hurriedly called Richard. "Richard, I have some good news for you. I saw Amy's father just now. He came to Ocean Supermarket to buy something."
	"Then follow him and see where he is going." Richard stood up excited.
	"I can't. I've lost him," Kevin said helplessly. He didn't want this to happen, either.
	"What? How could you lose him?" Richard's voice grew louder. Although Kevin looked like a playboy, he once served as a scout in the army.
	"Well, I'll tell you the details in your office later. There are too many people here." Kevin was a little embarrassed to say that he had lost the man. Indeed, this was a disgrace to a former scout.
	"Alright." Richard sighed. How could this happen? Did Amy's father find Kevin?
	Soon Kevin arrived at Richard's office. The moment he got in, he was stopped by Richard.
	"What happened? Tell me."
	"I followed Mr. Miller all through his shopping, until he got on a bus!" Kevin pushed Richard's hand away.
	"Then why didn't you follow him?" Richard didn't feel anything strange about the bus.
	"Because I didn't have cash and the driver drove me off, so I lost him. By the time I drove over, the bus had left." Kevin shrugged.
	"Looks like I have to take some change with me when I go out." Kevin heaved a sigh. In the past, he had never been in a situation where cash was so useful.
	"Forget it. It's good to know she's still in R City." Richard had thought that Amy hid far away, and the news that she was staying somewhere near him came as a surprise. The supermarket that Kevin had mentioned wasn't far away from him.
	*****
	After Amy handed in her translation, Erin gave her another stack of documents and told her to hurry up. This time, she only got three days to finish it.
	Amy looked at it and thought that she would make it, so she agreed.
	After leaving the company with the stack, she felt a little thirsty and bought a bottle of water. The bus came right after she finished buying it. She dashed over.
	There were very few people on the bus, and she sat down beside an empty seat.
	Then she drank some water while appreciating the scenery through the window.
	Someone took the seat beside her. Amy did not bother to look. Anyway, people just kept getting on and off, so she was not interested in knowing what this person looked like.
	But the person seemed a little abnormal. He reached out and snatched the water from Amy's hand and opened the bottle for a drink.
	Amy was shocked. She turned her head and saw that pair of familiar eyes fixed on her. He already finished half of the water.
	"You, why are you here?" Amy looked around and found that all other passengers were sitting or standing in front or behind. No one came near them, as if they had some highly contagious disease.
	"I'm supposed to be here. Amy, it was really difficult to find you!" With the bottle in his hand, Richard stared at her, sending a chill down her spine.
	Richard raised his hand and Amy closed her eyes. She thought he was going to hit her.
	Richard was both annoyed and amused to see her like that. He wondered if he was an unbearable man who would hit a woman in her eyes.
	He stretched out his hand and smoothed the messy hair on Amy's forehead.
	"Let's go home," Richard said softly.
	Amy opened her eyes and looked at Richard strangely.
	"Let's get off. I'll explain it to you." Seeing that the bus stopped, Richard dragged Amy off the bus.
	"Richard, I don't want to hear your explanation. Whatever you do has nothing to do with me. I enjoy my life now. If you want to divorce, just let me know." Amy shook off Richard's hand.
	Her tender skin went red from Richard's grip.
	"Divorce? Amy, you're absurd. Why will I divorce you?" Seeing that Amy didn't follow him, Richard lifted her onto his shoulder.
	"Let go of me! Richard, you bastard." Amy kept shouting, attracting the attention of everyone on the street.
	Richard ignored her shouts and carried her to the roadside. His car arrived. He stuffed Amy into the car and locked the car door. The driver drove them back to the villa.
	In the car, Amy gave up struggling. She couldn't run away on the road just now and the car just made her escape more difficult.
	Amy's silence angered Richard. He put down the partition in the back seat. Just as Amy was about to ask him what he was up to, he kissed her on the lips.
	These longings piled up in the last few months all turned into a kiss. Richard got insatiable and aggressive, pressing her down on the seat and melting her.
	Kissing wasn't enough. Richard's hand found its way under Amy's clothes and went for sensitive parts of her body, making her tremble for a while.
	However, both of her hands were held by him, so Amy couldn't resist at all.
	Amy sensed his erection, afraid that he would ask for sex in the car.
	She felt very ashamed and tears flowed down her cheeks.
	Richard felt her tears and shifted his lips from her lips to her wet cheeks.
	"Amy, don't leave me, okay? Don't leave me," he whispered in her ear.
	The driver had made several detours and didn't know when he could stop. He couldn't make a decision without Richard's approval.
	"Richard, let me go," Amy said to Richard with tears in her eyes.
Chapter 113 Coming Home
	Amy spoke to Richard with tears in her eyes. She told him to let go of her. She no longer wanted to live that kind of life.
	"Amy, have you never liked me?" Richard looked at her sad face and asked her.
	"But does this matter? I can't stand it anymore. We belong to two different worlds. Why do we have to stay together?" Amy cried.
	"How could you say that? If that were true, we wouldn't have gotten married. In the vast sea of people, I chose you. This fully showed that we were meant to be together. Silly girl, I can't live without you." Richard tapped on Amy's nose and took her in his arms.
	Amy was surprised to hear that. It turned out her words had fallen on deaf ears.
	"To the villa," Richard said to the driver, and the driver sped up towards the villa at once.
	"Get out of the car, my dear. If you don't, I don't mind carrying you inside the house." Richard opened the car door and leaned close to Amy.
	"I'll get out myself." Amy knew that Richard meant it, so she immediately got out of the car.
	Looking at the villa that she had lived in for several months, Amy was filled with complicated emotions.
	She didn't want to come back here at all. There were too many painful memories here.
	But she didn't have a choice. She couldn't help but sigh.
	"Mrs. Carter, you're back. This is great. You're finally back." Seeing Amy, Robin grinned like a happy child.
	He had been worried that once Amy left, Allison would move in as Richard's girlfriend. Fortunately, Richard didn't make that mistake.
	"Robin, how have you been?" Amy greeted Robin.
	"Not good. Mrs. Carter, you left without saying anything. I was scolded many times by Mr. Carter." Robin wanted to enhance the relationship between the young couple.
	"I'm really sorry." Amy was a little embarrassed. When she left, she thought that Richard would divorce her very soon. She didn't expect to come back in such a way.
	Holding Amy's hand, Richard took her inside the house and upstairs. Amy did not want to go upstairs with him, but she couldn't embarrass him in front of so many servants.
	When the door was closed, Amy's heart tightened. However, Richard did not do anything. He only pulled her into his embrace.
	"Amy, let me explain it to you." Richard didn't like to explain, but he had to today. Otherwise, the misunderstanding would only separate them.
	"The first thing is about the baby. That baby did have congenital defects. When the doctor told me that, I was afraid that you couldn’t take it, so I decided to wait until night. But that night, you wanted to go to bed early, so I didn't have time to tell you. Later, the miscarriage happened." Richard kissed Amy's hair and explained softly to her.
	Amy did not say anything. Even if that was true, why did he leave for France with Allison when she had just miscarried?
	"You also blamed me for not being by your side after the miscarriage. This is what happened. Allison had hurt her leg when she was young in order to save me. The other day, a tumor was found in her leg. The doctor said that she needed to have an operation immediately. If she waited, her condition might worsen, but she was afraid and wanted to wait for a while longer. Her leg was injured because of me. If it was amputated, it would burden me more, so I took her to have the surgery done." At this moment, Richard felt that explaining to someone was also a very beautiful thing.
	Being misunderstood by his beloved one, though, was terrible.
	Amy was relieved. It turned out that this was the case. The proud Richard was willing to explain to her calmly. This was enough to prove that he loved her.
	"Amy, do you believe me?" Richard lowered his head and looked at Amy.
	"I do." Amy nodded. Since he was willing to explain, what he said must be the truth. If he didn't want to explain, he wouldn't have found her and taken her back.
	"Don't leave me again without saying anything. I can't bear it here." Richard placed Amy's hand on his heart.
	"Okay." Amy nodded. All in her mind was Richard in the past few months. She had missed him as much as he did her. To forget him, she had buried herself in work.
	Seeing that Amy had forgiven him, Richard wanted to be more intimate with her. He cupped her face and slowly approached her lips.
	"Amy, I...." The door was pushed open with a bang. Startled, Amy quickly pushed Richard away.
	Cathy's hand froze in midair. What did she do? She had ruined Amy and Richard's romantic moment, but this was what she wanted. Her son worried her too much.
	Cathy put her hand down and walked over to pull Amy closer, observing her carefully.
	"Mom," Amy and Richard called her in unison.
	"Amy, let me look at you. You've become so thin." Cathy really cared about Amy.
	"What can I say about you young people? You didn't tell me about the pregnancy, and you kept the miscarriage from me as well. What am I to you?" This was directed to Richard. To Cathy, whatever was wrong was her son's fault.
	"Mom, the baby had congenital defects," Richard explained to his mother. He also wanted a child. When he found out that Amy was pregnant with his child, he was extremely happy. Later, he found out that the child had congenital defects, and he was also in pain.
	"Defects? So you can hide it from me? Amy is your wife. You should take care of her. If you hurt her and she leaves you, it will be too late to regret it." Cathy rolled her eyes at her son.
	Her expression made Amy and Richard have the illusion that she was Amy's birth mother or Richard's stepmother.
	Seeing that Amy was fine, Cathy was relieved. When she passed by, she heard from Robin that Amy was back. She hurried upstairs to see her. She did not expect to ruin the romantic moment of the couple.
	Now that she had seen Amy and scolded Richard, Cathy felt that it was time for her to leave.
	"Alright. Since Amy is fine, I'm relieved. I still have to go to Bellamy's place for a spa. You guys should discuss whether to move back or not. Your grandfather is also worried about you!" Cathy rolled her eyes at Richard again before leaving.
Chapter 114 Making Up
	"Mom, Amy went home with Richard. How could that bitch still believe him? Isn't she supposed to hate him?" Allison said to Tracy as she lay on the sofa, eating some fruit.
	"How can I know that the bitch just forgave Richard so easily? But don't worry. I will think of another way for you. Richard is yours, and no one else can get him," Tracy promised as she helped Allison peel fruit. She was making a new plan.
	"But now since they are together, what should I do? I get angry whenever I see them together." Allison fiercely stuffed the fruit into her mouth.
	She chewed it as hard as she could, as if she were biting Amy.
	"Allison, you should act generous at this moment. Bless them. You should stop going again Amy now. You have many more opportunities in the future. But your priority is to make Richard believe that you are a gentle and virtuous woman. Wait for the right time patiently and then we shall carry out our plan again," Tracy told Allison.
	Allison thought for a moment and realized that she had no other choice but to follow her mother’s advice.
	*****
	"Amy, why aren't you sleeping?" Richard asked when he saw she was still reading something under the lamp.
	Hearing his voice, she hurriedly covered the documents in her hands.
	"Richard, you're back. Are you tired? I'll go run a bath for you." Amy put away the materials. At present, she did not want him to know that she had found a job as a translator.
	"No need. I'll do it myself. Amy, you've been resting for so long. Why don't you go back to work tomorrow?" Richard felt a sense of loss when he couldn't see her in the company.
	"Alright." Amy agreed. She also wanted to be with Richard. She could do the translation at night.
	Hearing that she agreed to it, Richard happily whistled.
	As Richard entered the bathroom, Amy hid the materials quickly. She had almost finished all the translation work and she could go and hand in the translation the day after tomorrow.
	After the bath, Richard came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped around his waist. His muscular body looked especially sexy under the light.
	Amy glanced at him and could no longer retract her gaze. She involuntarily swallowed.
	Richard walked to her and took her in his arms.
	"Amy, you're wonderful." Richard kissed Amy's hair. He liked to smell her fragrance.
	Amy wrapped his waist with her hands and pressed her face against his chest.
	"Richard." Her soft voice was fascinating. He could no longer resist the temptation and carried her up and walked towards the bed.
	*****
	"Amy, you've finally come back to work. We missed you." Hannah and Hilary stood at the door of the President Office early in the morning, welcoming Amy.
	Amy came to work in Richard's car today. He said that the bus was too crowded and uncomfortable, so he gave her a lift.
	"I missed you too." Amy was joyful. The unhappy days had passed, and she wanted to live a new life.
	"Let's go eat crayfish tonight. Just the three of us, no one else. Otherwise, we can’t talk freely." Hannah's point was obvious; she did not want Richard to join them.
	"Alright, I'll tell him I'm going out to celebrate tonight," Amy agreed immediately.
	The three of them talked for a while, and the employees arrived one after another. Rubi had been notified that Amy, the wife of the president, was coming to work today, so she had come to work early.
	"Amy, I haven't seen you in a few months. You're getting prettier. By the way, the president has arranged another place for you to work. Follow me." Rubi had always been nice to Amy. Now that she knew that Amy was the wife of the president, she became even more cautious around Amy.
	"Where is my new place?" Amy looked at Rubi.
	"Beside the president. He said it would be convenient." Rubi didn't know what Richard meant. Anyway, she just needed to do as told.
	Amy blushed when she heard that. She followed Rubi to the president's office on the 30th floor.
	Her desk had been put in place. As before, it was on Richard's right. There were only two desks in the entire office.
	Rubi led Amy here and gave her some instructions before she left.
	"Sit down. Everything is ready. You can start work directly," Richard said to Amy.
	"Won't Allison work here anymore?" Allison's desk was gone. So was everything else that belonged to her, as if she had never been there before.
	"Why do you care? You want someone between us?" Richard put down the pen in his hand and looked at Amy. As long as she was by his side, nothing else mattered.
	"Of course not. I'm just asking." Amy snickered. She felt that Richard and she were just like an old couple.
	Sitting behind her desk, Amy noticed that there was a pot of flowers on her desk.
	Touching the petals of the flowers, Amy was very happy.
	"Do you like it?" Richard's gaze was on her all the time.
	"I do." She loved plants the most.
	Hearing that Amy liked it, he was also very happy. Yesterday, he had personally chosen it at the flower market. The florist said that it was easy to nurture, had a long flowering period, and was especially fragrant. All of these merits met Richard's standards.
	"If you're hungry, there's food in the drawer. By the way, make me a cup of coffee please." Richard had been waiting for Amy to finish talking with Hannah and Hilary so she could come up to make coffee for him. The coffee made by his wife was the most delicious.
	This was what Richard thought, but the result was not what he expected.
	Amy took a cup and went to the tea room to make coffee for Richard. In a particularly good mood, she didn't even notice that she had gotten a cup of cold water.
	On her way back to the president's office, Amy wondered why the hot water wasn't steamy today. It never occurred to her that what she got was cold water.
	After placing the coffee on Richard's desk, she went back to her desk. Her task was to read some insignificant documents.
	Richard happily picked up the cup of coffee and took a sip. Then he looked at Amy with a strange expression.
	Amy felt that he was looking at her. So she looked back since his expression puzzled her.
	"What's wrong? Is it bad?" she asked Richard.
	"No, it's delicious. I love it." With that, he drank up the cup of cold coffee.
Chapter 115 Allison Failed Again
	Richard had run to the bathroom many times today. He was exhausted. He was very strong, but he still suffered from diarrhea.
	Amy looked at Richard and didn't know what to do. So, she decided to buy some medicine for him. She went out at once since her heart was almost broken for Richard’s suffering.
	When Allison sent the documents, she happened to see Amy going out. Allison was so delighted that she immediately went upstairs with some desserts that Richard loved.
	Allison opened the door, but there was no one in the office. It was so strange. She did not see Richard going out.
	Allison stood in the office for a while and heard the bathroom door opened. Then Richard walked out.
	"Allison?" Richard asked in surprise as he was pretending to be weak and pathetic to get Amy’s attention. But how came he saw Allison when he walked out?
	"Richard, I bought you your favorite desserts." Allison smiled at Richard.
	"Allison, we've talked about this. Have you forgotten?" Richard was unhappy to see Allison here.
	Allison was holding Richard's arm. Hearing this, she froze. The next second, Richard took her hand off his arm.
	"No, Richard. I just saw your favorite cake and bought it for you." Allison lowered her head and said in a sad voice.
	"Alright, put down the cake. And don't do this again." Richard turned his face away.
	He didn't want to mess with Allison anymore. He had almost lost Amy and this pain nearly killed him. Fortunately, Amy was a kind girl and forgave him. But he couldn’t take any risk now.
	"I see." Allison hated Amy even more. But she could only pretend to be gentle and generous in front of Richard.
	Allison slowly walked towards the door. However, she saw Amy coming back, and Amy was about to open the door. But Richard, who turned his face away, did not notice this.
	“Ouch!” Allison pretended to stagger and threw herself at Richard. Richard caught her quickly, though he was unaware what was going on.
	Amy happened to see that Richard was hugging Allison tightly as she opened the door with the medicine.
	"You?" Amy walked in and stared at Allison with her eyes wide open.
	"Amy, nothing happened between us. Please don't blame Richard." Allison immediately explained, but actually she only wanted to make Amy feel suspicious.
	"I won't. If there's nothing else, you can go out now. Mr. Carter is not feeling well today. He needs to take medicine." Amy put the medicine on Richard's desk and went to get some water for him.
	"You're so nice. I really don't want you to misunderstand us," Allison said and limped away.
	To make it look real, Allison did sprain her foot just now.
	Amy walked Allison to the door. She turned around and smiled at Amy. "Amy, you don't have to walk me out. Take good care of Richard."
	"Oh, no, I'm not walking you out. I just wanted to close the door. We don't want others to come in again." Amy also smiled at Allison.
	Allison's face changed. But she couldn't say anything, so she only nodded and went out.
	Amy slammed the glass door and even locked it.
	Allison smiled. She knew her foot didn’t get hurt in vain. As long as they had a fight, she would have a chance to get Richard back. Right now he was only temporarily tempted by Amy. Allison had confidence that Richard would come back to her in the end.
	Hearing Amy closing the door, Richard felt his stomach aching and rushed into the bathroom again.
	Amy stood at the door. She was waiting for Richard to come out, so that he could take the medicine she bought for him.
	"Amy, it's not what it looks like," Richard said in the bathroom. He was afraid that Amy would misunderstand him again.
	"I didn't see anything. Hurry up and take the medicine." Amy's face was dark. When she went to get him some water just now, she finally remembered that she made coffee with cold water in the morning.
	"Alright, that's good," Richard replied. He came out soon. He suffered a lot today.
	"Here, take two pills." Amy put the pills in his hand and fed Richard with it.
	"Amy, you're so sweet." Richard tried to flatter Amy.
	Since Richard looked exhausted, Amy helped him to the sofa, letting him lie down and rest for a while.
	"Tell me everything," Amy said with a stern face.
	"I didn't do anything. I..." Richard was never good at explaining. He had tried his best to explain it to Amy, but he was afraid that Amy would get angry.
	"Not this. I made you cold coffee this morning. Why didn't you tell me? Are you stupid?" Amy patted Richard's face gently to punish him.
	"Well... I just didn't want you to feel guilty. I thought I would be fine. But I didn't know that I would suffer diarrhea."
	"Are you feeling better now? Oh, you are so stupid. I don't even want to talk to you." Amy pretended to leave.
	Richard immediately pulled her into his arms.
	"It won't happen again. Honey, don't be mad." Richard pulled Amy's hand and left a kiss.
	That medicine really worked. After a while, Richard stopped running to the bathroom.
	"Amy, could you read the remaining documents and summarize them for me? I'm too tired to read them now." Although Richard got better, he was still very tired now.
	"But I don't understand these." Amy had never had access to the company’s secrets.
	"You can try to learn it. Please share the burden with me. You don't want me be too tired, right?" Richard was being all pouty.
	He looked at Amy and acted pouty with his big eyes, just like a child.
	"Alright, alright. Let me take a look. I can read it." Amy was still not very confident. She thought that she could only read it to Richard.
	Fearing business documents would be complicated, Amy chickened out.
	However, she had a look and found that it was not that difficult.
	"What do you think we should do with this?" After Amy finished reading that document, Richard asked her on the sofa.
Chapter 116 Mutual Love
	Richard enjoyed Amy's sweet and soft voice when she read the documents, as if he were eating a sweet candy.
	"What do you think?" Richard asked Amy as he lay on the sofa comfortably.
	"Me?" Amy couldn't believe it. She had never dealt with these affairs before. Why Richard would ask for her opinion?
	"You locked the door yourself. There are only you and me in the office. Who else could I be speaking to?" Richard looked innocent.
	Yeah, Amy locked the door to show Allison her anger. But now she had forgotten about it.
	"But I've never dealt with these. I don't understand it at all." Although Amy found that it was not that difficult, she was afraid that she would say something wrong.
	"That's why I asked you. I want to know what an amateur will do about this." Richard smiled at Amy.
	Damn. Richard was so handsome when he smiled. He must be seducing Amy.
	"Alright, I'll give it a try." Since Amy was also interested in doing business, after reading the document, she had come up with a plan. But she didn't know if it could work.
	Amy took the document, analyzed it in detail to Richard, and told him her opinion.
	Richard was lying comfortably. But he slowly sat up as he listened to Amy's opinion.
	A woman who had never dealt with these could come up with such a great plan? They were even on the same page.
	After Amy finished speaking, she found that Richard was staring at her as if he had found a treasure.
	"Did I say something wrong? I told you that I didn't understand it. I'm just talking nonsense. Never mind it." Looking at Richard's expression, Amy thought that she was wrong and immediately backed down.
	But Richard grabbed her hand with excitement.
	"You're a genius. I love you so much. You've never dealt with business, but your analysis is not inferior to that of a sophisticated businessman! You're amazing!" Richard praised Amy wholeheartedly.
	Amy blushed. Her simple plan could be compared to that of a sophisticated businessman?
	Richard asked Amy to read another document and tell him her opinion.
	Those plans just popped in Amy's mind after she read the documents. And Richard thought each one was very impressing.
	"Amy, are you sure you've never dealt with these before?" Richard couldn't believe it.
	"Yeah. I hadn't graduated when my father went bankrupt. And I studied translation which has nothing to do with business." Amy also felt it strange. Did she get this talent from her father Stephen?
	"I think I might get it from my father," Amy told Richard what she thought.
	However, Richard did not think so. If Stephen had such talents, he wouldn’t have gone bankrupt. Stephen was inferior to Amy when it came to business.
	However, Stephen was his father-in-law. Richard did not dare to say that.
	"Maybe. I won't be so tired in the future. Amy, I want you to work for me as my assistant. You must help me," Richard said seriously.
	However, Amy didn't want to accept it. She was doing translation. If she came back to work here, she wouldn't have time to do translation.
	"I don't know, Richard. Perhaps it's just a coincidence. I should just only read these documents." Amy wanted to help Richard deal with some work, but they were all top secrets of the HD Group. Amy thought that she should not know too much about it.
	"I'll be exhausted! You don't care about me at all. Are you still mad at me? It was all my fault. I will make up for you. I promise." Richard didn't like saying sweet words, but now he did for Amy.
	"Alright, alright. I'll try. But you have to make the final decision. After all, I don't have any experience." Amy thought that Richard was funny when he acted pouty.
	After work, they held hands and walked out of the office. When they got off the elevator, Richard and Amy met a lot of employees, who greeted them. The employees all knew that they were married.
	Allison was smiling among those employees. She was smiling even more broadly when Richard and Amy walked closer to her.
	"Richard, Amy, you're so sweet together." Allison looked at them. It seemed that they did not quarrel, so what she had done was in vain?
	"Yeah," Amy replied. Richard did not say anything. He stared at Amy and did not even look at Allison.
	Everyone in R City used to say that Richard, the heir of the HD Group, only loved Allison. But now no one could be certain about that. They just wondered why everything changed when Allison came back.
	Allison felt heartache that men were so changeable. But the next second, she cheered herself up. She was confident that she could change him and make him fall in love with her again.
	When Amy and Richard walked to the door, Hannah and Hilary were waiting there for Amy. Amy had been busy all day and almost forgot about them.
	"Richard, although you're much better, I've told Robin to prepare some light food for you. You can't eat outside today while I have promised to celebrate with Hilary and Hannah. You can go back yourself now." Amy told Richard to go back on his own.
	Richard glared at Hilary, but Hilary didn't care about it at all. Now that she was Amy's friend, Richard couldn't do anything to her.
	Seeing that Hilary ignored him, Richard had to let them go. After all, he felt exhausted since he had been running to the bathroom all day. He only told Amy to be safe before leaving.
	"Amy, look at your husband. How did you make him so obedient?" Hannah joked.
	"Yeah. He didn't even listen to Allison in the past. Oh, what did I just say? I'm going to buy three ice creams." Hilary was flustered. After blurting out, she realized that she shouldn't mention Allison again. So, she ran away to buy ice cream.
	"Hilary, it's fine. I'm very confident in myself." Amy looked Hilary's back and said.
	Amy was confident in Richard as well. They loved each other, and they should trust each other and stay together.
	If their love died, Amy would leave Richard no matter how painful she was. She had missed Andy and she didn’t regret. She had got over Matt after he cheated on her. Now Richard said that he loved her. And she also loved him. So they should have faith in their love and live happily, right?
Chapter 117 An Encounter with Dexter
	When Richard returned home, Robin had prepared some delicious dishes for him, but everything seemed tasteless for Richard.
	Richard's stomach was not empty now, but he felt that his heart was empty and something was missing.
	"Mr. Carter, do you want more food?" Robin had stared at Richard for a long time. Richard's plate was empty, but he was scooping the air into his mouth, as if the food were too delicious.
	"I'm full. Please take them away." Richard finally found that his plate was completely empty now.
	After dinner, Richard sat on the sofa and watched TV. He didn't know what was on TV, and he kept seeing Amy's face on the TV screen.
	Watching TV didn't work for him. He stood up and went wandering into the garden, but soon he felt bored, too.
	What happened to him? He never had this experience.
	"Kevin, are you free? Let's go and have a drink." Feeling uneasy at home, Richard invited Kevin out for a drink.
	"Okay. The same place. I'll be right there." Kevin felt very bored at home, so they went to the bar.
	"Richard, have you explained everything to Amy? Did she forgive you?" Last time, Richard left in such a hurry that he said nothing to Kevin.
	Later on, Richard made it clear to Kevin, and Kevin was still worried about him. Richard had been away for two months, and it would be absurd if Amy wasn't angry.
	"I had explained it to her. She has forgiven me." Richard was quite happy. His Amy was really a good girl. He had prepared a lot of statements and witnesses, but she believed in him before he mentioned them. He was very touched. Amy's trust was so precious.
	"Forgiven you? Since you left with Allison to have her leg operation, now you must keep your deal with Allison. Amy is such a good yet stubborn girl. You can’t let her down." Kevin started to know Amy well.
	"I won’t let her down. I've made it clear to Allison before she had the operation that I did that only because I wanted to repay what I owed her. After the operation, I have nothing to do with her." Richard left Amy when she needed him the most only to repay his debt.
	Richard didn't expect that this was a trap set by Allison.
	When Kevin heard Richard's words, he said nothing. Richard was a man of his word. Since he had made it clear to Allison, he would keep his promise.
	They drank a few more glasses of alcohol and felt very bored.
	"Why don't we go and find them? It's not safe for three girls to eat out." Richard couldn't wait to see Amy.
	"I'm also worried. Let's go." Kevin echoed. After Kevin heard that Amy, Hilary and Hannah went to celebrate, he had been thinking about coming to them.
	Since they found the best excuse, they put down their glasses and went to find Amy and the others.
	*****
	"Amy, why did you forgive Richard so easily? He had asked me to help him explain but you guys made up so soon." Hilary was eating the crayfish and was very curious.
	"Actually, I had asked for my information in the hospital. The doctor told me that the baby was indeed defective and showed me the pictures." Amy said. Today, they were drinking juice.
	"Richard said that he went to France with Allison for surgery just to pay off what he owed her. After that, he has nothing to do with Allison anymore. I believe in him, and he indeed hasn't contacted Allison since he came back. Though Allison called him and texted him, he didn't reply." Actually there was still another reason, but Amy couldn't say that yet.
	"It seems that Richard is determined to say goodbye to the past and start a new life with you." Hannah felt this might be a good ending for them. She raised her glass, as if she were drinking alcohol.
	"Yes, Richard is a man of his word. Since he has promised to say goodbye to Allison, he will keep his promise. Cheers." The three women continued drinking.
	"But why is Allison still in the HD Group? She only moved from Richard's office to the secretariat. According to her personality, she definitely will get back at you." Hilary knew Allison quite well. She was a little worried about Richard.
	Allison was around Richard every day. Hilary was afraid that Allison would make trouble one day, causing misunderstandings between Richard and Amy.
	"Maybe Richard feels embarrassed to fire her. The Field family is respected in R City. If Allison doesn't resign herself, it won't be easy for Richard to fire her. Richard is embarrassed to do so, but we are not. Let's exclude Allison from the HD Group!" When Hannah finished speaking, she also finished shelling the crayfish. She put the crayfish into her mouth and chewed it hard.
	"That's right, Hannah. You're so smart. Richard feels embarrassed, but we can do it for him." Hilary felt thrilled only at the thought of kicking Allison out.
	Amy did not stop Hannah and Hilary. She felt uncomfortable about Allison's existence in the HD Group. If Allison could leave herself, conflicts with the Field family could also be avoided.
	The three of them were having a good time eating. At this time, a handsome young man came over.
	"Amy." Dexter did not expect to meet Amy at a roadside stall.
	"Dexter?" Amy looked at Dexter. Today, Dexter was in casual clothes and wore a casual hairstyle. Even so, he was very charming.
	"Amy, you guys also like the crayfish here? I also love this place." Dexter sat down beside Amy.
	"Your friends are so pretty. Amy, could you introduce them to me?" Dexter was very likeable. Since they were with Amy, they must be Amy's good friends. He always respected Amy's friends.
	"This is Hilary. This is Hannah. Hilary, Hannah, this is Dexter, a friend of mine." After Mr. Jones' reception, Amy hadn't seen Dexter for a long time.
	Both Amy and Dexter had outstanding appearances, so they couldn't forget each other easily.
	"Dexter, you are so handsome. Why are people around Amy all so good-looking?" Hannah looked at Dexter. Dexter was probably only eighteen or nineteen years old, and still had a boyish look.
	"You just wanna compliment yourself, don't you?" Everyone laughed when they heard Amy's words.
Chapter 118 Faking Illness
	Hearing Dexter politely greeted them, Hilary and Hannah happily placed the shelled crawfish on his plate.
	Dexter smiled at them. His smile was like sunshine, warming everyone's heart.
	"Amy, how could this little boy be so handsome? I can't imagine how crazy girls will be for him when he grows up!" Hilary and Hannah liked Dexter very much.
	The four of them were chatting happily there. Being surrounded by three friendly girls older than him, Dexter, a natural socializer, began to talk more.
	"Look, they didn't go out with us, but with a young boy." Kevin pointed at Dexter and said sarcastically.
	‘That guy is indeed good-looking. No wonder these girls are all attracted by him.’ Richard felt uncomfortable and thought to himself. When he saw the three of them shelled the crayfish for Dexter, he felt so jealous. ‘He couldn't do it himself?’
	The two men didn't like Dexter at all and they walked towards them.
	The four of them stopped chatting as they noticed that someone was getting closer, bringing with him a cold vibe.
	"Richard? Why are you here?" Amy turned around and saw Richard, who was wearing a strange expression.
	"We just passed by and saw you guys eating here, so we came over to join you," Kevin explained.
	The four of them were confused. The restaurant was away from the main road! How could they call their visit "passing-by?"
	Kevin said to the restaurant boss, "Sir, we need two more chairs."
	"Then I'm gonna leave now. Bye." Dexter didn’t want to stay any longer since he found that the two men were unfriendly.
	"So soon? OK. Bye." The reluctant expressions on these girls' faces made Richard and Kevin more upset.
	Richard and Kevin didn't feel welcomed. None of these girls seemed happy about their coming, but they were reluctant to see Dexter's leaving.
	Richard coughed, attempting to attract their attention.
	It worked. These girls all looked at him with a concerned expression. Amy knew that he had suffered diarrhea for a day because of that cold coffee she made. But she wondered why he would come out at this moment.
	"Richard, aren't you sick? Why don't you stay at home?" Amy raised her hand and touched his forehead.
	Richard's forehead indeed turned a little bit warmer because of his anger.
	"You have a fever. Let me send you back." Amy was a little nervous.
	"It's fine. I feel better when I see you guys. Just go on eating." Richard immediately acted as if he were an easy-going person.
	They almost finished this meal, and now with Richard looking at them eating, no one wanted to continue.
	"Just call it a day. I'll send Richard back. Kevin, please send my friends back," Amy said as she supported Richard. It seemed that he could barely stand.
	Kevin felt that Richard was strong and had walked faster than him before they just arrived. All of a sudden, he was all weak and sick?
	No matter what was going on, Kevin was happy to have such an opportunity to send Hannah and Hilary back.
	Richard leaned his head against Amy, looking very frail. That burst of anger which caused his higher temperature, was a great help.
	"Look at you. You're sick. You should stay at home instead of coming out and walking around. Now, you got a fever." Amy kept on nagging.
	Hearing these words, Richard felt happy. Nagging meant care. He felt her care for him.
	"I didn't want to come out. Kevin asked me to come out to drink with him. I had no choice." Richard made Kevin a scapegoat.
	"You should tell him that you're sick." Amy pressed Richard's head closer to her to make him feel more comfortable.
	She supported Richard, helped him to the bed, and carefully tucked him in. Richard thought she would go to bed with him, but Amy didn't. She went out and said, "Sleep tight. Call me if you need anything. I'm in the next room."
	Richard sighed. All he did was to get Amy’s care and love. But now she was going to sleep in another room.
	"What's the matter?" Amy turned around and looked at him.
	"I'm badly ill. How could you leave me alone?" At this moment, Richard gave her the most seductive puppy-dog eyes.
	"I got something to do. You go to sleep first, and I'll come back later." Amy was thinking about working overtime because she didn’t finish her translation.
	Richard thought Amy wouldn't be here for the night. It turned out she just got something to do. Richard said in relief, "Fine. Come back early."
	"Go to bed now." Amy opened the door and went out.
	After taking the medicine, Richard had recovered, not to mention he wasn't sick in the first place. Now he was in bed and couldn't fall asleep, wondering why Amy was a bit mysterious and what work she had to do now.
	Richard couldn't fall asleep with all these doubts.
	It was in the midnight. Richard wanted to see what Amy was doing, but he was afraid that she would get angry with him. So he decided to get up and go to the bathroom.
	Amy finally finished the translation before the deadline. She stretched herself and put the translation into her bag. Then, she went to see Richard but didn't find him in the room.
	"Richard, Richard?" Amy didn't see him and called out in the room, but Richard didn't answer. Instead, he hid in the bathroom and snickered.
	Amy became anxious, wondering if he got sick again. She opened the bathroom and saw Richard inside, looking weak.
	"Richard, what's the matter?" Amy asked anxiously.
	"It's fine. I just got up and went to the bathroom. I'm fine." Richard kept saying that he was fine. However, the harder he explained, the more skeptical Amy became.
	*****
	Three days later. Richard was watching Amy reading the documents, which was supposed to be his work. Richard loved it when Amy concentrated on her work with her head down, her neck slender and fair.
	Ever since he pretended to be sick, Amy had done everything as he wished, but it had been three days since they made love. He couldn't suppress his desire anymore.
	Even a glance at Amy's neck would turn him on.
	"Amy!" Richard whispered.
Chapter 119 Go to the Carter's Mansion
	Richard called out to Amy. She answered but didn't look at him.
	Seeing that Amy was too busy to pay attention to him, Richard walked over to hold Amy and rubbed his head on her shoulder.
	"Amy, it's been a long time." Richard acted cute. He never knew that he could act cute.
	"Yes," Amy answered casually. She was reading the document and thinking about how to deal with it. She wasn't really listening.
	Amy had been busy since he asked her to help him with his work, so he decided not to bother Amy before she finished the work.
	Just when Richard was nearly killed by the boredom, his phone rang. Seeing that it was his grandfather, he hurriedly sat upright and picked up the phone.
	"Hi, Grandpa, is there anything I can do for you?" Richard respected John very much.
	"Oh, OK. I'll ask Amy. Wait a moment. Hold on." Richard covered the phone.
	He asked Amy, "Amy, Grandpa asked us to go back for dinner tonight."
	"Oh. I'm not going," Amy refused. She didn't want to go back to the mansion.
	"OK, I'll tell Grandpa." Richard deliberately said slowly.
	Amy turned around to look at Richard and his phone. John was very kind to her when he visited her. Thinking of this, she couldn't bear to let John down.
	"No, don't tell him. I'll go with you." Amy decided to go back to the mansion. She did not want to before because the marriage between Richard and her was contractual and only lasted for two years.
	It was different now. Since they decided to be together for the rest of their lives, Amy had to meet Richard's family.
	Richard snickered. He knew that Amy was kind and she would say yes. He stopped covering the phone and said to John, "OK, we'll be back for dinner tonight."
	After hanging up the phone, Richard was in a particularly good mood. Amy was so nice and considerate. Richard didn't need to worry about her. What a lucky man he was!
	"Amy, this should be enough." Amy had bought so many gifts for John. Richard was almost crushed by the weight. And Amy got some in her hands too. This was the first time Amy went to the Carter's mansion. Amy was so nervous that she bought a lot of things.
	"OK, let's go now." Amy checked everything she bought. There were presents for everyone. When Richard told her about his family, Amy didn't realize it was such a big family. Now with all the presents she had to prepare, she truly got the point.
	Amy put the things in the car and she felt that her hands were almost broken. Fortunately, Richard helped her carry the heavy things. Otherwise, she wouldn't possibly carry such heavy stuff here.
	"Amy, there you are." John had been waiting at the door for a long time with his walking stick. When Richard told him that they were coming, he was so excited. When it was time for Amy and Richard to get off work, John insisted on waiting them at the door.
	"Grandpa, sorry to have kept you waiting. Let's go in." Richard asked the servants to take the gifts in. Amy and he helped John into the house.
	John complained about Richard coming back so late and keeping Amy hungry.
	When they entered the house, the Carters were already sitting at the big dining table, their eyes on Amy.
	Amy didn't know anyone except Cathy and Hilary.
	"Come on. Have a seat!" Cathy helped John to his seat and asked Richard and Amy to take a seat.
	Today was the first time Amy had come to the Carter's mansion. John gathered all the members of the family except Richard's father, Halbert Carter. He was abroad taking care of Richard's grandmother, who was recuperating there.
	Amy sat down. She felt the different gazes from each member of the family. Some were inspecting, some disdainful, and some hostile.
	But they went back to normal when Amy looked up to greet everyone.
	"Today is the first time Amy has come to our house. They will also move in to live with us. I would like to see that our family live together happily. Since we're a family, I hope we'll help each other. Amy is a good girl. You must look out for her." John gave orders to the family at the dining table.
	"We will, Grandpa. You've always taught us to be kind and take care of one another." A young woman hurriedly replied. After she finished speaking, she deliberately glanced at Amy. There wasn't much kindness as she said in her eyes. Instead, there was hostility.
	Amy looked at the young woman. She had curly hair and wore make-up. Her already pretty face looked even more delicate with that makeup.
	Seeing that Amy was looking at her, Sophia immediately put on a smile.
	"Amy, we're family now. I am Sophia White. My husband is Richard's second brother." Sophia was hospitable, but Amy felt uncomfortable.
	"Hi, Sophia." Amy greeted. She was not happy. She had heard of Sophia who was Gina's cousin. It was said that Sophia was once abroad and married a very wealthy man.
	Gina had always been proud of that and often showed it off. Amy was surprised that Sophia's rich husband was Richard's brother.
	"This is the first time we meet. I have prepared a small gift for you. I hope you would like it." Sophia handed the gift she had prepared to Amy.
	"Thank you, Sophia. This is a gift for you. I hope you'd like it." Amy took it over from Richard and handed it to Sophia.
	Everyone exchanged gifts with Amy. They looked harmonious and John thus was happy. He looked at them and wouldn't stop smiling.
	John was a family man and loved family traditions. He liked to have his family together, his children and grandchildren around him, which to him was the joy of family.
	"Alright, you are so considerate. I don't have anything for you. I'll just give each one of you some lucky money. I wish you all great happiness in life." John clapped his hands and the butler came in with a tray. The red envelopes on it looked heavy.
	"You must be hungry. Amy, it's so late and I think you're hungry after a long day at work. Let’s start our dinner. Help yourself." John was afraid that Amy was hungry, but etiquette was necessary.
	When the servants heard John announcing dinner, they came in and soon the big table was full of delicious dishes.
Chapter 120 Play Cards
	Occasionally, Richard would put food on Amy's plate. There had already been lots of food on her plate, so Amy had no choice but to speed up.
	Amy had a good appetite. The food piled up on her plate wasn't a problem for her. Besides, she wasn't picky about food. Actually, she quite enjoyed eating.
	Comparing her daughter-in-law and other women, Cathy smiled. She thought that Amy was indeed unpretentious. Amy ate whatever she wanted while other women only had a little food. Those women had stopped eating for quite a while so as not to get fat.
	"Look at Amy. She eats whatever she wants. But she still has a very slim figure." After that, Cathy had someone fill a bowl of soup for Amy.
	After Amy heard Cathy's words, she noticed that Hilary and she were the only ones who were still eating. While other women were looking at them.
	Hilary was used to it. She was in her own home and wouldn't stop eating until she was full.
	But Amy felt a little embarrassed. She looked around, discovering that those women were staring at her with disdain.
	She could stop eating. But in that case, she would be hungry. However, if she continued, she might anger those women, which might also lead their turning against her. Holding the fork, Amy was in a difficult situation. She didn't know what she should do.
	"A good appetite is a blessing. Amy, just be yourself. Don't worry about others." John said this with a gloomy face. He liked girls who had a good appetite.
	Hearing John's words, Amy relaxed and stopped paying attention to those gazes. She realized that the most important thing now was to enjoy herself with delicious food.
	"Amy, I want to discuss something with you." John also put down his fork.
	"Okay, Grandpa, just tell me what you want." Amy hurriedly stopped eating and stared at John. She was waiting for John's words.
	"I won't ask you to do anything. It's just a discussion. You married Richard. But Richard is not sensible enough to give you a proper wedding you deserve. In our family, this is not the right way to treat a wife. We won't let you suffer from such injustice." After John finished speaking, he glared at Richard.
	Richard hurriedly lowered his head. He had been feeling ashamed for this. He didn't expect that his grandfather would mention this to Amy before him.
	"It's fine." Amy waved her hand. When they got married, their marriage was just a contract. She never thought that she would have a wedding.
	"No, we will not treat you like this. We will give you a grand wedding. Let's settle a date to meet your parents and discuss the proper etiquette with your families. I'll leave the wedding to Cathy and Sophia. Sophia is a high-born lady and always helps Cathy with the housework." John nominated the people in charge.
	Although Sophia didn't want to do this, she did not show her unwillingness on the face. Instead, she immediately agreed with a smile.
	"Since you're here, don't leave. Play cards with me later. Cathy, go arrange it and tidy up Richard's room. They'll stay tonight." John has made all the arrangements.
	"Yes, Dad. You're so thoughtful. We'll play cards in a while. Amy, you must be careful. Grandpa is very good at cards." Seeing that John was nice to her daughter-in-law, Cathy was extremely happy.
	Jacob Carter wasn't married yet, so he wasn't interested in such family matters.
	William Carter was a man. And he was not very interested in these things, either. But Sophia was different. It had been a long time since John stopped playing cards. But after Amy came here, he offered to play cards with her. Sophia felt that John favored Amy.
	"William, look at yourself. You are William Carter. But in the HD Group, you're just a manager without any real power. At home. You're not favored either. Why did I marry you?" Sophia pulled William into the room and started to lose her temper at him.
	William didn't care about this trivia. He thought that men should do bigger things.
	"Alright. Stop complaining. You have everything you want at home, right?" William comforted Sophia.
	"What do you mean by saying I have everything I want? If it were not for the thing that happened to your mother, there would be no way that Cathy could marry into the Carter family! Now, everything belongs to them. We are just outsiders." When Sophia married William, she felt that it was a great honor to marry into the Carter family.
	However, now being part of the family, she realized that Cathy was the hostess of the whole family and William's mother was in control of nothing.
	"Don't worry, honey. Take your time. We'll get everything back." William didn't say anything more to Sophia. He thought Sophia was just a woman and he could satisfy her with a few comforting words. After all, he didn't believe that women could turn the world upside down.
	"He even wants me to prepare for their wedding. That wedding must cost a lot. It makes me feel terrible as we are going to spend so much money on Amy. They had already married. That wedding is totally unnecessary! I heard that Amy was once abandoned. Only the Carters would consider her as a treasure!" Sophia knew Amy since she was her cousin's good friend.
	"Right, I'll tell grandfather and mother that Amy was married once. I want to see whether they will still take her as a treasure after knowing this!" When Sophia thought of this, she immediately turned happy.
	"What? Amy once married someone else? So, she is Richard's second marriage? Richard is better than me in everything, but his wife is not as great as my wife! My wife has only married me!" William was glad to know that he finally defeated Richard on something.
	*****
	"Amy, you won again! You are so lucky today! You made us lose all the money we have." John pouted and showed everyone the money box in front of him. It was almost empty.
	Richard helped Amy with the cards. He proudly showed everyone Amy's money box, which was filled with money.
	"It seems after today's game, I need to draw some money from the bank? Amy, you ruined my reputation!" John said this with a bitter face.
	"How about I give the money back?" Amy didn't know why she was so lucky today. She always got the cards she wanted. And Richard told her how to play the cards. It was like money wanting to come into her pocket.
	When Janice heard that she could get her money back, she was delighted. She had already lost more than 2,000. But she could have afternoon tea again after Amy gave her money back. In fact, she did not mind losing money. And she had lost a lot of money before. But she didn't want to lose her money to Richard and Amy.
	"What a bad idea! You won this money yourself. Keep it! You promised to play cards with me until ten o'clock. We still have more than an hour. No one is allowed to leave!" John asked the butler to get money for him again.
Chapter 121 An Awkward Breakfast
	Because of John's words, Janice was too embarrassed to leave, so she asked someone to get some more money.
	Amy was so lucky. When they stopped playing, she won almost all the money from the others.
	"Alright. It's ten o'clock. It's time to sleep. I'm so unlucky today." It was late and Janice immediately quit the game. If she continued, she didn't know how much money she would lose. She even doubted if John was colluding with Amy to win her money.
	"Alright, have a good rest." John looked at his empty wallet and smiled.
	"Richard, I've never had such good luck in poker." Even Amy felt that she was too lucky today. She had played poker with Stephen before, but she hardly won.
	"Perhaps you are destined to be in the Carter family." Richard smiled.
	Richard's room was huge but decorated simply. Black and white were the only two colors in the room.
	"I'm so tired. I've been sitting all night. I'm going to take a shower." Amy felt that her waist was sore and she went to take a shower.
	She was immersed in warm water and felt very comfortable. She was enjoying the bath, while the bathroom door suddenly opened and Richard walked in topless.
	"You... what are you doing?" Amy blushed as she looked at his naked chest.
	"What am I doing? I'm here to help my wife take a bath." Richard took off his shoes and stepped into the bathtub.
	The bathtub was so big that there was still room even with them in it.
	Amy didn't know how to refute him, so she moved to the side. Richard sat down and rubbed her back and massaged her waist.
	Her waist was quite sour, so it was comfortable to be massaged by him. Amy relaxed and allowed Richard to keep massaging.
	*****
	Early in the morning, Amy and Richard came out holding hands. Everyone was waiting for them to have breakfast.
	Amy felt really embarrassed, so she nodded to everyone, but Richard pulled her to sit down directly.
	Sophia curled her lips in disdain when she saw them. What was the big deal? No matter how proud Amy was, Matt had fallen in love with her cousin. But to be honest, Richard was much better than Matt.
	"Enjoy." John said, and everyone began to eat.
	"I remember Amy and my cousin were really close. When Amy and Matt got married, my cousin kept talking about it." Sophia was gossiping while having breakfast.
	Her words stunned everyone. Did she wanted to start a fight early in the morning? Janice and others immediately got excited and couldn’t wait to enjoy a show.
	"Sophia, what did you say?" After John heard this, he asked Sophia.
	"Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't say anything. I just wanted to say that I knew Amy before. She's really a cute girl." Sophia pretended she had made a mistake and stopped talking. She was very smart. She knew if she continued, grandpa would definitely get angry.
	Cathy glared at Sophia and thought she was indeed a troublemaker. She always said what she shouldn't say, just like her mother-in-law.
	"You're right. Amy is very cute. Have another sandwich." Cathy looked at Amy who was awkward and gave her a piece of sandwiches.
	John was went gloomy. Amy had been married before. Why didn't he know that? Did they lie to him?
	John pulled a long face and drank a mouthful of milk before he stood up and left.
	"Grandpa, just forget what I said." Sophia was actually reminding John of what she had said.
	"Enjoy your meal. You really talk too much." Cathy glared at her.
	Sophia ignored Cathy since she determined to make life difficult for Amy in this family.
	"Mom, I was telling the truth." Sophia pretended to feel wronged.
	"Mom, it's the truth. Sophia is not lying. Amy knows this very well." William helped his wife.
	"I heard that many college students would use their nude photos to take out a loan. I wonder if you have heard of it." Richard was silent all the time before he said casually.
	Sophia's face immediately changed. How did Richard know about this? That was her painful past. At that time, she had been abandoned and was pregnant.
	"What do you mean?" William glared at Richard. When Sophia married him, she was innocent.
	"Nothing," Richard did not continue.
	He just wanted Sophia to stop talking. Since she dared to offend Amy, he could expose her scandal to everyone.
	Richard often talked nonsense. Everyone was accustomed to it, so no one continued asking. Sophia was relieved.
	'Damn Richard, how did he know? I must be careful from now on. Everything about my dirty past was taken care of. Is there anything I missed?' Sophia was thinking.
	The breakfast was very unpleasant. Everyone had their own thoughts. After breakfast, Richard went to work with Amy.
	"Hilary, take care of Amy today. I'll go and talk to your grandfather. I think Amy is upset now. Damn Sophia!" When Hilary was about to leave, Cathy pulled her to the side and said to her.
	"Okay." Hilary agreed.
	"Amy, don't worry about what happened this morning." Seeing that Amy was upset, Richard comforted her.
	"Richard, what Sophia said is true. You are my second husband. And..." Amy wanted to tell Richard she had sex with a strange man on her wedding night.
	"I know. I went to get your divorce certificate, and I also got your marriage certificate. I know very well how you got divorced." Richard interrupted Amy.
	"Yes, that's right, but do you know that on my wedding night..." Amy insisted on saying that. She felt that since they were married, she shouldn’t hide this from him. She didn't want to hide it either.
	"Baby, no matter what, I want to marry you. Don't worry." Richard interrupted Amy again. He was a little embarrassed.
Chapter 122 Amy's Mother
	"Stephen? Is it you?" Stephen was shopping in the supermarket. Recently, his daughter had returned to the villa. He was alone, but now since he had no business affairs to deal with., he lived a relaxing and regular life.
	Stephen heard someone calling him, so he turned around and saw a beautiful lady looking at him.
	Stephen looked at the lady and was surprised. He was so excited that the bag in his hands fell to the ground.
	"Eliana?" Stephen called out softly, but he couldn't move a step, as if he were frozen.
	Eliana walked over and held Stephen's hands. Looking at him carefully, Eliana began to wail.
	She came back to look for him and their daughter. She had found he was abroad for treating heart disease.
	"Don't cry. A crying woman is not pretty. My Eliana is the most beautiful woman in the world. Don't cry." Stephen wanted to wipe Eliana's tears, but he raised his hand and put it down again. He couldn't do that anymore.
	So Stephen took out a tissue from his bag and handed it to Eliana.
	"You are still a smooth talker, Stephen." Eliana took the tissue and wiped her tears. She felt that she owed Stephen a lot.
	"How long have you been back? Have you seen our daughter?" Stephen asked Eliana.
	"Almost half a year. I've seen Amy. You've taught her well. I'm very grateful to you. Stephen, let's go and have some tea, shall me?" Eliana had calmed down.
	Just as she was in the car, she saw Stephen by accident. She hurriedly stopped the driver and followed Stephen to the supermarket. The supermarket was so big that she walked around back and forth before finding Stephen at the place where vegetables were offered.
	"Sounds good." Stephen knew this day would come.
	"Stephen, I remember that Rode tea is your favorite tea, right?" Eliana ordered Rode tea for Stephen.
	"It's kind of you to remember my preference. Thank you, Eliana." Stephen picked up the teacup, but he couldn't enjoy the tea.
	The atmosphere was stale. Eliana did not know where to start. The person she owed the most in her life was Stephen.
	Stephen didn't know what to say, either. He was honest, and even was a little stupid.
	"Stephen."
	"Eliana." After thinking for a long time, the two of them called out each other's names at the same time.
	"You first." The two of them said at the same time, again.
	"Okay. I'll start." Stephen felt that since he was a man, he definitely had to break the ice.
	"Amy is a good girl. She has never complained during the years you've been absent. She may be too young to remember you." Stephen reported to Eliana about Amy's past life.
	Stephen was telling everything about Amy in detail, from kindergarten to college, but he was a little confused about Amy's marriage.
	Eliana wiped her tears as she smiled and listened to him.
	"Thank you, Stephen." Eliana was very grateful to Stephen.
	"I've treated Amy as my own daughter. I'm her father for the last 21 years. That's enough for me. Since you've all come back, take her back to live a decent life. I'm broke now, and I can't give her anything anymore." When he said the last sentence, Stephen was sad as if his heart were stabbed by a knife.
	Amy was his everything. He could no longer give her the best life, so he could only give up. He just hoped that Amy could live a better life.
	"No. I'm not here to take her away from you. I know that Amy is indispensable in your life. I just want to look at her from afar." How could Eliana take Amy away from Stephen who helped her a lot?
	When Amy was born, Eliana was not in good health. It was Stephen who took care of Amy at night. He could stay up all night and go to work as usual in the daytime.
	Eliana knew that Stephen was good to Amy, so she trusted him with her daughter.
	"Thank you, Stephen." Eliana did not know how to convey her appreciation, so she could only keep saying thank you.
	"You don't need to thank me. Amy is also my daughter although she has no blood relationship with me. If you don't care the fact that I am broke, I am still willing to take care of Amy." Stephen smiled, but his smile was bitter.
	The two of them talked for a while. Eliana had known that Stephen's company was bankrupt. It was the son of the Wilson family who tricked Stephen.
	After the two parted, Eliana gave a phone call, "Well, stop working with Wilson Group. If they have any questions, ask them to talk with me."
	*****
	"Dad, I'm going home for dinner tonight. Richard will go with me." It has been many days since she came out. Amy missed Stephen very much and wanted to go back to see him.
	"Okay, Daddy will make your favorite food." Stephen was originally afraid that Eliana would take Amy away, but Eliana allowed him to continue to take care of Amy.
	At this time, Amy called him, which made him happier.
	He hadn't remarried for fear that Amy shouldn’t be taken good care of. Amy was Stephen's sweetheart. He couldn't love Amy more.
	After he hung up, Stephen went to the market for ingredients of today's dinner. It was a big deal for him since his daughter and son-in-law would come back.
	"Amy, why are you smiling all the time?" Richard, who had asked Amy to help read the documents for two days, had no excuse and had to read the documents by himself.
	"Because I'm happy." Amy was happy when she found Richard didn’t care about her past. Wasn't it so fabulous that the husband and wife were candid with each other?
	"Oh, tell me why you are so happy." Richard had never found that he was very disgusted with those boring documents. With Amy staying with him, he simply could not focus on his work.
	"No, don't come over. Go back to work." Amy hurriedly waved her hands. Last night, she was so tired, but Richard was still full of vigor and vitality on bed. Moreover, she thought he was still sick.
	"If you're here, I can't focus on my work." Richard had walked over and hugged Amy on his laps.
	"Then I can only leave now. I don't want to be accused of disturbing the president's work." Amy pushed Richard, wanting him to let go of her.
Chapter 123 Wilson Group's Troubles
	"Dad, we're back. It smells so good. You must have made the sticky rice balls." As soon as Amy entered, she was attracted by the smell of the food.
	Knowing that Richard would come, Stephen prepared some specialties.
	Although there were just three people, he prepared a feast.
	"Come in and wash your hands. The meal is almost done except for the soup." Stephen had been taking care of Amy by himself for many years and he had become a superb cook.
	As soon as Amy walked to the dining table, she picked up a rice ball with her hand and put it in her mouth. It had been a long time since she ate this dish.
	"No need to hurry. I have prepared a lot. Take some with you when you leave. It's your favorite and you must miss it." Stephen walked out with the soup. Seeing that Amy had started eating, he smiled. Amy was still his lovely daughter.
	"Have a try, Richard. These are all my father's specialties." While putting food on his plate, Amy introduced these dishes.
	"Amy’s flattering me. These are all Amy's favorites and I don't know whether you like them or not, Mr. Carter." In front of Richard, Stephen was still a little reserved.
	Although Stephen was older, Richard was a successful businessman in R City that ordinary people didn't dare to offend.
	"Stephen, you are so kind. Since you're Amy's father, we are a family. Just call me Richard." Richard said to Stephen.
	"That's right, Dad. He's your son-in-law. Why are you so polite?" Amy was chewing with food in her mouth, looking quite cute.
	"Well, Richard. Suit yourself." Only then did Stephen feel relaxed.
	They enjoyed their meal. The dishes were so delicious that they finished them all up.
	Amy touched her belly and leaned against the sofa. She didn't care the two guys who scrambled to wash the dishes.
	This was the marriage that she longed for. She was pleased with her life since her husband and father both loved her.
	"Dad, these are gifts from Richard." Amy showed Stephen the things they brought back.
	"It is so kind of you. You don't have to bring me gifts." Seeing those gifts, Stephen said.
	"It's our pleasure." Richard quickly replied.
	There were various gifts from food to daily necessities. What attracted Stephen the most was a chess set made of jade. He was fond of playing chess but had no decent chess set. With this, he could play chess with his friends.
	"Stephen, I still owe Amy a wedding. I've discussed it with my family and decided to have one. What do you think?" Richard asked Stephen's advice about the wedding.
	"It's not necessary. Since we've married for quite a long time, just keep it simple." Amy didn't want a wedding. As long as Richard was nice to her, she was satisfied.
	"I don't think so. How can I take it for granted?" Richard insisted on having a wedding. He always felt that he owed Amy a lot.
	"You didn't say this when we got married." Amy muttered.
	Richard took Amy in his arms and apologized, "Sorry, I was stupid at that time."
	Seeing that Amy and Richard were having a happy life, Stephen was happy too. All his efforts paid off.
	*****
	"Call Mr. Newell again. Why did he stop the project all of a sudden? It runs well." Landon Wilson was anxious after being told that the Newell Company had stopped their cooperation with Wilson Group.
	He made great efforts to accomplish this cooperation. How could it stop?
	"It's not decided by Mr. Newell but by Mrs. Newell. She says if you have any questions, just talk to her." Seeing that Landon was furious, the secretary said in fear.
	"Mrs. Newell? Women are all narrow-minded. Did we offend her? But we have no contacts." Landon didn't remember when he had offended her.
	'I don't know. It has nothing to do with me.' The secretary thought in her heart, but she still pretended to be anxious.
	Landon walked back and forth. He was so anxious that he wanted to hit someone.
	"Call Matt in." Landon felt that since Matt divorced Amy, their company had gained no profit at all. Although they had merged the Miller Group, it was not a good choice.
	At first, the HD Group stopped the cooperation with them. It was still reasonable because he heard that Richard had married Amy.
	Now the Newell Group also stopped cooperating with them. Could it be that Mrs. Newell had a crush on Stephen?
	"Go and prepare a gift. I'm going to visit Mrs. Newell." Landon gritted his teeth. If this project succeeded, it could bring him hundreds of millions in return.
	He had to try his best.
	"Mrs. Newell, the boss of Wilson Group wants to see you." While Mrs. Newell was working in the office, the secretary said to her.
	Mrs. Newell stopped working. She didn't expect him to come so soon. She thought he would still hesitate for a while.
	"Bring him to the reception room. I'll be right there." Mrs. Newell said to her secretary.
	"Alright." Then, the secretary went out.
	Landon, Matt, and the whole Wilson Group were troublemakers. How could Landon still enjoy his life after he knew that his son stole the Miller Group by deception? Landon was so shameless. She would do Stephen a favor and give Landon a lesson.
	Standing up behind the desk, Mrs. Newell combed her hair. Although she was in her forties, she looked good, just like a young woman in her early thirties.
	People could tell from Mrs. Newell's appearance what a happy life she was living and how much Mr. Newell loved her.
	When Landon saw Mrs. Newell at first glance, he had an instinct that she was a powerful woman and she was in charge of the Newell Group.
Chapter 124 You Have No Conscience
	"Are you Landon Wilson from the Wilson Group?" After Mrs. Newell went in, she sat opposite Landon.
	"Well, yes, Mrs. Newell. It's my gift. I hope you'll like it." Landon handed Mrs. Newell the expensive gift, but Mrs. Newell didn't take it.
	Landon smiled awkwardly and put the gift aside.
	"Why do you come to see me? Is there something wrong?" Mrs. Newell drank her tea elegantly and looked at her teacup instead of Landon.
	Landon was furious. Although the Wilson Group was not a top company in R City, it was a long-established enterprise. Other than HD Group, no one dared to be so rude to him.
	But since he asked the Newell Group for help, he had to repress his feeling.
	"Yes, there is something I would like to discuss with you." Landon suppressed his anger and thought she was just a woman and he would cope with her easily.
	"I'll give you ten minutes. I'm very busy." Mrs. Newell put down her teacup and said impatiently to Landon.
	"Oh, well, Mrs. Newell, the Newell Group and Wilson Group had a deal, right? But as the construction was about to start, why did it suddenly stop?" Landon asked carefully.
	"Alright. Let me tell you. When I investigated the Wilson Group's background, I found that you were not qualified." Mrs. Newell looked at her fingers with red nail polish.
	Her fingers were pretty, fair, and tender.
	"Of course we are qualified. Haven’t you investigated us before the negotiation? Why did you do it again?" Landon felt that Mrs. Newell was making things difficult for them.
	"It was not thorough. You have no conscience. I have heard many complaints from the merchants that the Wilson Group often plays tricks. In the end, the Wilson Group's partners always suffer losses and some companies even went bankrupt. Is that so?" Mrs. Newell said to Landon.
	Landon was nervous. She was right. However, it was Matt who did it. But, he knew it was the truth.
	But the Newell Group had just expanded their business in the R City. How came they knew it so clearly?
	"Mr. Wilson, did you forget?" Mrs. Newell suddenly stared at him with her big beautiful eyes.
	"Well, it might be a misinformation. Even if it's true, our group also suffered losses. But our company is large and can survive the loss. Those small enterprises couldn't, so they went bankrupt." Landon found an excuse.
	They were very cautious. How could Mrs. Newell know about it?
	"Really? That's why we don't want to cooperate with you. We don't want risk or get into trouble. Our employees depend on Mr. Newell. We can't afford to suffer losses." Mrs. Newell changed the subject.
	"So we stopped the cooperation with you. I'll pay for the liquidated damages according to the contract." After saying this, Mrs. Newell stood up.
	"Your ten minutes are up. Mr. Wilson, please leave." Mrs. Newell gracefully left the meeting room.
	Landon was so outraged, but he couldn't do anything. The Newell Group was rich and powerful, even stronger than the HD Group. He didn't have any chance going against them.
	When he walked out of the Newell Group, Landon gave Matt a call.
	"Did you leave any evidence when dealing with those small companies?"
	"Of course not. Many of them didn’t know we set them up," Matt said with certainty.
	"Are you sure no one knows?" Landon asked again.
	"Yes. But when I divorced Amy, she was doubting me." Matt suddenly remembered Amy. She said that he had tricked the Miller Group.
	"Amy? Go and find out the relationship of Amy and the Newell Company. Why did the Newell Company help her?" Landon hung up the phone in a burst of anger. Stupid Matt! When Amy was suspicious, he should have denied it. He must have thought that Amy couldn't bring Wilson Group down.
	When Matt heard that the cooperation between Wilson Group and Newell Group had been suspended, he panicked.
	'Last time, the HD Group stopped cooperating with the Wilson Group because Amy married Richard. But what's the relationship of the Newell Group and Amy? At the party, it seemed that Mr. Newell gave Amy 15% stake. Did Mr. Newell fall in love with Amy?'
	"Matt, what's wrong with you? You don't look well." Gina looked at Matt who was waiting for her and and noticed his anxious face.
	"It has nothing to do with you. I asked you out today for one thing. Don't come to see me again. We are done." Matt looked coldly at Gina.
	"Matt, can we not talk about this for the time being? I know you're in a bad mood recently. I can help you." Gina would not break up with Matt. She had come a long way to be with Matt.
	"Help me? How can you help me? The Newell Group won't cooperate with the Wilson Group anymore. Can you help me? Because if you can, I won't break up with you." Matt roared at Gina.
	Gina was too annoying. She gained the sympathy from him with someone else's child. That was why he broke up with Amy. The more Matt thought about it, the angrier he got. When he was infatuated with Gina's body before, he could bear it. But not any longer.
	"What? The cooperation with the Newell Group is ruined?" Gina was surprised. Landon himself made great efforts to get the deal with the Newell Group, but now it was ruined.
	"Yes. You jinx. When I was with Amy, everything went well. But now, things changed." Matt blamed everything on Gina.
	Gina loved him so much that she felt that it was her fault.
	"Matt, don't worry. I might not help you with the Newell Group, but I can help you with the HD Group." Gina said to Matt.
	"HD Group? Who do you think you are? Amy's husband is the president of HD Group. Do you think we will get the project?" Matt shook off Gina's hands.
Chapter 125 Win the Project
	Gina said that she could accomplish the cooperation with HD Group, but Matt absolutely did not believe her.
	"Matt, I'm not lying to you. I can get the project for you. Why don't you let me try?" Gina looked at Matt's handsome face. She couldn't get any man better than him now. Thus, she couldn't let Matt go. At least, he was one of the sons of the Wilson family.
	"Well, since you are so confident, you will have one week to get the project. If you do, I won’t break up with you. If not, don't come to me anymore." Matt glared at Gina. He felt so unbelievable that Gina got pregnant with another man just in order to be with him.
	Matt thought that if Gina gave birth to his child, it would be the first grandchild of the Wilson family, and his status would be improved. However, Gina got pregnant with someone else.
	Whenever Matt thought about it, he became angry, but Gina was indeed quite nice to him. Anyway, it was better to make the best use of her.
	"Okay. Matt, I will try my best. I'll do it in a week." She didn’t tell Matt that her cousin was Sophia who married into the Carter family. And she must ask Sophia to help her by all means.
	Gina left and was going to find Sophia who was all she could rely on now.
	*****
	"Sophia, please have some tea." Gina respectfully handed Sophia a cup of tea.
	Sophia was not very polite to Gina. Sophia's family was much wealthier than Gina's. Therefore, Sophia had been looking down on Gina.
	"What's up? I'm going to the beauty salons, shopping and playing cards this afternoon." Sophia said while drinking the tea. Gina told her that she had something very important to tell her. That was why she was here. She didn't want to come here, but Gina threatened her, which made her even unhappier.
	"Sophia, I want to win the cooperation with the HD Group." Gina said straightforwardly.
	"You? No way. Your family is running a small business. Even if you win the project, you cannot carry it out well." Sophia put down the teacup and wanted to leave. So Gina invited her here just to talk about this? Gina was ridiculous.
	It was pie in the sky! Sophia was despising Gina.
	"It's not my family's company. It's the Wilson Group which is a very powerful company. It can cooperate with the HD Group, right?" Seeing that Sophia was leaving, Gina said her real purpose hurriedly.
	"Are you crazy? You ask me to help you on behalf of the Wilson Group? That’s so kind of you!" Sophia got angry. She knew that Gina had always been jealous of her, but she should blame herself for her bad luck!
	Sophia stood up and was about to open the door.
	"Sophia, I have a report from the hospital. Why don't you take a look?" Gina calmed down and put something on the table.
	Hearing this, Sophia stopped. She looked back and was confused.
	She picked up the report on the table. As she looked at it, her face changed at once.
	"Where did you get this?" Sophia's hands trembled and then she tore the report apart.
	"It doesn't matter, Sophia. It's just a copy. I have the original." Gina knew that she had something that Sophia was worried about the most.
	"Well, which project do you want? Give the original to me after I help you." Sophia sat down again.
	"You are so nice and sweet. What I want is the project that HD Group cooperated on with Wilson Group before. Once it's done, I'll give the original to you." Gina said straightforwardly. She felt so lucky that she knew Sophia’s dirty secret.
	"Deal!" Sophia did not want to stay here anymore. She grabbed her Hermes bag and hurriedly left.
	Gina looked at Sophia's back and smiled. True, she was not as lucky as Sophia who had the bigger house and more expensive clothes and even attended a better school.
	However, she had Matt right now. And he would bring all these to her.
	*****
	Time passed quickly and the last day came. It was already the afternoon now. Time was running up, but Matt did not receive any notice from HD Group. When he realized that Gina might lie to him for the whole week, he became much angrier.
	"Matt, I cooked some soup for you." Gina came inside with an insulated lunch container.
	"Gina White, what did you promise me? One week? Now the time is up. Where is the project?" Matt walked to Gina and clutched her fiercely.
	"Time is not up yet. Now it's just three o'clock. We still three hours before you get off work." Actually, at the moment, Gina did not have any confidence in herself. Could it be that Sophia was unable to help her or that Sophia had come up with a way to deal with her?
	"Well, I'll wait for another three hours. You'd better not lie to me. I've told my father about it. If I can’t cooperate with them, I have to resign!" Since Gina promised him so confidently, Matt pledged to his father too. However, there was no news until now.
	"I will definitely make it. Don't worry. Just wait for a while." Gina became nervous. If Sophia did not help, she could only be ruined and she swore to ruin Sophia first!
	At five o'clock, the phone rang. It was from Landon asking about the cooperation with the HD Group.
	"Mr. Wilson, please wait for a while. Good news is on the way," Matt was sweating with anxiousness.
	He was being tortured by tension and anxiety as time passed by.
	At 5:40pm, the phone rang again but Matt hesitated to answer it.
	"Matt, answer the phone." Gina said nervously and put all her hope on this call.
	Matt had no choice but to answer the phone with hands trembling.
	"Dad, I..." Matt answered the call from Landon. He was prepared to be scolded.
	"Matt, you're quite capable. The HD Group called me just now and said that the cooperation would proceed. Well done." Landon was excited and laughed happily.
	Hearing that, both Matt and Gina became relaxed. Matt finished the call after a few words.
	And then he turned to Gina.
Chapter 126 Sophia's Secret
	Feeling excited, Matt turned around and looked at Gina. He didn't expect that she really helped him at the critical moment.
	Gina didn't know what Matt had heard on the phone, but looking at Matt, she felt he was quite frightening.
	Suddenly, Matt held Gina tightly in his arms.
	Then Gina knew that Matt made it, so she was relieved. Matt would definitely thank her for this, and she would also be the real Mrs. Wilson.
	"Gina, how did you do that? Thank you so much." Matt was very happy now. He thought women were supposed to be taken advantage of. If they were useless, he just needed to drive them way. He treated Amy like this and worked out just fine.
	However, when he thought of Amy, he was still very reluctant. That fatty got so lucky and had slept with Amy on the wedding night. Such a shame! Amy was still a virgin back then.
	"I'm willing to do anything for you." Gina was also very happy. In the future, with Matt's help, she would be able to live a rich and peaceful life.
	"Come on. Let's celebrate." Matt held Gina's hand and wanted to celebrate. After accomplishing the cooperation with the HD Group, Landon would definitely change his attitude towards Matt. His status in the Wilson Group would also improve greatly.
	"Alright," Gina followed Matt out of the office, and they went to celebrate.
	*****
	"Sophia, what's wrong with you? You've been angry for a long time. Who made you so angry?" William saw his wife sighed for a long time and looked gloomy. He walked over to comfort her.
	"No. I just felt sorry for bothering you." Sophia rested in William's embrace.
	William was very good to her. He almost did everything as she said. However, the person that Sophia had originally fallen in love with was not William, but Richard.
	But at that time, Richard loved Allison, so Sophia gave up and did not continue. But now, Richard suddenly changed and became interested in Amy, who was so ordinary. She did not expect this at all. In addition, Amy was not even a virgin before they got married. Why did Richard still regard her as his treasure? Sophia was even angrier when thinking of this.
	"Dear, just tell me if you want anything. I will try my best to satisfy you. I won’t let my wife suffer any losses." William treated Sophia so well because when Sophia slept with him on their wedding night, she was still a virgin.
	There weren't many girls as chaste as like her now, so he cherished her very much. He didn't necessarily want a virgin to be his wife, but he thought Sophia was very pure, which was something a man could show off.
	"I know. You are always so nice. Darling, I'm tired. I want to rest now." Sophia smiled at William.
	She wanted to be closer to Richard, so she married William. Among the three brothers in the Carter family, William was the most ordinary one. He wore a pair of glasses and looked very gentle.
	"Alright, you go rest. I'll watch the news for a while." William smiled at his wife, and then Sophia went back to the bedroom.
	William looked at her back and felt extremely satisfied. With such an outstanding wife, he must give her the best. He must fight for a bright future for his wife and him against Richard!
	*****
	Amy got off the car and walked towards the teahouse. She happened to see Gina who was walking in a hurry. Just now, while Gina was taking out something from her bag, a piece of paper fell on the ground.
	Amy walked over and picked it up. She wanted to stop Gina, but Gina left very quickly, so Amy had to give up.
	She unfolded it and looked at it. There were two pieces of paper. One was about the abortion in the hospital, and the other was a hymen repair surgery record. The name on both sheets was Sophia White.
	Amy felt that it was very strange. Why did these fall out of Gina's bag? She was confused and just put them in her bag. Then she went to see Cathy.
	John knew that Amy got divorced before and then married Richard.
	He felt very uncomfortable, and he had a problem with Amy.
	However, Richard and Cathy explained everything to him. Richard even told John that he had sex with Amy on her wedding night. Only then did John feel happy again.
	However, John felt embarrassed to admit his mistake to Amy considering his age and identify. So he asked Cathy to be here and help him.
	After entering the private room, Amy saw that Cathy was already waiting there.
	"Mom, you came so early. Actually, I planned to come early as well. But I didn't expect you to be earlier than me." Amy put her bag aside and took the teacup that Cathy handed to her.
	Cathy's brewing technique was very good. The tea she brewed smelt quite good.
	"You have your work to deal with. I have nothing to do, so I came earlier." Cathy pushed the snacks over to Amy as well.
	"Mom, do you have anything to tell me?" Amy tasted the snacks and looked at Cathy, who would not invite her here for no reason.
	"Well, I do have something to tell you." Cathy smiled and said to Amy.
	They talked for a long time, and it was getting dark. Amy hesitated for a while and wondered whether she should take out the paper dropped by Gina and give it to Cathy.
	Anyway, it should be Sophia's privacy. It was not good for Cathy, who was Sophia's mother-in-law, to know about it.
	Amy thought for a moment and didn't take it out.
	*****
	"Gina, you liar. Didn't you say that you would bring me the things I wanted as long as I helped you?" Sophia threw the teacup at Gina.
	"Sophia, don't be angry. I indeed brought it with me today, but I didn't know what happened. I can't find it now." Gina was sweating.
	Sophia's name was on the paper. If someone picked it up and told William, Sophia would lose everything.
	"You just want to continue blackmailing me, right? So shameless! I'm telling you, Gina. I can tell them that you faked all those things. Anyone in the hospital can do that." Sophia was furious.
	Gina was very helpless. She did put that in her bag, but she did not know when it disappeared.
	"Sophia, I'll go back and look for it. I don't want to blackmail you anymore. I really want to give it to you. Please believe me." Gina had no other choice. It was indeed gone.
	"I will never trust you again," Sophia almost overturned the table. How dare Gina plot against her? She would get what she deserved.
	Sophia left angrily. Gina continued searching her bag, but she didn't find it either. Damn. This time, Sophia would never forgive her.
Chapter 127 Move to the Carter’s Mansion
	"Amy, mom told us to move back. What do you think?" It suddenly occurred to Richard while he was taking a bath. His mother had called him today and asked him about it.
	"I don't think it is a good idea." Amy felt very nervous. There were so many people in that family that she was afraid that she would not be able to get along with them.
	"Mom said it was Grandpa's idea. Grandpa is going to be eighty years old soon. He really wants to be accompanied by all of us. Forget it. We can just stay here if you don't want to." Richard was a filial man, but he didn’t want to force Amy to move back.
	Now Amy was in a dilemma. That was Grandpa's idea. Grandpa would be unhappy if she didn't come back.
	Right now she really enjoyed herself living with Richard alone! If she returned, she had to deal with so many people, especially Janice and Sophia.
	"It's fine. Don't think about it. You have your reasons. I won't force you." Richard came out of the bathroom and saw that Amy looked so worried.
	Men were usually busy earning money to support their families, so they didn't pay attention to the disputes among women. They definitely had no idea how terrifying it was.
	Amy thought it over and felt that since Sophia was already living in the mansion, people might talk if she did not come back. Besides, Grandpa and Cathy might feel awkward.
	"Let's go back. After all, I am the daughter-in-law of the Carter family." Amy made up her mind. She had to cope with those disputes. She could also try to avoid them if she could not deal with them smoothly.
	"How nice you are! I'm gonna kiss you, my darling." Richard secretly hoped that Amy could return with him. He believed that once they moved back, more people would help take care of Amy and grandpa would also be happier, so as to live longer.
	After they made the decision, Richard called Cathy and told her to make some preparations. They only took some daily essentials instead of all things since they might come back for vacation.
	Knowing this, Cathy was so happy. She finally got someone to talk with at home and she wouldn’t feel lonely anymore.
	The day Richard and Amy moved back, the Carters had mixed feelings. Someone got angry, while others were really happy.
	"William, I used to help Mom with the housework. Now that Amy is back, she will definitely replace me! She is Mom's real daughter-in-law after all." Sophia started to complain to William.
	"Don't worry, honey, your ability is praised by grandpa. No one will take your place." William comforted Sophia.
	"When can I get the family heirloom, that jade bracelet from Cathy? If I get it, I will be afraid of nothing." Sophia longed for the jade bracelet very much, but Cathy had never taken it out.
	"Honey, if you want a jade bracelet, I'll buy one for you. Why do you want hers only?" William was clear that it would either be given to his older brother's wife or Richard's wife. Sophia was the last person for it.
	Since his older brother didn't get married, Amy was most likely to get the jade bracelet.
	"No. I want that jade bracelet only. What the hell do you know? Only the one who runs the household and family can have it. I'm so good at it, so I deserve it." Sophia felt that her husband was really cowardly. That was what she deserved. She was married into the Carter family the earliest.
	William had always doted on Sophia. He would follow whatever she said. However, he could not satisfy her this time.
	"Darling, I remember you said that you wanted a diamond necklace. We happen to have some in fashion. Do you want to have a look?" William changed the topic.
	"Really? That's great. Let's go now, otherwise it might be bought by others." Hearing that news, Sophia was very happy. She wanted to be the most attractive one.
	When Sophia and William reached the hall, Cathy and John were talking to Amy. They looked very close.
	Sophia snorted, and went out holding William's arm after greeting Cathy and Grandpa. She took a look and found that Cathy did not have anything for Amy.
	As long as Cathy didn't take out the jade bracelet, she believed that she had a chance. She did not know that the jade bracelet had been given to Amy.
	"Amy, I'm really happy that you can come back. You are so nice." John was glad as all the children were staying by his side.
	"Grandpa, we should be filial as we are your grandchildren. This is what we should do." Amy said humbly.
	She only had her father, and her grandparents had passed away before she was born.
	But John was so nice to her as if he were her grandpa as well.
	"Good." John nodded his head all the time. He almost wronged his good Amy.
	After talking for a while, John was tired and went to rest.
	There were only Cathy and Amy in the living room.
	"Amy, I'm so glad that you can come back. Tell me if anyone dares to bully you. I will always stand by you." Cathy assured Amy.
	"Thank you, Mom." Amy took out the gift for Cathy.
	"Mom, this scarf is for you. Do you like it?"
	"It's really beautiful. I like it so much." Oh, Amy was so sweet! Cathy was more certain that she made a right choice. Amy was the best daughter-in-law.
	"Amy, you might be tired. Go up and have a rest. I'm going to arrange for dinner. We should celebrate today. I'm so happy that you're here." It had been a busy day for Amy. Cathy cared about Amy and didn't want her to be so tired.
Chapter 128 Destiny
	"She's so arrogant. I can’t believe we are actually waiting for her to have breakfast." In the past, Sophia was the only daughter-in-law in the Carter family. John had always treated her well, so she became capricious.
	"Wait for a few minutes."
	Since John said this, Sophia had no choice but to wait. She felt that her status in the family was threatened.
	Amy didn't want to be late, but she wore a white skirt this morning. As she was about to come downstairs, she realized that her period came and stained the skirt. She had to go back to change her clothes and wash them. She asked Richard to go down first, but Richard insisted on waiting for her.
	When they came downstairs, Amy blushed when she saw everyone staring at her.
	"Sorry, there's something urgent." Amy explained.
	Richard took her to sit down. John didn't say anything since they had come down. Then they began to eat.
	After breakfast, Richard, Amy, and Hilary was ready go to work. William and Jacob also packed up and drove to the company. They were the managers of the branches, so they weren't working in the headquarters.
	"Jacob, Richard is married now. Why aren't you married yet?" William asked Jacob while he was walking to the car.
	"I haven't met someone that I love." Jacob said with a cold face. He did love someone, but she didn't like him.
	They got into the cars and left respectively. Jacob didn't feel quite good. He was the oldest son in the family, but all good things belonged to Richard. Even including women. He had loved Allison for many years but Richard just turned her down. 'Allison, I've loved you for so many years. Why can't you get over with Richard?' He thought to himself.
	However, just as Jacob was thinking about Allison, he received a phone call, and it was exactly Allison.
	"Was Grandpa unhappy just now?" Sitting in Richard's car, Amy was still worried.
	"No, Grandpa likes you the most. He definitely won't be angry with you. It's just that Sophia is getting a little impatient." Hilary explained to Amy.
	Actually, they didn't wait for a long time, only five minutes.
	"If Grandpa isn't angry, that's fine." Amy was only worried that Grandpa would get angry.
	When they arrived at the company, they went to their own seats. Today, another guest also came very early, who was quite annoying. And it was Kevin.
	"Hello! Good morning everyone." Kevin greeted them.
	Amy wanted to say something but was taken away by Richard. Kevin could only leave with Hilary.
	"Kevin, why are you here so early?" Hilary asked Kevin as she walked.
	"I came so early to see someone." Kevin said to Hilary.
	Last night, he looked at Hannah's necklace for a long time and always felt that it was very familiar.
	However, he couldn't recall where he had seen it before.
	He went to the bathroom and washed his face. Then all of a sudden, he knew where he had seen that necklace. So, he came to see Hannah early this morning. He hadn't fallen asleep for the whole night due to excitement.
	"To see someone? I think that person is definitely not me. Kevin, you are in the wrong place. The Marketing Department is over there." Pointing afar, Hilary said to Kevin.
	"That's right. Why should I go with you? I'm waiting for Hannah. Bye! I'm leaving." Kevin was so excited that he was even silly.
	Seeing that Kevin left without hesitation, Hilary pretended to be very sad and said, "How can you just drop your friend like this?" With that, she went to the secretariat.
	Hannah came to the company on time today. She arrived the gate of the HD Group at 8:50 a.m. and walked to the Marketing Department. It was 8:55 a.m. She often arrived at this time every day.
	But today, when she came to her seat, she saw Kevin sitting on her seat and waiting for her.
	She raised her hand and checked the watch. She was very punctual today and wasn't late.
	"You're not late." Kevin said to Hannah with certainty.
	"Why are you sitting on my seat? I thought you were here to take my place." Hannah put the things on the table and looked at Kevin.
	"Please sit down. I'm just tired of waiting for you and rest here." Kevin hurriedly stood up and let Hannah sit down.
	"Wait for me? Why are you waiting for me?" Hannah put all her things in order and was about to get some water, but there was already water in her cup.
	"I want to ask you something." Kevin stopped teasing her and spoke seriously.
	"Go ahead." Hannah said.
	"It's still about this necklace. Where did you get this?" Kevin took out the necklace and said to Hannah.
	"That's none of your business. Give it back to me!" Hannah's expression changed. She didn't know what was wrong with Kevin. He took her necklace and didn't return it.
	"I want to know the truth. Because when I was fifteen, I once lost such a necklace." Kevin took the necklace back.
	"You are crazy! I think you just want to know the secret about this necklace so much that you are losing your mind. I won't tell you." Hannah glared at Kevin.
	"No, I'm serious. I always feel that this necklace is very familiar to me. I just can't recall where I've seen it. Last night, I finally remembered that I lost it when I was 15." Kevin said seriously to Hannah.
	Hannah's heart beating so fast because of his words.
	When she picked up the necklace, it was indeed dropped by a young boy. That boy was so handsome. She rarely saw a boy as good-looking as her cousin.
	She wanted to return the necklace to the boy but was pushed away by the boy's bodyguards. When the boy got into the car, he smiled at her. That smile left a deep impression on her.
	"You lost it when you were fifteen? Where did you lose it?" Hannah couldn't stay calm. Could Kevin really be that boy?
	At that time, he was so good-looking, but now, she really didn't like him to be a slovenly person. He was so different from the past.
	"I had studied in the Fifth Middle School for a year. Maybe I lost it at that time. Afterwards, I went abroad." Kevin recalled the past.
	Hannah indeed picked it up at the Fifth Middle School. She was eight years old that year and was studying at the elementary school beside the Fifth Middle School.
	Really? Kevin was that boy? That was impossible! That was just so dramatic and unbelievable!
	"Please give me a few minutes. I need to calm down. Kevin, stay away from me for a while. I'm afraid I'll go crazy and hurt you."
Chapter 129 The Mysterious President
	It was difficult for Hannah to accept the fact that Kevin was the boy in her memory! That boy was always so special in her heart. However, now a handsome and mature man stood in front of her and told her that he was the boy she had been looking for. Hannah was just overwhelmed by joy and surprise.
	Kevin finally told her and completely understood that Hannah couldn’t digest the fact in a minute. Just by putting himself in her shoes, he might go crazy at once.
	"Alright. I'm gonna go. Take it easy. You can keep the necklace." Kevin placed the necklace on the table and left.
	Hannah nearly freaked out. 'What the hell is going on? Oh my god. Who can help me?' The good-looking boy in her memory just stood before her. That handsome boy she always dreamed of was Kevin!
	Kevin was a notorious playboy in R City. Hannah picked up the necklace and looked at it. After all, she kept it for so many years. She didn’t want to throw it away.
	But if she kept it, it constantly reminded her of that playboy.
	After thinking for a while, Hannah still held the necklace tightly in her hand. She felt kind of attached to it. She was reluctant to say goodbye to the boy in her memory. Hannah comforted herself by seeing Kevin and that boy as two different people, so that the boy with a smile could still live in her memory.
	Now Hannah was relieved, so she put the necklace back.
	As she looked at the computer screen, she saw many messages from Hilary.
	"Hannah, why did Kevin want to see you? What can I do for you? If you need help, just call me."
	Hannah read the messages and smiled. She sent a smiling meme to Hilary and replied that she was fine. Kevin only came to see her and did not trouble her.
	"Hannah, come with me to HA Group today. We need to persuade them into adopting the building materials of our company. This is my proposal. Read it. We will set off soon." The director of the marketing department walked over and gave Hannah a document, asking her to have a quick read.
	So Hannah began to work. HA Group was the largest real estate developer in R City. Many building materials manufacturers scrambled to make a deal with HA Group.
	However, the president of HA Group was very shrewd. Legend had it that he did not come to the company quite often, so it was not easy to find him.
	The director said, "Hannah, you must do your best. If our company can make a deal with HA Group, the bonus we get could support the rest of our lives."
	"Alright, I will try my best." When Hannah heard this, she beamed with joy. She must work hard to get the bonus.
	They arrived at HA Group's headquarters by car.
	The Carters of HD Group showed off his wealth and status by locating the headquarters in the center of the city, while the president of HA Group kept low-key, building the headquarters in the suburbs.
	But the surrounding environment was quite good. There was only a tall building surrounded by beautiful green plants.
	As Hannah and the director walked into HA Group, a receptionist came to greet them.
	"Excuse me, what can I do for you?"
	"We want to see the president. We have something to talk with him." The director told the receptionist the purpose of their visit.
	"You could only see our president by making an appointment first. Do you have an appointment?" The receptionist led Hannah and the director to the waiting room and offered them some tea.
	"No. But we are from HD Group and have business to talk with your president." The director indeed did not make an appointment with the president in advance. But how could he make one with a person who even did not show up at his own company?
	He came over with Hannah today, only because he got the news from an insider that the president was at HA Group's headquarters today.
	"I'm sorry. You can't see our president without an appointment. Besides, our president will meet the president of Dudley Group today. Others have to wait. Our president is very busy," The receptionist explained to Hannah and the director.
	She meant that they wouldn't see the president without an appointment.
	"Miss, please do us a favor. We really have something important to talk with your president," the director said to the receptionist.
	However, the receptionist was arrogant. She was new here and never heard of HD Group. Seeing these two people keep asking to see their president, she became even more impatient.
	"I told you that you couldn’t see our president. Not anyone can see our president!" The receptionist didn't want to talk to Hannah and the director anymore, so she turned around and left.
	"We didn't make an appointment. No wonder they refused us. Maybe we can come here next time after making an appointment." Hannah wanted to leave.
	"It is said that the president is very lazy. He seldom show up at the company and thus it’s very difficult for us to find him." The director also felt helpless. He had cooperated with many companies before, but he never made a deal with HA Group. That was a challenge for him.
	"We can wait until he comes up. You can go back now if you busy. The receptionist said that their president was indeed at the company today. I can wait for him at the parking lot. Anyway, he needs a car to take him home," Hannah said to the director.
	The director thought for a while. There was no better option. Besides, he still had a lot of things to deal with at the company, so he couldn't waste time here. Since Hannah proposed to wait for the president, he thought that it was not a bad idea for him to leave.
	"Alright. If you make the deal successfully, I promise I will give you an increase in your bonus." The director was satisfied with Hannah's suggestion.
	Although Hannah had a bad temper, she was good at her work. She managed to make deals with many picky clients, so the director came to HA Group with her.
	Before he left, the director told Hannah not to lose her temper and remember that it was their company that asked HA Group for help now.
	Hannah agreed. When did she ever lose her temper in business? She became furious only when some clients wanted to flirt with her.
	After the director left, Hannah went to the parking lot and waited for the president of HA Group.
	It was lunch time, and employees came out one after another. Those who wanted to go home on lunch break drove their cars away.
	However, she didn't see anyone looking like the president come out.
	It was said that the president's car was a red Ferrari. Hannah looked around, but didn't find the Ferrari.
	Hannah's legs were numb after she stood for a long time. Suddenly, someone called her name. "Hannah? What are you doing here?"
Chapter 130 The President of HA Group
	While Hannah was waiting for the president of HA Group at the parking lot, she heard someone calling her. She instantly knew who he was since she was so familiar with his voice. Hannah just told him to get away early this morning. She didn't expect to meet him here again.
	"Mr. Kevin, what a coincidence. Are you here to see the president of HA Group too?" Hannah put on a smile immediately. She'd better be friendly to people while she was working.
	Kevin smiled as he heard that Hannah wanted to see the president of HA Group.
	"I'm not here to see him. I just stopped by. By the way, I can take you home. It's not easy to hail a taxi here. If you don't take my car, you have to wait for a long time before the bus comes." Kevin advised Hannah to get in his car with good intentions.
	Hearing his words, Hannah realized that she was in the suburbs now. Besides, the director drove the car away just now. It seemed that she had no option but to take Kevin's car.
	"Mr. Kevin, could you wait for a while? I want to stay until the president comes out. I need to tell him something very important." Hannah was in a dilemma now.
	"Don't wait for him. He will not come out. But you can talk with me. It will be the same." Kevin pulled Hannah into the car.
	"I've been waiting for a long time. My legs are numb. So just wait a bit longer, please?" Hannah said in a soft and sweet voice. Her helpless expression made Kevin burst into laughter.
	"Let's go. It's time to have lunch. Now you should have lunch with me and I'll take you to see the president after lunch. How about this?" Kevin said to Hannah.
	At this moment, Hannah's tummy started to rumble.
	"Alright. Remember to take me to see the president after lunch." Hannah was also hungry. It was not bad to have a free lunch.
	So Hannah got in Kevin's car and went back to the downtown.
	"The same dishes as usual and one ice cream for desert." Kevin brought Hannah to the private room and ordered something.
	"Don't order too much. I'm afraid we couldn't eat them all." When Hannah heard "the same dishes as usual", she thought there must be a lot.
	"Then no ice cream?" Kevin asked.
	"I want it." Ice cream was Hannah's favorite. She didn't care about other dishes, but ice cream must be ordered.
	As the waiter took the order and left, Kevin began to chat with Hannah.
	"Hannah, what do you want from the president? What's the matter?"
	"The president of HA Group is the property tycoon. Our company wants to persuade him into using building materials supplied by us. The director told me to handle it, but I don’t have confidence. Although HA Group is the bee's knees, it was set up only a few years ago. Even few people know what their president looks like. I only know that his car is a red Ferrari." Hannah said with no confidence in her voice.
	She even didn't know what the president looked like. How could she manage to make an appointment and talk with him?
	"I have a red Ferrari." Kevin gave Hannah a hint.
	"It's normal for a rich man like you to have such a luxury car. I'm thinking that there might be many people in the city who have this kind of cars. I can't just stop them and ask if they are the president of HA Group, right?" It didn't immediately occur to Hannah that the president of HA Group was possibly Kevin.
	Kevin smiled faintly. She was so cute. He didn't know what Hannah was thinking. The answer was so obvious, but she never thought that he could be the president of HA Group.
	The dishes were served soon. Kevin put all the delicious dishes closer to Hannah.
	Hannah was so hungry, so she began to eat. While eating, she was still thinking what she could do in the afternoon.
	"Mr. Kevin, do you know the president of HA Group?" After eating for a while, Hannah suddenly remembered that Kevin promised to take her to the president in the afternoon.
	"Sort of." Kevin replied in a humble way.
	"What do you mean by 'sort of'? Do you know him or not?" Hannah asked anxiously.
	'Please don't waste my time if you don't know him. I want to get a higher salary at the end of this month by making the deal.'
	"I know him. Hannah, how did you do at school?" Kevin worried that Hannah was kinda stupid, but it was not a bad thing. At least, she wouldn't be scheming.
	"Not bad. Although my grades were not as good as Amy's, I was average. Why did you ask me that?" Hannah felt it strange.
	Kevin didn't say anything. He left everything tasty to Hannah, and only ate something that Hannah didn't like.
	"Alright, I'm full. Mr. Kevin, take me to the president. By the way, is the president a man or a woman? What should I call, him or her?" Hannah asked Kevin about the president.
	"It's fine. You'll know his name soon. We just finished lunch. Take a rest now. The president also needs to rest. I'll take you somewhere to have a rest. The president will be there, too. We'll wait for him there." Seeing Hannah's anxious expression, Kevin did not expect that she took her work so seriously.
	"That's great. I'm a little drowsy now. I'll go with you." Hannah completely let down her guard and trusted Kevin wholeheartedly.
	Kevin brought her to a club where even rich people might not be allowed in.
	Hannah had never been to such a classy club before. She followed behind Kevin and looked around. She was curious about everything.
	"Come in and get some sleep. I have to go and talk about business. If the president comes, I'll call you." Kevin said to Hannah.
	He took her into a lounge.
	The lounge was luxurious. Hannah was satisfied with everything there, especially the big bed. There was also a big transparent refrigerator. It was easy for her to choose what she wanted to eat.
	Kevin told Hannah something and then he went out. In fact, he said nothing but asked her to eat whatever she wanted and have some sleep. Also, he told her not to worry and he would arrange everything for her.
	The fresh fruits made her mouth water. Hannah opened the refrigerator and took the mango and mangosteen out.
	After eating, she felt really sleepy and got to bed.
	'It is so good to know Kevin. He could help me meet the president of HA Group. That's great.' Hannah fell asleep with a smile on her face.
Chapter 131 Hannah Becomes Regretful
	Hannah didn't know how long she had been asleep. She didn't wake up until Kevin called her a few times outside the door.
	"Mr. Smith, is the boss of HA Group available?" Hannah asked as soon as she opened her eyes.
	She just had a dream, in which Kevin was the boss of HA Group, and he signed all the contracts quickly. What a funny dream.
	"Yes, he is. Get yourself ready and come with me. I'm waiting for you outside," Kevin said to Hannah.
	"No problem. I'll be ready in a minute." Hannah hurriedly got out of bed, put on her shoes, and tidied up her clothes and hair. She also put on some lipstick.
	She looked at herself in the mirror. Although she wasn't the dazzling type, her face was quite eye-pleasing. She believed she would leave a good impression on the president of HA Group.
	She opened the door to see Kevin waiting outside. Hannah smiled at him. After what had happened this morning, Hannah felt a little awkward when facing Kevin.
	"Ready? Then let's go," Kevin said.
	"Okay." Hannah followed Kevin to a room. This room was large, and drinks were ready inside, waiting for them to have a business talk.
	"Sit please. Try some tea," Kevin asked Hannah to have some tea and sat opposite her.
	Hannah took a sip of tea and found it delicious. However, at this time, she was not in the mood to enjoy the tea. She was here for the business negotiation. She needed to get the contract signed.
	Hannah was a little angry as she found no sign of the president of HA Group in the room.
	"Mr. Smith, I'm sorry about this morning, but that doesn't give you any excuse to make fun of me. Where is the president of HA Group?" Hannah was certain that she got tricked since there was no sign of anyone else.
	"Can't you see that I'm sitting right here?" Kevin pointed at himself.
	"You? Yeah, you're here, but you're not the president of HA Group. Why should I talk to you? Can you make the decision for HA Group?" Hannah looked at Kevin with disdain.
	Everyone knew that Kevin was just a playboy, and his father couldn't trust him with the Smith's Beauty Salon.
	When Kevin saw Hannah's expression, he pulled a wry face. She would rather believe the rumors than what she saw with her own eyes.
	"Hannah, I am the president of HA Group. If you want to talk, you can start right now. My time is precious," Kevin said with a stern face.
	Hannah sat upright at this time. She didn't buy the crap that Kevin was the president of HA Group. If his time was that precious, why would he go to HD Group for her early in the morning?
	"Come on. It's not funny at all. I know you can't convince the president of HA Group to meet me, and I don't blame you. Anyway, I have time tomorrow. I can go wait for him." Hannah stood up, picked up her handbag and was ready to leave.
	"Alright, go ahead and continue waiting there tomorrow." Kevin didn't want to say anything else. Anyway, she was not going to believe him. Now that she'd turned down the opportunity he offered, he wouldn't mind letting her learn a lesson.
	Hannah left. She cursed at Kevin as she walked away. This man had wasted her an entire day for nothing.
	She took a taxi and was ready to return to HD Group. Obviously, she wouldn't be able to make any progress today.
	As soon as she got into the car, Hannah received a phone call from the director, Cadman .
	"Hey, Hannah, how is it?" Cadman asked Hannah.
	"Don't mention it. I've made no progress at all," Hannah sighed, but she didn't shift the blame to Kevin.
	"It's alright. I've asked around and got something useful for you. The president of HA Group is named Kevin Smith. This information source is very reliable. Make good use of it," Cadman told Hannah what he had found out.
	"What? Ke ... Kevin ...?" Hannah stuttered in shock.
	"Kevin Smith. He's the eldest son of the Smith family. HA Group was founded by him, but he didn't tell it to the public." Cadman repeated Kevin's name to Hannah.
	'Oh no! Why didn't you call me earlier?' Hannah complained secretly. Given that she'd offended Kevin twice today, she figured she had lost the project already.
	Hannah did not want to go back. What should she do? The dream she had today turned out to be true - Kevin was indeed the president of HA Group.
	‘Hannah, how can you be so stupid? Your dream has told you everything. Why did you ignore the sign? Well now, you've pissed Kevin off, haven't you?’ Hannah muttered to herself in the car.
	However, regret wouldn't change anything. Now that she had offended him, she didn't want the project anymore. Regardless of how much money she could get from that project, she didn't want it anymore.
	"Hannah, you're back. Remember what I told you. That president's name is Kevin Smith." When Cadman saw Hannah, he hurriedly emphasized the name again, which he had spent a lot of efforts to find out.
	"There is something I need to tell you," Hannah said to Cadman.
	"What is it?" Cadman thought that Hannah was going to talk about the plan.
	"You should give the task to someone else. I can't do it. I'm not in my best state right now. I don't want the team to lose the project because of my poor performance," Hannah said.
	"What's wrong? If you're not feeling well, I'll have someone else do it. You've been out there all day. You must be suffering from heatstroke. Go take a rest." Cadman was very reasonable. Looking at Hannah's pale face, he guessed that she must be suffering from heatstroke.
	Hannah felt relieved to know that she didn't need to see Kevin again.
	*****
	"Amy, I'm going on a business trip. Next week is Grandpa's eighty-first birthday. Help me pick a present for him. I don't think I can make it back in time," Richard said to Amy. He had to go abroad and stay there for a while for something important.
	"Okay. I'll take care of it. Don't worry. We're all at home," said Amy. She knew Richard cared about his grandpa a lot.
	"I know I can trust you with this. I'm leaving tonight. I might not be able to see you at home. I have to go and fetch something first. The secretary will get my things for me. Please help me pack them up." After Richard finished, his landline rang. He told Amy he had to go and picked up the landline receiver.
Chapter 132 Birthday Party
	Richard didn't come back for John's birthday. The birthday party was very lively and many people came to congratulate John on his birthday.
	Mr. Newell came to the birthday party with his wife. Since Mr. Newell had come, there was no reason for others to refuse.
	Halbert and Richard weren't here today, so William and Jacob had to receive the guests. Cathy and her two daughters-in-law would arrange seats for them.
	Today, John was wearing a handsome suit, which made him look exceptionally energetic.
	Sitting in the hall, he was receiving everyone's wishes and grinning from ear to ear.
	The Newell couple were honored guests. Cathy seated them in the quietest place and asked Amy to greet them.
	"Mr. and Mrs. Newell, please come with me." Amy was wearing a purple dress today. Her hair was done in a bun and her beautiful neck was exposed.
	Sophia noticed that Mr. Newell kept looking at Amy. She guessed that Mr. Newell was interested in Amy and she planned to embarrass her.
	"Mr. and Mrs. Newell, please take a rest here. I will tell you when the dinner begins." Amy kept smiling and the Newells were fond of her.
	"What a good girl," Mr. Newell praised.
	"Mr. Newell, you're flattering me. Please take a rest. I'm going to meet the other guests," said Amy politely. She walked out to greet the other guests.
	"Jacob, Sophia, you're busy." Allison followed her family to the birthday party.
	Allison said hello to everyone and even gave Amy a special greeting. Although Allison was smiling, Amy felt chilly.
	Sophia arranged the seats for the Fields. Amy did not know where their seats were. In any case, she did not want to see Allison.
	As the dinner began, Amy went to invite Mr. and Mrs. Newell. When she walked out, she saw Jacob and Allison together. They looked very intimate.
	"Amy, I haven't seen you for a long time," Allison called out to Amy. Amy only nodded and continued her work.
	Allison pretended to feel wronged. Jacob looked coldly at Amy and thought that she had no manners at all.
	"Allison, don't mind her. She is from a lowly family and she is so rude." Jacob comforted Allison.
	"Will you tell Grandpa about our relationship later?" Allison asked shyly as she held Jacob's arm.
	"Yes. You're my girlfriend. I've wanted to tell everyone. I'll announce it at the dinner later." Jacob was in a particularly good mood today. He loved Allison and finally got her.
	"Jacob, you are so good to me," Allison said cheerfully and delighted Jacob.
	Amy had been married before and the Carters knew about it. However, Allison was different. She was pure and elegant, and Jacob was proud of that.
	"You deserve it. You are a good girl. I will be nice to you with all my life," Jacob swore to Allison.
	Allison covered his mouth and stopped him as if she were very concerned about him.
	As the dinner began, everyone toasted John's health. They said a lot of best wishes such as "many happy returns".
	In a good mood, John drank the glass of wine in one mouthful.
	At the dinner, Amy, Cathy, and Sophia were busy checking if all the dishes were served to the tables. There were too many people and a lot of dishes and they were afraid that something would go wrong.
	When the dishes were almost all served, they were about to take their seats. John's table was full. Allison was sitting beside Jacob and Amy had no seat.
	"Amy, we have a seat here." Mrs. Newell looked at Amy and beckoned her to sit down.
	Sophia saw that it was Mr. Newell who asked Mrs. Newell to call Amy. She was more certain that Mr. Newell was coveting Amy. So she worked out a plan.
	While everyone was eating, Jacob stood up.
	"Hello, everyone. Welcome to my grandfather's birthday party. On behalf of the Carters, I would like to express my gratitude to all of you." After he finished speaking, he drank his glass of wine. The other people followed.
	"Secondly, I'll tell you a piece of joyous news. From today onwards, I am not single anymore. I have a girlfriend. She is Miss Allison Field." Then, he drank another glass of wine.
	However, everyone was dumbfounded. Wasn't Allison the woman Richard had loved? Why did she become Jacob's girlfriend now? No one knew the complicated affairs of a wealthy family.
	Someone finished the glass and others followed.
	"Lastly, Best wishes to my grandfather. Many happy returns of the day!" Jacob was joyful and he livened things up with fine-sounding words.
	After he finished his three glasses of wine, the room became lively. Everyone was toasting and talking to each other.
	John was delighted when he heard that his eldest grandson had a girlfriend. However, he was surprised that it was Allison. What was going on with his grandsons? Forget it, he didn't want to meddle with their things.
	After taking some food, John was tired, so he went back to his room for a rest.
	The guest toasted Amy one after another. Amy did not drink wine but juice.
	Sophia also walked over to Amy. She had toasted the guests. Now she was going to toast Amy. Amy's glass happened to be empty.
	"Someone, bring me a drink," Sophia asked someone to bring another drink over and handed it to Amy.
	"Amy, we're family from now on. Let's forget about the old grudges. Here's a toast to you," said Sophia and she raised her glass. The glasses clinked and they finished drinking.
	After toasting, Sophia left Amy's table and returned to her seat to eat.
	Amy had drunk a lot of juice and wanted to go to the bathroom. When she stood up, she felt a little dizzy, so she clutched at the table for support.
Chapter 133 She Was Drugged
	"Miss Miller, are you sick?" Mr. Newell asked.
	"Oh, I'm fine. I'm just a little dizzy. Maybe I'm overjoyed." Amy did not think too much. She calmed herself down and smiled at Mr. Newell before going to the bathroom.
	After coming out of the bathroom, Amy felt that something was wrong with her. She was dizzy and her skin was burning up. She washed her face with cold water, but it was useless.
	"Miss Miller, Madam asked you to go to Room 808 to have a rest. She already went to rest." A waiter walked over and said to Amy.
	Amy nodded. She was sick and she really needed to find a place to rest.
	She turned around and took the elevator to the eighth floor.
	As soon as she reached Room 808, she pushed open the door eagerly. She felt so dizzy and so hot. She was very thirsty and wanted to drink some water.
	Why did she feel so similar, just like she did on the wedding night? Was she drugged again?
	Amy had a horrible feeling. She wanted to leave, but she found that the door had been locked. A sound of water came from the bathroom. There was already someone in this room.
	Obviously, she was set up. Although she was getting more and more dizzy, she didn't panic. She bit her finger to stay sober. She bit herself so hard that her finger was bleeding.
	She looked vigilantly at the bathroom door. She didn't know who was in the bathroom and was thinking about how to escape.
	Seeing that there was an ashtray on the coffee table, Amy walked over to get it. Her legs were so weak now. As soon as she approached the coffee table with great difficulty, she tightly held the ashtray in her hands.
	The sound of water stopped. The person inside seemed to be coming out. Sure enough, the bathroom door opened and a man walked out. He wore a simple T-shirt and shorts, water dripping from his hair.
	Amy almost fainted. Her vision was blurred. Even if she bit her finger hard, she couldn't stay sober in pain.
	"Miss Miller?" When the man saw Amy in the room, he was very surprised. The most surprising thing was that Amy was holding an ashtray and she was not in her right mind.
	"Miss Miller, Miss Miller, what's wrong with you?" The man squatted down and helped Amy up.
	"Don't come near me. Keep away from me," said Amy with all her strength. She was warning the man, but her voice was soft and seducing.
	"Oh, you have a fever." The man touched Amy's forehead and felt that her skin was burning. And then he was shocked by what Amy did.
	Amy could no longer control herself. She was getting hornier and hornier. She wanted to tear open her clothes. She felt so hot that she urgently needed something cold. It happened that this man's body was cold after bathing.
	When the man saw Amy leaning over to him, he knew that something was wrong. Someone had drugged Amy. He was also shocked that someone had the nerve to drug Amy and set them up.
	The man carried Amy to the bed. Seeing that she was sick and trying to seduce him, he tore apart the sheet and tied her up.
	"Oh, I feel so bad. I'm sick," Amy muttered softly.
	The man's eyes were filled with hatred. Just as he tied Amy up, someone knocked on the door. He was about to open the door, but he found that the door was locked. He was getting more furious.
	With a loud noise, the door was broken. A group of people rushed into the room, including Cathy, Mrs. Newell, Jacob, William, Allison, Sophia, and many reporters.
	This scene was once a painful memory for Amy. She didn't expect that it happened again. When she saw it, she shed tears.
	"Amy, what happened? What's going on?" Mrs. Newell did not fight with Mr. Newell and Amy. Instead, she ran to Amy and looked at her with concern.
	"She was drugged. Are you here to catch us sleeping together?" The man was Mr. Newell. He was livid with rage.
	Cathy walked forward and looked at Amy who was still in her clothes and tied on the bed. Cathy looked at Mr. Newell gratefully.
	"Mr. Newell, why are you in this room with Amy? What are you doing?" The other people asked Mr. Newell who noticed that Sophia was gloating.
	Mr. Newell thought that the waiter must have deliberately spilled the soup on him just now. So he was asked to go up to take a shower and wait for his clothes to be dry-cleaned. It turned out that he and Amy were set up. However, they were wrong about him.
	"What am I doing? You have seen it, haven't you? You're a reporter, right? Show me what you took." Mr. Newell was tall and strong. He walked towards a reporter and reached out his hand. He was so aggressive that the reporter could only hand over the camera.
	The reporter stuttered, "We haven't taken anything useful yet. We just took a photo of your face and the young lady on the bed."
	Mr. Newell checked other reporters' cameras and found no useful photos. They took no essential photos to make up the scandal.
	"Oh, I'm quite handsome in the photo. You can make it a headline. I've remembered your company now. Do you want to take a few more? I can put on a good posture." As Mr. Newell spoke, Mrs. Newell knew that he was angry.
	"No, no, no, we're not taking photos anymore. It's all a misunderstanding." The reporters of the tabloid newspapers all ran away one after another. They had no substantial photos. If their newspaper was banned, their bosses would kill them.
	"Oh, what happened to Amy? Who tied her on the bed?" Sophia pulled Allison over. She was happy to see Amy feel painful on the bed.
	"Go and get a doctor," Mr. Newell said to a waiter.
	The waiter quickly went to find the doctor.
	Sophia thought she could enjoy the show, but it was ruined by Mr. Newell. She thought that Mrs. Newell was really useless. She planned this and asked Mrs. Newell to catch them being together, but the latter was concerned about Amy. Why didn’t Mrs. Newell just slap Amy in the face? What a pity!
	Just as Sophia was thinking, she did hear the sound of slapping.
Chapter 134 The White Group Went Bankrupt
	Sophia had heard a slap when she was thinking. However, it wasn't Amy that had been hit, but Sophia herself.
	"Why did you hit my wife?" William was unhappy to see Mrs. Newell slap his wife.
	"Who are you? You are lucky that I only slapped her instead of suing her. It was her who told me that Mr. Newell and a woman were upstairs. It's obvious that she planned all this." Mrs. Newell said to William with disdain.
	William didn't reply. He knew how powerful the Newell Group was at home and abroad, and what Mrs. Newell said seemed quite reasonable.
	"It's not me. I just heard it from someone. How can you accuse me?" Sophia cried. It killed William to see her sad face.
	"You heard it? If I'm not mistaken, your family name is White, right? Ms. White, why did you bring so many people here for a rumor? Do you think we're all idiots? I don't believe you didn't arrange it!" Seeing that the doctor was here, Mrs. Newell let him in but stopped Sophia at the door to teach her a lesson.
	"Mrs. Newell, please, come in and calm down." Cathy was irritated as well, but this was a family scandal. It was really a disgrace for one of her daughters-in-law to plot against the other.
	"All of you, go out. If something like this happens again, I will have to punish the culprit." The two sons of Halbert's ex-wife were a pain in the neck for Cathy.
	Sophia wanted to say something else, but she was pulled away by William. William knew that Sophia had done it. However, she was his wife. He had always doted on Sophia, so he didn't say anything.
	"William, do you believe me? I didn't do it." Sophia still wanted her husband to believe in her kindness.
	William didn't know what to say, so he just nodded.
	"I believe you." He held Sophia in his arms. Sophia was extremely annoyed. She had thought that she could definitely take down Amy this time, but she didn't expect Mr. Newell to be such a gentleman.
	Mrs. Newell was weird. She didn't even ask her husband why he was here with Amy but instead walked straight towards Amy. Was there something more she didn’t know?
	"Darling, why is Mrs. Newell so nice to Amy? She looks so nervous as if Amy were her own daughter." Sophia asked William as she couldn't figure it out.
	William didn't understand either. "Perhaps Mrs. Newell has other plots that we don't know. Forget it, honey, don't overthink it. Overthinking will age you. If you get old, you won't be beautiful." William always liked to say so.
	"What? Am I getting old?" This was William's most successful trick. Every time he said so, Sophia would look in the mirror for a very long time, and he could enjoy the quiet again.
	If Mrs. Newell really had any other thoughts about Amy, the White Group would definitely suffer as Sophia had offended Mrs. Newell.
	Thinking of this, William felt that he should warn her father-in-law. Recently, the Wilson Group had offended Mrs. Newell somehow, and the latter called off the project on which they had worked together.
	"It's alright. William, we never work with the Newell Group. She can't make things difficult for me." Damian, William's father-in-law, had a disdainful look on his face. His company wasn't big, and it had nothing to do with the Newell Group yet.
	"I hope so. Anyway, you just have to be careful." William knew that the Newell Group was too small to have anything to do with the White Group.
	Not even half an hour after the call with Damian, Sophia came crying to see William.
	"William, what's going on? The White Group's share price plunged, and it will soon go bankrupt."
	Oh lord! This was just too soon. He just called his father-in-law half an hour earlier. Except for the Newell Group, only the Carter Group could be able to do this.
	"Honey, calm down. Leave it to me." William had got his hands tied. The Newell Group and the Carter Group were on par, but in fact the Newell was better slightly.
	Besides, William wasn’t that powerful in the Carter Group. He was only the manager of a branch, and he couldn't save the White Group.
	"Come on, do something." Sophia urged William while Damian called.
	"William, William, you must save our company. It's going to be bankrupt soon. The stock prices collapsed." Damian didn't care if he was mortified but begged William.
	"Damian, I'm sorry, there's nothing I can help." After thinking for a while, William felt that he was unable to help. It might be better if Richard were here, but Sophia was scheming against Richard's wife today, so he would not help either.
	Well, Sophia asked for it. William did not dare to say it out because he loved her too much.
	"Why not? You're one of the Carters. Why can't the Carters save us? You don't want to save us, do you? I really shouldn't have married my daughter to you!" Damian was angry. He was willing to kneel to anyone who was able to save his company.
	An hour later, everything was settled. The White Group had disappeared from R City completely.
	As John's birthday banquet was over, many people left happily. On such an occasion, many of them had took the chance and made big deals.
	Yet, some people were helpless. This banquet was really a surprise.
	"Honey, say something," William urged Sophia.
	"William, what else do you want me to say? My family went bankrupt just like that, but as a Carter, there's nothing you can do about it. What else can I say?" Sophia looked at William resentfully.
	William felt embarrassed for his current identity, but it didn't matter. He believed that it wouldn't be long before everyone looked up to him.
	He couldn't tell Sophia about this. He wanted to give her a surprise.
	"Alright, don't say anything if you don't want to. No matter what you do, I am always here for you." William embraced Sophia, wanting to give her a sense of security, but Sophia was disgusted by his action.
Chapter 135 Hilary Is So Gossipy
	Amy had no idea what had happened to White Group. She was still lying in Room 808 put on a drip.
	Mr. Newell and Mrs. Newell kept Amy company all the way, which moved Amy and Cathy.
	"Mr. and Mrs. Newell, thank you so much for what happened today. You've been busy for a whole day. Why don't you have a rest now?" Cathy said to the couple.
	"We are fine. Fortunately, we didn't do Miss Miller wrong today. If we hurt her, we would feel sorry." Mr. and Mrs. Newell said politely.
	Cathy did not think too much. She felt that it was normal that Amy was liked by others since she was such a good girl.
	"Thank you. Right now, Amy is fine. Why don't you have a rest now?" The hotel was owned by the Carter family, which gave Sophia the chance to perform her scheme.
	"Thank you. But we should be back now. We are sorry to trouble you." Only then did the Newell couple remembered that they had been waiting here for hours.
	The couple stood up and were about to leave.
	Cathy sent the couple to the parking lot. She got along with Mrs. Newell, and they chatted happily. She also thanked Mrs. Newell for giving a lot of presents to her and Amy last time.
	Cathy made an appointment with Mrs. Newell that they would have some tea together someday.
	*****
	Amy felt that the fever was gone. She felt much better and fell asleep.
	When she returned, Cathy saw that Amy was asleep. She closed the door and leaned against the sofa to look after Amy.
	It must be Sophia’s scheme, as Mrs. Newell had said. Amy had just married into the Carter family, and she seemed not to have any grudges against Sophia. But why did Sophia set Amy up in such a vicious way?
	Cathy did not like the two sons of Halbert's ex-wife. She was very kind to them, but they had always been very hostile towards her, especially towards her own children. The two sons always felt that Richard had stolen their things.
	Once, Jacob and William refused to admit that Richard was better than them. John took a fair method that Jacob and William should run the company alone for half a year. As a result, they almost ruined the HD Group. Only then did they admit that they were inferior to Richard.
	Thinking of Halbert, Cathy was still very angry. Grandma Eva never liked her, and always believed that Addy, William and Jacob's mother was the hostess of the Carter family. So even if she was sick, Grandma Eva would rather ask Addy to look after her.
	Cathy felt very aggrieved when she thought about it. Fortunately, her son was excellent. Although Grandma Eva did not like her, she was nice to her children. She even said HD Group must belong to Richard.
	As her mind wandered, Cathy looked at the drip bottle again and found that there was no liquid left. She hurriedly turned off the valve, and then went out to call the doctor over.
	At this time, Amy also woke up. She was much better now and looked puzzled at the sight of Cathy who wore a guilty look.
	"Amy, I'm sorry. I almost fell asleep just now. Your blood was almost drawn out by the needle." Cathy was frank and just admitted her fault.
	"Mom, I am fine. It doesn't matter. The blood flowed into my body again." Amy smiled and comforted Cathy.
	Cathy also laughed. Amy was really a good girl. She didn't blame Cathy, but instead, tried to amuse Cathy after she encountered such a bad thing.
	"Amy, Sophia is..." Cathy didn't want to forgive Sophia, but Sophia was a member of the family after all. If they had a big conflict, John would be very sad.
	"Mom, you don't have to speak up for her." Amy put on a sullen look. It was really interesting that Gina and Sophia had used the same method to set her up.
	"I don't mean to speak up for her. Grandpa's condition is not very good. Although he looks healthy, he is sick now. I don't want you to make a fuss about it. As long as Grandpa doesn't find out, you can do whatever you want." Ever since she married into the Carter family, only John was kind to Cathy. So she respected him.
	Amy had thought that Cathy would ask her to forgive Sophia, but she never expected that Cathy was a reasonable woman. John was a good man, so Amy wouldn't bear to see his sad look. Amy would handle the thing properly.
	"Grandpa is sick?" Amy was shocked. John looked like a very healthy old man.
	"Yes, Grandpa's lung is not well. He feels pain at night. However, he doesn't tell us that. He might have a year left. So we try to satisfy all his needs. He can do whatever he wants, and we will try to make him happy." At this time, Cathy was about to cry.
	Amy didn't ask anymore. The old man had to suffer from illness at such an old age. He didn't want anyone to feel disturbed. What a good man he was!
	"Amy, I also heard a very strange thing. I don't know if it's true." After a moment of silence, Cathy suddenly remembered something she had heard when she went out.
	"Mom, what is it?" Amy looked at Amy strangely.
	"I heard that the White Group went bankrupt for no reason within an hour. It was a total failure." Cathy whispered to Amy.
	"How could this happen? Were there no signs before?" Amy also felt that it was very strange. Although the White Group wasn't a giant, it wasn't a small company, and it was even bigger than Miller Group in scale. How could it collapse within such a short time?
	"No, there are no signs at all. Everyone felt strange and are gossiping. I also find it weird too. However, it may collapse due to the poor management." Neither Cathy nor Amy thought of any other possibilities.
	Amy and Cathy started chatting in the room again until Hilary ran in.
	"Mom! Amy! Let me tell you something. The White Group went bankrupt within an hour or so. I even went to inquire about that. Do you guys know the reason behind it?" As she spoke, Hilary went to pick up Cathy's cup and took a big gulp of the water. Today, she had spent much energy in obtaining the first-hand information.
Chapter 136 Grandma Eva's Coming Back
	Amy and Cathy both looked at Hilary, looking forward to the explosive news she was going to tell them.
	Hilary drank the water and turned to Amy and her mother. She finally caught their attention.
	"What is it?" Cathy was impatient. Seeing that Hilary was still silent, she became anxious. When she was anxious, Hilary found she was needed!
	"Take it easy. Let me drink some water first, for my throat." Hilary took another sip of water.
	"Well, the White Group went bankrupt very quickly today! It only took an hour. The bankruptcy was so thorough that nothing was left. Many people thought that we, the Carter family did that. In R City, we are capable but have no reason to do that. Still, Sophia is a Carter, isn't she? Therefore, it can't be us.
	“So who was it? Very few families in R City are so powerful, but it couldn't be the Field family either. Since the White family is closely connected with the Field family, they will never do this.
	"Then who did it?" Hilary paused for another sip of water. She was indeed thirsty.
	"Who did it?" Cathy was curious, but Hilary stopped talking.
	"Mr. Newell," Hilary said mysteriously.
	"Mr. Newell? Impossible. He had been sitting here by Amy's side. He had never left. Neither of them had left." Cathy didn't believe it at all. How was that possible? How could he just sit here, doing nothing, and the White Group went bankrupt? It would need some super power.
	"It's the truth. I went outside to nose about it when I heard this. I even bribed an insider. He told me that the person who suppressed the stock was from the Newell Group." When Hilary saw that her mother did not believe her, she added the evidence she knew anxiously.
	Cathy and Amy looked at each other. No one could afford to offend Mr. Newell. Today, Sophia brought the disaster to her whole family for her offence to him. From now on, it seemed that they had to keep far away from him.
	"We believe you. In this city, other than us and the Field family, only the Newell Group is capable to do so." Cathy nodded.
	"Mom, but I think Mr. and Mrs. Newell are very sensible. If they were unreasonable, they would have come in to hit me directly today. But Mrs. Newell didn't do that. Instead, she just checked me first." Amy also felt the couple were very strange. Obviously, they were kind souls, but they did such a ruthless thing.
	"I can't figure it out either. But who cares? The White Group's tragedy has nothing to do with us. All we need is just to mind our own business, so don't worry so much." Cathy was careless about other families.
	The three of them returned home together and John had rested. Cathy had sealed the news, so he knew nothing about what had happened to his family.
	When Sophia came back, filled with anger, she felt that her husband was really a loser and she would be despised by those rich ladies in the future.
	Her family had gone bankrupt, but the Carters just stood by and laughed. No one lent a hand. Who did this to the White family? Could it be Mr. Newell? But he had been staying with Amy and hadn't left at all.
	This was truly weird. Who did this to the White Group?
	William was out, leaving Sophia alone in the house. She was watching TV alone in the living room.
	Seeing the three women giggling as they entered the house, she felt vexed. Why were they so happy when she was unhappy?
	"Mom, you're back?" Sophia suppressed her anger and greeted Cathy.
	"Yes." Cathy snorted, thinking that Sophia really had the cheek to sit in the living room at this moment.
	"I'll go and get you some water." Sophia stood up and poured water for them, as if nothing had happened.
	"Is she mad or something? As a Carter for two years, she has never poured water for me," Hilary said in disbelief.
	"I guess so. Sit down. She is pouring us some water, so we have to drink it." Cathy sat on the sofa and invited the two girls to sit beside her.
	"Mom, I am afraid it’s poisonous. Amy, don't tell me you're going to drink it. Today, you just survived her trap." Hilary refused and wanted to pull Amy away.
	"That's right. I won't, either. It will be too late when trouble really comes." Hilary's words reminded Cathy of what had happened today. She immediately stood up and they went to Amy's bedroom.
	When Sophia brought out three glasses of water, she saw no one in the living room. These women looked down on her increasingly, right? The White family had collapsed, so they treated her like shit.
	Sophia threw the glasses on the carpet and went back to her room.
	Richard rushed back. He already knew the White Group's bankruptcy and that it was done by Mr. Newell. But he thought it made sense. He would have done exactly the same to anyone who dared to ensnare him.
	Unlike many around him, Richard appreciated Mr. Newell, since great heroes thought alike.
	But now he came back with bad news.
	"Richard, welcome back. Your wife is deeply hurt. You must comfort her properly." Cathy's face lit up when she saw her son.
	"Yes, I see. I brought you all gifts." Richard smiled and asked his subordinates to give the gifts to everyone.
	"Where is Amy's gift?" Careless as she was, Hilary discovered that Amy did not have any gifts.
	"I'll give it to her later," Richard said with a smile.
	Cathy found that ever since he married Amy, she saw more smiles on Richard's cold face.
	"A secret gift," Hilary said discontentedly.
	"Mom, I have some news for you. Grandma gets well so Dad wants to bring her back. You can prepare her room first," Richard said to Cathy.
	Grandma Eva was an odd fish. She lived by herself with her daughter-in-law. Halbert had repeatedly asked her to live here, but she kept refusing. She and Grandpa John had always lived apart.
	It was interesting to know that she was coming here this time. What changed her mind?
Chapter 137 Miss Amy So Much
	When Cathy heard that Grandma Eva was moving in, she felt bothered. Grandma Eva and Cathy detested each other. They had never lived together, so both of them could have a peaceful life. But why did Grandma Eva decide to move back here now?
	"Will Addy come with Grandma Eva?" This was what Cathy was worried about the most. Grandma Eva had been taken care of by Halbert's ex-wife, Addy. If she was moving here, wouldn't she bring Addy along? How could they live in peace with each other here?
	"I really don't know yet. But don’t worry, mom. Amy and Hilary and I are here with you. They don't dare to bully you." Richard said.
	A man would never understand the war among women. Even if Cathy told Richard, he wouldn't understand. Thus, Cathy didn't want to tell more to him.
	Back then, Halbert divorced Addy due to personality incompatibility. After the divorce, Halbert met Cathy at a reception. He fell in love with Cathy at first sight. Then he chased after Cathy, got married and had a family with her.
	However, Grandma Eva insisted that Cathy was the one who seduced Halbert, so she and Cathy quarreled with each other once they met.
	"Alright, I'll make an arrangement. Grandma Eva doesn't want to live with Grandpa John, so I'll arrange a quieter place for her to recuperate." Cathy had no choice. Although Cathy did not like Grandma Eva, she was Halbert's mother. Cathy could only suppress the grievance.
	"Mom, you're so kind." Richard praised Cathy.
	Cathy was like a child in terms of character. If Cathy liked a person, she would share all good things with him. Otherwise, whatever that person had done, she wouldn't be satisfied.
	Then Richard pulled Amy and said to Cathy, "Mom, we're going upstairs for a rest and I will give Amy the present."
	"Okay, take a rest and then come down to dine later." Cathy was very happy to see Richard and Amy in a good relationship.
	Amy's face instantly turned rosy. Richard tightly pulled her upstairs with a parcel in his hand, which was the gift for Amy.
	Closing the door, Richard opened the mysterious gift. It was a German version of Gone with the Wind. Amy did yearn for this book, but it was out of print. She didn't expect Richard found it.
	"I didn't take it out before my mom just now because I was embarrassed. Because I knew she would say that the gift I bought for you was valueless. In her mind, nothing else can be considered as a gift, other than jewelry and jade or world-famous brands." Richard said to Amy.
	Amy stroked the book. She was touched since she just casually mentioned this book once, saying that she had looked for it for a long time but could not find it. She did not expect that Richard would take her words so seriously.
	"Do you like it?" Richard asked.
	"I like it so much." Amy had never worn jewelry because she did not like those things, but this gift made her pretty happy.
	"Don't you have anything to say if you like it?" Richard moved his face to Amy.
	Then Amy kissed Richard's face.
	Richard took advantage of the situation and just held her tightly. He put the book aside and caressed her gently. It had been so long since he left. He missed her very much.
	"It's daytime." Amy said nervously. What if someone came in?
	"It's fine. They all understand. Besides, I've locked the door. I know you are worried." Richard said as he took Amy's clothes off.
	Soon, Amy's clothes were taken off and they made love happily.
	Amy looked at Richard sleeping soundly beside her whose arms were around her.
	She carefully looked at Richard's face. His long eyelashes were so adorable and made her want to kiss him.
	Richard had a prominent nose as well as thin lips. His appearance was exquisite, and his skin was fair and tender. How could a man be so good-looking? His skin was even better than a woman's. Oh, it was unfair!
	Looking at Richard fondly, Amy couldn't help but reach out her hand to touch his face.
	"Do you like it?" Richard woke up but didn't open his eyes, and then he placed Amy's hand on his face, letting her touch his skin.
	"I like it." Amy answered honestly. She really liked it. It was smooth and tender, feeling nice to the touch.
	"If you like it, you can touch it for the rest of your life." Richard stretched out his long arms and firmly held Amy in his arms. Only by hugging Amy could Richard sleep soundly.
	Richard hugged Amy and thought that Amy must be tired for the wild sex, so he rubbed her waist thoughtfully.
	As Richard was massaging, Amy's tummy grumbled due to hunger.
	"Hungry?" Richard laughed.
	"Get up. I'll take you to a place after the meal." Richard kissed Amy's face and pulled her up.
	While dining, Amy felt that everyone was looking at her strangely. She felt that it was weird, but Richard was eating elegantly, and was very considerate to help her with the dishes.
	And Hilary was sniggering until Amy glared at her fiercely.
	After dining, Amy asked Hilary what was going on.
	Hilary pointed at Amy's neck and whispered, "There are hickeys." Amy blushed. Obviously, Richard had seen it, but he didn't tell her, which made a fool of her in front of everyone.
	"Richard, why didn't you tell me when you saw this on my neck? Why did you do this to me?" Amy grasped Richard's clothes angrily.
	Richard turned around and hugged her in his arms. "What's wrong with that? Isn’t it so natural since we are a couple? I'm crazy for you and want to leave this on your body. You don't like it?" Richard said plausibly.
	However, Amy felt embarrassed. She hurriedly went upstairs to find a silk scarf and wrapped it around her neck.
	A few days later, Halbert called Cathy that he was going to pick up Grandma Eva to move here, but he didn't mention Addy. Therefore, Cathy pretended that she knew nothing about it, saying they would talk about it when they arrived.
	Regarding Grandma Eva's arrival, everyone kept silent in the Carters, except William and Jacob, who were very happy. Even John did not look forward to seeing his wife very much.
Chapter 138 A Valuable Jade Bracelet
	Grandpa John wasn't happy, "She's fine in the country. What's she doing here? This stubborn woman now needs our money!"
	When Halbert and Addy divorced, Grandma Eva insisted on staying with her daughter-in-law. She said that she didn't need the money of the Carter family. And she wouldn't live with them.
	However, she changed her mind. Grandpa John looked down on such broken promises.
	"Dad, Mom probably missed us." Cathy tried to persuade Grandpa John.
	"That's impossible! The family all went to visit her during the Spring Festival! If she comes, we would suffer a lot." Grandpa John was clear about that. He knew his wife.
	Cathy didn't know what to say. No one seemed to like Grandma Eva.
	But her return was inevitable.
	Apart from Grandpa John, every one of the family was standing at the door to welcome Grandma Eva.
	The black Bentley eased into the yard. Halbert got off the car first, then he helped Grandma Eva out.
	Jacob and William supported Grandma Eva. Richard was not here. As for Amy and Hilary, they just stood where they were.
	Grandma Eva had white hair but was hale and hearty. She did not have many wrinkles and took great care of herself.
	But she was not that kind of old people. Her gaze was sharp. When she passed Amy and Hilary, she looked at them with disgust.
	"William and Jacob are still so caring. Unlike some people, they are now too proud to be polite!" When everyone was seated, Grandma Eva said suddenly.
	William, Jacob and Sophia were pleased to hear this, but Cathy was not.
	"Mom, you only have two arms. You don't need that much people to help you."
	Grandma Eva glared at Cathy. She now knew why Amy was so indifferent to her. It was because of Cathy! What a mother-in-law!
	"So many excuses." Grandma Eva said.
	Cathy wanted to explain, but Halbert signed her.
	"She has just recovered. Just stop." Halbert said softly.
	Grandma Eva came, and it was fortunate that she did not bring Addy over. Cathy felt a little better.
	"Where is that old jerk? Why doesn't he come to meet me?" Grandma Eva looked around and did not see Grandpa John.
	"Mom, Dad is in poor health. The doctor advised him to have more rest." Halbert explained.
	"I just came out of the hospital! And look at me! He just doesn't want to see me! That liar!" Grandma Eva was angry.
	The Carter family was big and wealthy. But Grandma Eva came from a peasant family. Her father helped the Carter family a lot. Therefore, Grandpa John's father let Grandpa John marry her.
	She pretended to be kind, but over time, her cynical nature was revealed. Thus, Grandma Eva and Grandpa John only had two sons and a daughter. After giving birth to a girl, Grandpa John never touched her again.
	Listening to Grandma Eva, Amy felt a little sympathetic towards Grandpa John. It was really hard to live with a wife like that.
	Halbert and Cathy then took Grandma Eva to her room.
	"You call this a room? You want me to stay here? What are you thinking about?" Grandma Eva looked at the room and started complaining.
	Actually, it was a clean and sunlit room. It was the best choice. But Cathy prepared the room and Grandma Eva didn't like her.
	"Mom, what's wrong with that? Just rest here. Cathy will prepare the food. William and Jacob, bring over all of your grandma's things. Amy, Sophia and Hilary, help your grandma clean her room." Halbert knew that his mother did not like Cathy, so he let Cathy go somewhere else.
	Everyone started to do their business. Grandma Eva stopped complaining when she saw Cathy leave.
	"Sophia, you are really nice and pretty. William is so lucky to have you." She liked Sophia because Sophia was Addy's daughter-in-law. Grandma Eva did not like anyone related to that Cathy.
	Amy and Hilary kept quiet and did their cleaning work.
	After the cleaning, Grandma Eva glanced at Sophia and praised, "You're really on the ball. Sophia, I didn't prepare much. Just take this." She deliberately gave Sophia her jade bracelet in front of Amy.
	Sophia actually did not like that bracelet. What she wanted was Cathy's bracelet which was a symbol of family dignity.
	But Sophia hid her feeling. It showed that Grandma Eva liked her, and did not like that Amy.
	"Thank you, Grandma. It is a beautiful gift." Sophia held the bracelet and showed it off in front of Amy.
	Amy did not react. She did not interested in these things.
	Hilary couldn't bear to see this stupid show.
	"Amy, why aren't you wearing the bracelet that Mom gave you?" Hilary said this on purpose. She wanted to remind Sophia that Amy's bracelet was more valuable.
	Sophia almost threw away that bracelet when she heard this.
	What? How could Amy own that bracelet? She, Sophia, was the first one to marry into the Carter family!
	Sophia stared at Amy with hate.
	"It looked very valuable, and I was afraid of breaking it." Amy answered honestly. She did not know that her bracelet was completely different from Sophia's.
	Hilary looked at Sophia's face and secretly smiled. Sophia always wanted that bracelet. She would be furious to know that it belonged to Amy now.
	But what Hilary done brought a lot of trouble to Amy. That greedy Sophia would do anything to achieve her goal.
Chapter 139 A Storm on the Dining Table
	"I'm so angry. I'm so angry." On returning to her room, Sophia casually threw the jade bracelet that Grandma Eva had given her onto the carpet. She even trampled on it.
	"What's wrong, my darling? Who pissed you off?" William pulled Sophia into his embrace.
	"People in your family are so annoying. I was the first who married into your family, but your stepmother gave Amy the jade bracelet that belongs to the family's matriarch. Your grandmother gave me this stupid jade bracelet as if it were precious. Is she trying to make a fool of me?" Sophia punched William in the chest with anger.
	"What? The matriarch's jade bracelet was given to Amy? This is truly outrageous. No wonder you're angry." William was also very angry. Didn't they say that everything would be fair? There was nothing fair in this. That jade bracelet was worth millions of dollars. Cathy just gave it away, and they didn't even know it.
	"Yeah, look at that stupid bracelet. Take it away from me. I don't want to see it anymore." Sophia kicked the bracelet again.
	William picked up the bracelet from Grandma Eva and took a look. Although it wasn't as valuable as the jade bracelet of the matriarch, it was still worth hundreds of thousands.
	"This jade bracelet is acceptable. It looks pretty good." William comforted his wife.
	"Take it away. Don't show it in front of me. Even though our White Group is bankrupt, you can't fool me with such a shitty thing." Sophia pushed away the jade bracelet in William's hand, and it fell to the ground again.
	"Alright, alright, I'll take it away. Away." William picked up the bracelet again and put it elsewhere. He carried Sophia to bed.
	"Amy, did you see Sophia's look afterwards? She must be pissed off. It's so funny." Hilary held Amy's arm and laughed wildly.
	"Look at you. Is it that funny? Look at your wrinkles from laughing." Amy touched Hilary's face and said to her. Sure enough, Hilary quickly stopped laughing.
	"Is that so? I've always thought my skin isn't as good as yours." Hilary nervously touched her own skin.
	"No, I was just joking. Let's go. Cathy is still waiting for us." After coming out of Grandma Eva's room, Hilary dragged Amy to a secluded place and had enough laughs there.
	"Oh, yes, I forgot that she is still waiting for us." Hilary followed Amy to find Cathy.
	Although Grandma Eva did not like Amy very much, Amy did not care too much. She had to work during the day anyway, so she would only see Grandma Eva for a little while at night. It was Cathy who had to suffer.
	Cathy had waited for Amy and Hilary for a long time. She was afraid that her children would suffer a loss. Grandma Eva had always been hostile to Cathy, so she wouldn't be nice to Cathy's children, especially Amy.
	"Mom, we're back." Hilary and Amy came back hand in hand. Seeing Cathy, Hilary ran into her arms and kissed her.
	"How is it? Your grandmother didn't make things difficult for you, did she?" Cathy saw that their looks were normal.
	"Is that possible? Amy and I are tired from helping her make the bed. But she only talked to Sophia, saying that Sophia was the most capable and obedient. She even gave Sophia a bracelet." Hilary complained to Cathy.
	"Oh? It seems that your grandmother is very rich, giving a bracelet at her will." Cathy was amused. 'Has she come to the Carter's mansion to show off her wealth? The Carter family in the R City and the Cameron family in City L are both the locally richest people, so she's literally teaching one's grandmother to suck eggs.'
	"Yes. I can't stand Sophia's complacent look, so I asked Amy why she didn't wear her jade bracelet. Sophia was so pissed off. I couldn't stop laughing at her look." Thinking about Sophia's expression, Hilary felt satisfied.
	"That's right, Amy, put on the bracelet I gave you. We the Carter family have a more precious jade bracelet." Cathy also felt satisfied. 'It's ridiculous for that old lady to show off her wealth here.'
	"Mom, I'm afraid it's not a good idea. I don't want to break it while wearing it." Amy said worriedly. Her jade bracelet looked very good, but she couldn't bear to wear it.
	"It's fine. How can it be so delicate? Just wear it." Cathy also wanted to vent her anger. 'My daughter-in-law can't be inferior to other people's daughters-in-law!'
	Persuaded by the mother and daughter, Amy agreed to wear the jade bracelet starting the next day.
	Since the food was prepared, Halbert asked Sophia to invite Grandma Eva over for dinner.
	The whole family gathered in the dining room, and the atmosphere was very lively.
	There weren't many members in Garry Carter's family. He was Halbert's younger brother. He and his wife had one son and one daughter. In contrast, in Halbert's family, there were many people, who took more than half of the seats.
	Grandma Eva did not like Cathy, and she liked Janice, Garry's wife, even less. The old lady was very snobbish. Although she did not like Cathy, she liked the Cameron family's money.
	In contrast, Janice spent a lot while she didn't have any money, and she was neither beautiful nor sweet. Therefore, Grandma Eva almost said nothing to Janice.
	Cathy had arranged the dishes on the table, which catered to everyone's taste. In this regard, Cathy was very thoughtful.
	Grandma Eva and Grandpa John sat together. Only then did the two of them meet.
	"You call this a dish? It's so salty." Grandma Eva took a bite of fried whitebait with scrambled eggs and commented.
	Then she ate a piece of meat and belittled it for being too greasy. Anyway, she complained about every bite she took.
	Even Grandpa John couldn't listen to her anymore.
	"If you don't want it, then don't eat it. So much nonsense. I think they're all delicious and the arrangements are very good." Grandpa John scolded Grandma Eva.
	When Grandma Eva heard her husband's words, she stopped. However, she didn't have any good expression as she ate.
	"Mom, it's probably been a long time since you've eaten our family's food, so you're not used to it. Our food is arranged by Cathy every day, and we all love it." At this time, Halbert also spoke up for his wife.
	A woman's position in the family was determined by her husband instead of other people.
	"What did I say? I just expressed my opinions, then all of you are blaming me. Do you despise me? I'm an old woman from the countryside, so I'm not used to the city food. Is that so? Really, my husband despises me, and my son too. I won't eat anymore!" Hearing Halbert's words, Grandma Eva threw her chopsticks on the dining table and stood up angrily.
Chapter 140 Sophia Stirred up Trouble
	Grandma Eva suddenly stood up, and everyone at the table looked at her.
	"Grandma, don't be angry. You’ve just recovered. Sit down and calm down." At this time, Sophia hurriedly walked over to Grandma Eva and helped her sit down.
	Grandma Eva felt relieved and liked Sophia even more. She thought highly of her own granddaughter-in-law. In her eyes, she only had a few grandsons and only treated Jacob’s and William's wives as her own granddaughters-in-law.
	"See, Sophia is so nice. I really love you for nothing." Grandma Eva scolded the people around her.
	Garry's wife curled her lips. What did Grandma Eva mean by saying that? Garry was brought up by a nanny. Only Halbert was brought up by Grandma Eva. However, the most ridiculous thing was that Grandma Eva even set Halbert up with one of her distant relatives, forcing him to marry her. That woman was so rustic that even Garry’s wife disliked her.
	Grandpa John didn't say anything else. Anyway, he didn't want to see Grandma Eva. After eating, he left with someone’s help.
	Grandma Eva and Sophia were chatting warmly. The others had finished their meal and left. The two of them sat on the sofa in the living room and continued to chat.
	"All of you are members of the Carter family. Why did you leave after dinner? Does anyone want to stay with me?" Grandma Eva was even angrier when she saw that everyone stayed away from her. Cathy must put them up to all these. Didn't they look down on her?
	"Mom, I'm going to clean up the kitchen." Cathy went to have the kitchen cleaned up every day. She had a passion for cleanliness and didn’t want things to be scattered everywhere.
	"Grandma, we're going to read. I'm going to graduate school," the two children of Garry said to Grandma Eva.
	"OK, just go. You guys are really annoying. I have Sophia." Grandma Eva's impression of Sophia was even better.
	"Let's go. The two of them want to chat. Let me show you the clothes I bought today. It looks good." Hilary pulled Amy away.
	She didn't like Grandma Eva. Anyway, Grandma Eva didn't like her either. Whoever liked to flatter Grandma Eva would just do it.
	Amy followed Hilary upstairs and went to Hilary's room.
	"I don't understand Richard. He has taken a fancy to such a woman. She's pretty, but she can do nothing." Grandma Eva looked at Amy's back and said to Sophia.
	"Sophia, you were born into a wealthy family. Your temperament and education are the best. No wonder William likes you so much. I like you too." Grandma Eva liked very few people in this family, but she felt it was still much better here than in the countryside.
	She enjoyed good food and a lot of fun here. Although Halbert's ex-wife cooked for her in the countryside, her cooking was really too bad. Grandma Eva had insisted on living in the countryside to protest against Halbert's divorce from Addy.
	However, her protest had no effect at all. Halbert still married Cathy. A few years ago, he would often ask her to come back to the Carter's mansion.
	However, everyone seemed to have forgotten about this over time. She was embarrassed to mention this. Actually, she had long wanted to go back to the old mansion.
	This time, it just so happened that she was sick. Halbert just asked her to return again, and Grandma Eva immediately agreed. This time, she didn't want to leave.
	"Grandma, you are William's grandma and also my grandma. That’s what I should do." Sophia knew that Halbert was a very filial person. If she treated Grandma Eva well, Grandma Eva would help her. And she would have a strong backing to deal with Amy.
	"Well, you're so good. Grandma will definitely love you well." Grandma Eva listened to Sophia's words happily.
	"Grandma, let me tell you, Amy once divorced. She cheated on her husband on the second day of the wedding. So they got divorced immediately. I wonder what happened to Richard. He treats her as a treasure." Sophia leaned over to Grandma Eva's ear and secretly told her about this.
	"What?" Hearing that, Grandma Eva widened her eyes. Although she did not like Cathy, she was very good to Richard. Besides, he was her grandson. She subconsciously preferred sons over daughters. In addition, this grandson was truly capable.
	"She was divorced. Grandma, you have to make the decision for our family. Both Cathy and Richard were deceived by that woman, but they don’t know it. Even Hilary is on her side." Sophia wanted to stir up trouble.
	"This is outrageous. I just felt that this woman was too beautiful. I didn't expect that she is a disaster. Cathy is very smart, isn't she? She actually was tricked into submission. Without me, this family would really be getting worse and worse," Grandma Eva said sadly.
	It was as if the Carter family had already declined in the years when she had been away.
	"Grandma, it's a good thing that you came back. If not, I don't know what would become of this family. I've been looking forward to your return for a long time." Since she had achieved her purpose, Sophia was secretly delighted.
	"Yes, I came back to help our family. I will definitely show no mercy to these bad women. She wants to share our family's property. Dream on!" Grandma Eva spat on the ground, which disgusted Sophia, but she still had to smile.
	"Grandma? Good evening. Sorry, I had a few meetings today, so I couldn't come and have dinner with you." When Richard walked into the living room, he saw Grandma Eva and Sophia talking about something. He also saw Grandma Eva spit on the ground.
	"Richard, it’s you. Let me look at you." Grandma Eva looked at Richard and felt a sense of accomplishment.
	She looked ordinary, but when Grandpa John was young, he was very handsome. Their son Halbert looked like Grandpa John, and Garry looked like her.
	The two children of Halbert and Addy were both very ordinary. Then Cathy and Halbert were married. Their children were really beautiful.
	Therefore, Grandma Eva liked Richard very much.
	"Grandma, are you feeling better? Daddy said you're sick, and we're all worried. But you look very healthy now." Richard walked to Grandma Eva and observed her.
	Grandma Eva was actually in good health. Although she was already in her seventies, her skin was still ruddy and her hair didn’t get grey too much. She was wearing strange clothes, which was her personal hobby. Richard didn't pay much attention to it.
	"Richard, I missed you so much." Grandma Eva held Richard's hand and let him sit beside her.
Chapter 141 Resign
	Seeing Richard sitting beside Eva, Sophia was so excited. It was rare for the two of them to sit together. Eva was truly her blessing.
	Eva looked at Richard. This kid was really handsome. He inherited all the advantages of Halbert and Cathy.
	Eva looked at her grandson in a daze, and Sophia looked at Richard too, in the same fashion. This man was a hundred times more handsome than her husband. Why did all good things happen to Amy?
	"Grandma, it's getting late. You're tired from flight today. Why don't you rest early?" Richard looked at his grandmother who had been staring at him in a daze. He didn't know what was going on, but it was time for her to rest.
	"Richard, you really are my sweetheart. I love you the most. You must treat me well." Eva held onto Richard's hand. She looked pitiful, making Richard's heart soften a little. Although he was quite cold to outsiders, he was still very good to his family, especially to the elders. He was very filial.
	"Grandma, of course I have to be filial to you. Don't worry!" Richard patted Eva's hand and comforted her.
	"OK, I know you are the best. I can rest assured. I was still afraid that I wouldn't be able to live here." Eva whined.
	"No, Grandma, don't worry. Everyone here will treat you well." Richard helped Eva up.
	"Grandma, I'll help you go back to sleep. We'll talk tomorrow. I'll be back early tomorrow to accompany you." Richard supported Eva, and Sophia quickly supported Eva's other arm.
	"Richard, leave it to me. You've been busy all day." Sophia said to Richard with distress.
	"Right, Richard, you can go rest. Sophia will send me back." Eva also felt ached for Richard, so she didn't want him to send her back and pushed him away.
	"Alright then. Grandma, go slowly with Sophia. I'll go back to take a bath first." Seeing that Eva and Sophia had left, Richard went upstairs. It seemed that the family had gotten along quite well today.
	Richard went upstairs. He was really busy today. At this time, he missed Amy very much.
	"Amy?" Richard pushed open the door and saw that Amy was busy in the bedroom. Hearing Richard's voice, she turned around.
	"Richard, you're back?" As soon as Amy put away the things in her hands, she got up and walked in front of Richard. She helped him bring the things over and hung up his clothes.
	"I'm so busy today that I don't even have time to think about you. What were you doing just now? You looked so mysterious." Richard discovered that it happened many times. She saw him and immediately put away the things.
	"I'm doing my own things. Richard, I'll run you a bath. Wait for me." Amy went to the bathroom to run Richard a bath.
	Richard drank some water. He wanted to see what Amy was doing, but after thinking for a while, he didn't act. This was Amy's secret. Since she didn't tell him, there was a reason for that.
	Before he could finish his glass of water, Amy had come out. The bath was ready.
	"Alright, Richard, you can go take a bath. I still have something to do. I'll go to bed when I'm done."
	"Alright, then I'll go take a bath." Richard put down his teacup and went to the bathroom.
	Amy's translation was still unfinished, so she continued to translate. Then, she put everything in her bag and prepared to deliver it to SY Company tomorrow.
	Richard still went to work early. He said that he would come back to accompany Eva for dinner today, so he had to hurriedly finish his work so that he could come back early.
	Amy's entire body was aching. Richard's energy was so good. He had been working all day, and he still had energy to make love when he came back. He was afraid of waking her up early in the morning, so he quietly left.
	After stretching her body for a while, Amy got up from bed. She must go to SY Company to hand in the translation today, and then go to HD Group to help Richard. Richard had given her many days off, so it was time to go to work.
	After breakfast, Amy went out. The Carter's mansion was very remote. Amy walked for a long time before she reached the main road. She took a taxi and arrived at SY Company.
	"Erin, I'm here to hand in my work." Amy handed over her translated documents to Erin.
	"Okay, Amy. Our boss said that your translation is very good and accurate. I'm going to raise your wages." Erin said to Amy.
	Amy wanted to resign because now she was living in the Carter's mansion. She needed a lot of time to accompany her family. If she stayed in her room every day, people would think that she was very lonely.
	If she said that she was still working part-time as a translator, Richard would definitely not be happy about it. Everyone else would also have a problem with it.
	However, before she could say anything, she was stopped by Erin. Now it was a little difficult for her to say it out.
	"Erin, who is the boss of SY Company?" Amy asked. She had been here for so many months and had never seen the boss before.
	"Our boss rarely comes here. He is usually in the headquarters. SY Group is only a small subsidiary of his." Erin explained to Amy.
	"Erin, I want to tell you something. I want to resign. Must I tell your boss about this resignation?" Amy thought for a moment and felt that she still had to explain her intentions.
	"Resign? Why? Could it be that the treatment of SY Company is not good enough?" When Erin heard that Amy was going to resign, he felt that it was inconceivable. He was sure that no matter where Amy went, she would not be able to get her current salary.
	"It's very good, but I have something to do at home, so it's not convenient for me to continue doing this work." Amy said. She also felt very sorry.
	"Erin, how about this? I can help you translate before you find other translators. However, I can only give you one month. I won't help you after that. You don't have to pay me during this period." Amy also knew that if she left SY Company, she would never find any job with such good salaries.
	"Then wait a moment. I'll give the boss a call." Erin realized that he couldn't keep Amy, so he hurriedly called the boss.
	She didn't know what Erin had said on the phone, but he just kept nodding and looking at Amy.
	After waiting for a while, Erin finished his call. He walked over and said to Amy, "Amy, our boss invites you over."
Chapter 142 He Was the Boss
	Erin called and told Amy that the boss of SY Company wanted to see her.
	Erin wrote the address on the paper and handed it to Amy.
	"Amy, if you want to resign, you should tell the boss personally. After all, he likes you very much." Of course, the boss had taken care of everything for Amy since she had entered the company.
	"Alright, I also want to take the chance to thank him in person." Although she had never met the boss in person, he had indeed helped her during her most difficult time.
	After saying goodbye to Erin, Amy went to a tea house according to the address.
	When she was there, the boss hadn't arrived yet, so Amy asked for a cup of water and waited.
	Ten minutes later, the door was pushed open. Amy hurriedly stood up and looked at the door.
	A handsome man appeared at the door. He looked gentle, but startled Amy anyway.
	"Andy?"
	"Amy, I'm sorry for being late. I was held up in traffic. I thought I would arrive early, but I was late. I'm really sorry." Andy apologized to Amy.
	Amy was still in shock. It turned out that it was Andy that had been taking care of her. Then it all made sense now. It was Andy that had extended a helping hand to her.
	"Sit down, please. Why are you drinking water? I remember that you like tea, and that's why I booked this tea house. The black tea is its specialty, and it's beneficial for girls." As Andy spoke, he sat opposite Amy.
	Andy ordered a pot of black tea and some popular snacks there.
	"Andy, so you've been secretly helping me. Thank you so much. Thank you so much." Amy was so excited that she didn't know what else to say.
	"What are you talking about? Shouldn't I help you? We are friends, aren't we? If I don't help you, then who will help you? Don't think too much. Come on, have a sip of the tea." Andy poured two cups of tea, one for Amy and another one for himself.
	The black tea was really good. Amy felt very warm.
	"Amy, I heard that you are going to resign, aren't you?" Because the atmosphere was too warm, Amy didn't find a chance to bring about the topic. She thought she was heartless since it was Andy that began the topic in the end.
	"Well, I have already returned to the Carter's mansion to stay with my family, so I don't have much time for the job. But I can still help before you find another translator." Amy mustered up the courage to say what she had prepared to say. She was indeed in a very difficult situation right now.
	Andy knew that Amy was kind. She went back to the seemingly noble Carter's mansion, however, in fact, she might suffer countless grievances from now on.
	Amy was young. She had grown up with her father, Stephen, and had never experienced the awkwardness of being living with a large family. However, Andy was not supposed to say something like that. After all, that was Amy's family matter.
	"Oh, it's OK. We have enough translators. I'll just give those tasks to them. Don't worry about that. Amy, are you happy now?" Andy changed the topic. He was more concerned about Amy.
	"I'm fine. Richard is very nice to me now, and the people there are also very kind." Of course, Amy was talking about most people. Although there were some people who didn't like her, she just ignored them.
	Andy took a sip of tea. He looked at Amy through the smoke of the tea. She might be indeed very happy.
	Now that she could forgive Richard for not being there for her when she had miscarried, she must have been deeply in love with Richard. She would believe whatever Richard said.
	It was useless to say anything now, so it'd for better for Andy not to interfere with Amy's life anymore.
	"Amy, I wish you happiness for the rest of your life. Your happiness is the most important. It's OK if you want to resign. You will get the money you deserve. Remember, my door will always be open for you. I hope that if you ever encounter any difficulties in the future, you can come and ask me for help, okay?" It was useless for Andy to say anymore, so Andy could only wish Amy good luck.
	"Andy, it's OK. It's my fault. I can't take that money." Amy hurriedly waved her hand. She would remember Andy's words. She knew that Andy had always been caring about her.
	"What are you talking about? You get what you deserve. If it's not yours, I won't give it to you anyway. How about another cup of tea? Have some snacks. Do you have time for lunch? My treat." Andy said to Amy.
	Amy was still worried about Richard. She wanted to go to HD Group to see him and have lunch with him.
	"Andy, I have something to do at noon, so I'm afraid I can't have lunch with you. Thank you for your kindness, I'll treat you next time." Amy rejected Andy.
	"Well, alright, then I'll be waiting for your treat then." Andy laughed self-deprecatingly. Amy was still the same as when she had been a child. She was not good at lying as she always blinked her eyes whenever she lied.
	After the conversation with Andy, Amy got relaxed. So Andy was in charge of SY Group. Then she would not have to worry about it, because there were many excellent translators in SR Company, which belonged to Andy, too.
	Andy gave up his pursuit in medicine to take over the family business, and only he knew how difficult it was to make such a decision. He had had a big fight with his father over the matter. However, when Andy came back this time and found out that Miller Group had gone bankrupt, in order to help Amy, he took over SR Company resolutely.
	However, it was still too late. It was so late that Amy had already fallen in love with someone else.
	Watching as Amy disappeared into the distance, Andy felt an urge to cry. He had once dreamed of a simple and ordinary life with Amy, where he would be an ordinary doctor, so that Amy would have nothing to do with the wealthy families.
	However, good fortune always played tricks on people. Amy still entered a wealthy family and was destined to live a life of intrigue.
Chapter 143 Collusion
	Amy took a taxi to HD Group. She did not tell Richard because she wanted to give him a surprise.
	The receptionists knew that she was the president's wife, so they just let her in.
	When Amy arrived at the president's office, she heard that it was quiet inside. Gently opening the door, she found that Richard was on the phone.
	Without saying anything, she walked in and closed the door.
	"Alright. Goodbye." Richard was surprised to see Amy.
	"Amy, come here." Richard hung up the phone and waved to Amy, signaling her to come over.
	"Come sit here." Richard smiled flirtatiously and pulled Amy onto his laps.
	"There are chairs. It's not appropriate. People will see us." Amy wanted to get up, but Richard stopped her and held her tightly in his arms.
	It had been hours since he saw her last time. He missed her, and some parts of his body also missed her.
	"It's fine. No one will come in. They know that my wife is here. They are not stupid." Richard buried his head in Amy's neck, sniffing the fragrance of her body.
	There was someone stupid, though. When they were making out, the door was opened, surprising Amy.
	Allison came in and saw what happened in the room. Then, she stepped back while apologizing.
	After Amy stood up, Richard told Allison to come in.
	"Come in. What's the matter?" Richard put on a long face.
	"I'm sorry, Richard. Here is a very important contract. The other party requests us to sign it immediately." Allison looked aggrieved.
	However, she should have brought the contract to Richard early in the morning. She had forgotten it. Seeing Amy was here, she couldn't help but want to mess up with Amy.
	"Put it down. Leave us alone if there is not anything else," Richard said.
	Allison bit her lips and put down the contract. Before leaving, she smiled and walked to Amy.
	"Amy, you are getting beautiful. How about we grab a cup of coffee when you are available?"
	"Thanks, but I don't like coffee." Amy didn't even look at Allison. Amy's hand was held by Richard. Seeing it, Allison was pissed off.
	"Then I'll leave you alone." Not able to get anything that she wanted, Allison left Richard's office.
	It was hard for Sophia not to be able to vent her anger. Therefore, she called Sophia, asking Sophia to come out to be her company.
	"Sophia, are you available now? Come out and have a cup of coffee with me?" Allison asked Sophia.
	"Allison, why are you calling me? I'm busy. I have to stay at home with Grandma." Sophia did not like Allison, because Allison would also have a share of the family property.
	"I know something very important about you. Don't you want to know? If you do, come to MW Café now. I'll wait for you there." Allison got right to the point.
	"Hey, you...." Sophia was pissed off when hearing the beeping sounds, 'What was wrong with the world? Why did everyone treat me like that? First, it was Amy. She was my enemy.'
	'Then, Gina started to fool me. Right now, even Allison, who hadn't married into the Carter family, dared to treat me like this. Was it because I was too kind?'
	Anyway, Sophia decided to go to MW Café. She wanted to know what Allison would tell her.
	"If you have anything to say, just say it. I'm very busy." Sophia got to MW Café as soon as she could, and Allison was already waiting for her.
	"What's the hurry? Do you want to go back and look at Grandma Eva's wrinkled face?" Allison looked at Sophia with disdain.
	"How can you say that about Grandma? You will be her daughter-in-law in the future." Sophia lectured Allison.
	"When I marry into the Carter family, I am the eldest daughter-in-law. It is not your turn to lecture me. Sophia, remember that I am the eldest daughter-in-law and you are only the second eldest." Allison smiled and said to Sophia.
	"This is outrageous. I'll be leaving now if you have nothing to say." Sophia was not a good-tempered person.
	"Now Amy has the jade bracelet that stands for the matriarch of the Carter family. Aren't you going to do something?" Seeing that Sophia was about to leave, Allison took a sip of her coffee and said to Sophia's back without any emotion.
	Sophia paused.
	"What do you mean? Don't try to sow discord between us." Sophia returned to her seat.
	"Do I need to? Are you close?" Allison said with contempt. Sophia was a greedy woman, which was helpful to Allison.
	Sophia thought that Allison was right. Allison didn't need to sow discord between Amy and her. They hated each other. Although Amy was not directly responsible for the bankruptcy of White Group, Amy was an indirect cause.
	"Sophia, I'm going to marry Jacob. Then, we'll be family and I'll be your sister-in-law. Our husbands have the same mother. Why don't we get any right in the Carter family? They gave all of it to Richard's wife. Doesn't it bother you? It bothers me, anyway." Allison looked fierce.
	"Of course it bothers me. I am the first daughter-in-law of the Carter family, but they secretly gave the jade bracelet to Amy. Who is she? Has she done anything for the Carter family?" As Allison expected, Sophia was enraged.
	"Yes, you are the hardest one. You've taken care of everything of the Carter family. Why did Amy get the bracelet?" Allison took the opportunity to feed the fire.
	"Allison, you have no idea how exhausting the family is. I've worked so hard for so long, but what do I get? After you are married, you'll know how hard it is for me." Sophia felt sad.
	She didn't have to do housework at the Carter's, but she still felt tired. Because she had to be careful when giving anything valuable to the White family. She was afraid that the Carters would find out about it since she did it so many times that there were little of her jewelry was left. In that case, she should be tired!
	Allison smiled, 'Sophia was so simple-minded. It was effortless to get her on the same side with me. But it was good. A simple-minded person was easier to control.
	"But why are you telling me this? Weren't you Richard's girlfriend? Why did you leave him and give Amy the opportunity?" Sophia realized something.
	"Me? Amy is a bitch. How can I compete with her? I'm a decent woman." Allison cried.
Chapter 144 Working Hand in Glove!
	Allison cried, and she cried her heart out. She did not understand. It was for sure that Richard loved her, and everyone in R city knew that. However, the moment Amy appeared, everything changed.
	"Hey! Please don't cry. I want to cry as I see you cry." Sophia also cried.
	In the past, Richard liked Allison, with whom she had no way to compare. As the daughter of the Field family, Allison was rich and beautiful.
	What about Amy? Her family was doing a small business, which went bankrupt. The most irritating thing was that she had divorced, but Richard treated her like a treasure.
	Two frustrated women were crying in the cafe, which shocked the waiters.
	"Ladies, what happened?" The manager came to ask them.
	"Something happened, but there is nothing you can do about it. Just leave us alone." Sophia was sad. They had cried for a while.
	"Alright, no more tears. Let's get down to business." Allison suddenly stopped crying. She wiped her face with a wet tissue and gave one piece to Sophia.
	"As we both hate Amy, we should make things difficult for her. She is complacent now. How could we stand that?" Allison said to Sophia.
	"That's right. My mother was blinded. I heard that she has given the jade bracelet of the Carter family to Amy. You are the sister-in-law in the future. It's unfair." Sophia was trying to drive a wedge between Allison and Amy.
	Allison hated Amy even more. 'Why does she get all the good things? I am better than her, but I get nothing.'
	"I don't care. I'm not interested in the Carter family. I feel indignant at the wrong you have suffered. Sophia, you married into the Carter family first, you deserve the jade bracelet more than Amy does. How could they give it to her?" Allison seemed generous.
	Sophia thought over and found what Allison said was reasonable. The Field family lacked nothing, but the White family had collapsed. She needed to use the Carter family's money to subsidize her family.
	"Allison, don't you care about the power of the Carter family?" Sophia was not sure yet.
	"Do you think I care? Don't worry, I just want to take my revenge. I have no interest in competing for power of the Carter family. Even if I marry Jacob in the future, I will move out. I don't like living with the old." Allison comforted Sophia.
	Now, she hadn't married into the Carter family, so she meant nothing to the Carter family. However, she must work with one of the two women in the family to get rid of the other.
	As for Sophia who was stupid, no one loved her, so Allison didn't worry about her at all.
	"Oh, Allison, I used to think you were a lofty princess. I never thought you are so kind. I like you so much. I'm your fan. I've seen all your dances. It's amazing." Sophia flattered Allison.
	"I can't dance now. My legs are injured. I can't dance anymore." Allison said sadly. She always threatened Richard with her legs. Although he had made it clear to her that he would never help her in the future. However, Sophia didn't want to give up.
	"I'm sorry. Allison. Grandma Eva will definitely like you." Sophia handed Allison a piece of Chiffon cake.
	"I don't care. Sophia, if you want to make a success in the Carter family, you have to please Grandma Eva." Allison looked down on Eva. She would rather please Cathy. However, Sophia couldn't recognize the truth.
	Sophia felt relieved as she found that Allison posed no threat to her. She didn't care about Amy who had no backer. She would have a backer as long as she had Allison's support in the future.
	Sophia naively thought that Allison was harmless. The current priority was to get rid of Amy so that she could get the jade bracelet back. Then she would get a foothold in the Carter family.
	They lowered their heads and discussed for a while. Allison came up with an idea and she asked Sophia to do as she said.
	"Wow! Allison, you're so smart. I would never come up with this without you. Alright, I'll do as you said right away." Sophia thought Allison was smart.
	"There's no hurry. You can do it slowly. I think you should take your time. If you want to drive Amy out of the Cater family forever, you need to be patient. You should make her stink in the eyes of the Carter family. Then she will naturally leave." Allison enjoyed her coffee. It was delicious. Richard liked coffee, and she liked coffee too. However, Richard married the Amy who liked tea.
	It was interesting, but it didn't matter. She would try her best to get rid of Amy. Sooner or later, Richard was hers.
	After finished talking, they separated. Sophia went shopping in the mall. She hadn't bought new clothes for a long time because Amy affected her mood. Today she felt happy, so she wanted to reward herself.
	She went to R City Department Store, the largest store in R city. She liked several specialty stores there.
	She could buy the clothes of all the world-famous brands here, and some of them were limited edition.
	It wasn't long since R City Department Store opened, more than two years, but it had attracted 30% of the R City customers.
	Here, if you hesitated when you found something you liked, someone would buy it soon. There was no need to worry about sales.
	Many of her friends would show off after they had bought things here.
	She hadn't went shopping for a month. She was so happy to see many people in the R City Department Store.
	She went straight to Chanel store. She liked the clothes there, classy and elegant, and she looked better when she wore them.
	"Hello, Ms. Sophia. We have new collections today. Would you like to have a try?" The shopping guide welcomed Sophia warmly as she saw her.
	Sophia was their VIP. She was generous here, so the shopping guides liked her.
	"Alright, I'm going to choose some beautiful clothes to reward myself today." Sophia felt that she was respected here, so the smile on her face deepened.
Chapter 145 Drama in the Shopping Mall
	"I want to try this dress." Sophia liked a pink dress, marked sold, but she insisted on trying it on.
	"I'm sorry, Ms. Sophia. This dress has been sold. The customer hasn't come to pick it up yet." The shopping guide didn't dare to cross the person who bought this dress, so she did not give it to Sophia to try it on.
	"I'm just trying it on, not taking it. Why couldn't I? You know I'm wife of the second young master of the Carters. How dare you treat me like this? Do you want to do business or not?" Sophia felt that the shopping guide looked down upon her.
	"I'm sorry for this. I know who you are, but someone has bought this dress. So, we can't let you try it on." The shopping guide explained patiently to Sophia.
	But today, she was brainwashed by Allison, feeling that she was the most powerful person, and everyone should give in. She wanted this dress.
	The quarrel attracted the manager.
	"What happened? Ms. Sophia, take it easy. What's going on here?" When the manager walked over, she got a glass of water for Sophia.
	"You tell me! This shopping guide is too unreasonable. I asked her to give me that dress to try on, but she refused. Was she afraid that I couldn't afford it?" Sophia chugged the water.
	"What's going on?" The manager asked the shopping guide, who pointed at the pink dress in the window. The manager immediately understood.
	"I'm really sorry. This dress has been sold. We could show it as the customer didn't take it away. If you like it, we can discuss with the headquarters and see if they can send us the dress which they kept for us." There weren't many for limited edition. This was a privilege that Chanel had given to the R City Department Store. There were only two, one of which had been reserved.
	The other one belonged to another shop. In order to appease Sophia, the manager decided to fight for it.
	"Since you have another, I'll take this one." Sophia was even more unscrupulous. She was about to open the window to get the dress.
	The manager was so frightened that she hurriedly stopped her.
	"Ms. Sophia, I don't think this works. The customer will come to get it tomorrow morning. If you like it, I will try to get one for you. There are only ten in the world." The manager patiently explained to Sophia.
	"Do you think I can't afford it? Get the person in charge here. I must have this dress." Sophia became unreasonable.
	So, those who wanted to enter the shop stood at the door to see the drama, expecting to see how to deal with this wealthy person.
	The manager had no other choice but to call the person in charge.
	She also tried to persuade Sophia, but Sophia did not give way because she was from the Carter family.
	"Who's messing around here?" A harsh voice came from outside. The people standing at the door consciously moved aside.
	Mrs. Newell walked in gracefully. She narrowed her eyes as she found it was Sophia.
	Sophia had almost harmed her daughter. It seemed that the she didn't learn a lesson from it. Now, she was bold to come here to make trouble.
	Sophia looked at Mrs. Newell and became less arrogant.
	"It's me." She replied with less conviction.
	"What is it?" Mrs. Newell asked. The shopping guide did not expect to alert the president's wife, and she was afraid that she might be fired.
	However, she tried her best to explain the whole story.
	"So, Ms. Sophia, do you mean that you can get whatever you want even if other customer has reserved it, right?" Mrs. Newell turned to ask Sophia in a redoubtable voice.
	"I can afford it. Why don't you sell it to me?" Sophia didn't give up. The merchants cared nothing but money. They weren't stupid. Why didn't they earn this money?
	"The most basic morality of being a person is not to snatch others' stuff. You can't do whatever you want to do. This is the R City Department Store, not the Carter's. You have no right to be wilful here." Mrs. Newell's voice was not loud, but people around sensed her dignity.
	"Ms. Sophia's surname is White, right? It seemed that the White Group just went bankrupt a few days ago. Where did you get the confidence? A woman, whose family was poor, can bully others just by relying on her husband's family, right?"
	"Oh, Good point!" Among rubbernecks, the people who hated the Carter family applauded for what Mrs. Newell said.
	Sophia felt that she had lost face. She didn't expect that Mrs. Newell was eloquent.
	"What about you? Aren't you relying on Mr. Newell? What are you proud of?" Sophia criticized Mrs. Newell.
	"I have a saying at the R City Department Store. Where do you have a saying? Guards, get this woman out. Tell the security guards at the entrance that the R City Department Store will never allow this woman to come in." Mrs. Newell, surrounded by many people, finished her sentence and left.
	"What? What's the big deal with her? I don't want to come here either." Sophia cursed angrily, pointing at Mrs. Newell.
	"I'm sorry, madam. Please leave. You're not welcomed here." Several strong security guards walked over and said politely.
	"I will leave. Don't push me. I know the way." Sophia thought Mrs. Newell was really too presumptuous. Who wouldn't be nice to the Carter family in R city?
	Mrs. Newell didn't take people of the Carter family seriously. Sophia must tell Richard that Mrs. Newell was arrogant.
	"Mom, leave it to me." When Sophia went home, she helped Cathy with her work, which surprised Cathy. Every day, Sophia did nothing but eating, sleeping, and shopping.
	Today, Sophia even helped her to arrange the flowers.
	"Mom, you run the house all day and you must be tired. Let me help you." Sophia was sweet, and she did help Cathy with her work.
	"Is there something wrong? You are weird." Cathy was not used to Sophia's sudden changes.
	"Mom, I'm sorry. I should share some of the housework with you. From now on, I want to learn from you and strive to be a good daughter-in-law, a good wife and a good mother."
Chapter 146 Goodbye to Limited Edition
	When Sophia returned home today, she was like a different person. Cathy was very curious about what happened to her.
	"Well, Sophia, do you have something to tell me?" Cathy treated every child the same, but Addy's two children had always hated her, as if she had stolen their father.
	"It's fine. I'm already twenty-six. I was very ignorant in the past, making you worry about me. From now on, I want to follow you as an example. I'll make efforts to manage household affairs." When Sophia said these words, she meant it. Of course, she wanted to manage this rich family. She could definitely raise the White family well with so much wealth.
	Cathy was not that easy to deceive. She just looked at Sophia indifferently. 'Anyway, say whatever you want to say. I'm not an idiot.'
	"Alright then. Follow me in the future and see what you can do." Cathy said to Sophia.
	"Okay, Mom. I'll go see Grandma." After Sophia finished speaking, she went to see Eva. Eva usually went back to her room after meal. In this house, no one paid attention to Sophia during the day. The people she liked would only come back at night.
	By the time they got off work, everyone in the family had returned, and the three brothers of the Carter family had returned one after another.
	When Amy returned home with Richard, Sophia saw that Amy was wearing the pink dress she saw today.
	At that time, the R City Department Store said that this dress was the only one in R City. Amy couldn't be wearing a fake dress. Fake dresses wouldn't have come out this early.
	"Amy, you weren't wearing this dress when you went out today, were you?" Sophia moved closer to Amy and deliberately asked.
	However, she was even angrier when she saw the jade bracelet on Amy's hand.
	"Right. The dress I wore today got dirty. Someone else gave this to me." Amy thought that this dress was especially beautiful. It was simple and elegant, which suited her very well.
	"I see." Sophia did not say anything else. It turned out that the dress which Mrs. Newell said was left for Amy. She always felt that there was something between them, but she couldn't tell exactly.
	She had Amy drink the drugged drink and delivered her to Mr. Newell, but he did nothing. Didn't he always look at Amy in a perverted manner? Was he afraid of Mrs. Newell? That could not explain it either. Mrs. Newell liked Amy as if Amy was her family.
	She must find out what was the relationship between Mrs. Newell and Amy.
	"Amy, you came back? Wow, this dress is so pretty. It's the limited edition of Chanel this season. There are only ten in the world, and only two in China. It's designed by a master. I didn't expect that you would buy it." Cathy loved this dress so much. She was planning to buy it for Amy.
	However, when she arrived at R City Department Store, someone had ordered it. There was nothing Cathy could do about it.
	Now that her daughter-in-law was wearing the dress, she was very happy.
	However, Sophia got angrier because of Cathy's words.
	"Mom, this was given by Mrs. Newell. When I met her today, she accidentally dirtied my dress. It was just a coffee stain, but she was very sorry for that. In the end, she gave me this dress." Amy didn't know that this dress was worth over a million, and she also didn't know it was a limited edition. She thought it was just an ordinary dress.
	However, when Amy heard that this dress was a limited edition of Chanel, she started to panic.
	"Mom, this dress is very expensive, right? I should return it to her. Wait, I've put it on. I should give her the money. I can't put her to a lot of expense. My dress is only hundreds."
	"It's fine. It looks good on you. I'll give her the money. You can wear it without worry." Richard had been watching his wife the whole time. She looked very elegant in this dress. Although Mrs. Newell was very strange, he had to admit that she had good taste.
	"Alright." Hearing Richard's words, Amy was relieved. She was a person who did not like to take advantage of others. Although she did not know why Mrs. Newell treated her so well, she could not accept such an expensive gift.
	"It's dinner time. What are you still talking about? I am starving!" Eva walked over with the help of a servant. Seeing everyone around Amy, she was not pleased.
	"Grandma, let me help you." Sophia felt that she was embarrassed. Mrs. Newell did not sell that dress and kept it for Amy.
	She walked over with a smile and supported Eva. However, she was too angry. She pinched Eva's arm subconsciously.
	"Sophia, what's wrong with you?" Eva looked at Sophia.
	"I'm sorry, Grandma. I was distracted." Sophia hurriedly apologized to Eva.
	Amy was busy talking to everyone. After that, she hurriedly went up to change her clothes. She couldn't make any stains on such an expensive dress.
	"She's really impolite. She hastily left without even greeting to me. How dare she?" Eva looked at Amy's back and said to Richard.
	"Grandma, Amy was to change her clothes. She will come down to accompany you in a while." Richard explained to Eva, but Eva thought that Amy was a coquette.
	"Richard, there are so many girls who like you. Why would you like her? Girls like Sophia are so great. Although she is not particularly beautiful, she is virtuous and knows how to respect the elders. Such a girl is the one whom you should live a lifetime with. What's the use of beautiful girls?" Eva didn't like beautiful women.
	Cathy was more beautiful than Addy. That was why Eva didn't like her. Women's appearances weren't important, as long as they could work.
	For example, although Eva herself was not good looking, she could do many people's work on her own. But now, men only looked at the appearance of a woman and judged her ability one-sidedly.
	"Grandma, don't worry about these things. You just take good care of yourself. Living a few more years is the most important thing. Aren't you still waiting for your great-grandson?" Richard didn't want to argue with her, so he changed the topic.
Chapter 147 Amy's Birth Mother
	"Madam, there is an extra deposit in your account." The secretary said to Mrs. Newell, holding the files of her bank account.
	"How much?" Mrs. Newell asked the secretary.
	"Six hundred thousand," the secretary reported the number to Mrs. Newell.
	"Huh, this Amy is really interesting. I went out of my way to accidentally stain her clothes so that I could give her that skirt. I didn't expect her to transfer the money back to me. What a silly lady. Unexpectedly, I shouldn't have hung that skirt up. Sophia must have told her something when she went back and saw it." Mrs. Newell let out a defeated smile when she saw the extra six hundred thousand in her account.
	Mrs. Newell had always wanted to compensate her daughter for what she owed her, but she had never had the chance to do so.
	"Then what are we going to do about this, Madame?" The secretary asked Mrs. Newell.
	"Forget it. Since it's already transferred to my account, it’s not like we should return it. Keep it. The Carter family is not short of this little money. We'll talk about it later." Mrs. Newell dismissed her secretary.
	Stephen was the only one Mrs. Newell would be grateful for in her life. He had raised their daughter to be such a decent lady. And for Amy's sake, he had never remarried. But how could Mrs. Newell repay him?
	He definitely wouldn't accept it if she gave him money, nor would he take the company. Stephen was just an honest and simple man, so he wasn't cut out for business.
	She could only ask Amy to take good care of him. That should be some kind of reward for his kindness in bringing her up.
	Mrs. Newell sighed. Although she was Amy's birth mother, she did not fulfill her parental responsibility. And now she could not tell Amy the truth. Given Amy's personality, Mrs. Newell guessed that the young lady wouldn't return to her even if she found out about it. Mrs. Newell could only hide in the shadow and quietly look after Amy.
	"Mrs. Newell, is something bothering you?" Mr. Newell walked in and noticed the grave look on his wife's face.
	"Mr. Newell, I gave my daughter a dress today, but she transferred the money back to me." Mrs. Newell, or Mrs. Newell Rice, explained to her husband in resignation.
	"Oh, that's what you're upset about? It'll be alright. There's still plenty of time. Whatever you want to give her, take your time. The kid is very kind. As you know, she wouldn't even take my shares. If it was someone else, they would have been jealous long ago." Mr. Newell walked over to comfort his wife.
	"Mr. Newell, the man I'm sorry for the most in my life is Stephen. Figure out for me how I should repay him." Watching her husband, Mrs. Newell felt relaxed. He could always come up with a thoughtful solution to whatever problem. It was just that Mrs. Newell didn't want to trouble him most of the time.
	"The best reward you can give him is to let Amy stay with him. He only cares about Amy, so don't try to take her away from him." Mr. Newell said to Mrs. Newell.
	"That's what I'm thinking. But I feel very guilty if that's the only thing I can do. I do wish he will pull himself together again." Mrs. Newell wrapped her arms around Mr. Newell's waist and put her face on his belly.
	Mr. Newell was tall and handsome. In his forties, he still looked young.
	"Leave this to me, would you? I don't want my wife to be bothered by it." Mr. Newell stroked Mrs. Newell's hair and comforted her. He knew what she wanted, but there was nothing he could do about it. Amy was raised by someone else, so they could only keep an eye on her from afar.
	"Where's Dexter? It seems that he hasn't returned home for a long time. Is he working on his painting again?" Dexter was so passionate about painting that it was not unfair to call him a painting addict.
	"He has grown up. Don't worry about him too much. Dexter is a well-behaved young man. Relax." It was said that mothers were the greatest. It was true. Mrs. Newell was always so worried about her kids.
	"I know, but I can't help it. I just keep thinking about them." Mrs. Newell smiled.
	"Then let's go out for dinner tonight. I'll pick you up after work. I got some things to deal with now." Mr. Newell was only here to report his whereabouts to Mrs. Newell.
	"Alright, go ahead. I'm handing something as well. See you later." Mrs. Newell let go of Mr. Newell and the two left each other alone.
	"Cherry, it's me, Mrs. Newell. I'm back. Let us meet." After Mr. Newell left, Mrs. Newell called her younger sister and asked her out. She didn’t take Cherry lightly.
	"Why didn't you even bother to greet your grandparents when having a meal?" Noticing that Amy kept eating with her head down, Grandma Eva began to nag.
	"Oh. Hello, Grandpa and Grandma." Instead of arguing with Grandma Eva, Amy greeted them since the old lady accused her of not doing so.
	"There aren't that many rules here. Hurry up and have your dinner. Don't even talk while you're eating." Grandpa John was irritated at the sight of Grandma Eva. The family had been very happy, but after her arrival, everything became a mess
	William and Sophia stopped coming here for meals, saying that they would cook for themselves.
	Grandpa John was very mad at that. He liked to be in a lively family, but he didn't like quarreling. His family used to be so harmonious. But Grandma Eva had been mean and critical to everyone ever since she came here. She disliked the fact that Sophia was from a humble family as if Grandma Eva herself had come from a rich one.
	"You got a problem with that? I'm teaching her! It's for her own good. Look at Sophia. She greets me every time she runs into me. See how sweet she is? It's hard for me not to like her." Grandma Eva was annoyed by the fact that her husband acted against her constantly. She felt disrespected.
	"Grandma, this is your favorite roasted pork. Have some more." Richard hurried to pick up a piece of roasted pork for Grandma Eva.
	Grandma Eva's teeth were not in a very good condition, so she liked to have soft and roasted pork.
	Seeing the meat Richard brought to her, Grandma Eva felt her dignity preserved.
	"I knew my grandsons are the ones who care about me. They're all nice. Look at how outstanding my four grandchildren are!" Grandma Eva treated her grandchildren very well.
	Amy did not bother to argue with Grandma Eva. Anyway, she was an old lady. And the elderly should be treated with patience and respect. Amy had always lived up to that.
	After dinner, Richard decided to go out for a walk with Amy to help digestion.
	"At least help clean it up after dinner. What a lazy brat." Grandma Eva got another chance to taunt Amy.
	"Okay. I'll work on it." Amy let go of Richard's hand and went to clean up the table.
	"You're not doing it. It's the maid's job to clean the table. You're my daughter-in-law, not a maid. You can do whatever you want after dinner. Act like a hostess." Cathy was unhappy about the fact that Grandma Eva kept making things difficult for Amy.
	"No wonder she's like that. Look at that daughter-in-law of yours. She's just like her mother-in-law!" Grandma Eva unkindly started quarreling with Cathy.
Chapter 148 Halbert's Decision
	Targeted by the unkind comment from Grandma Eva, Cathy would not swallow it and stay quiet. She had always been doted on by her family since childhood. She could never tolerate being offended, so if Grandma Eva wanted a fight, Cathy would not hold back.
	"Alright, alright. Mom, please stop saying anything. Cathy, don't take it personally." Halbert was in such a dilemma. The family had been peaceful before Grandma Eva came to live here. She had only been here for a few days, yet there were quarrels in the house every day.
	"Halbert, I'm old. Do you dislike me already? I'm not educated, unlike someone who dresses up so slutty every day. I'm not endearing anymore, am I?" Grandma Eva clutched Halbert's hands and began to cry.
	Realizing that she was maliciously accused before she could utter a word, Cathy turned around and stormed off.
	Halbert wanted to follow Cathy, but Grandma Eva grabbed him tightly and refused to let go. Halbert didn't mean to say anything hurtful to his mother. She had been very pitiful living alone outside. Halbert brought her home because he wanted her to be happy. But this was too painful.
	"Mom, I know you have been wronged. I will talk to Cathy about it. She is a reasonable woman, and I'm sure she'll understand that you did all these out of the goodness of your heart." Halbert brought Grandma Eva to the sofa and sat her down, slowly comforting her.
	Richard and his two older brothers were also there keeping Grandma Eva company. Amy and Hilary sneaked away. They didn't have much to say in what happened between them. Besides, Grandma Eva had been specifically mean to Amy, so Amy was biased towards Cathy, who had stood out for her.
	"I have a hard time being here alone. Although Sophia is a good girl, I'm still so old. There's a generation gap when I talk to her. I'm so lonely." Grandma Eva sounded so pathetic.
	"What do you want, Mom?" Halbert didn't want his mother to leave. Although they quarreled here, they were still families and lived together. Grandma Eva was old, and it was time for him to fulfill his filial duty.
	"I knew you always think the best for me, dear. I want to bring Addy over. She is not an outsider. Think about it, she is also the mother of William and Jacob. Although she and you are divorced, she never asked you for anything, did she? She has suffered a lot, too. And I am used to living with her." Grandma Eva said as she observed Halbert's expression.
	"Mom, I might need to discuss it with Cathy. She is the one in charge." Deep down, Halbert disliked the idea. But now that his mother brought it up, he was unable to steel himself to reject it directly.
	"Grandma has a point, Dad. Ask Mom to move in. She can live with Grandma. Otherwise, Mom will be alone in the countryside when Grandma stays here." William and Jacob had long wanted to live here with their mother.
	It was not that they wanted to take good care of their mother. It was just that they wished to reclaim their power in the family with the help of Addy's coming back.
	Addy was never a pushover. She hated Cathy's guts. But it never came to her that she and Halbert had divorced before Halbert being with Cathy.
	Now that his sons were for the idea, Halbert didn't know what to do. In fact, he didn't want Addy to come. But he hesitated since his mother had suggested it.
	"Dad, invite Mom here. We'll cover her living expenses ourselves. We won't use the money of the Carter family." William made an unexpected move.
	"Richard, what do you think?" Cornered by their demands, Halbert had no choice but to ask Richard, who had been silent the entire time.
	As a man, Richard was very influential in the business world. But when it came to family matters, he was not so bright. But all he knew was that his mother's consent was required.
	"Dad, I think we should ask for Mom's opinion. Isn't Mom still in charge of the family?" Richard answered.
	He had a hunch that if William and Jacob's mother was here, the family would be even more chaotic.
	"Dad, why bother to ask Mom? She certainly won't allow our mother to move in. You know, our mom used to be your wife, too. Whatever. Our mother will just have to suffer forever." With that, William and Jacob were both feeling with eyes turned red.
	What Halbert felt sorry for Addy was that when he found her, Addy didn't ask for any money from the Carter family.
	It wasn't that she had backbone, but that she was timid. Everyone in the village knew that she had married a rich man. Addy was afraid that she would be harmed if she got too much money on her. She didn't ask Halbert for money because she thought that her kids had enough food and clothing while she had enough money.
	Over the past twenty years, she had been living with Grandma Eva. The old lady would give her some money from time to time, so Addy was not short of it.
	But deep down, Halbert felt sorry for her. He also thought that she was a straightforward woman.
	"Dad, don't you know what kind of woman our mother is? When you two divorced, she didn't want anything." William cried as he spoke.
	"William, don't cry. I believe Dad will take care of it. Don't cry. Don't be sad." Sophia decided it was time for her to say something.
	If her mother-in-law moved in, she wouldn't be afraid of Cathy and Amy anymore. The two were difficult to deal with since they were very close. But if Addy came here, Sophia would have another helper. She was sure that her mother-in-law would help her.
	"Halbert, can't you even make the decision for the family? Are you driving your old mother away? I'll leave, then. Just pretend I didn't say it!" Seeing that Halbert was swayed, she gave him a push.
	"Alright then. William, Jacob, go invite your mother here. By the way, after you bring her back, ask her to live with your grandma. She will not have a meal with us. Let's eat separately. I'll send some servants over." Halbert pondered for a moment. This was the only way out.
	Since Halbert gave in, the three had achieved their goal. Anyway, they would bring Addy here first before they slowly reclaimed their power in the family. They would never sit back and watch Richard's mother dominate the family.
	Inappropriate as it seemed to be, since his father had made the decision, Richard could not argue. Now that his grandmother was at peace, Richard was relieved.
	"Go back to your discussion. I'm leaving to take a shower. I got some meetings tomorrow, so I need to get ready." Richard left the rest of them.
	Halbert asked William and Jacob to walk Grandma Eva to her room. He needed to go back and tell Cathy about it.
	"What? Addy is moving in? Why? Who made the decision?" When Cathy heard that Addy was coming, she widened her eyes. Did they still want to live together as a family or not?
Chapter 149 The New Vice President
	Cathy had been crying in Amy's room for a long time. Amy and Hilary were both comforting her.
	"Amy, don't you think it's unfair to me? I'm the head of this family. But no one told me that she was coming." Cathy held onto Amy's hand.
	Amy glanced at Hilary. She knew that Addy's arrival must be embarrassing, but she didn't know why Halbert would agree.
	No matter what, he should discuss it with Cathy before making a decision. However, Halbert was an elder. Amy could not bad-mouth him, so she could only comfort Cathy.
	"Mom, maybe Dad has some difficulties," Amy said.
	"Mom, you know that my dad loves you the most. They must have instigated him to do so." Hilary tried to comfort Cathy as well.
	"He didn't even tell me about his ex-wife's coming. I don't believe he loves me. They will reunite as a family. Am I the unnecessary person?" Cathy was so angry that she wanted to go back to her mother's house, but she was afraid that her child would be wronged.
	"No, no, you're the one who has the final say in our family. You just have to provide for one more person." None of them knew what they were discussing yesterday.
	"Forget it. I will wait and see. Your grandpa is sick. I can't cause too much trouble. I'm afraid that it will affect your grandpa's health. Grandpa won't hold on for a long time. If your grandma keeps acting recklessly, I don't know what will happen to your grandpa." Cathy's bark was worse than her bite.
	Although she was furious, she still thought about John. She was afraid that John would not be able to take it, so she had to hold back grievances.
	Halbert slapped Halbert in the face. Halbert, 50 years old, did not expect his father would slap him.
	However, after the slap, he had to immediately support John. John was exasperated.
	"Halbert, are you stupid? How can you allow your mother to make trouble? You even agree to take Addy in. Have you discussed with Cathy?" John pounded the walking stick against the ground.
	"No, Dad, I..." Halbert was having a hard time. His mother was happy, but his wife and father were angry.
	"Cathy is in charge of this house. She is your wife, but you don't even have the least bit of respect for her! After your mother came, she caused a lot of trouble to the family. Cathy is in a difficult situation. You even want to take your ex-wife in. Do you want to make things difficult for your family?" John blew his beard in rage.
	"Dad, don't be angry. Don't be angry. Things have gone so far. There's nothing we can do about it." The two children had gone to pick up Addy, so he couldn't call them and told them not to pick Addy up. John was in a dilemma.
	"I'm not angry. I'm dying. I just feel sorry for Cathy for what she is being through. Talk to her!" Get out. I don't want to see you. From today onwards, deliver all my meals to my room. I don't want to see you!" John chased Halbert out with his walking stick.
	As soon as Halbert left, John had a servant close the door. It seemed that the family would be thrown into turmoil.
	Halbert stood at John's door. He regretted it. Last night, he agreed to his mother's request without careful consideration. Now both Cathy and his father snubbed him. He did regret it!
	After standing at the door for a while, Halbert left. Right now, he didn't have anything to do. Occasionally, he would go out to play football and participate in some activities for the elderly. However, he wasn't in the mood today. His wife was angry, so he had to soothe her no matter what.
	Seeing Amy and Hilary, Halbert walked towards them.
	"Amy, Hilary, are you guys going to work?" Halbert didn't have anything else to talk about.
	"Yes, daddy." Hilary didn't want to pay attention to Halbert. Only Amy spoke to him.
	"Amy, you and Hilary don't go to work today. Keep your mother company, okay?" Halbert prepared to start with Amy and ask her to be with Cathy. In this way, Cathy would feel better. Amy was Cathy's favorite.
	"You should take responsibility for what you have done. We are going to work. Bye!" However, Hilary did not show respect for Halbert. She pulled Amy away.
	"What a naughty girl!" Seeing that his daughter ignored him, Halbert wanted to shout, but she ran away. There was nothing he could do, so he could only brave it out to talk to Cathy.
	"Hilary, I think Dad is pitiful. Mom and Grandpa are both angry with him." In Hilary's car, Amy was thinking about Halbert's pitiful look.
	"He deserves it. He makes decisions without consulting others. Our family's affairs are complicated. Amy, I don't want to live at home for the time being. I don't look down on rural people. But Addy and my grandma are selfish and petty, so I disdain them." When Hilary was young, she went to the countryside to see Eva and Addy.
	Later on, when she grew up, she didn't go anymore. Eva and Addy were disgusting. She couldn't stand it. Cathy definitely couldn't stand them. This was all caused by her father. There was nothing she could do about it. He had to face it.
	When Amy arrived at the company, she discovered that a new office had been renovated across from the president's office. The facilities inside were not inferior to Richard's office. It was luxurious.
	This room had always been lying idle. Why did it suddenly get renovated?
	Richard had a meeting today. Just as Amy was about to push the door open and enter, she saw Allison walk out from the opposite office.
	"Amy, you finally return to work. Look at the changes in the company during your absence. A new vice president will take office. I heard that she was a woman. Her office has been renovated and I'm the overseer. Richard believes in my taste."
	"Then congratulations on winning Mr. Carter's trust." Amy looked at the proud Allison and wanted to laugh.
	"Miss Field, what is the relationship between that vice president and you?" Amy pretended to be childish.
	"Nothing. I just heard that she was a beautiful and competent woman. Amy, come and see what else is needed in this room. If there's anything wrong, give me some advice." Seeing that Amy did not show any signs of anger, Allison asked Amy to take a look at the decoration on the other side.
	"I'm not interested. I have something to do. We can talk later." Amy turned around and was about to enter her office.
	"Amy, what do you think of Richard's intention? He even arranged the vice president's office to be opposite him. He can look at her once he looks up. Well, it's hard to see through men." Allison continued to speak behind Amy.
Chapter 150 The Mysterious Female Vice President
	Jealous, Allison watched Amy walk into Richard's office. But when she thought of the new female vice president, her jealousy dissipated a little. She could set things up against Amy with that vice president.
	Allison did not understand why Richard would care that much for the vice president. When Allison heard this news a week ago, she was furious. What was Richard going to do?
	If the female vice president came, wouldn't she have more opponents?
	But then, Allison thought that she could make friends with this female vice president and then they could work in unison against Amy. Amy was Richard's wife, so she was Allison's greatest enemy. Allison could deal with other enemies later.
	Allison entered the vice president's office where the final repair work was being carried on. She looked at the decoration here. It could be seen that Richard was fond of this female vice president. Who could it be? Allison was curious.
	Amy did not take Allison's words seriously. Since Richard decided to hire this vice president, she was definitely somebody and was helpful to him. Since Amy could not help him, she wasn't jealous of this vice president.
	Amy read through all the documents Richard placed on her desk and commented as much as she could. She wrote down what she wasn't sure about in a notebook and planned to leave it to Richard after he came back.
	Amy quickly finished reading the thick pile of documents. She didn't even have time to catch her breath. Hannah called her.
	"Amy, do you think that Kevin is mad? I told Cadman that I wouldn't go to HA Group. But Kevin threatened Cadman that if I didn't go, he wouldn't talk to HD Group." Hannah chattered away. Amy held her phone a distance away from her ears, for Hannah's voice was ear-piercing.
	"Well, Hannah, speak slowly. I don't understand." Amy picked her ears. She was almost deafened by Hannah's voice.
	"Alright, I mean Kevin is annoying. He insists that I go to HA Group, but I don't want to go. What should I do?" Hannah felt embarrassed when she thought of Kevin. She wanted to avoid him now. After knowing that Kevin was the little boy she had been missing, she was completely unable to face Kevin.
	"Then what are you afraid of? Just go. This will be your order and you will get a high commission." Amy did not know what happened to Hannah.
	"Well, I haven't told you about that yet. Kevin is the owner of my necklace. Now I know the truth. How can I face him?" Hannah finally remembered that she hadn't told Amy that Kevin was the person she had been waiting for.
	"What did you say? Hannah, aren't you a little off?" Amy knew that there was always someone in Hannah's heart. For Hannah, that person was like a god.
	"Wait a moment. I'll talk to you right away. Are you in the office?" Hannah felt that she couldn't explain clearly on the phone. Having confirmed that Amy was in the office, she took the phone and went to Amy's office.
	"Amy, why am I so pitiful?" Hannah walked into the office and saw that Richard was not around. She hugged Amy and cried.
	"Alright, talk slowly. What exactly is going on? I'm confused." Amy comforted Hannah and asked her to sit down before serving her a cup of tea.
	"Here's the story." Hannah calmed herself down. She told Amy that she found out Kevin was the boy she had been missing. She couldn't accept it for a while.
	In her mind, that child was a god.
	But Kevin was a notorious playboy, so she couldn't accept it. It turned out that the person in her heart was such a person. Thus, Hannah had an inner conflict.
	"How could it be like this?" Even Amy felt that this was too absurd.
	"I don't want to believe it either, but that's the truth! Amy, what do you think I should do now? He knows that I carried a torch for him when he was a teenager. How pleased he will be with himself and how mercilessly he will laugh at me!" Hannah felt that a person like Kevin would definitely be smug about it if he knew someone had been loving him from a distance for years.
	"But I remember you told me that if you met the boy one day again, you would pounce on him to express your feelings. Am I mistaken?" Amy looked at Hannah mockingly.
	"I'm so depressed. Amy, stop laughing at me!" Hannah blushed. Back then, she did say that if that boy appeared in her line of sight, she would directly pounce on him.
	"I don't understand what you're afraid of. Even if Kevin knows that he is your Prince Charming, he won't eat you. Just go to meet him and earn the commission. If you like him, keep him in touch. If you don't like him, forget about it. Let that boy live in your heart forever." Amy looked at Hannah in confusion. Hannah was much more courageous than her Amy did not expect that Hannah would be so cowardly sometimes.
	Hannah listened to Amy's analysis. She didn't cry anymore. It seemed reasonable. There was nothing to be afraid of.
	It turned out that she had wasted a lot of time worrying about it. Why did she forget everything out of anxiety? She even forgot to follow her heart.
	"That's right. What am I afraid of? It's not embarrassing to like someone. I didn't know that boy was him. Amy, you're suitable to be a secretary. You are getting better and better at giving people guidance." Hannah was suddenly enlightened. She hugged Amy and kissed her.
	"By the way, Amy, when I came here, I saw that the opposite office was being renovated. I heard that a new female vice president was going to take office. What's going on?" After Hannah came around, she began to gossip.
	"I don't know. I only knew it when I came here today." Amy shook her head.
	"Amy, let me remind you. Richard suddenly hired a female vice president. You have to be careful. Their offices are opposite, and they often discuss things together. It's inevitable that something will happen. What annoys me the most is Allison's complacent expression, as if she knows something!" Hannah reminded Amy.
Chapter 151 Who Is the Vice President
	"Miss Miller, please go to the conference room to attend the board meeting." A secretary came to the president's office to invite Amy to the board meeting.
	"The board meeting? I'm not a member of the board of directors. How can I go to it? Nina, are you mistaken?" Amy was dumbfounded. She was just a secretary. How could she attend the board meeting?
	"No, I'm not, Miss Miller. Mr. Carter asked you to hurry up. The meeting is about to start." The secretary urged Amy. Of course, Nina did not know what was going on. Richard personally instructed Amy to go to the meeting.
	Amy packed up the things in front of her, closed the door and went to the conference room.
	There were many directors in the meeting room. Amy sat in a corner. There was a file in front of each seat. Amy felt embarrassed sitting there, so she took the file and read it.
	Very quickly, all the directors of HD Group arrived. When they saw Amy, they all looked at her with a strange expression.
	Amy kept smiling at those directors, so she got stiff cheeks.
	Richard was the last person to enter the arena. He was in a black Italian hand-made suit and his white shirt was tightly buttoned. There was not a trace of a smile on his handsome face. People would be awed by his domineering aura.
	Richard walked into the meeting room and looked around. He saw Amy sitting in a corner, pretending to be focusing on the document in her hand. However, Richard knew that she definitely couldn't bring herself to read it.
	Amy held the paper upside down, but she failed to notice it.
	There was a seat left on Richard's left hand. The sign 'Vice President' was on that seat.
	"Alright, all the directors are here. I hold such a board meeting today, for I want to inform everyone something about the investment. Besides, I’ll announce a letter of appointment today." Richard ignored Amy and started the meeting.
	Amy didn't even hear what Richard said. The moment she entered, she saw that the president's left hand was the seat of the vice president. Hannah and Allison both warned her to be careful of that vice president, because she was a beauty.
	However, Richard asked Amy to attend the board meeting. There were no documents that she needed to deliver. What was Richard up to do? Was he afraid of Amy's misunderstanding, so he wanted Amy to meet this vice president?
	While Amy was trying to figure things out, Richard had finished everything he wanted to say.
	"Alright, I have highly paid a vice president. She has business acumen. Her suggestions for HD Group's important projects are not inferior to mine at all. The cooperation proposal with Field Group was put forward by her, which allowed our cooperation with Field Group to achieve a satisfactory result." Richard first spoke highly of the vice president.
	The directors present held the document in their hands and began to read it. There was a brief introduction to the vice president on it.
	Everyone turned their gazes to Amy.
	Amy was lost in her thought. She felt that many people were staring at her, so she hurriedly looked up, thinking that they wanted her to do something.
	"Do you need anything?" Amy asked in a low voice. She didn't hear anything just now, for she was thinking about the female vice president.
	"Alright, I will announce the appointment letter. HD Group will appoint Miss Miller as the vice president, and I will give her 5% of the shares. Let's welcome Miss Miller to join the board of directors." Richard took the lead and applauded.
	Other directors were cooperative. In any case, Richard had the final say. He held 40% of HD Group's shares and was the main shareholder.
	William and Jacob were unhappy. 'Richard, you even recommend your wife to the board of directors. Do you want absolute power?
	Amy was stunned. What? The female vice president was her? Richard had never told her before, so she failed to take it all of a sudden.
	"Let's welcome the new vice president to give us a few words." Richard asked Amy to speak.
	However, Amy was not prepared at all. She stood up and did not know what to say. Fortunately, she got a quick brain. She immediately thought of what she should say.
	She said something about her plans after taking office. Besides, she modestly asked everyone to support her and help her.
	Richard was satisfied with her reaction. Although he didn't tell her that he had made her the vice president, he trusted Amy's brain.
	After Amy finished speaking, everyone applauded and the board meeting ended.
	After everyone else left, Amy walked up to Richard.
	"Don't sit too far away from me in the meetings. Your seat is on my left. It is the closest to my heart." Richard packed up the things in his hands and said to Amy with a smile.
	"Richard, why didn't you tell me? I wasn't prepared at all. I was almost scared out of wits just now." Amy looked at Richard reproachfully.
	"This is my test for you. If I told you, you would have been prepared and your speech would not have been as good as today's impromptu one. You were awesome." Richard gave Amy a big hug.
	"Why do you trust me so much? What if I make a fool of myself? What will you do? People will laugh at you for choosing me. By the way, Richard, why do you appoint me as the vice president of HD Group? I don't have any experience." Amy was a little in-confident.
	Although she was talented in dealing with the documents in Richard's hands, she wasn't competent enough to be a vice president.
	"You don't need experience but your heart. Follow your heart and read those documents that are sent to you. Your intuition is very important." Since Amy stood the series of tests, Richard was satisfied with her.
	"But I..." Amy was about to say something when Richard kissed her lips. They kissed each other in the conference room.
	Amy looked around nervously. She was afraid that someone would come into the conference room.
	"Don't be afraid. No one will come in. Close your eyes and enjoy the moment" After Richard finished speaking, he moved his mouth close to Amy’s again. Her lips were soft and sweet so that he was reluctant to let them go.
	"I'm sorry. I'm here to put the teacup away." Allison pushed open the door and saw Richard and Amy were smooching. She deliberately made a loud noise to interrupt their intimacy.
Chapter 152 The Vice President's Office
	Allison almost wanted to pick a fight with Amy, when Jacob told her that Amy was the new female vice president of HD Group. Everything that happened was beyond Allison's expectation.
	"How could Amy be the new vice president? How could she be qualified?" Allison asked Jacob while holding his arm tightly. Her fingernails were even dug into Jacob's arm.
	"I am also surprised, but Richard has the most shares among members of the board of directors. The other directors agreed to Richard's decision because they don't want to offend him. William and I just cannot stop him." Jacob felt sorry for Allison as he saw how upset she was.
	"Allison, don't worry too much about it. What does Amy know? I will look for opportunities to kick her out." Jacob promised Allison.
	"Leave me alone now. I need time to calm myself down." Allison asked Jacob to leave her alone. She went to the conference room subconsciously and heard people talking inside. She pushed the door open and saw that Richard and Amy were kissing.
	"Help us tidy up the room, thanks. Miss Miller, let's go." Richard helped Amy carry her things in his hands, and he walked arm in arm with Amy towards the door.
	Seeing that there were several teacups on the table, Allison could only tidy them up. That was obviously not her job, but Richard still asked her to do it. She felt heartbroken.
	Were all feelings Richard once had for Allison gone now? Allison did not believe it. She felt that Richard must be trying to take revenge on her because she had once left him.
	Allison's grip on one of the teacups was too tight because she was lost in her thoughts. With a crack, the teacup broke.
	"Hey, Miss Field, what are you doing?" Hilary poked her head in the room as she heard the noise. She had just heard that the new vice president of the company was Amy and was on her way to look for Amy. But she heard the sound of something breaking from inside the conference room when she walked past the room.
	"Hilary, you're here. Could you please bring me the broom?" Allison immediately greeted Hilary when she saw Hilary.
	"Miss Field, I'm quite busy. I don't have the time. I'm sorry. You can take your time cleaning the room. I must go now." Hilary didn't even want to talk to Allison.
	In the past, when Richard was nice with Allison, Allison thought she was so special and disdained everyone else. She wanted to make it up to Hilary, but it was simply too late now!
	Hilary turned around and went out. She did not care how angry Allison was. In fact, the angrier Allison was, the happier Hilary felt.
	Hilary was so joyful that she even whistled. When she went to the Vice President's Office, she found that there was no one inside.
	"Weird. Where's Amy?" Hilary thought for a moment, and she thought that Amy might be in the opposite room. She walked over and opened the door of Richard's office.
	"Amy?" Hilary poked her head in first, but she didn't see Amy there. She only saw that Richard was staring at her.
	"Richard, you're busy with your work, aren't you? I know you are, so I will leave you alone. But you have to tell me where Amy is." Hilary walked up to Richard and looked around in an exaggerative manner.
	"She's changing her clothes in the lounge." Richard lowered his head and began to work again.
	Hilary thought to herself that Richard's words were pregnant with meaning. Why did Amy have to change her clothes again? Hilary peeked at Richard and then at the door of the lounge which was still closed.
	"Don't fantasize about what you shouldn't think about. You're a grown woman now, so hold it. Don't tell me I haven't warn you about it if you can't find a husband in the future." Richard didn't even raise his head, but he knew what Hilary was thinking.
	Amazed by her brother's words, Hilary didn't dare to fantasize about what Richard and Amy had done any longer. She knocked on the door of the lounge.
	"Amy, it's me, Hilary." Hilary called out to Amy.
	"One second." Amy replied in the room. She finished changing her clothes, looked at herself in the mirror, and then walked out the lounge.
	"Wow, Amy, you look sharp no matter what you wear! My brother just bought this dress for you, didn't he? It's very beautiful, but it's also a bit too conservative. I can't even see your neck." It turned out that Richard just bought a new dress for Amy.
	Women usually showed their neck or back when they wore dresses, but the dress Richard bought for Amy almost covered every part of her body. Both her neck and her arms were completed wrapped in cloth.
	"She's my wife, so she can show her body in front of me only. Of course, she should wear a relatively conservative dress when she is with others. Did you even think before you spoke, my sister?" Richard was satisfied with the dress Amy was wearing.
	Richard and Amy were going to attend a party tonight. Since Amy had been promoted as the vice president today, Richard wanted to introduce her to others.
	Hilary stuck out her tongue. She knew that her brother was conservative. But since Amy was so beautiful, Hilary did not want other men to hit on Amy, either.
	"Richard, what kind of brother are you? Why didn't you tell me that you have made Amy the new vice president? You don't care about my authority in the company at all. When people asked me if I knew about the news, I could only answer them that I didn't know." Hilary was happy that Amy had become the new vice president, but she was not so happy that Richard had kept it a secret.
	"Your authority? I didn't know you had something like that. Well, can you take Miss Miller to her office? I still have something to do. I'll meet you two there when I'm done." Richard was busy recently, because there were a few contracts with big companies.
	"Okay. You can get on with your work. Amy, let's go." Hilary pulled Amy to the Vice President's Office which was just opposite.
	"Wow, Miss Miller, look! My brother must have design things here by himself. Everything here is so sweet and feminine. Look at the flowers and the sky-blue curtains. Well, I never knew that he could be so considerate. I thought he only likes black and white!" Hilary walked around and looked at the design of the office with envy.
	This office was indeed quite big. It was about the same size as Richard's office, but the decoration in Amy's office was warm. Many things were blue and pink.
	"Hilary, how do you know that this is your brother's design?" Amy had never come to see her office before. She really liked it when she saw it today. It was just the kind of office she wanted.
	"You will know what my brother's style is in the future. He likes simple-looking extravagance. Look at the legs of this table. People usually don't care much about them. But my brother has them wrapped in gold. And the windowsill. It is also wrapped in gold. This is his style." Hilary introduced Richard's style to Amy.
	Amy also looked around and found that Hilary was right. Richard had gold inlaid everywhere, but his style was not vulgar. Instead, everything looked low-key, luxurious, and elegant.
	"Wow, look at this. Amy, I'm sure you're the first girl for whom my brother has designed this." Hilary pointed to a place and said to Amy.
Chapter 153 A Party with Cooperative Partners
	Amy looked at the place where Hilary was pointing at and saw a small cabinet next to her desk. There was an induction stove on top of the cabinet.
	Was there anything special about that? It was true that there was usually no induction stove beside a desk, but Amy could not think of what it was for.
	"Don't you know why he designed this for you? Amy, you like tea, don't you? This is a stove for making tea. My brother knows that your tea might get cold after a while, so he has even designed something that could keep your tea warm. Look at this. If you put your cup here, your tea won't get cold. And the drawer. Open it and have a look. I'm sure there're your favorite snacks there." Hilary pointed at the drawer at the lower part of the cabinet.
	Amy opened the drawer and found that there were really snacks and sweets that she liked.
	"Hilary, how do you know your brother so well?" Amy felt touched after she understood that Richard had even designed the details.
	"Because he has asked me a while ago what kind of office a girl would like. I told him a lot of unrealistic things, but I didn't expect that he could really make them real." Hilary pointed at many things in the office that Richard designed for Amy. Even the sofa in the office was white. The entire office was just magnificent.
	"Come here. Let's have some snacks. Your brother bought too much snacks. I can't eat them up by myself." Amy took out the snacks and gave them to Hilary generously.
	The two of them started eating while sitting on the sofa. Hilary told Amy about Richard's childhood. They chatted joyfully.
	"Alright, it's almost time. We should leave now. Hilary, tidy up this place. Why did you litter everywhere? This is Amy's new office." Richard looked at the packages of snacks on the tea table and frowned.
	"I also ate the snacks. Let me clean it up." Amy hurriedly wanted to tidy up the table.
	"No, leave it to me. Richard has asked me to clean it up. Just go with him. Otherwise, he will take away my allowance again." Hilary stopped Amy. She didn't want her allowance to be deducted.
	"Come with me. You need to put on some makeup. It's inappropriate to go to a party without makeup, even though your face is pretty without it." In fact, Richard didn't like it when Amy dressed up, because other men might hit on her if she was too beautiful.
	"Help her put on some light makeup that goes with her dress today." Richard said to Bellamy.
	Bellamy glanced at Amy and thought that she was beautiful today, too. She was like a goddess just with light makeup.
	But he found the dress Amy was wearing unbelievable. Even though Amy looked pretty good in it, it was just too conservative. Almost every part of Amy's body was hidden. Fortunately, the dress still showed Amy's pretty legs.
	Bellamy looked at Richard again. Richard was also looking at him. Bellamy smiled at Richard, and then he began to put on makeup for Amy.
	Many important people including foreign investors of the HD Group would attend the party today.
	Richard arrived early today, and there were not so many people in the hall at the moment. He took Amy to a quiet place. They could enjoy the sight while having tea there.
	Richard took advantage of the time and introduced the purpose of today's party to Amy. The party would provide major enterprises in R City an opportunity to persuade foreign investors to make investments here.
	Richard also gave Amy a brief introduction of the international tycoons who would be there today. He told Amy five of them. He did not expect Amy to remember them all. He thought it was enough if she could remember one or two of them. It was not easy to remember them all, because their preferences varied greatly. Moreover, those tycoons had not arrived yet. It was not easy to distinguish between them when Amy hadn't even met them in person.
	"Alright, that's the basic information of them. Don't be anxious. I just want you to get a sense. The two people with whom we should try to establish cooperation today are Mr. Yuris Keller and Ms. Sherry Rose. They are the richest people in Europe." Richard patted Amy on the shoulder after saying that.
	"Don't be nervous, I'll also be there! You only need to help me from time to time." Richard whispered to Amy.
	He admired Amy for her business acumen and judgment, so he also wanted Amy to try using her skills today.
	"Okay, I see. Richard, many people have arrived. You should go and greet them. I can sit by myself here." Amy had seen people walking towards them, and someone was already trying to greet Richard.
	"Alright, I'll go and say hello to them. I'll come back to you later." Seeing that Amy had settled down, Richard filled her cup with tea again and then went to greet his cooperative partners.
	Amy went through what Richard had just told her in her head, and she managed to remember everything after that. She drank her tea while looking at the guests entering the hall quietly.
	Many foreigners came to the party today. There were at least a few dozen foreign men and women. Many of them had blond hair and blue eyes. It was really not so easy to distinguish between them if anyone saw them for the first time.
	Amy stood up, picked up a glass of kiwi fruit juice, and slowly walked towards the guests.
	She walked up to a lady and offered her the glass of juice in her hand.
	"Hello, Ms. Rose. Would you like something to drink?"
	Sherry looked at Amy in surprise. She knew that the girl in front of her was definitely not a waitress, because she was wearing a dress with the latest design of the season. Sherry didn't know how Amy could tell that she was Sherry Rose when there were so many women with blond hair and blue eyes there.
	But Sherry was also an experienced businesswoman after all. Even though she was very surprised, she managed to calm herself down in just a second.
	"I think you made a mistake. I'm not Sherry Rose, but thank you for the juice." Sherry had been greeted by many people in many parties before. She thought Amy was just a pretty girl hired by those people who wanted to cooperate with her. And she thought that Amy only recognized her by chance.
	"Ms. Rose, I didn't make a mistake. It's true that there are many ladies here, but I know you're Ms. Sherry Rose from your manners and the look on your face. There's another clue. You are left-handed." Amy raised the glass of carrot juice in her hand and took a sip.
	"What's your name? You look young. I'm sure we haven't met. I saw that you came to greet me on your own. Nobody has introduced me to you. You're really a perceptive girl." Sherry also took a sip of her kiwi fruit juice. That was her favorite drink.
	"Ms. Rose, I'm Amy Miller. I'm the Vice President of HD Group." Seeing that Sherry's attitude had softened, Amy offered her left hand. She was careful with what she was doing. Sherry was left-handed, so she offered her left hand.
	Sherry had an even better impression of Amy after she saw what Amy was doing. She knew that Amy was a considerate girl. It was not easy to find a girl like Amy now, since all girls saw themselves as princesses now.
Chapter 154 A Girl with Good Manners
	"Hello, I'm Sherry Rose. Nice to meet you. You said you're Amy, right? I think there must be something special about you, since you become the Vice President of HD Group so young." Sherry also relaxed a bit. She began to talk to Amy.
	"Ms. Rose, let's take a seat, shall we? You're wearing high heels, and you might feel tired if you stand for too long. The party will last for hours." Amy suggested thoughtfully.
	"You're right. Let's go." Sherry took another deep look at Amy. Even though Amy looked young, Sherry could already tell from Amy's words that she was a girl with good manners. Sherry began to wonder if Amy also had any unique insights into business.
	They found a quiet corner to sit down. Amy let Sherry sit in a seat with a good view, so Sherry could have a good rest while looking at the whole hall.
	"A lot of my friends are coming to the party today. This is my third time in China. I like Chinese tea culture very much." Sherry deliberately brought up a difficult topic.
	Young people nowadays liked coffee and other drinks better, even though many of them didn't know much about their own country's tea culture, which had a long history.
	Sherry wanted to make Amy retreat by showing her that the business world was not for every person.
	"Ms. Rose, you have an elegant hobby. I know that many foreigners are interested in our tea culture, but they usually find it too difficult. I didn't know that you have good knowledge of the tea culture." Amy had been talking to Sherry in French. She was very respectful to Sherry, but she did not grovel. And even though had more knowledge about tea than Sherry, she still made Sherry feel proud of herself.
	Sherry looked at Amy with new eyes after talking to her. She knew that a girl who had such a thorough understanding of Chinese tea culture must be a well-educated girl.
	"Hello, Ms. Rose. There you are. I've been looking for you for a while." A middle-aged Frenchman with brown hair and glowing ruddy cheeks walked over and greeted Sherry.
	"Who is this?" The middle-aged Frenchman spoke with a slight accent. His French was not as standard as Sherry's.
	"Hello, Mr. Keller. Nice to meet you. Please allow me to introduce myself first. I am the Vice President of HD Group, Amy Miller." Amy introduced herself to Yuris in fluent French.
	"Amy? Are you sure my name is Keller?" Yuris looked at Amy. He turned his head to look at the other foreigners in the hall. There were other men with brown hair who had similar build with him. He did not know how Amy could tell that he was Yuris Keller.
	"Mr. Keller, I know I didn't make a mistake. It's true that there are five men with brown hair among all the foreigners here, and four of them and you are of same age. But Mr. Keller, you like to grow a beard. Or to be precise, a moustache. And you like brown leather shoes the best. The other four guests all wear black leather shoes." Amy told her analysis to Yuris.
	"She's not bad. Sherry, you are in good company." Yuris gave Amy an approving look.
	"Yeah, she is really an interesting girl. I was also surprised when she recognized me at a glance. It seems that the HD Group really treats us with respect." Sherry nodded at Amy.
	"Ms. Rose, Mr. Keller, it's almost time for the opening remarks of the party. I won't delay you any longer. You could just get on with your own business first." Amy did not try to keep Sherry and Yuris there. Instead, she asked them to go to the center of the hall, because she knew that the organizer of the party would introduce those foreign investors to the entrepreneurs from R City at the party.
	"Our party today begins now. Now, I would like to introduce to you our foreign friends at the party today." The organizer of the party was an investment promotion company in R City, and the host was the mayor.
	Then, the mayor introduced the foreign tycoons to everyone. Investing in R City was also a dream of many foreigners who liked Chinese culture, so there were many foreign guests there today.
	After the introduction, the mayor gave a speech. He said he hoped that all companies could find good business opportunities at today's party. In other words, he encouraged all the entrepreneurs to persuade the foreign guests to make investments.
	"Hey, Amy, my dear, you're here too. I heard that you're the Vice President of HD Group now. Congratulations." Mrs. Newell came up to Amy. She saw Amy from afar, but she didn't go over when Amy was talking to Sherry and Yuris.
	Amy had been standing next to Sherry to keep her company after the party began.
	Mrs. Newell and Sherry had been good friends for many years, so they also talked to each other for a while.
	When someone else tried to talk to Sherry, Mrs. Newell went to talk to Amy.
	"Hello, Mrs. Newell. Thank you. Would you like something to eat? Shall I get something for you?" Alcohol was the major thing at the party, but there were also many delicious dishes. Amy knew that Mrs. Newell might be hungry now.
	"Oh, thank you. Just bring me something you like and that's find." Mrs. Newell took a seat and waited for Amy there.
	The reason why Mrs. Newell asked Amy to bring her something Amy liked was because she cared about her daughter and wanted to know what her daughter liked to eat.
	Soon, Amy came back with two plates on her hands.
	"Mrs. Newell, the cake tastes soft and smooth. There is just some light cream on it, so you won't find it too greasy. There are many kinds of vegetables in this salad. It should taste good, too. I've also brought you some cod fish. It's tender and with no bones." Amy had thought carefully about what she should bring to Mrs. Newell. All the food she brought was both delicious and nutritious.
	"Oh, I'm satisfied with what you have brought me, but why is your food different from mine?" Mrs. Newell discovered that the food on her daughter's plate was different from the food on her plate.
	"Well, Mrs. Newell, I love spicy food very much. I don't think you can have too much spicy food, so I didn't put that on your plate." Amy explained. She would almost lose her appetite if she did not have anything spicy in a meal. She got that habit from Stephen.
	"Oh, you're right. I can't handle spicy food so well." Mrs. Newell had lived abroad for many years, so she could not have too much spicy food. However, she had made up her mind. She wanted to keep up with her daughter, so she would also try eating more spicy food.
	"Amy, I'm sorry. I run into many friends just now, and I was talking to them. Sorry for leaving you alone." Richard did not see that Amy was enjoying the food with Mrs. Newell at a table until now.
	"That's fine. The opportunity today is priceless. You can get on with your work if you're busy. I can handle it here." Amy answered Richard thoughtfully.
	"Mrs. Newell, my wife will keep you company today. Please excuse me. I'll have a drink with Mr. Newell now." Richard greeted Mrs. Newell and left again.
Chapter 155 Allison's Mr. McDreamy
	"Hello, Mrs. Newell. You are here too?" Sherry and her friends toasted each other. She looked for her friends everywhere. She didn't expect that they would be with Amy.
	She paid special attention to Amy. Mrs. Newell had a bad temper. If she wanted to get close to her by some means, she would turn against her at any time. However, Mrs. Newell was talking happily with Amy at this time.
	"Sherry, come here and take a seat. I believe you already know this person. I saw you two chatting just now." Mrs. Newell beckoned Sherry to sit opposite her.
	"Ms. Rose, I'll go get something to eat for you. You drank so many drinks, and you may be starving." Amy stood up and was about to get Sherry something to eat.
	"Do you know what I like?" Sherry looked at the things on Mrs. Newell's plate and asked Amy.
	"Then please tell me. I'll get it for you." Although Amy knew Sherry's preferences, she couldn't be willful at this time. She had to listen to her opinions.
	"Then I'll make my preference a test for you. If you satisfy me, I'll consider working with your HD Group." Before Amy could say anything, Sherry opened her mouth.
	However, Amy felt a lot of pressure. She hoped that Richard's information was correct. If it wasn't, things would be messed up.
	According to the information Richard gave her, she picked food for Sherry. Sherry liked fish very much. Basically, she ate all kinds of fish, but she was very particular about the parts of the fish. She only ate their belly.
	Sherry didn't eat pork but tender beef. In terms of vegetables, she liked any kind of them.
	Amy took the plate after she finished picking.
	"Ms. Rose, please, I hope you will like it." Amy respectfully placed the plate in front of Sherry.
	"Amy, aren't you too arrogant? Look at what you've chosen. Ms. Rose doesn't like cake." A person rushed out from behind Amy. She greeted Sherry warmly.
	"Hello, Ms. Rose. We haven't seen each other for a long time." Allison held Hadrian's arm and walked over.
	"Allison, hello, my darling. It's been a long time since I've seen you. Is your leg alright?" Sherry was also very happy to see Allison.
	The two gave each other a warm hug and then looked at each other.
	"My darling, you are getting more and more beautiful! Your shape is so good. It's really enviable." Sherry looked at the beautiful Allison and praised her.
	Today, Allison was wearing a white gown decorated with white camlet. She looked like a fairy, and it was completely different from Amy's style.
	Amy was reserved, Allison was open, Amy was noble, and Allison looked like a deity. They were the two highlights of today's reception.
	When Hadrian saw that his sister was talking with an acquaintance, he went to talk to his friend about business.
	Today's opportunity was something that businessmen wanted to seize as it meant money.
	"Ms. Rose, can I change the food for you?" Allison said to Sherry.
	"No need, I like cake now, and I especially like this kind of mousse cake. It was brought by Mrs. Newell. I like cake as much as she does now." Sherry did not ask Allison to change the food for her. She was very satisfied with the food that Amy had given her.
	Allison glanced at Amy and the smile on her face froze. This world really changed quickly. She remembered that Sherry did not like desserts, but now she was going to accept it, which embarrassed her.
	"Then Ms. Rose, Mrs. Newell, I'll go get myself something to eat. What else you need?" Allison behaved herself. She needed to be a likeable woman.
	"No need. Just get your own. What a good girl." Sherry liked Allison very much. Sherry liked ballet, and Allison danced very well, so Sherry's preference of her stemmed from that.
	Unfortunately, Allison's legs were broken, and ballet had become her past.
	Andy had been watching Amy from afar while silently drinking a glass of red wine.
	Richard was interesting. He made Amy vice president. Andy didn't understand what he meant.
	In Andy's impression, Amy was a cute and beautiful girl. She had no sense of business at all. Now that she had become the vice president of HD Group, Andy was a little suspicious of Richard's intentions.
	Amy was chatting with Sherry and Mrs. Newell, and she did not notice that Andy was looking at her.
	Allison took a little food. She did not dare to eat so much like Amy did. She was afraid of gaining weight. In addition, she had practiced dancing for many years, so she had developed the habit of eating very little.
	She walked towards Sherry's seat with the plate in her hand and saw Andy looking ahead.
	Allison's heart was filled with excitement. Andy? He was here too? For her?
	Thus, Allison walked over with her plate. Looking at Andy's handsome face, she stuttered, "Andy, what are you doing here?"
	"Allison?" Andy looked at her and was surprised.
	"Yes, it's me. We've met again. It's been more than six months, right? How are you doing?" Allison asked Andy.
	This man was someone that she had always been thinking about in her heart. She was so cheap. When Richard doted on her, she chose the cold Andy.
	Richard did not like her anymore. She felt regretful and wanted to take Richard back.
	After comparison, Allison felt that Richard fitted her better because he had pampered her so much in the past. It looked like he didn't like her anymore, but he was definitely taking revenge on her. Allison firmly believed in this.
	"I'm good." Andy did not like Allison, but he didn't hate her. It was just that he had heard that this woman had once pursued him. He only heard about it because he had never cared about her.
	"Andy, when did you come back? Why didn't you tell me? We are friends in France. I can send you off when you leave." Allison approached Andy and looked at him with puppy eyes.
	Andy was her Mr. McDreamy. She had been fond of him since school, but he had always been cold and never smiled at her. She really did not know what woman such a man would like.
Chapter 156 A Sinister Heart
	Allison was full of enthusiasm, but Andy had always been cold, making her feel bored. She said goodbye to Andy and walked towards Sherry.
	Allison had completely given up on Andy, so she did not have any indiscriminate thoughts towards him. Right now, the only person she wanted to catch was Richard. She believed that as long as her sincerity to repent was shown, Richard would change his mind as he had loved her so much.
	As she was eating with Sherry, Allison felt a gaze from afar. She looked up and saw that Andy was looking in this direction. She looked left and right. There were all irrelevant people, and there were few young women other than herself and Amy.
	Andy's gaze was focused. He had been staring at a place all this time. In the end, Allison was sure that the person Andy was looking at was Amy.
	However, Amy was talking to Mrs. Newell and Sherry, and she did not notice Andy's gaze.
	She was a real vixen. Her ability to hook up with men was not bad. Even Andy had been attracted. Allison hated Amy even more in her heart. This woman should never exist.
	"Allison, my darling, why are you eating so little? Look at how much Amy has. You need to eat more. When you are married and get pregnant, both you and the baby will be healthy." Seeing that Allison ate so little, Sherry was anxious for her.
	"Ms. Rose, I've been dancing since I was a child. I can't eat much, but I am healthy. Amy should eat more. She had a miscarriage and her body is very weak." Allison deliberately talked about Amy's miscarriage.
	Allison tricked Richard into going abroad with her. They were away for two months and it caused a misunderstanding between the couple. However, she did not expect that Amy was a fool. She forgave Richard so quickly.
	"You had a miscarriage? Then you really need to eat properly. Nurture your body and have another baby." Although Sherry had never been married, she was kind. She was concerned about Amy.
	"Alright, thank you, Ms. Rose." Amy smiled and agreed. She had eaten a lot. She didn't care what Allison said. Being full was the most important thing. She knew very well that Allison wanted to create a grudge between herself and Richard. However, since she had chosen to forgive Richard, she would believe him.
	Matt brought Gina to the reception. He had heard that Amy had become the vice president of HD Group. He actually felt less guilty. Amy was a good girl, but she was not born into a good family. Unfortunately for this woman, the Miller Group was destined to be acquired by Wilson Group. Matt still had ambitions for Amy.
	"Matt, there are a lot of tycoons here today. If we win a few projects, then your father will definitely agree to your joining the board of directors." Gina watched these people talking to each other. She was fantasizing about many enterprises cooperating with Wilson Group. As long as Matt became a member of the board of directors, her chances of being a Wilson would be higher.
	"These people aren't easy to deal with. Why haven't I seen Amy? Isn't she the vice president of HD Group? She should be here today." Matt was eager to see Amy.
	"Matt, she was a woman. How could she be the vice president of HD Group? She must have played some tricks. You were right to leave her. Otherwise, the Wilson Group might be controlled by her." Gina did not dare to show her anger to Matt at this time. She tried her best to slander Amy. From Matt's eyes, she could tell that he still liked Amy.
	"It's usual for a woman to play tricks. Didn't you embarrass Amy the same way? On the contrary, I admire scheming women. If you have the tricks to become the vice president of Wilson Group, I will immediately marry you." Matt rolled his eyes at Gina.
	At this moment, Matt felt that woman would be cute if she played small tricks, but if she went too far, she would be annoying.
	Not only did this woman get rid of his Amy, she also cuckolded him. If it wasn't for the fact that she had won the cooperation of HD Group, he would have kicked her away long ago.
	Gina saw that Matt was glaring at herself, she was so guilty that she didn't say anything.
	"This young lady is really beautiful. May I have the honor to treat you to a drink?" As the two were talking, a blonde foreigner walked over. He spoke to Gina and handed her the other goblet in his hand.
	Gina looked at Matt. She did not dare to drink it. This man looked very perverted. Matt would definitely be angry if she accepted it.
	"No, no, I can't drink." Gina looked at Matt with pleading eyes.
	"Are you Tom Werner?" Before Matt came, he had memorized the characteristics of those foreign tycoons. This was Tom, who had so much money that he didn't know how to spend it.
	But Tom had a very bad habit of being lecherous.
	"Yes, I am Tom. Who are you?" Tom looked at Matt and didn't know him.
	"Hello, Mr. Werner. I am Matt Wilson from Wilson Group." If it weren't for the fact that Wilson Group had an emergency, it wouldn't be Matt's turn to attend today's reception.
	"Wilson Group, oh, I've heard of it." Tom nodded. His eyes were fixed on Gina's chest. The silica gel inside made Gina's boobs tall and attractive.
	Matt had discovered Tom's intentions, so he winked at Gina.
	"Mr. Werner, it's my pleasure to drink with you. I'll go with you." Gina knew that Matt wanted her to take down Tom, and she was a little sad. Matt was just using her and did not love her.
	"Alright, Miss, what's your name?" Tom was very happy to see that Gina had agreed to drink with him. From the moment Gina entered, he saw that this woman was very plump and she fit his taste.
	"My name is Gina White. You can call me Gina." In order for Matt to obtain the project, Gina went all out.
	"Gina, I'll go and say hello to them. Drink with Tom. He is a jewelry man." Matt set a goal for Gina.
	"Alright, alright. Mr. Wilson, go. I'll stay with Gina. Come here, Gina, let's have a drink." When Tom saw Matt leave, his hands became restless. He hugged Gina's waist and leaned her tall boobs against him.
Chapter 157 Gina's Loyalty
	"Miss White, you are so good. I like you very much. Can you come with me to France?" Tom dressed himself and looked at Gina with his blue eyes.
	Gina's skirt had been wrinkled, but she had to wear it as she did not bring any other clothes with her.
	"Don't wear these clothes. The clothes I bought for you will arrive soon." Tom took off Gina's clothes again. Looking at her beautiful body, he kissed her excitedly.
	"Mr. Werner, does your cooperation with Wilson Group count?" At this time, Gina was still thinking of helping Matt.
	"Of course it counts. After you leave, ask Matt to bring over the project. I will take a look." Tom was very satisfied with Gina. Few of Chinese women were that open.
	"Okay." When Gina saw that her goal had been achieved, Matt would be nice to her for a long time.
	"Gina, are you sure you don't want to go back with me?" Gina's clothes had been delivered. Tom helped Gina put them on. Although they didn't look very gorgeous, they were very sexy when on Gina.
	"Thank you, Mr. Werner. I have no plans to go abroad for the time being. I will consider it if there is a chance in the future." Gina declined Tom's kindness.
	She was eager to see Matt and tell him the good news.
	Tom watched as Gina went away, and he enjoyed the aftertaste of contacting with her. He liked this woman, but he wasn't in a hurry. He would take time to win her heart.
	"Matt, Matt." Gina put on her clothes and hurriedly went to look for Matt.
	Halfway through the reception, Gina was nowhere to be seen. Matt knew that she must have left with Tom.
	However, it didn't matter. If she could get the project in this way, it would be good. In any case, he didn't plan to marry Gina, and it would be good to use her.
	He thought of a way to get close to Amy, but the big shots around her didn't leave him any chance at all. At this time, Gina came again. With her face full of lust, Matt knew what she had done without thinking.
	"What's wrong, Gina?" Matt looked very fond of Gina.
	"Matt, bring me the project. I'll show it to Tom." Gina pulled Matt to leave.
	The hickeys on her body disgusted Matt. When Matt looked at same thing on Amy's body on the second day of her wedding, he was not resigned in his heart.
	He was very clear about what kind of person Amy was, but he couldn't even have a taste of it before that pure woman lost her virginity.
	However, this Gina in front of him was disgusting. However, Matt did not show it. Just think of himself as a fool. When he became a member of the board of directors of Wilson Group, this woman would be useless.
	Following Gina, he arrived in front of Tom. Tom looked at Matt mockingly. He was disdainful to this man, who counted on a woman's body to advance.
	However, he had promised Gina that he would honor it. Wilson Group was not a small company and was worth the investment.
	Matt handed over the project to Tom.
	Tom read it and quickly signed his name.
	"I have signed the agreement, but I have one more request. During my five days in China, I want Gina to be by my side. We will have other projects in the future." Tom was very interested in Gina.
	Gina heard this from Tom, and she couldn't hold back any longer. She could explain to Matt what happened just now, but at this time, Tom had openly suggested it. She looked at Matt nervously.
	"If Gina has no objections, I will not object, either. It should be her fortune to be with you." Matt agreed.
	He didn't expect this woman to be so useful. Originally, Matt was prepared to spend a lot of effort to interact with these foreign tycoons.
	He didn't expect that Gina would be able to take down Tom by herself. Tom also said that there would be other projects in the future. That was great. If this went on, Matt would be a member of the board of directors very soon.
	"Matt, I..." Gina was a little afraid of Tom. This foreigner was too greedy, so greedy that she couldn't stand it anymore.
	"It's all right, Tom is a gentleman and he can take good care of you, Gina. Show Tom around the R City and introduce Chinese customs to him." Holding the contract signed by Tom, Matt was ecstatic.
	"Amy, Ms. Rose, Mrs. Newell, Allison, you're all here. I'll bring you some drinks." Richard walked over. He had reached a consensus with several foreign enterprises, so he was in a particularly good mood.
	"Mr. Carter, how are you? Your vice president is not bad. I like her very much." Sherry knew Richard, and she praised Amy in front of him.
	"I like her, too. Looks like Ms. Rose and I have the same hobbies. What an honor." Richard's humorous words made the atmosphere relaxing.
	He went to get juice for the four ladies, and each of them had a different one.
	"Mr. Carter is so thoughtful. He remembers what everyone likes accurately." Sherry looked at Richard. She did not know that Richard and Amy were a couple.
	"Of course. I have to take care of and satisfy you. Ms. Rose, this is your kiwi fruit juice. Mrs. Newell, this is your orange juice. Amy, this is your carrot juice. Allison, this is your cucumber juice." Richard delivered the items to the ladies.
	"Mr. Carter, thank you so much for your hospitality. However, I don't seem to have any suitable projects this time, I'm really sorry." Sherry was very cautious. She hadn't signed an agreement with any enterprise so far.
	However, HD Group was very strange. This vice president was just taking care of herself, eating, drinking, and chatting with her, but she didn't mention anything about projects at all. It was confusing.
	"Oh, that doesn't matter, Ms. Rose. When have a good project next time, we'll work together." Richard did not say anything more. He did not know the meaning behind Amy's behavior.
	Did Sherry dislike Amy's project?
	"Alright, then we'll work together next time." Sherry looked at Amy. Amy was smiling at her.
	"Ms. Rose, do not be in a hurry to return. During these few days in China, can I take you to experience the profound tea culture here?" Amy politely invited Sherry.
Chapter 158 Peacocks Spread Their Tails
	Sherry was indeed going to play in China for a few more days before returning. She did not have any specific arrangements. Hearing Amy's suggestion, she happily accepted it.
	"Ms. Rose, I still want to invite you to see the dance show. It's been a long time. Shall I make some arrangements for you?" At this moment, Allison also reacted.
	"Alright, since you've all said so, then I'll agree to Ms. Miller first. I have five days, and I didn't have any plans. I'll talk about tea culture with Ms. Miller first, and then go see the ballet show with Allison. I need to leave a few days for my old friend, Mrs. Newell. That's all." Sherry immediately arranged her schedule.
	"Thank you, Ms. Rose. Then I'll pick you up early tomorrow morning and show you around." Amy was not dissatisfied with Allison's words. She had always had a smile on her face, which made people feel kind.
	"Ms. Rose, then I'll pick you up at your hotel the day after tomorrow." Allison only left one day for Amy. She looked sideways at Amy. She didn't even know what tea culture was, so she couldn't join them. She didn't want to make herself a fool, but she would help Amy! She would help Amy embarrass herself so that Sherry would hate Amy.
	"Well, good girl. Then it's a deal. I'm tired. Mrs. Newell, let's go out for a walk." Sherry invited Mrs. Newell.
	"Alright, after eating so much delicious food, it's time for us to go for a walk. Otherwise, it's not healthy." Mrs. Newell stood up, looking at Amy and Allison. She was very clear about their actions in her heart, but she wanted to see how her daughter would perform. This was a rare opportunity. She wanted to help Amy, but it seemed that Amy didn't need help. She could only act according to the circumstances.
	The two ladies left, leaving behind Amy, Richard and Allison.
	"How is it going? Are you full? Do you want to go for a walk?" Richard was also very busy at today's banquet. Even if he didn't talk to others, people would come to him, so he didn't have time to be with Amy.
	"I'm full. Let's go out for a walk. I heard that the garden here is very beautiful. I really want to see it." Amy held Richard's arm.
	Allison stood there awkwardly and watched the two of them show off their love.
	"I'm very familiar with this place. Do you want me to take you for a walk? There is a wonderful place in the garden here." Allison wanted to make Amy curious so that she could join them.
	"Really? Is there a very wonderful place? I'm interested. Let's go, Amy. Let's find out." Richard did not intend to go with Allison to see the scenery. He pulled Amy and left. He didn't want to have anything to do with Allison anymore. When the last time he accompanied her to France for surgery, he had made it very clear. It was just that Allison didn't want to give up.
	Allison stomped her foot angrily. How long was Richard going to be angry?
	However, she seemed to have seen something interesting. When Amy and Richard walked towards the garden, Andy seemed to have followed them. Allison couldn't wait to see what Andy would do.
	Allison saw that Hadrian was still talking to others, so she did not disturb him and followed them to the garden.
	The garden was not quiet today. There were also people who were talking business here. However, the garden was very big, and when they walked further, there were fewer people.
	Richard slowly walked with Amy. The large garden could be regarded as a park. There were pavilions, small bridges, stream, and rockeries.
	When they reached the far side of the garden, a cry attracted the attention of Amy and Richard.
	There was no one here anymore, and the sky was a little hazy. There was a small fenced courtyard. The fences were not high and just above knees. There was a house in the middle of the courtyard, and there were some bushes around the house.
	"Peacock!" Amy's eyes lit up. She saw that there were some peacocks gracefully walking around in the open space of the small courtyard. There were also some peacocks perched on the bushes.
	When a Peacock heard that someone was coming, it looked at Amy arrogantly. Perhaps the dress Amy was wearing today was too beautiful. It felt that it was necessary to compete. The peacock that saw Amy spread its beautiful tail.
	"Richard, Richard, look! The peacock spreads its beautiful tail." Amy was so excited. The peacock spread its tail, and a few more also spread their tails.
	"So beautiful. It's so beautiful. Peacocks are stunning!" Amy looked at the peacocks and shouted at them excitedly.
	"Oh, Mrs. Newell, look at Amy. She made the peacocks here spread their tails. Let's go and have a look. It's so beautiful." Sherry, who had also come here, looked at Amy and felt a little admiration for her.
	Andy also walked over. Everyone gathered around the fences and watched as the peacocks spread their tails.
	Perhaps because there were too many handsome men and beautiful women today, the peacocks kept spreading their tails as if it was a competition. In the hazy night, it looked like a beautiful painting.
	"It's really beautiful. Amy had a way to make peacocks spread their tails since she was still a child. I didn't expect that when she grows up, she would be able to make so many peacocks spread their tails at the same time." Andy said from behind Amy.
	When Amy heard Andy's voice, she turned around.
	"Andy?" Amy's mind was on Sherry today, so she didn't pay attention to the others. She already had a plan in her heart, so she couldn't be greedy. Sherry was her only target today.
	"Yes, Amy, congratulations on becoming the vice president of HD Group." Andy said to Amy with a smile.
	In the distance, Allison saw Andy smiling. Could Andy laugh? That smile made people feel like spring breeze, so warm.
	Envy surged in Allison's heart. She had chased after Andy for so many years, and she didn't even get a smile. However, Andy smiled at Amy.
	"Andy, are you laughing at me?" In front of Andy, Amy looked like a cute little girl again, very casual.
	When Richard saw Andy appear in front of him again, he was a little unhappy. If it was another man, he would still feel very superior. However, Andy was on par with him. This made his heart very uncomfortable.
	"Mr. Baker, are you in the mood today?" Richard said sarcastically.
Chapter 159 Allison's Plan Failed
	Andy could feel Richard's hostility, but he felt the same. He had doted on the Amy for so many years, but she had married Richard. He was jealous.
	"Mr. Carter, peacocks always like Amy. Every time when she went to the park, peacocks would spread their tails in front of her." Andy said to Richard. He was showing off that he had once participated in the growth of Amy.
	"It's the same now. Everyone likes Amy." Richard didn't show weakness. It didn't matter if he didn't participate in the past. In the future, he would just spend the rest of his life with her.
	"Ms. Rose, Ms. Newell, you're all here. Look at those peacocks. They're so beautiful. What are the three of them doing there?" Allison walked to Sherry and Mrs. Newell. She deliberately asked them to look at the three of them.
	"They seem to be talking about something, but as a vice president, why is she so close to both of the presidents?" Hearing Allison's words, Sherry really had a little prejudice towards Amy.
	"As a vice president, if she doesn't have a good relationship with the president, you wouldn't have been at this position. Amy is a very smart girl!" Allison deliberately said. She knew Sherry better. Sherry never married, so she didn't like a woman to get a position by her appearance.
	"Women must rely on their own abilities. Appearance won't last forever." Sherry had a bad impression on Amy in her heart.
	Mrs. Newell had been quietly listening to Allison's words. She was not in a hurry to interrupt but waited for the two of them to discuss.
	Mrs. Newell finally spoke when she saw that Allison's face was full of satisfaction and happiness because she had successfully driven a wedge between Amy and Sherry.
	"Sherry, I think I should explain it to you. Ms. Miller is Mr. Carter's wife, and Mr. Baker is Ms. Miller's neighbor since childhood. It's normal for the three of them to have a chat together."
	"What? Ms. Miller is Mr. Carter's wife?" Sherry was stunned. Richard was a wealthy man, and his wife could live an easy life at home, but Amy was promoted to vice president. She was definitely talented enough for Richard to do so.
	Amy was so beautiful. If she didn't have exceptional talent, Richard wouldn't have promoted her to vice president. However, what kind of talent did Amy have? She had successfully aroused Sherry's interest again.
	Sherry glared at Allison. Why did Allison keep saying just now? Allison should know that Amy was Richard's wife. Since Allison knew that they were a married couple, she still said that. She really had ulterior motives.
	Allison did not expect Mrs. Newell to speak for Amy. She thought Mrs. Newell would remain silent. It was really embarrassing at this time.
	"Ms. Rose, I didn't know. Please don't be angry." Allison immediately put on a pitiful look, making it difficult for Sherry to say anything about her.
	"Alright, don't make the same mistake in the future." Sherry pulled Mrs. Newell away. She really didn't want to see Allison at this time.
	Allison was left behind. She was very anxious. Wasn't Mrs. Newell very arrogant? Why did she speak for Amy? Allison still wanted to destroy the relationship between Amy and Sherry.
	After taking off her high heels, Amy felt relaxed. Today's banquet lasted for nearly five hours. She was walking around on her high heels, and her feet were aching.
	"Let me rub your feet for you. You are tired today." Richard held up Amy's little feet with both of his hands and rubbed them.
	"It's really not easy to do business. Richard, you have to attend this kind of occasions every day. How difficult is it for you?" Only attending once, Amy felt tired. Richard often attended this kind of occasions. How tired would that be? Her heart ached for Richard.
	"I'm used to it. When I first took over HD Group, I was a little unused to it. Sometimes, I really want to quit. But I can't fail the whole family. I can't bear it." Richard carefully helped Amy rub her feet. Her feet were fair and tender, as if he was grabbing a piece of jade in his hands.
	Amy understood Richard's feelings completely. Her father, Stephen, did not want to do business. In the business world, everyone was deceiving others. It was simply not suitable for him.
	If it weren't for giving Amy a comfortable living environment, Stephen wouldn't have worked so hard.
	"Alright, we're home." Very quickly, the car arrived home, and Amy looked for shoes to get off the car.
	"Let me carry you. You should take a rest and have your husband serve you." Richard stopped Amy.
	He got out of the car first, opened the car door and picked up Amy, holding her shoes in his hand.
	"This isn't good, right? Grandma will see us." Amy whispered to Richard.
	"It's fine. She must be asleep by now." Richard said firmly.
	It was almost midnight, who would be in such a good mood to wait for them at home?
	However, there were some people who had such a good mood to wait for them in the living room.
	Eva and Addy were both sitting in the living room, their faces gloomy. Seeing Richard carrying Amy into the house, Eva was unhappy.
	"Don't you have feet? Why do you let a man carry you in? Ridiculous!" Eva slapped the coffee table, startling Addy.
	Addy had been here for many days. She had always been rather reserved, because she was new here.
	Cathy went back to her mother's house. She couldn't stay in this house anymore. Eva didn't like anything about Cathy and quarreled with her every day.
	"Grandma, you haven't slept yet. Amy has been in high heels all day. Her feet hurt. I'm carrying her up." Richard ignored Eva's expression. He pampered his wife, and no one could stop him.
	Of course, Eva didn't dare to scold Richard. The entire family relied on him.
	However, she was very strict with Amy.
	"Don't you feel ached for your man? What kind of manners do you have to let a man carry you?" Eva said it again, and Amy wanted to come down. If she didn't get down, Eva might not stop.
	"Richard, let me down." Amy said to Richard.
	"Why? Your feet are hurt. Just ignore them." Richard carried Amy through the living room and went upstairs.
	"You are really shameless. No one in this family listens to me, right? Are you going to piss me off? Everyone is giving me a hard time." Seeing that Amy did not listen to her words, Eva began to curse loudly.
Chapter 160 A House in Turmoil
	"Grandma, I respect you. Please respect my wife." Richard carried Amy and entered his room after saying this.
	"What? These men can't think in front of beautiful women, right? First, my husband doesn't want to talk to me. Then my son is angry with me. Now, even my grandson is like this. I..." Eva wanted to continue but was stopped by Addy.
	"Mom, don't be angry. It's already late at night. We should go and rest."
	Addy had just been here, so she tried her best to be magnanimous. She didn't want to be like Eva, who annoyed people. Eva was the elder of this family, so it didn't matter. However, she was different. She was just an ex-wife, so she was more restrained.
	"You are the best. You've been with me for so many years, and you didn't find yourself another man. It's hard for you." Eva patted Addy's hand.
	Addy had been with Halbert before. How could she be attracted to other men? Of course, she would no longer look for a partner.
	"Mom, I have to be filial to you. Why do I have to find someone? Nothing is as important as you." Addy grabbed onto Eva's heart. She was sweeter than honey.
	As the two of them spoke, they walked back to their rooms. Eva was walking while cursing Cathy and Amy. She hated pretty women.
	Early in the morning, Richard woke up Amy with a move. She was going to accompany Sherry to experience Chinese tea culture today, so she must get up early and could not be late.
	"Amy, you are going to accompany Ms. Rose today. You must be careful. Ms. Rose's temper is not very good. She is very difficult to deal with." Richard said to Amy.
	"Yes, I know." Amy answered.
	However, Richard still admired Amy. Yesterday, she actually spent the night with Sherry and Mrs. Newell. Both of them were notoriously cunning and arrogant.
	Amy chose the pink dress that Mrs. Newell gave her. She liked it very much. It was simple and proper. Her long hair was wrapped around her head, making her look more mature.
	She didn't wear too many decorations, only the jade bracelet that Cathy had given her.
	Looking at herself in the mirror, Amy felt that she looked good. But she was still a little worried, so she asked Richard.
	"Richard, how do I look today? Do I look dignified enough?"
	"Yes, you look very dignified. How bad can my wife be?" Richard said proudly.
	The more he looked at Amy, the more he felt that she was beautiful and dignified. He thought Matt was so stupid that he would give up such a woman.
	"That's good. Let's go down and have breakfast." Amy knew that Richard was exaggerating, but she still felt very pleasant.
	"We are all waiting here. How long do you want us to wait?" Eva was unhappy again when she saw Amy, who looked stunning, following Richard.
	John glared at her.
	"Amy, hurry up and have breakfast. After breakfast, you can go to work." John said to Amy. He let the children eat and leave so that they didn't have to stay with Eva at home.
	"Good morning, Grandpa, Grandma." Amy greeted the two elders.
	"Morning? It's so late now." Eva said with a dark face as she drank the porridge.
	Sophia listened to Eva scolding Amy. She was so happy that she ate one more steamed bun.
	William and Jacob glanced at Richard and gloated in their hearts.
	Richard did not say anything. He only helped Amy pull a chair and let her sit down. Only then did he sit beside her.
	Amy pretended that she didn't hear anything. She didn't want to make things difficult for Richard. It wasn't that she was afraid of Eva, but she cherished the time of being together with family.
	During the meal, Eva did not say anything else. Everyone silently finished their meal and left.
	Amy didn't have her own car, so Richard arranged for the driver to accompany Amy all day.
	Amy arrived at the hotel where Sherry was staying and waited for her at the door. She was here early, so she picked up a magazine to read.
	Sherry had woken up. After breakfast, she was waiting for Amy. They made an appointment at 8:30, but it was only 8:10.
	Sherry saw Amy enter the hotel. She was satisfied and thought Amy was a very punctual girl.
	Just when she thought that Amy would call her, Amy sat on the sofa in the hotel lobby and read a magazine.
	Sherry did not appear in front of Amy. She went back to her room, sat for a while, and drank some water. Sherry looked at the time and saw that it was already half past eight. Her phone rang. It was an unfamiliar number.
	"Hello, Ms. Rose. This is Amy. I have arrived at the entrance of your hotel. Are you ready to go?"
	Hearing Amy's soft voice, Sherry felt comfortable.
	"OK, I'm ready. Did I keep you waiting?" Sherry said.
	"No, I've only been here for a while. Then I'll be waiting for you downstairs." After Amy finished speaking, she hung up the phone.
	Amy was a very good girl. She was not centered on herself. They made an appointment at 8:30. She arrived early but she did not want to disturb Sherry. So, she waited until 8:30 to call Sherry.
	Sherry was satisfied about it.
	Sherry packed up and left the room. She also brought her old friend Yuris. Anyway, everyone wanted to stay in China for a few more days. It was perfect to have a suitable guide.
	"Hello, Ms. Rose. Hello, Mr. Keller. Please follow me." Amy smiled as she looked at the two big shots. She was very happy that they were all coming with her.
	"Ms. Rose, Mr. Keller, this is our schedule for today. In the morning, the weather is better. I will take you to visit the tea garden in the suburb of R City. We will have lunch in the tea garden at noon. In the afternoon, the weather will be hotter. I will take you to an ancient tea house. There are all kinds of tea there, and you can enjoy you time there." Amy explained the schedule to them.
	"Alright, since we have agreed to you, you can arrange it for us." Sherry and Yuris nodded.
	"Thank you for trusting me. Then let's go to the tea garden first." Amy turned around and told the driver before heading towards the tea garden.
Chapter 161 Picking Tea
	"Wow, are all these tea trees?" Sherry exclaimed as she saw the green plants all over the mountain. She wondered if those were the tea trees which she had only heard and read about.
	Even though Sherry was a big fan of Chinese tea, she only saw, smelled and tasted the finished product of tea. She also got some knowledge of tea from books.
	She had been to China for three times, but she never saw what tea trees were like.
	"That's right, Ms. Rose, Mr. Keller. I have contacted the owner of the tea garden. We will pick, bake, and taste the tea made by ourselves." Amy said to them.
	"Really? We can pick tea leaves by ourselves today?" Sherry's eyes lit up as she heard Amy's words. She liked the plan very much.
	"Yes, Ms. Rose, I have prepared clothes for you to work in the tea garden. Mr. Keller, you could also change your clothes. There are clothes for you, too. Our professional tea picker will show you how to put on those clothes." Amy asked a male tea picker to take Yuris to change into the professional clothes for tea-picking, and then, she took Sherry to change their clothes.
	"Ms. Rose, we only need the tip of the shoot. The tip is the best and tastes better than the rest parts. So we don't use the rest part to make tea." Amy was picking the tips nimbly, and Sherry even felt dazzled as she watched.
	"Amy, do you come here to pick tea very often?" Sherry could only pick one tip at a time, but she found it interesting.
	"Yes. I used to come here to help during the holidays. I didn't do it for money. I just want the owner of the tea garden to teach me tea culture." Amy said to Sherry.
	Soon, Amy had picked a handful of tea tips. She then put them in the basket.
	"Ms. Rose, the taste of the tea varies if you pick it at different times of the year. Sometimes we pick it with the dew, and sometimes without the dew. There is also a difference in the tea picked before and after the Tomb-Sweeping Festival. Sometimes we will pick tea when there was a fog...." Amy introduced different types of tea to Sherry.
	"I've heard about that. I know there are Mingqian Maofeng Tea and Minghou Maofeng Tea. They taste different." Sherry was talking to Amy joyfully.
	They chatted with each other while picking tea, and they enjoyed themselves very much.
	While Yuris was at a loss what to do. He didn't even dare to try touching the tea leaves since he thought the tea leaves were just too delicate.
	"Mr. Keller, don't worry. You could just try as I tell you." The tea picker found it funny when he saw that a grown man like Yuris would still be afraid of tea leaves.
	"No, I can't. I just feel that I might destroy the tea trees with my hands. Look! My hands are so rough! And the tips are so soft and tender. I feel it's so cruel to pick the tips." Yuris wanted to pick the tea leaves, but he just could not.
	"Mr. Keller, everything in the world has its own value. For example, we feed chicken, ducks, fish, pigs, cattle, sheep, rabbits, etc. because we want to make them our food. And that's the same with the tea leaves. If we don't pick them in time, they can't realize their value. And no one will know their beauty, either." Yuris looked rough, but Amy knew he was a kind-hearted man. So she tried to comfort him.
	"Alright. I'll try my best now." Yuris finally gathered his courage and picked his first tip.
	Yuris and Sherry were best friends. He was also a big fan of Chinese tea culture influenced by Sherry. No, that was not the most accurate way to put it. Yuris was in fact a big fan of Chinese culture. He was amazed by the extensive and profound Chinese culture.
	After picking his first tip, Yuris put it into his mouth. He immediately spat it out after tasting it. He found it both bitter and astringent.
	"It's so bitter." Yuris frowned.
	"Mr. Keller, have some water. Tea leaves are supposed to be bitter. They are just like life. How can you feel the sweetness of life without going through difficulties first?" Amy handed Yuris a bottle of mineral water.
	Sherry liked the way Amy talked. Amy never showed off. She would only tell Sherry the allusion about tea at the right time.
	Amy was carrying a small backpack with her. Sherry had no idea what was in Amy's backpack just now. She thought Amy had probably brought her cosmetics with her so she could refine her make-up.
	Sherry liked Amy even more as she saw Amy take out a bottle of mineral water from her backpack. Amy was such a considerate girl. She had even prepared water for her guests in her backpack, in case they were thirsty.
	When Amy saw that Sherry was looking at her backpack, she thought that Sherry was thirsty. So she took out another bottle of water from her backpack.
	"Ms. Rose, you're thirsty, aren't you? This is soda water. It's good for women like us." Amy had even paid attention to which type of water she should bring. Sherry could tell that Amy was used to taking caring of others.
	Sherry's impression of Amy improved a lot. But this couldn’t prove anything. Sherry still didn't know if Amy was good at business.
	After taking a few sips of water, Amy took Sherry and Yuris to get on with their work again.
	They worked in the tea garden for the whole morning. At noon, they all had a basket of tea tips.
	"Alright. We've had enough tea leaves. We can go to bake the tea now." Seeing that they all had enough tea leaves in their baskets, Amy took Sherry and Yuris to the baking room.
	Amy showed them how to make tea. They stir-fried the tea leaves first, and then they baked the leaves. And finally, they let the tea leaves dry in the sun.
	"Amy, do you think the tea is ready for sale now?" Sherry had begun to call Amy by her first name without noticing it. She became even friendlier to Amy now.
	While Amy had noticed that. She felt that her efforts had paid off.
	"It won't be competitive if we just sell it like this." Amy pointed at the tea leaves. It did not have any packaging or advertisement.
	"Why? Isn't it natural and green like this?" Sherry felt amazed as she looked at the tea leaves. The green leaves had been turned into black and dry tea leaves.
	"Of course, that is our focus of marketing. But it will look too plain if people want to give it to their friends and relatives as a gift. If we want to sell a product well, good packaging is necessary." Amy didn't explain a lot.
	The tea leaves were almost finished now. They would be done when they dried up.
	"Well, Ms. Rose, Mr. Keller, I think you must be hungry. It's time for lunch now. The owner of the tea garden has prepared a very special meal for us. Let's go to the dining room and enjoy our lunch there." Amy told the professional tea maker to perfect the tea they just picked and made. And she took Sherry and Yuris to the dining room.
Chapter 162 Tense Atmosphere
	"This is tea rice. These are eggs boiled in tea. And this is tea soup with rabbit meat...." Amy was introducing the dishes on the table.
	"Are these all tea dishes? But why haven't I seen any tea leaves in them?" Sherry looked at the dishes. They smelled nice, but she could not find any tea leaves in them.
	"This rice is cooked with Hawk tea, so it's very fragrant. These eggs were boiled in tea. Even though the tea leaves used for this dish are just of average quality and not expensive, the eggs are quite nutritious." Amy introduced the details of every tea dish to Sherry.
	Sherry was overjoyed. In France, she only tasted the tea given by her Chinese friends. They would tell her how to brew it, but that was all. Today, she not only tried picking tea by herself, but she could also enjoy a meal consisting of tea dishes only.
	She thought the trip today was fruitful and she had really learned a lot.
	"Can we meet the owner of the tea garden today?" Yuris was pleased with the activities today, too.
	"I'm really sorry. The owner of the tea garden has been away. He is probably busy with his own business abroad. Maybe you will meet him next time you come here." The owner of the tea garden was the brother of one of Amy's classmates. He was always nice to Amy, and he helped Amy a lot today by letting her use his tea garden.
	"Oh, what a pity! We can't meet the man with such a good taste today. Fortunately, you have told us a lot of things we didn't know. Thank you very much, Amy." Yuris was very grateful to Amy.
	"Mr. Keller, it's very kind of you to say that. Have more fish. The fish tastes yummy and tender, and there are very few bones in it." Amy picked up some fish for Yuris. Fish was Yuris' favorite food.
	When they left the Evergreen Tea Garden, Amy took many tea leaves on the car. They were all gifts from the owner of the tea garden to Sherry and Yuris.
	"We had a lot of greasy food at noon. And let's go to a tea house to have some tea and have a good chat there." Amy also invited another person who was already waiting for Sherry and Yuris in the tea house.
	In the antique tea house, even the decorations were teapots and teacups. Amy took Sherry and Yuris to the private room she had booked, and Cathy was already waiting for them there. The water was boiling and bubbling. And the entire room was filled with the fragrance of tea.
	"Ms. Rose, Mr. Keller, she is my mother-in-law. She is an expert in making tea. I invited her to make tea for you so that you can enjoy different tea arts in China." Amy introduced Cathy to Sherry and Yuris.
	Now Amy finally got the chance to sit down, chat, and enjoy the time today.
	They talked about black tea, green tea, flower tea, and all kinds of delicate sweets that went with tea. Soon, their topic shifted from the tea culture to business. And finally, Sherry and Yuris made a business deal with HD Group.
	"Yuris, do you feel that we are tricked into making the deal?" Sherry suddenly asked Yuris after they went back to the hotel.
	"Yes, and we are happy to do it. Amy didn't force us. It was us who brought up the topic of cooperating with them. We will sign the contract tomorrow. You still have time to change your mind." Yuris said to Sherry affectionately.
	"But I don't regret it. I feel that doing business with someone like Amy is the right thing. She is really a smart girl. Somehow, she reminds me of Eliana Rice. Both of them make you want to cooperate with them." Sherry went back to her room, and Yuris followed her inside to give her a massage. It was a long day for them.
	"I don't regret it, either. We can only gain win-win results by cooperating with people like her. HD Group is really lucky in having her." Yuris helped Sherry take off her shoes and lie face down on the bed. And then, he massaged the back of her waist.
	Yuris had been pursuing Sherry for more than ten years, but Sherry never said yes to him because of some old story. And now even if they weren’t together, they had become as close as family.
	After sending Cathy back, Amy also went home. She had talked a lot and walked in high heels today, so she was exhausted.
	Fortunately, Grandma Eva was not in the living room, so Amy directly went upstairs. She fell asleep immediately after climbing into her bed.
	Richard was also busy today. He did not go home for dinner, so no one came to ask Amy if she wanted to eat.
	By the time Amy woke up again, it was already dark outside. And she felt very hungry.
	After changing her clothes, she went downstairs to see if there was anything to eat. However, when she got to the living room, she saw that it was joyful there. Grandma Eva, Addy, and Sophia were sitting on the sofa watching TV. They were chatting so happily with laughter.
	Grandma Eva immediately put on a long face when she saw Amy.
	"Don't you know how to respect me? Why didn't you greet me and tell me that you were at home? Are you waiting for me to greet you first?" Grandma Eva said harshly.
	"Grandma, don't be angry. It's not good for your health. Amy is the Vice President of HD Group now, so she is definitely very busy. You should forgive her for forgetting to greet you." Sophia spoke as if she wanted to ask Grandma Eva to forgive Amy. But in fact, she was just trying to make more trouble and enrage Grandma Eva.
	"Vice president? A woman should just help her husband and bring up their children. It's so indecent for a woman to go about the city and do business. Haven't we given you enough money?" Grandma Eva became even angrier.
	Amy could never have expected that Grandma Eva would scold her so harshly. She just wanted to see if she could find something to eat at home.
	"Grandma, I was very busy today, so I was really tired when I came home. That's why I didn't go to greet you. I'm hungry now. I want to see if I can find something to eat." Amy tried to explain politely.
	"Are you trying to show off? Do you think you're the only woman who has a career in the family and we're all trash?" Grandma Eva did not care whether Amy's excuse was reasonable or not. She would just scold Amy whenever she had a chance.
	Amy felt that she had been patient enough with Grandma Eva. Amy did not want to say anything after she realized that Grandma Eva was just targeting at her. She then went to the kitchen to look for food.
	"Mrs. Carter, what do you want to eat? I can cook something for you." The cook knew that Amy did not have anything for dinner, so she asked Amy in the kitchen.
	"Could you make me some noodles? I'm good with something simple." Amy was so tired that she didn't want to talk anymore. She wouldn't even have gone downstairs if she wasn’t too hungry. The Carter's was such a depressive place for her. She almost couldn't breathe there.
	"It was your own fault for skipping dinner today. Cook for yourself! The servants also need to rest!"
Chapter 163 Richard's Worries
	"Grandma, don't be angry. I'll go help Amy." Sophia stood up with a kind look on her face.
	"Sophia, you are so kind. She is a bitch, but you still help her. She may still harm you in the future." Eva grabbed Sophia and didn't want her to help Amy.
	"Grandma, I respect you the most in this family, but it doesn't mean that you can insult me. I'm already very tired after working for a whole day, but I still have to take your insults. I have never complained about it. I was just having a meal. What did I do to upset you? Why are you keeping grumbling? No matter how good my temper is, it's impossible for me to stand it forever.”
	"Do you think I'm being unreasonable? Why didn't you come down when it was dinner time? Do you look down on us so that you kept us waiting for you?" Eva was filled with anger.
	Now, John didn't even come out to eat. He would have someone bring food into his room. After the meal, he would go out alone.
	Cathy had returned to her mother's place. Halbert couldn't persuade her to come back. Every day, Halbert came back very late and didn’t eat at home.
	Richard and Amy didn't eat at home either. Even if the family ate together, Eva still felt that these people looked down on her.
	"You should respect yourself. If you look down on yourself, who will respect you?" When Amy saw that the noodles were ready, she went into the kitchen and stopped arguing with Eva.
	She did not say anything not because she was afraid of her, but because she felt that she did not need to have a conflict with such an old woman.
	But now, Eva couldn't even give Amy a peaceful time during meal, which made Amy feel very annoyed.
	Seeing that Amy had left and ignored her, Eva was so angry that she was trembling.
	"Grandma, don't be angry. Who the hell is she? You are the head of this family. There will be plenty of chances to deal with her." Seeing that it was a right timing, Sophia whispered to Eva.
	"What's in your mind?" At this time, Eva felt that she had been completely humiliated. If she did not show her prestige in this family, how could she live a happy life here?
	"There's no hurry. Grandma, let's wait for the right timing." Sophia said to Eva and Addy.
	"Alright, we'll listen to you." At this time, Eva was eager to suppress Amy.
	After meal, Amy passed by the living room, but Eva was quiet. Eva did not say anything else and did not even look at Amy.
	This was also good. Amy went upstairs in a good mood. She was full and spirited, so she looked through the cooperation plan with Sherry and Yuris. Afterwards, she changed everything that needed to be changed.
	It was already midnight when Richard returned. He had several appointments with clients today, and everything went well, so he drank some wine to celebrate. When he returned, he felt a little dizzy.
	He went upstairs and saw that Amy was still looking at something.
	"Richard, you're back?" When Amy heard the sound of the door, she turned around and saw Richard's cool look with his suit on his shoulder.
	"Yes, Amy. It's already very late. Why aren't you sleeping?" Although Richard was a little drunk, he knew that it was very late. Seeing that Amy was still busy, he felt sorry for her.
	"It's fine. I'll go to sleep after I finish reading it. I've discussed the cooperation plan with Ms. Rose and Mr. Keller today. I'm modifying it." Amy went back to work again.
	"They both agreed today?" Richard simply couldn't believe it. Although Cathy had told him, he still felt that his mother had exaggerated it. It was already amazing that Sherry agreed.
	"Yes, Ms. Rose discussed it with Mr. Keller. They let me take the contract over tomorrow. If they have no problem with the contract, they will sign. They want to finish this deal before they go back." Amy looked at the contract again and confirmed that there was nothing wrong with it, so she put the contract aside.
	"My wife is really a treasure. That's great. Thank you for your efforts." Richard immediately threw the suit on the ground. He walked over to hug Amy and kissed her on the face.
	"Cut it out. Smell yourself! How much wine did you drink? I'll go prepare the bath water for you." Although Amy said so, she smiled as Richard held her in his arms.
	His embrace was warm and sturdy, making her feel very safe.
	"I want to take the bath with you." Richard acted like a spoiled child. At this time, he missed Amy very much.
	"Alright, I'll go prepare the water first. You can't take a bath without water, can you?" Amy pushed Richard away. She didn't take a bath after she came back today, so she could also take a bath.
	As the water was ready, Richard immediately took off Amy's pajamas and carried her into the bathtub.
	*****
	Looking at Amy who was sleeping soundly beside him, Richard felt so happy and contented. He picked up the contract that Amy had drafted and took a look.
	Amy had been working in HD Group since she graduated. She majored in foreign languages in university, but the contract she drafted was very professional. If she said that she had never done this before, many people would not believe it.
	Could this be the talent? Judging from her ability, she was really a business genius.
	However, at this time, Richard was not very happy. He originally wanted Amy to help him deal with some trivial matters. However, seeing how busy she was, Richard felt heartache. Wasn't it a little inappropriate for him to let his beloved wife work so hard for him?
	"Amy, are you still going to accompany Ms. Rose today?" Early in the morning, Richard put on his suit and asked Amy who was still in bed. She was still sleepy.
	"No, I'll just show her the contract. Today, Allison invited Ms. Rose to see the ballet show, so Ms. Rose is only available in the morning." Amy rubbed her eyes. It was already seven o'clock, and she should get up.
	"Then I'll send you there later. When you're done, we can go to the company together." Richard had something to say to Amy.
	"Then won't I delay you?" Amy asked Richard.
	"No, I'll take you there. I have nothing to do this morning. We can have lunch together." Richard helped Amy put on her clothes. She was so sleepy that she walked with her eyes closed.
	"Alright then." It would be good to have Richard send her off.
	After washing up, Amy didn’t tie her hair up. Her hair was black and smooth. She had never permed her hair before, so her hair looked very shiny.
Chapter 164 The Secret of Amy's Business
	Richard and Amy walked downstairs and went to the dining room. Apart from John, everyone else was here. Seeing Richard and Amy, everyone looked like that they were not in good moods. However, Eva did not say anything today. She just told others to eat, then everyone started the breakfast.
	After breakfast, Richard and Amy told Eva that they were leaving and then left. They still had a lot of things to do today.
	Eva only nodded. She didn't say anything weird this morning, which made Amy a little surprised.
	After arriving the hotel where Sherry and Yuris were staying, Amy went to Sherry's room as they agreed before. Richard also followed.
	Ms. Rose saw that Amy was very punctual. She did not say anything, but her impression of Amy was getting better.
	When Amy and Sherry were talking about business, Richard and Yuris sat on the other side and chatted.
	Amy took out the contract she had prepared last night, expressed her opinion, and asked Sherry for her opinion. Everything she did was perfect.
	But Sherry did not sign the contract immediately. She took it and said to Amy, "Amy, I'm going to look at your contract again tonight. Although it's urgent and you have explained a lot, I can't decide right now. Can I think about it?"
	"Sure, I'm not in a hurry. I just want to show you the contract. If you have anything to add or modify, just let me know." Amy always had a smile on her face.
	If it were someone else, they would definitely think that Sherry was making things difficult for them, but Amy did not think so. Instead, she felt that it was a reasonable request.
	"Amy, I think you look like a friend of mine. Your working style and way of speaking are really similar to hers." After finishing the business, Sherry said to Amy.
	"Ms. Rose's friends must all be successful people. How can I compare to them? Ms. Rose, you are flattering me." She had just stepped into the business world. How could he compare to those successful businessmen?
	Sherry did not say anything else. She made a comparison in her heart and felt that they were too similar. She suddenly found that even their appearances were a little similar.
	After talking to Sherry, Amy went to talk to Yuris. The result was the same. They had to look at the contract first and then talk about other things.
	"Alright, my job is done here, so I won't occupy your time. Miss Field will come to pick you up later, so I'm leaving." Amy stood up and said goodbye to Sherry and Yuris.
	As soon as Amy got in the car, she began to sleep again. She looked completely different from the person who was energetic and organized just now.
	Richard did not disturb her and just let her sleep.
	When they arrived at HD Group, Richard walked into the company with Amy in his arms under the gazes of everyone.
	At this time, Amy woke up. She glanced at Richard in a daze and closed her eyes again. She even found a more comfortable position in Richard's arms, falling asleep again.
	The news that Richard carried Amy into the company spread to every corner of the HD Group. Many people were envious.
	"Hannah, our president and vice president are a happy couple. The vice president was carried out of the car by the president. I wonder what they did last night, making the vice president feel extremely sleepy when she arrived at work." The people from the marketing department surrounded Hannah since they knew that the vice president was Hannah's good friend.
	"They have always been a loving couple. What's so strange about it?" Hannah looked at the gossiping people and felt that it was inconceivable. What was the big deal about it?
	Of course, she was also very gossipy and liked to hear it. As long as she heard good news, she would be very happy.
	"Of course it's strange. Mr. Carter only had Miss Field in his heart in the past. There were Miss Field's pictures on his table and in his wallet. I don't know whose picture is in the president's wallet now." Their gossips were so detailed.
	"Of course it's Amy's picture. There's no doubt about it." Hannah said firmly. Actually, she did not know whose photo was in Richard's wallet. However, this aroused her curiosity and she also wanted to find out.
	*****
	After entering the office, Richard placed Amy on the sofa and went to get her a quilt. Amy woke up. She didn't know how she got into the office.
	She looked at the surroundings. It seemed to be her own office, but really? In the end, she was sure that it wasn't her own office but Richard's.
	She stretched herself and stood up. At this time, Richard came in with the quilt.
	"You're awake?" Richard put the quilt on the sofa.
	"Yes, it's so comfortable. I feel better now. Is there anything I need to do?" Amy glanced at Richard's desk. Fortunately, there weren't many documents.
	"No, I don't have any documents today. I have finished them. Amy, I have a question for you." Richard hugged Amy in his arms.
	"What is it?" Today, Amy knew that the business of Sherry and Yuris was basically settled, so she was very happy in her heart.
	"It's the contract you made yesterday. I saw that Ms. Rose and Mr. Keller didn't seem to agree obviously. How could you sleep so soundly?" Richard had always wanted to work with Sherry and Yuris, but there was no suitable project.
	However, Amy asked the two big shots who had been engaged in jewelry and catering to invest in his real estate. This was something that even Richard did not dare to imagine. It was already a trans-regional investment. Could they agree?
	"You don't have to worry about that. Didn't you tell me to know them well if I wanted to do business with them? I've studied the characters and hobbies of Ms. Rose and Mr. Keller. That's why I asked them to invest in our real estate. As long as one of them wants to invest, the other will have to invest as well." As Amy spoke, she asked Richard to get her some water.
	Richard immediately got some water for Amy. He felt his wife was quite smart and she made perfect sense when she was analyzing the situation.
	"I have checked that Ms. Rose is going to invest in some lucrative business. It's not limited to jewelry or catering. HD Group has a long history in real estate. It is our ability to keep the business for such a long time in R City. They can clearly see this, so I suggest that they should invest in the real estate of HD Group."
Chapter 165 Bowling Game
	"Amy, Are you available today? I'm Sherry. I'd like to invite Mrs. Newell to go bowling with us today. Come and join us. It will be fun." Amy did not expect that Sherry would invite her to go bowling with her.
	"Ms. Rose, I happen to be available today. Tell me the address. I'll be there." Amy suppressed her excitement and replied in a calm voice.
	After hanging up the phone, Amy's heart was still beating wildly. She put down the phone and quickly rushed into the rest room behind the office, changing her clothes.
	"Amy, where are you?" Richard walked into the vice president's office but didn't see Amy.
	"I'm in the rest room. I'm going out. Ms. Rose called me and asked me to go bowling with them." Amy answered.
	Yesterday afternoon, Richard hesitated for a long time and did not say what he wanted to say. He felt that Amy's enthusiasm for business had stopped him from saying those words.
	Amy changed her clothes and came out of the room. She wore pink sportswear and tied her hair in a ponytail, revealing her slender neck.
	"Then I'll send you there." At this time, Richard suddenly discovered what Amy needed. How could he be so stupid? However, he wanted to give Amy a surprise.
	"Alright." Amy agreed.
	When they arrived at the bowling alley, Eliana, Sherry and Yuris were already there.
	"Sorry, I'm late." Amy apologized to them.
	"Never mind. I called you so suddenly and you came already very quickly. Come on, let's separate into two teams. Mrs. Newell and Amy are in one team. Yuris and I are in another team. Let's compete, shall we?" Sherry saw that there were four of them and they could be divided into two teams.
	"Alright, Sherry, we haven't had a competition for a long time. I really miss the years we spent together." Eliana was also dressed in a rosy sportswear today, looking noble and dignified.
	"Ms. Rose, you are here too? What a coincidence!" Just as the four of them were preparing for the competition, Allison walked in front of them.
	"Yes, Allison, do you like bowling too?" Although Sherry did not agree to cooperate with the Field Group yesterday, she still needed to show some respect.
	"Yes, I also like bowling. This is my friend Gina. It looks like we can divide into three teams to play together." Allison brought Gina here.
	Amy had seen Gina, but she did not say hello to Gina. The two of them were like enemies. Amy would not forgive Gina.
	"We've divided into two teams. Then you two can form a group. We three teams can compete." Eliana did not look at Allison and Gina. She disdained to make friends such people. However, Amy was here today, and Eliana knew that Amy was going to cooperate with Sherry, so she accepted it.
	"Mrs. Newell's suggestion is very good. Let's split up into three teams and see which team will win." Sherry couldn't wait to play.
	Allison and Gina exchanged glances, and they smiled.
	"Ms. Rose, is there going to be a punishment for the competition?" Allison suggested.
	"That will do. The competition will be more interesting with punishment." Sherry also felt that this suggestion was very good.
	This would be even more fun, so everyone began to discuss what the punishment should be.
	"Dance if you lose." Gina said first. She immediately gave a suggestion before Allison could stop her.
	Gina did not know that Amy could dance, so she just wanted to see Amy embarrass herself.
	Allison glared at Gina, but Gina did not know what was wrong with her suggestion.
	"Dancing is good, but what kind of dance?" Yuris was also interested.
	"How about ballet?" Once again, Gina blurted out. She thought that Allison was a dancer and must be good at it. Even if she lost, it didn't matter. Amy definitely couldn't dance ballet and she couldn't let Eliana dance, so she would make a fool of herself in a while.
	When they heard that they were going to dance ballet if they lost, everyone was interested. This bet was quite amusing.
	Allison really felt that she had brought a fool here. Before she could even speak, Gina had given a proposal. Didn't Gina know that Amy could dance ballet?
	However, it was already too late to say something, so Allison had no choice but to agree.
	The three teams began to compete. Sherry and Yuris were the first. They looked like experienced players. Yuris' scores were either nine or ten.
	When it was Eliana and Amy's turn, Amy was still a little nervous. She was relatively low-key in college, and she deliberately lost to Gina to make her happy.
	However, she hadn't practiced for a long time, and she didn't know if she still could play so well.
	While Eliana played very well. Almost all of her scores were either nine or ten, and Gina felt that she had chosen the wrong teammate.
	When it was Amy's turn to play, she took a deep breath. She looked at the distance and threw the ball.
	At the beginning, the ball went relatively straight, but when the ball was about to hit the targets, it missed and only knocked down three on the side.
	"Don't be nervous. It doesn't matter even if we dance. It's not like you can't dance." Eliana leaned towards Amy to comfort her.
	Allison and Gina were overjoyed. Amy only knocked down three, and she wouldn't get any better results later.
	However, Amy seemed to be possessed by the God of Bowling, and the rest scores were all ten. Sherry and Yuris were so shocked that they opened their mouths wide.
	Was this girl too lucky? No, she got ten points for every round. It couldn't be luck.
	Allison and Gina took a deep breath after looking at it.
	"Alright, it's your turn now. Our results are already very high. Let's see if you can surpass us. If you can't, you'll have to perform." Sherry reminded them kindly.
	Allison was quite calm. Her scores were either nine or ten. When it was Gina's turn, Amy whispered to her, "I let you win on purpose in college. You should know that it's very difficult for you to get ten points." After Amy finished speaking, she smiled and left.
	Hearing that, Gina was even more nervous.
Chapter 166 The Accident in Bowling Alley
	After Amy finished speaking, Gina became even more nervous. When they were in university, Gina liked another boy. She wanted to show off in front of him, so she begged Amy to deliberately lose to her.
	But in the end, the boy didn't like her. While Amy had a handsome boyfriend, Matt. Gina was very jealous in her heart. So she seduced Matt and slept with him.
	Now that their relationship completely broke down, she knew how competent Amy was.
	However, she glanced at Amy. Even if she lost, she couldn't let Amy feel good.
	Gina got eight points in the first round. She was still quite calm, but as her score became lower and lower, she became even more panicked. Seeing Amy looking at her coldly not far, Gina decided to make Amy suffer. She faked a fall while throwing the ball and it flew towards Amy.
	At that time, everyone was stunned. Only Allison knew what Gina was planning, so she pretended to help support Gina.
	The ball was knocked away by another ball. Amy was so frightened at that time that she stood still and forgot to dodge.
	"Amy, are you alright?" Andy hurriedly ran over. He saw everything clearly just now. It was obvious that the woman had intentionally fallen and wanted to throw the ball at Amy.
	"Andy? I'm fine." At this moment, Amy regained her senses. Looking at Andy's handsome face, she was stunned for a moment.
	"Andy, are you here to play bowling too?" When Allison saw Andy, she couldn't help but walk over.
	As Gina saw Andy, she started to feel jealous again. Why were all the men around Amy so outstanding?
	Andy was still holding Amy's hand. Seeing that Amy was feeling better, he was relieved.
	Gina also walked over, "Allison, who is this?" Gina did not know Andy.
	"This is a friend of mine, Andy." Allison wanted to show off in front of Gina, but they ignored the people who came with them.
	Eliana also walked over. She was shocked heavily just now. But as she saw Andy holding Amy's hand, she pulled Andy's hand away and went to check on Amy herself.
	"Amy, are you hurt?" Eliana had concealed her anxiety in her heart.
	"No, thank you for your concern. I'm fine." Amy looked at Eliana and said. Eliana was very nice to Amy, but Amy didn't know why.
	Sherry and Yuris also came to show their care to Amy.
	Allison seized the opportunity and wanted to talk to Andy.
	However, Andy's gaze had always been on Amy, and he didn't look at Allison at all.
	As Gina saw that Andy didn't even look at Allison who was beautiful and generous, she knew she never stood a chance on seducing him.
	"Amy, I was so worried just now. Fortunately, you're fine." At this moment, Allison moved closer to Amy and pretended to be kind.
	"Amy, I'm sorry, I slipped just now." Seeing that so many people were concerned about Amy but no one cared about her, Gina felt even more jealous of Amy.
	How could so many people treat Amy so well?
	Although Amy was fine, no one was interested in the match anymore.
	"How about this? I'll treat everyone to a meal to express my apologies." Seeing that everyone was unhappy, Allison suggested. If she could invite these people today, she could brag about it in the future.
	"I'm good. That's it for today. We don't have the mood to continue playing now." Eliana was impatient.
	Her daughter almost got hurt just now, and she had no mood to eat anything.
	"Ms. Rose, it was an accident just now, so I want to treat everyone to a meal to express my apologies." The cooperation Allison had discussed with Sherry yesterday had not succeeded at all, so Allison came here and wanted to continue discussing with Sherry.
	"Mrs. Newell invited us here today. Since she said no, then no. Allison, you can take your friend back first. We'll keep in contact. Mr. Baker, do you want to have dinner together?" Sherry also knew Andy. She and Andy's father were old friends.
	"Not today. I'll treat Ms. Rose and Mr. Keller to dinner myself after I return to France." The headquarters of Andy's SR Company was in France.
	"Alright then, it's up to you. We'll leave first." Sherry took Amy's hand and left with Eliana.
	"Andy, then I'll treat you to dinner. It's already lunch time anyway. We haven't seen each other for a long time. Shall we go eat together?" Allison looked at Andy with expectation, hoping that he would not reject her.
	"Alright." Andy did not reject her today.
	Hearing that he agreed, Allison was so excited that she didn't know what to do. She didn't even know where to put her hands. Andy had never agreed to Allison's request. Even though Allison knew Andy's taste very well, she didn't have the chance to please him.
	"Then let's go. Let's go to the Royal Restaurant. You will like the food there." Allison immediately called the Royal Restaurant.
	"Amy, Mr. Keller and I have read the contract you drafted. I feel that we are very satisfied with it. We will be free the day after tomorrow, so we can settle all details then." Sherry was especially enthusiastic about Amy while she was eating.
	Amy thought that she would have to wait for a while before Sherry could reply to her. She didn't expect that Sherry would reply so quickly. Was it because she was almost injured today that Sherry wanted to give her a surprise in advance?
	"Alright, then I'll pick you up and sign the contract in HD Group." Although her heart was filled with ecstasy, Amy still had a calm smile on her face.
	"Eliana, take a look at Amy and see if she is like you. Why do I feel that you two are very similar? She is just your younger version. Also, you two look like each other!" Sherry looked at Amy and Eliana, feeling amazing.
	Amy and Eliana exchanged glances. Eliana was a little nervous. She didn't think she look much like Amy.
	"Sherry, where precisely do you think Amy and I look alike?" Eliana asked Sherry with a puzzled expression.
Chapter 167 Amy Stepped into a Trap
	Eliana heard Sherry say that Amy and she looked alike. She looked at Amy, and Amy looked at her.
	"Rose, where precisely do you think Amy and I look alike?" Eliana asked Sherry.
	"You are both beautiful women. Don't you think so?" Sherry's explanation amused everyone.
	Eliana breathed a sigh of relief at this moment. She did not want others to know about her relationship with Amy since Stephen was still alive. She couldn’t take Amy from him in his lifetime.
	"That's right. The three of you are all beautiful women. You all look alike." At this time, Yuris also joked.
	As they ate and talked, they forgot the unpleasant accident that happened just now.
	After dinner, Eliana took Sherry and Yuris back to the hotel, and then she sent Amy back.
	"Amy, you have to watch out for Allison. She's not a good person. I think she has a strong hostility towards you. I've heard about the story between Richard and her before, so you must be careful." Eliana reminded Amy in the car.
	"OK. Thank you, Mrs. Newell." Amy thanked Eliana. Even Eliana could tell how hostile Allison was to Amy.
	Then they had some small talks, and they enjoyed themselves. No matter what they said, they seem to have a certain tacit understanding.
	Amy asked Eliana to send her to HD Group. She didn't want to go home right now.
	*****
	"What are you doing here?" Richard looked at Amy, who was holding some snacks for him.
	"You haven't eaten lunch yet, right? I knew it, so I brought you some snacks you like. Take a bite first." Amy put the food on Richard's desk.
	"OK. The red bean cake is still warm. It smells good. Let me try it." Richard put down the pen in his hand. He was busy today. The contracts with the partners had been drafted, and he was still making detailed changes.
	Amy was right. He didn’t have lunch. He only took two red bean cakes and drank the juice that Amy brought for him.
	"Mr. Carter." The secretary knocked on the door. When she saw Amy inside, she did not go in rashly.
	"Come in." Richard let her in.
	"Mr. Carter, Miss Field brought this for you. She heard that you missed lunch." The secretary held a large food box in her hand.
	"No." Richard refused without thinking. However, Amy had her secretary leave the food on the desk.
	"You haven't eaten lunch. Why don't you take it? Since someone has brought you food, you should eat some first, or you'll starve later." Amy opened the food box. It was Richard's favorite food.
	Amy and Eliana were eating hotpot for the lunch, so she didn’t order takeout for Richard. Now that someone had brought food to Richard, she was relieved. After all, she cared for him and didn’t want to see him staving.
	"I've eaten your red bean cakes. I'm not hungry anymore." Richard didn't even look at the food. He felt whatever Amy brought for him was the most delicious.
	"Come on. I'll feed you." Amy looked at the food and picked up Richard's favorite food.
	"Alright." Richard smiled happily and opened his mouth and let Amy feed him. He suddenly realized that no matter what it was, it would become very delicious as long as it had anything to do with Amy.
	While Allison looked at the loving couple at the door. She felt like her heart were torn apart. She swore that she would get back at Amy very soon.
	Allison did not expect Amy to return to the company. She wanted to show her care to Richard, but Amy took the credit.
	Oh Amy was really a bitch, and she ruined everything!
	After the lunch, Amy cleaned up and went back to her office. Richard had a lot of work to do, so she didn't want to disturb him anymore. She went back to see if there was something she could do to help Richard.
	Both of them were busy in their offices, but at this time, Amy received a phone call.
	"Amy? Come back quickly. Grandpa isn't feeling well. I can't take him to the hospital by myself." Sophia said hurriedly through the phone.
	"No one can help you at home?" Addy and Eva should always be at home.
	"They went out with the driver. No one else can drive. I can't do anything by myself. So I can only come to ask you." Hearing Sophia's crying voice, Amy was anxious. She knew that John was sick, and John had treated her very well, so Amy grabbed her bag and left before she could say a word to Richard.
	Sophia put down the phone and nodded to Eva and Addy. Everything was settled.
	Knowing that Amy was about to return, they went to make preparations.
	Amy hurriedly took a taxi back to the Carter's mansion. But it was really quiet.
	Amy arrived at John's room. There was no sound inside, so she pushed open the door. It was also quiet in his room. There was no one inside, and she did not see John.
	Wasn't John seriously ill? Where did they go? Amy felt that it was very strange. She walked around the house, but she still didn't see John. And she didn't even see Sophia.
	Amy went to ask a servant. It seemed that John was really sick, but he had been sent to the hospital. The servant did not know which hospital he was in.
	Amy didn't have Sophia's number, so she could only call Richard, but she couldn't reach him either.
	Amy couldn't get through to anyone on the phone. Only then did she realize that her cell phone didn't have any signal. To be more accurate, there was no signal in the whole house.
	She could only call from the landline, but the landline was not working.
	Now that Amy was completely isolated at home, she didn't know where to go even if she was desperate to go out.
	The Internet at home was blocked, and all the cell phones had no signal. At this time, Amy didn't have a choice. She took a taxi to the supermarket outside and called Richard.
Chapter 168 John Passed Away
	When Amy called Richard, he sounded very anxious on the phone.
	"Amy, where have you been? Grandpa has been seriously ill for a long time in the hospital. Tell me where you are, and I'll pick you up." Although Richard was anxious, he also paid attention to his tone.
	John was really sick. Did Sophia tricked her into coming back so that everyone in the family would have prejudices against her?
	"No need to pick me up, Richard. Just tell me the location. I'll take a taxi." Amy also knew that Richard was worried about her, but it would be a waste of time.
	John was in a really bad situation. So Richard didn't say anything else and directly told Amy the address of the hospital.
	Amy took a taxi and quickly arrived at the hospital. When she got on the 28th floor and got out of the elevator, she heard the sound of crying.
	It was over. This time, she didn't get to see John before he died. Amy saw that the Carters were all crying in the corridor.
	"Amy, hurry up and see Grandpa." Richard was anxiously waiting for Amy. As soon as he came out, he saw Amy arrive. He hurriedly let Amy enter the ward.
	John had passed away. His death was also a relief to him. Years of illness had tortured him badly. Although he was tough and didn’t complain, everyone knew his pain.
	John could live longer, but how did he suddenly die?
	William and Jacob were in the ward, and Allison was also there.
	"You bitch, grandpa was so kind to you. You didn't come to see him while he was dying. Where did you go? Why couldn't we reach you? How heartless you are!" Eva hadn't forgotten to scold Amy at this time. John's death was also a good thing for her. No one could suppress her at home in the future.
	"That's right. You always pretend to be nice, but at the critical moment, what did you do? Did you wish grandpa to die?" Jacob also spoke at this time.
	"What are you talking about? Don't judge without knowing the truth. Now that Grandpa was gone, why are we still arguing? Tell everyone to come and pay their condolences. We should arrange his funeral properly." Richard defended Amy and stood beside her.
	Richard was still respected at home. Everyone seemed to calm down after hearing his words, but the way Eva looked at Amy was filled with hostility.
	Richard took Amy to Cathy. At this time, the way Halbert looked at Amy was not very friendly either.
	"Mom, let Amy stay with you. I'm going to take care of Grandpa's funeral. Dad, come with me." Richard called for Halbert to go with him to deal with these.
	"Amy, where did you go just now? I can't reach you." At this time, Cathy finally got her chance and asked Amy in a low voice.
	"Mom, if I say that Sophia tricked me back home and blocked the signal at home, will you believe me?" asked Amy.
	"I believe you." Cathy answered without hesitation.
	She knew Amy very well. It was impossible for her not to answer the phone for such a long time. This was definitely a trap set by Sophia. However, Sophia was too despicable. She actually used John as bait.
	"I don't care if others believe me or not. As long as you and Richard believe me, I will be satisfied." Amy said to Cathy.
	They were silent after the conversation. John's death was such a blow to them. Now that Eva had returned, she would definitely help Addy and her family. Then Cathy and Amy would be in trouble.
	"Of course I believe you. You are my daughter-in-law. I know you very well. It's just that our current situation is not good. Your father seems to have listened to your grandmother's words and has a bad impression of you. I don't want to go back home anymore." Cathy still hadn't forgiven Halbert.
	"Mom, come back. Our home is incomplete and cold without you. Mom, if you leave, I probably won't be able to stay for long." Amy said to Cathy. Was this the ending of this family?
	"Let me think about it. Amy, you are now the vice president of HD Group. There will be many people watching you. They are eager to find trouble with you. We are in a difficult situation but I haven't thought of a proper way to solve it for the time being." Cathy and Amy were discussing what they should do next.
	"There are consequences. Let's see what you've done to John. Now that he was gone, are you happy?" Eva walked over at this time. She pointed at Amy and Cathy and scolded them.
	At this moment, however, a person was shooting from afar with a camera. But everyone was busy with John's matters, and no one noticed.
	"Grandma, don't be angry. Amy may have some difficulties. Come and rest for a while." Allison supported Eva and walked to Amy's side. She looked as if she was considerate to Amy. Seeing this, Jacob felt even more distressed for her.
	"Allison, you are so gentle and kind. However, some people are not as kind as you think. You treat her so well, but she may harm you behind your back." Jacob said to Allison.
	"Yes, Allison. If only all the girls nowadays were as kind as you. However, some people insist on being mean and selfish." Eva also spoke for Allison.
	Neither Amy nor Cathy argued with these people. In their eyes, it was not worth it.
	John's funeral would be held three days later. But some people from the Carter family hadn't arrived yet, so they had to wait.
	However, there were many stories about Amy in the newspaper the next day.
	There was a large photo of Amy and a man on the news. The man held Amy's hand. The two of them were very close. The background of the photo was very blurry and you could only see his profile but Amy was facing the camera directly.
	The headline was, "The daughter-in-law of the Carter family was dating another man as John Carter was dying. Where did all the moral values go?"
	The entire R City was bustling with excitement. It was rumored that Amy was cheating on Richard when John was fighting with death. As a result, many people who did not know the truth were denouncing Amy.
	Even within the HD Group, the story of Amy began to spread crazily.
	Richard looked at the newspaper and could tell that the man should be Andy. But when was this photo taken? The background was very blurry, which must be planned by others on purpose.
	He decided to ignore it, but it wouldn’t disappear. Just as Richard hid all the newspapers and didn't let Amy see them, another overwhelming piece of news came out on the third day.
Chapter 169 Amy Was Slapped
	"Amy, you are just a troublemaker, right? You were exposed yesterday for dating a man instead of seeing your grandfather while he was dying. And now, everyone knew you were quarreling with your family at the hospital. What a capable woman you are!" Halbert looked at the newspaper and angrily threw it under Amy's feet.
	Yesterday, Amy was with Cathy and thus she did not notice the news. But she was scolded by Halbert as soon as she returned today.
	Amy looked down and picked up the newspaper. She saw the newspaper was full of photos of Grandma Eva cursing at her. The angle of the photos was excellent, and it looked like Amy was the one started quarreling.
	"Dad, you were in the hospital that day. I didn't say anything." Amy said to Halbert.
	"You didn't say anything? Look at this. Who was the man? What were you two doing?" Halbert threw yesterday's newspaper to Amy.
	Amy took a look. It was a picture of herself and a man. His face was blurry on purpose. However, she could tell that the man was Andy. He was holding her hand. But it was truly an incidence. It was taken when she was almost hit by Gina's bowling ball.
	The title was quite interesting. It said that she, as the hostess of the Carters, secretly went to meet her lover and didn't even bother to visit Grandpa John at the hospital.
	"Dad, this isn't the truth. He..." Amy wanted to explain to Halbert.
	"It's not the truth? When John was in critical condition, you weren't by his side. Everyone was calling you, but none of them got through. Halbert also called, he knew it." Grandma Eva walked over and argued loudly.
	When Halbert thought about it, he agreed with Eva. On that day, as he saw that Grandpa John couldn't make it, he had been calling Amy. However, the call couldn't get through. Halbert was very angry about this.
	Grandpa John liked Amy very much and was always nice to her. But as he was dying, Amy wasn’t there for him.
	"I don't want to hear your explanation. You weren't there back then, and you couldn't be reached. Think about it. When did our family fail you? But what you did is a disgrace to us!" At this time, Halbert was furious.
	Seeing that Halbert wouldn't listen to her explanation and that Grandma Eva was instigating, Amy felt it was useless to say anything.
	"Grandma, Dad, I need to go out. Let's talk about these after I get back." Amy had to pick up Sherry and Yuris. The contract was supposed to be signed today.
	"Are you feeling guilty? Do you want to run? You wanna go find your lover and discuss how to deal with our family?" Grandma Eva walked over and pulled Amy, not willing to letting her go. She wanted to drive Amy out of the Carter family.
	"Grandma, I have something very important to do today. Please let me go." Amy got so anxious since time was passing by very quickly.
	"Is that how you speak to your grandma? This arrogant attitude? You did something wrong yet won't admit it?" Seeing that Amy was in a hurry to leave, Halbert was quite angry. Amy should give the Carters an explanation, right? But what was she doing now?!
	"Dad, I will explain to Richard. He knows the best what I have done. But today, I don't have time to explain it to you. Please let me go. I have to go." Amy wanted to pull her arm out of Grandma Eva's grip.
	However, Grandma Eva was a farmer since she was young and thus she was quite strong. Amy had to make greater efforts to pull her arm out. However, before she could do anything, Grandma Eva staggered and fell to the ground.
	Bang! Halbert gave Amy a slap in the face.
	Halbert was hitting Amy very heavily and her face instantly swelled. She was at a loss for a moment.
	And the next second, she burst into tears.
	After Halbert hit Amy, he helped Grandma Eva up. He said to Amy, "Apologize to Grandma. You don't know how to behave yourself, do you? Don't you even know to respect the elderly? How were you brought up?" Halbert was still outrageous.
	"Dad, I call you Dad because you are Richard's father. But it never means you are right and fair. I won't explain anything to you for now. I have to go now. If you stop me again, I will call Richard."
	Early in the morning, Richard and Hilary had gone to prepare to welcome Sherry and Yuris.
	Amy didn’t leave with them since she had to pick up Sherry and Yuris, but now she was slapped at home.
	A smug smile was shown by Grandma Eva.
	"Mom, what happened to you?" At this time, Addy ran over, shouting exaggeratedly.
	"Go!" Halbert felt that he had gone too far in slapping Amy, but he was still enraged in his heart.
	Amy got into the car. She wiped her tears and looked at her right face in the mirror. It was red and swollen.
	She had no choice but to untie her hair and tried to cover her face with the hair.
	"Hello, Amy, you look good today. Your hair is so smooth and shiny." When Sherry saw Amy, she felt that she liked her already. Anyone would like a smart, beautiful and polite girl when they saw one.
	"Thank you, Ms. Rose, for your praise. You must have been waiting. Then let's go to HD Group now." Amy smiled, but her face twitched in pain for her smile.
	Due to Amy's efforts, they finally signed the contract. As the president, Richard shook hands with Sherry and Yuris.
	"Richard, you are so lucky. You married such a smart and beautiful girl! She will help you a lot! You have to cherish her." Sherry said to Richard.
	"Of course, she's my treasure." Richard hugged Amy, and his happy look relieved Sherry.
	"Sherry, Yuris, I have prepared a banquet for you tonight. I look forward to seeing you there." Richard said to his two partners.
	"No need. We have other appointments tonight. We're going back to Paris early tomorrow morning. I have to go back and inform my subordinates. After making such a large order, we have to make arrangements." Sherry refused. She really had something important to do tonight.
	"Alright then, help yourself. If you need anything, just contact Amy." Richard did not force them.
	"Mr. Carter, I really have something for Amy. Can you send us off early tomorrow morning?" Sherry looked at Amy expectantly.
Chapter 170 A Fake Fall
	"Amy, you are my sweetie. Come and kiss me." Richard cupped Amy's face with his hands, but Amy had a painful look. He just happened to touch her where she was hurt.
	Amy gasped.
	"What's the matter?" At this time, Richard discovered that Amy's face was a little swollen. He was focused on the negotiation. Besides, Amy covered her face with her hair, so he didn't see it.
	"It's fine." Amy said that she was fine, but tears from grievance flowed down her cheeks.
	"How could it be fine? Look at the fingerprints. Who slapped you?" Richard's face darkened.
	His wife was slapped, and he immediately burst into anger.
	"I told you I'm fine. Let's go. I'm so tired. I need to rest." Amy didn't want to say anything. She wasn't in the mood to talk about what happened at the Carter's at this time.
	"Amy, what happened to your face?" Hilary came to pack her things and saw that Amy was wiping her tears the moment she entered the room. Then, she saw a red mark on Amy's face.
	"Richard, you slapped Amy? Why? Why did you do this?" Hilary pulled Richard and blamed him badly. She thought Richard did this.
	"It wasn't Richard. Hilary, let it go." Amy pulled Hilary.
	It wasn't Richard? Then who did it? Hilary looked at Amy's face with distress. This mark was so big, so red, and it shouldn't be from a woman.
	"Was it dad?" Hilary suddenly thought of the men in the house. At this time, the only man left in the house was her father. Her three brothers had gone to work.
	"It's dad? Why did he slap you?" Richard pulled Amy and was about to confront Halbert. It scared Amy so much that she stopped him at once.
	"It's because of the news recently. I don't know who took the pictures and made the headlines. Dad was angry when he read it. He asked me to explain. I was busy picking up Ms. Rose and I was about to leave. Grandma didn't let me go. I don't know what happened, but she fell to the ground. Dad slapped me then." Amy told Richard what had happened at home this morning.
	"It's Grandma again. Nothing will be good as long as she is around. It must be a fake fall, and she blamed your for this, right?" Hilary did not have a good impression of her grandmother.
	"No matter what, my wife can't be bullied by them. Let's go, I will definitely help you." Richard couldn't calm down after hearing Amy's words. Amy was his wife and he would always defend her no matter what.
	"That's right. You must go back. Amy, don't be afraid. Richard and I will help you." Hilary was also quite pissed off. What was wrong with her family? Were they crazy?
	*****
	"What? Did she complain to you?" Halbert was drinking tea and chatting with Grandma Eva in the living room. Seeing that Richard returned aggressively, he looked up and glared at Amy.
	Amy was not afraid of him and staring at him directly.
	"Dad, why did you slap Amy?" Richard walked to Halbert and questioned him.
	"Why did I slap her? Ask her. She hit your grandma! Don’t you think I should teach her a lesson?" Halbert also stood up. They were both tall and now were confronting each other. People beside them were pressured.
	"Grandma, did Amy hit you?" Hilary sat beside Grandma Eva and held her arm.
	"Well, she knows what she has done." Grandma Eva was speaking vaguely since Amy didn't hit her.
	"Oh, we must find the truth and everything in detail. Amy, did you hit my grandmother? I have to avenge her. Richard, show me the surveillance footage in the living room and let me see how Amy hit my grandmother." Hilary seemed to want to revenge for Grandma Eva.
	However, her words reminded Richard. Hilary was really smart at the critical moment. She reminded him that there were surveillance cameras, so everything was recorded.
	"Hilary, what's wrong with you? Is Amy so good to you that you want to help her against your grandma? Speaking of this, Dad, we can check the surveillance footage to see how Amy hit Grandma." Richard pretended to scold Hilary, but his eyes were filled with praise.
	"Go ahead. Let the evidence speak." Halbert wasn't afraid. He saw that Amy and Grandma Eva had an argument this morning.
	However, Grandma Eva felt guilty. She fell by herself. If the footage was checked, it would be obvious that she faked a fall.
	"Forget it. Why bother? We are family. It doesn't matter and I didn't hurt either." Grandma Eva hurriedly found an excuse.
	"Grandma, no. Look at Amy. She is so arrogant. We must convince her. She made the mistake and should bear the consequence." Hilary didn't give in and made it very difficult for Grandma Eva.
	"Dad, do it so that you can warn others that framing won't work here since we have surveillance cameras in this house." Richard refused to compromise.
	"Alright, let's do it!" Halbert was provoked. He wanted to convince Amy that it was right for him to slap her.
	It was useless for Grandma Eva to stop them. Halbert and Richard had turned on the TV and connected the monitoring system.
	Everything that happened in the morning was revealed in front of everyone. First, Halbert threw the newspaper at Amy's feet, and then, Grandma Eva went to pull Amy to prevent her from leaving. The sound was recorded in the footage, and everyone could hear it clearly.
	Amy just wanted to pull her arm out, but Grandma Eva glanced at Amy, and when Halbert didn't pay attention, she fell on her own. Then, Halbert slapped Amy in the face.
	The truth was seen by everyone. Halbert glanced at Grandma Eva who lowered her head.
	"Perhaps my legs went weak." Grandma Eva was still arguing, but her expression in the footage showed that she was trying to frame Amy.
	Halbert also looked very nervous, but since he had slapped Amy, they wouldn't let Amy slap back, right? He didn't say anything anymore.
	"We can't let this go. You are Amy's grandmother and dad. You can't bully her by taking advantage of this. I'll leave this matter to Amy. In the future, don't make trouble at home. Grandfather has always wanted everyone to live in harmony, not against each other." When Richard said those words, he even glanced at Addy. Although she didn't say anything, but in Richard's opinion, she was not easy to deal with.
Chapter 171 Grandma Eva's Promise
	Knowing that Amy would deal with this matter, Grandma Eva looked at Hilary for help. Her granddaughter would help her, right? She really didn't know who Hilary was helping at that time.
	"Well, there's no need for Amy to deal with it. She must be in a difficult situation. I'll apologize to Amy on behalf of Grandma Eva. This won't happen again. Slapping you is definitely wrong. I wasn't considerate enough." Halbert's attitude suddenly changed. He admitted his mistake to Amy.
	"I can admit my mistake in slapping you. However, I would like to know how you can explain the news in today's newspaper. You should give us an explanation." Halbert started to target at Amy again.
	He could admit his mistake, but the news in the newspaper was not a joke, was it? He wouldn't believe that her son would trust such a woman.
	"I want to tell you that Amy is very tired after working. She has signed a contract with Sherry and Yuris today. Do you know what it means signing a contract with them?" Richard pulled Amy to sit down. He was the only one who cared for his wife.
	"What? Sherry and Yuris signed a contract with Amy? Are you joking?" Halbert pouted and looked at Amy. Even Richard might not be able to win a contract from those two companies, and they never worked with HD group before.
	Back then, Halbert had worked hard, but Sherry simply ignored him.
	How could a brat like Amy sign a contract with the two companies?
	"Dad, we didn’t made it but it never means others can’t. Amy did it. Not only did she make it, she also signed a long-term contract with both companies. Do you know what this contract means?" Richard looked at Grandma Eva and Addy.
	However, Richard didn't say anything this time. Halbert said, "Signing these two contracts means that even if HD doesn't sign any contracts with any enterprises in the future, the wealth it brings will be enough for the rest of your life." Halbert was telling the truth.
	With this great fortune, HD Group's position in R City would become even more solid. Of course, it wasn't a match for a foreign group like the Newell Group.
	Grandma Eva and Addy both opened their mouths wide. They were not happy, but they felt that Amy's status in the family would become higher and higher in the future. It would be impossible for them to kick her out.
	When Halbert heard this news, his attitude towards Amy changed a lot.
	He became more sincere in his apologies as he apologized to Amy once again. This girl looked ordinary, but she was able to cooperate with Sherry and Yuris, the two tycoons. She was indeed a capable woman.
	"Amy, it's my fault. I was wrong. Apologies alone can't express my guilt to you. I'll give this to you." Halbert took out a fan made of expensive wood from his study.
	Amy glanced at it and she didn't know what it could be used for. To her, it was just to create wind.
	"Dad, there's no need. If we have a misunderstanding, we can just explain it clearly. We're family, and there's no need to treat me like a guest." Amy refused. She was an amateur in terms of antiques and calligraphy.
	"Take it. You said we're family. And you should feel comfortable getting my gift. Your mother gave you a jade bracelet. I wasn't there at that time, and I didn't give you anything. Now I'll give this to you." Halbert insisted on giving the fan to Amy.
	"Dad, I want to tell you that the man in the photo with me was Andy. That day, Ms. Rose asked me to go bowling, and I was almost injured by someone with a bowling ball. Fortunately, Andy was there. He helped me. That photo was taken at that time. There were many people present, but they were all blurred." Amy felt that she needed to explain the matter regarding that photo to Halbert.
	As for what happened this morning, she didn't need to explain. Everyone was here, and they saw it. There was no need to say anything else.
	"Alright, I see. You guys go and rest. It's been a tiring day. I'll call you when it's dinner time." Halbert waved his hand helplessly. He felt that he was very tired living in his home now.
	In the past, when his mother hadn't come, Cathy managed the house in an orderly manner, so he just left everything to her and lived a relaxed life.
	However, it was different now. He felt that he was living with tricks every day, but he did not know what to do. His wife had returned to her parents' house and did not come back. The way his son and daughter-in-law looked at him was no longer as respectful as before.
	Was he, Halbert, living like such a loser? He let his son and daughter-in-law back, and Hilary left with them as she had nothing to say to these people. There were only Halbert, Grandma Eva, and Addy left in the living room.
	"Mom, you're senior. I brought you here to enjoy your life. Don't worry too much. Addy, take good care of mom. If you need anything, just let me know." Halbert felt that he was very tired, so he went back to his room.
	"You scared me to death. Addy, they are quite formidable. We have to be careful. I didn't expect that there was surveillance everywhere. Forget it, let's talk about this after Sophia's return. We don't have a place in the family now." Grandma Eva was taught a lesson by Halbert. She was shocked in her heart. Could they bully her like this just after her husband passed away?
	"Mom, we need to listen to Sophia. She's smart and knowledgeable. We just came here from the countryside, so we don't know much about things here. We need to deal with them slowly, and we need to prepare for the long term battle." Addy acted like a good guy.
	"I wanted to help you! You've looked after me for so many years, and Cathy that bitch was the hostess here. It’s unfair and I will help you. Addy, you still love Halbert, right?" Grandma Eva held Addy's hand.
	"Mom, I only love him. Otherwise, I would have got remarried a long time ago." Of course Addy only loved Halbert. How many people in this world could compete to Halbert?
	However, Halbert had never liked her. Addy was able to give birth to two sons thanks to Grandma Eva’s tricks. Otherwise, Halbert wouldn't have touched Addy at all.
	"I am happy to heart that. You are good to me and I will always remember that, so I will help you. Don't worry, Addy, these two bitches will be driven out of the Carter family soon." Grandma Eva promised Addy.
Chapter 172 The Rumor-Monger Newspaper Disappeared
	"Allison, how come the Carters trust that bitch Amy so much? We've used so many tricks to drive a wedge between them, but she cleared the air with just a few words. She really pissed me off." After Sophia found out what happened at home, she went to Allison.
	Allison drank her tea gracefully. She also frowned. Amy was indeed lucky. Many family members took her side. Halbert apologized to her. She even concluded a contract with Sherry and Yuris.
	Thinking that Amy had signed a contract with Sherry and Yuris, Allison felt jealous. Sherry and she had known each other for many years. She had thought that Sherry would cooperate with her in one or two projects for sake of the friendship. However, when she talked to Sherry about it, the latter kept avoiding the topic.
	But how did Amy conclude the contract with Sherry and Yuris? It puzzled Allison.
	"There's no rush. Right now, our priority is to make Halbert and Richard hate Amy. Others are insignificant. Richard and Halbert have the final say in the family," Allison analyzed.
	"Then what should we do? I'm dying to see Amy becoming miserable. I'll be walking on air then. Allison, can you move into our house as well? Grandma Eva is too old. William's mother isn’t smart. I can't defeat them alone." Sophia begged Allison to move into the Carter's mansion.
	"You're stupid! What excuse do I have to move in? Jacob's girlfriend? How can I live with him before our marriage? What about my dignity? It will bring shame to my family." Allison told Sophia off for being stupid.
	"I'm sorry. I didn't think it through. Allison, don't be angry." At this moment, Sophia had no other choice but to rely on Allison to help her.
	"Never mind. I know you are just anxious. But don't rush me. I'll figure out a way, the best way, to get rid of Amy once for all."
	"I won't rush you. Take your time." What Sophia wanted the most was to drive Amy out of the Carter family so she could get the jade bracelet as soon as possible.
	She was fearful of Allison. If Allison married Jacob, she would be the eldest son's wife. Then, Sophia's effort would be all for nothing. She had to be the most important woman of the Carter family so the White family could make a comeback in the R City.
	"Come and eat something. Don't be too anxious. We need to make a flawless plan. Only in this way can we get rid of the trouble once for all. Do you understand?" Allison looked at Sophia's chest. It was said a woman couldn’t have both big boobs and a smart brain. But Sophia didn’t have big boobs. Nor did she have a smart brain. Poor girl.
	Thinking of this, Allison straightened her back. There were very few women with plump breasts and intelligence like her. She felt good.
	"Understood," Sophia said flatteringly. She gazed at Allison's chest and thought, 'You must have had the breast enlargement surgery. What's there to be proud of? I can have big breasts as well with a little money.'
	The two of them sat back, drinking tea and eating snacks.
	As they were working on their evil plan, Allison's phone rang. Seeing that it was her mother, Tracy, she hurriedly picked it up.
	"Allison, hurry up. I'm in the hospital. Don't tell your brother or others. Come quickly." Tracy sounded very anxious on the phone.
	"Okay. Mom, I'll be right there." When Allison heard that her mother was in the hospital, she had a bad premonition.
	"Sophia, I have to go. I'm going to the hospital. Go home. I'll let you know when I have a plan." After saying that, Allison took her bag and hurriedly left.
	"Mom, what happened to you? Why were you so anxious?" After arriving at the hospital, Allison saw the pale-faced Tracy.
	"Allison, come here. Listen, I have been diagnosed as having terminal liver cancer. What should I do?" When Tracy knew this, she was shocked. She often felt pain in her right abdomen recently.
	"What? Mom, there must be a mistake." Allison's mother had been her counselor. Allison was stunned at the news.
	"I'm also doubtful. Tell your father and your brother that we are going to travel abroad. I want to go abroad for a recheck." Tracy had no faith in the examination in this hospital. She didn't want to die so early. How could she die before she saw her son and daughter get married?
	Allison asked Tracy, "Should I tell them you are ill?"
	"No, don't tell them. I don't want them to know, especially your father. I always suspect that he has a mistress outside. If they know about my illness, they will be thrilled. I'll have an exact diagnosis and then make a plan. Tell your brother that you want to travel abroad, and I'm going with you," Tracy said to Allison.
	This was the best hospital in R City. If she had doubts about the medical examination result, she could only go abroad to have another examination.
	"Alright, Mom, I'll call my brother right away." Tears flowed down Allison's cheeks uncontrollably. Tracy had always helped Allison. She was always coming up with good ideas. If Tracy died, Allison could only rely on herself.
	*****
	"Richard, why hasn't Mom come back yet?" Amy was lying on the bed. Cathy hadn't come home yet and Amy missed her very much. Without Cathy, this family was turning into a mess.
	"Dad has tried several times to bring her back. It seems that Mom has some unfinished business. Since she promised you that she would come back, she will definitely come back. She always keeps her word." Richard stroked Amy's hair. He was still dealing with some work on the computer.
	"Richard, why do you think things have become like this? Did we do anything wrong? Why doesn't Grandma Eva like me?" Amy was very respectful to the elder. She couldn't figure out why Grandma Eva had hated her from the beginning.
	"How can you expect everyone to like you? It only matters as long as I like you. Don't worry about others. Let me tell you something. You'll be very happy about it. The newspaper that spread rumors about you and Andy has disappeared from R City, and the newspaper that reported about your arguing with Grandma Eva has gone bankrupt," Richard told her.
	"Disappeared? How strange! Did you do it, Richard?" There were only a few people in R City who was capable of doing so. Amy guessed it was her husband.
	"The bankruptcy was my work, but I didn't make the other newspaper disappear since I couldn't find it." However, even though Richard wasn't responsible, he knew who did it.
Chapter 173 Embarrassed Hannah
	Hannah had been depressed recently. Everything she feared had happened. Also, Kevin demanded she go to HA Group to discuss cooperation. No one else was welcome.
	Under the repeated requests of Cadman, Hannah had to go. When she arrived at the entrance of HA Group's office building, Hannah tidied her hair and straightened her clothes.
	Although Kevin's reputation was not good, he was once the boy she admired. Hannah didn't want to look bad in front of him.
	All set, Hannah walked in.
	"Are you Miss Adams?" When the receptionist saw Hannah, she hurriedly ran over to welcome her. Hannah felt awkward. She was not used to the enthusiasm.
	"Yes," Hannah responded.
	"Our president is waiting for you. Please follow me." The receptionist walked to the president's exclusive elevator, and brought Hannah to Kevin's office.
	Although Kevin looked like a playboy, he was actually a wise and conservative man. But he wanted to scare away the women who were coveting him every day.
	Seeing Hannah, Kevin felt that the air was getting fresher, and the tiredness from dealing with the documents had dissipated.
	"Mr. Smith, Miss Adams is here." The receptionist brought Hannah into the president's office and left perceptively.
	"Miss Adams, you're very punctual. Please take a seat. I'll be done soon with this," Kevin said.
	"Take your time, Mr. Smith. There is no rush." Hannah sat on the sofa and waited for Kevin.
	She looked around at Kevin's office. He was said to be a playboy, but his office was decorated in a solemn style. Everything in the large office was properly placed. Apart from black and white, there were no other colors.
	Seeing this, she felt he was a professional CEO. Watching Kevin work earnestly, she thought he was really handsome. But he couldn't make a commitment, and Hannah did not like that.
	"Alright, I've finished it. Let's talk about the cooperation plan with HD Group. I'm sorry, I forgot to get you some water." Seeing that there was no water in front of Hannah, Kevin personally went to get her a glass of water.
	Hannah wanted to decline, but Kevin was fast and had come back with a glass of water.
	"Miss Adams, please drink some water. I'm sorry for not being considerate. I'd like to invite you to lunch as compensation. Do I have the honor, Miss Adams?" Kevin sounded sincere.
	The fact was that the receptionist went to the lobby to welcome Hannah and bring her to Keven's office under his instructions, but he had specifically told her not to get water for Hannah.
	"That's not necessary. Besides, I'm not thirsty." Hannah didn't want to go to lunch alone with Kevin. If the reporters saw it, she didn't know what they would write about her.
	"Miss Adams, are you looking down on me?" Kevin squinted at Hannah. He saw how awkward she was. But he just wanted to get along with her. He didn't have any other bad intentions.
	"No." Hannah didn't dare to say that she didn't like him since he was a playboy. If she failed in this mission, Cadman would kneel before her, which was too much for her.
	Hannah hurriedly took the glass of water and gulped it down. In the end, she drank it too fast and choked.
	Overwhelmed by the embarrassment, Hannah wanted to cry. She wasn't ladylike at all at this moment. How could she make a fool of herself in front of the man she cared about?
	Hannah coughed violently. Kevin was anxious. He gently patted her back with his hand to make her feel better.
	She finally stopped coughing, but her face was red and tearful. She didn't raise her head since she didn’t want him to see her like this. Kevin handed her a tissue, and she wiped her face.
	"Are you feeling better?" he asked worriedly when seeing that her head was lowered down.
	"Yes. Do you have a mirror?" Hannah was concerned about her appearance. Although she kept telling herself Kevin was a playboy, she still cared a little about him.
	"Yes, I'll go get it for you." Smart as Kevin was, he certainly knew what she meant. He brought the mirror to Hannah and went to the bathroom.
	Hannah hurriedly looked in the mirror. Fortunately, her expression had returned to normal. There were no tears or snot coming out. She quickly collected herself. It was really embarrassing just now.
	Seeing that she was ready, Kevin came out. There was still a slight flush on Hannah's cheeks. She looked even more adorable. Kevin wanted to kiss her, but he didn't dare, afraid that he would frighten her.
	"Since you are fine, let's talk about the cooperation and have lunch together afterwards." Kevin hadn't forgotten about the lunch.
	"Alright." Hannah only meant to answer the first half of his sentence. She didn't expect Kevin to add something in the end.
	It was too late for Hannah to take it back. 'Forget it. It's just a meal. I need to eat anyway.'
	Kevin talked about business logically and methodically. Hannah thought his ideas made sense. Fortunately, she had also done a lot of preparatory work. The two of them talked in a tacit understanding for an entire morning and had a very pleasant conversation.
	By noon, Hannah's stomach grumbled. Kevin immediately heard it and Hannah blushed again.
	She didn't have time to eat breakfast in the morning. At this time, she was starving. Just now, her attention had been all on work, and she temporarily forgot she had come with an empty stomach.
	"I'm sorry, I didn't realize it's already noon. Let's go and have lunch. I'm hungry, too. We can continue talking about it after lunch. What do you think?" Kevin closed the file in his hand.
	"Alright then." Hannah knew that Kevin stopped the discussion because he had heard the grumble of her stomach. She agreed to his suggestion since she couldn't focus without eating anyway.
	Noticing how embarrassed she was, Kevin was in a good mood. She always seemed so bold. But in fact, she could be shy sometimes after all.
	Hannah was shy only before someone she cared about. Kevin had discovered it, but Hannah did not realize it.
	Kevin happily brought Hannah to the company's canteen. He had a private room there.
	"Order whatever you like." Kevin handed the menu to Hannah. She took a look and felt that it would be better if Kevin ordered for her.
	"Mr. Smith, please order what you like. I'm not picky about food." Hannah did not know what Kevin liked to eat.
	"Alright then, I'll do it." Kevin took the menu and quickly ordered some dishes before handing it to the waiter.
Chapter 174 Kevin's Secret
	The dishes were served soon. Hannah saw that they were all the ones she liked. Her mouth began watering.
	"Alright, let's eat. We can get back to work after lunch," Kevin said to Hannah, and the two of them began to eat.
	The dishes were Hannah's favorite. Kevin had done his homework. He knew what Hannah liked and what she didn't like.
	However, Hannah did not know about this. She thought that her taste was very similar to Kevin's.
	Hannah ate so much her belly bulged. When Kevin wasn't noticing, she rubbed her belly. The food in the staff canteen was so delicious.
	"How did you like it? The food here is not bad, right? Next time you come, I'll treat you to steamed fish head with chopped pepper. We didn't have it today because the chef is on leave." Steamed fish head with chopped pepper was Hannah's favorite dish.
	"Really? I like steamed fish head with chopped pepper the most. Then I'll eat it the next time I come," Hannah said without hesitation.
	After saying that, she felt that she was being rash. If she didn't have a chance to come next time, wouldn't it be too embarrassing?
	"Let's go back to the office." Kevin took Hannah's hand. The two of them returned to his office. Hannah let Kevin hold her hand. She was still thinking about steamed fish head with chopped pepper.
	"Noon is the time to rest. I won't take up your rest time. You take a rest. We can talk about work in the afternoon." Kevin released Hannah's hand.
	When he suddenly let go of her hand, Hannah felt a little weird. Only then did she realize that he had been holding her hand. His hand was warm and dry. It felt very comfortable.
	No. What was happening? Why was she thinking of a playboy's hand? There must be something wrong with her. Hannah immediately came to her senses. No, she couldn't let this go on. Kevin was charming. If she spent too much time with him, she might be fascinated. Then she would end up being one of thousands of women abandoned by him.
	'Hannah, you can't be charmed by him. Wake up. Clear your head,' Hannah kept warning herself.
	"What's on your mind?" a gentle voice asked her. As Hannah turned around, her lips touched Kevin's cheek.
	Both of them were stunned. Kevin's reaction was unexpected. When Hannah was about to turn around, he cupped her face with his hands and pressed his lips against hers.
	Hannah was out of breath. Only then did she realize he kissed her again.
	"Why are you still so silly? Breathe. Or you may be suffocated." Kevin looked at Hannah's flushed face and her moist lips, and smiled. All this was because of him. This woman belonged to him.
	"You ... Mr. Smith, why do you keep kissing me?" Although Hannah blushed, she wasn't angry this time. It was as if she had never been really angry with Kevin's kiss. Instead, she felt a little infatuated.
	"I have only kissed you twice. If you want me to keep kissing you, I will agree to your request gladly." Kevin smiled evilly. He reached out his beautiful hand to touch Hannah's lips.
	Hannah quickly dodged. This playboy had always wanted to take advantage of women.
	"Mr. Smith, there are many women who like you, and they are all very outstanding. I know that, but I am just the daughter of an ordinary family, and I am not as outstanding as those women. Please keep a distance with me. I am faithful in love." Hannah's face was cold. She wanted to make it clear to Kevin that if he hit on her again, the consequences would be very serious.
	"Hannah, what do you mean? You emphasized that you are faithful? Am I not? You made it sound like I am a womanizer. I like to hit on you. What can you do about it?" Kevin was also angry. Why did she think he had many women?
	"You are faithful? You're a famous playboy in R City. If you come on to me again, the consequences will be serious!" Hannah warned again.
	"I'm not afraid of any consequences. I'll keep coming on to you. Hannah, you're mine. You can't run away from me," Kevin said with certainty.
	Hannah looked at him strangely for a while. Kevin also looked at her, not knowing what was going on in her head.
	Kevin was really handsome. In terms of appearance, he was not inferior to Richard and Andy at all. Hannah looked at Kevin and pounced on him. She held his face and kissed him. But she didn't know how to kiss. She just bit him randomly and his mouth was full of her saliva.
	With such lousy kissing skills, she was forcing her kiss on him, but Kevin didn't resist. He just let her bite him. If it hurt too much, he would gently bite her back. Then she would restrain herself.
	Hannah was panting heavily from the kiss. She was too tired, but biting Kevin felt good. His lips were soft.
	After the kiss, Hannah let go of Kevin and gasped in his arms.
	Kevin fondly stroked her hair and her face. She was so weird. But he still had a question.
	"Will you forcefully kiss me every time I come on to you?" Kevin asked.
	"No, you must be responsible for me. If you can't do that, I will kill myself," Hannah threatened. She was just joking. She wouldn't die. It was great to be alive.
	"Silly girl, of course I will be responsible for you. Don't worry, I won't let you die." Kevin hugged her. At this moment, he felt that the sky was so clear, the ground was so vast, and he was so happy.
	The two of them hugged each other and didn't want to let go. They fell asleep on the sofa in such a position. Hannah's saliva dripped onto Kevin's fancy shirt.
	"Amy, someone wants to ask us out for a get-together. Do you want to go?" Richard walked from his office to Amy's office and asked.
	"Who is it?" Amy stopped what she was doing and looked up at Richard.
	"Kevin. He has a new girlfriend. He wants us to meet her." Richard walked over and placed his hands on her desk, looking at her.
	"He has a new girlfriend? He changes girlfriends constantly. I don't want to meet her. He will have a new girlfriend before I can remember this one's name." Amy shook her head.
	"Amy, since when does Kevin have girlfriend? He only used those women as a cover up because his parents have been forcing him to get married, just like me. He is still a virgin. Of course, I'm not anymore." Richard revealed Kevin's secret.
	"He's still a virgin?" Surprised, Amy almost choked on her own saliva.
Chapter 175 Kevin's Girlfriend
	Amy was curious about Kevin's girlfriend, so she agreed to Kevin's invitation. What kind of girl would win Kevin's heart? Amy was looking forward to finding it out. In the blink of an eye, it was the weekend. Amy drove to the arranged place with Richard.
	Kevin was waiting there. He looked radiant, and even his hair was neatly combed.
	"Hello, Amy and Richard. My girlfriend went shopping. She'll be right here," Kevin said to them.
	Amy suddenly remembered that she needed to buy something, so she went to the supermarket nearby.
	After picking some drinks and food, Amy wanted to buy some napkins, so she walked to the napkins area.
	"Hannah?" Amy saw Hannah at a glance.
	"Amy?" Hannah looked at Amy. The things they bought were almost the same, such as food and drinks.
	"Amy, where are you going?" Hannah asked. She felt that it was rare to meet Amy here.
	"I'm going to Thunder Mountain. What about you?" Looking at the things in Hannah's hands, Amy found it strange.
	"I'm also going there. What a coincidence! Then we can go together." Hannah did not know that Kevin had made an appointment with Amy. She only knew that Kevin asked two of his friends out.
	"Alright, then we can go together." Amy and Hannah walked out of the supermarket hand in hand and arrived at the place where Richard and Kevin were waiting for them.
	"Kevin, the friends you have asked out are Amy and Richard, right?" No matter how careless Hannah was, she realized that something was wrong.
	"Yes. Let me introduce her to you. This is my girlfriend, Hannah. Are you surprised?" Kevin pulled Hannah over and held her in his arms.
	Heavens! This wasn't a pleasant surprise, but a shock. Amy failed to regain her senses for a long time.
	Hannah blushed. At the sight of Amy's shocked expression, she thought Amy was angry.
	"Amy, I planned to tell you in a few days. I didn't expect Kevin to tell you today. I'm a little nervous and uncomfortable." Hannah hurriedly explained to Amy.
	"No, it's not like that. It's fine. It's good that you guys are together," Amy hurriedly said.
	If Richard hadn't told her yesterday that Kevin was a virgin, she definitely wouldn't like Kevin, a notorious playboy, being with her good friend.
	But now that she knew Kevin's secret, and that Kevin was the person Hannah longed for, such an outcome was the best.
	They shared a car and headed for Thunder Mountain.
	Two men sat in the front row and two women sat in the back row. Amy and Hannah were whispering in the back.
	"Amy, do you think it weird that I have fallen for a womanizer?" Hannah was a little worried that Amy didn't like Kevin.
	"No, your choice is correct. Let me tell you. Kevin is a virgin. Yesterday, Richard told me that those rumors about him were all false. He wants to find a girl he likes, so he creates such rumors." Amy secretly told Hannah Kevin's secret.
	"Really? I thought he was lying to me." Actually, when Kevin said that, Hannah didn't have full faith in him. Now that Amy said so, she completely believed him.
	Although people gossiped that Kevin kept changing girlfriends and that he became a trending topic with different women, it seemed that no one had seen him shopping with any woman.
	It turned out that she was lucky to have such a boyfriend. Hannah smiled happily when she thought about it.
	"Amy, I think I'm lucky. I'm so ordinary, but he's so outstanding. Why does he fall for me?" Hannah was intoxicated by the joy of Kevin asking her to be his girlfriend.
	"Why do you belittle yourself? You're outstanding. Don't underestimate yourself. You're unique, and you're the best." Amy encouraged Hannah.
	"Really?" When Hannah heard Amy's words of encouragement, she felt confident.
	The group arrived at Thunder Mountain. As the name implied, Thunder Mountain looked a bit like Thunder God. There was a sharp nose and a sharp mouth. It looked quite impressive.
	"Today, we come here to admire the scenery of nature. The only difference between Thunder Mountain and others is that the top of Thunder Mountain is covered in snow all year round. We have to rent clothes. Clothes on us won't be enough to stand the cold." Kevin told everyone.
	Hearing that it was so cold, Hannah wavered. She was afraid of the cold.
	"It's so cold. I'm a little scared," Hannah said.
	"Don't worry. I'm here. We'll rent down jackets," Kevin said as he lowered his head and shook her hand.
	Hannah found it improper to argue at the sight of Amy's and Richard's excited looks. Since they had come, they should have a whale of a good time.
	Kevin went to rent four down jackets and thick snow boots to equip the two girls.
	"There aren't many visitors today, so we don't have to go to the special passageway. It's more interesting to play with the tourists." Kevin suggested.
	Thunder Mountain was his property. It gave him a different feeling now than spending time with the tourists.
	"Alright. I don't want us four to separate from others. It's more fun to have more people around." Hannah immediately agreed. She had just promised to be Kevin's girlfriend, so she was a little awkward.
	Thus, they went to buy tickets and lined up to get in the sightseeing cable car.
	There were a total of twelve people in the cable car. Everyone was here to experience the scenery of Thunder Mountain. Although it was a hot summer day at the foot of the hill, this place was filled with ice and snow.
	Two children sitting on the cable car watched the scenery beneath their feet and happily jumped. The cable car rocked, so Amy, who was afraid of heights, was even more frightened.
	"Well, we can't do vigorous exercises in the cable car. Please tell your kids to stop jumping." Richard felt that Amy was tightening her grip on him, so he said to the two children's parents.
	"Our children are just jumping lightly. They didn't do vigorous exercises. It won't be a problem. If you're afraid, don't come." The parents of the two children were unreasonable.
	"What are you talking about? We are in a public place, not your home. It clearly says that visitors can't jump. Can't you see it?" Hannah flew into a temper.
	How could she forget that Amy was afraid of heights? She tightly grabbed onto Amy's shoulder.
	"I can't see it. So what? What can you do to us? Thunder Mountain doesn't belong to you. I'll do whatever I want." Those children's mother was getting more and more aggressive, looking like a fierce rooster.
Chapter 176 Thunder Mountain
	"If the cable car falls, it doesn't matter if we die, nor does it matter for you? You have four families here." Kevin said coldly.
	"Cable car is accident-prone. Have you heard the news recently? A kid lost his parents because of a cable car accident." Kevin continued.
	"Stop jumping! Stop! Why would we meet you? What kind of luck is this!" The woman felt scared and hurriedly warned her children.
	The man glanced at Kevin and then looked at Richard. God! They were famous people! But this woman just called them names.
	The man lowered his head and the two children stopped being noisy. The others in the cable car became quiet then.
	Suddenly, the cable car made a sound as it passed the pillars, and then it trembled violently. It scared the women. She immediately hugged the man, and had no regard for her children.
	The man pulled her away, "Kids! Protect kids!" The man whispered to her.
	The woman realized that. Everyone started laughing. What a selfish woman! The first thing she thought of when she encountered any dangers was herself. She didn't even care about the children.
	"What are you laughing at? Really, do you know who I am? It was my misfortune to meet you!" The woman started cursing again.
	"Stop talking. That's enough." The man covered his face and stopped woman. If he knew how stupid the woman was, he would never flirt with her. If it weren't for her beauty, he would have kicked her out.
	The woman glanced at the man. What was going on? Why did he tell her to shut up? But she didn't say anything else. She just glared at the people in the cable car.
	Richard and Kevin protected their girlfriends and looked ahead. They ignored that woman.
	When the cable car reached the top of the mountain, everyone got off one after another. Amy did not say anything along the way. She did not know she was going to take the cable car. If she knew it, she would not come. However, she had to endure it now.
	"Mr. Wilson, nice to see you. I think you were so absorbed in the view that you didn't recognize me." When Richard walked past the man, he said this slowly.
	Andrew was stunned when he heard this.
	"Mr. Carter and Mr. Smith, it was my bad. Today's matter is all my fault. I'll invite you to dinner sometime." Andrew was the eldest son of the Wilson family, also a lecherous man. His wife was controlling and he couldn't bare it. So he was always out there hooking up with other women.
	"Don't bother. We can't pay it back anyway. Bye then." Richard left without looking at him.
	"Who is that? That's so rude." The woman with her two children was looking at Richard's back with disdain.
	The two men, she thought, were good looking and covered in designer labels. They must have got into some kind of rich woman.
	"Shut up! That's Mr. Carter, the boss of HD Group. And the other one is Mr. Smith, who owns the Smith's Beauty Salon. No one dares to even disagree with them! You stupid woman! You've ruined everything." Andrew was furious that he wanted to slap her.
	The woman was shocked. She remembered her husband said that he was going to cooperate with HD Group recently. If the partnership succeeded, the benefits could be substantial. But now it all seemed to have gone up in smoke.
	"What should we do? He doesn't know me, right? I don't even go out. They definitely don't know me." The woman thought she still had a chance.
	But Richard and Kevin knew Andrew! Matt had won the HD Group and the Tom Group's projects. Landon had praised him a lot. If Landon found out about Andrew's scandal, then his position as vice president was at stake.
	"Andrew, let's go take a look at the top of the mountain." The woman relaxed a lot when she found that Richard didn't know her.
	But Andrew wasn't in the mood. He was depressed.
	"I don't want to. I'm taking my child back. You can go yourself." Of the two children, one was the woman's own, the other his. Andrew used the child as an excuse to come out. His wife knew about him, so she was careful on that.
	"Don't go, Andrew! We haven't done that yet..." They came out for a date, but didn't do anything.
	"Don't come looking for me again. Let's break up. You stupid woman. If I lose the vice presidency, your husband's career will be over." Andrew warned and left with his daughter.
	The woman didn't find anything fun, so she left with her child.
	After got off the cable car, Amy stood for a long time before she recovered. She was still uncomfortable.
	"It's fine. That cable car is safe. It won't break like Kevin said. We would be careful on that." Richard comforted Amy.
	"Amy is afraid of heights. She used to be afraid to even sit on Andy's shoulders." Hannah explained.
	When Richard heard that Amy had been so close to Andy since she was a kid, he was a little jealous. Why didn't he participate in Amy's childhood?
	"It's alright. Let's go. I heard that the Thunder Mountain is unique. There would be snow at this time. I really want to see it." In order not to disappoint everyone, Amy followed. She also wanted to see the snow in summer.
	Along the way, there was sparkling snow that had not melted away, some on the bushes, some on the branches, and some in the soil.
	Looking around, it was a world covered in snow, a world of purity.
	Hannah and Amy were wearing down jackets, but they still shivered when the snow wind blew in.
	"Come, come into my arms. Kevin, I think this place is good. We can hug them with a proper reason." Richard smiled. This was the first time Kevin had seen him smile so happily.
Chapter 177 Amy Was Injured
	At the top of Thunder Mountain was a large lake right at the center. The snow on the periphery had melted. And the center was still covered with thick snow. Children were playing on the ice.
	They walked around the lake, enjoying different scenery. Everywhere they went, they found a different kind of beauty.
	There was still some snow on the plank road and it was slippery. They then strolled slowly forward, hand in hand.
	A part of road was high from the lake. Everyone was looking towards the center. A boy was playing on the ice. But Amy suddenly saw a crack on the surface. She was worried and wanted to call the boy to come up. However, she slipped and slid into the lake.
	"There's a crack! Get that boy up!" Amy didn't forget about the boy when she was slipping down to the lake.
	Seeing that Amy fell from the fence and wouldn't stop shouting about the boy, Richard immediately flipped over the fence.
	Kevin also jumped out. Luckily, the ice was thick. Amy only sprained her foot. Several people pulled that boy out. The crack of the ice was widening so fast that the boy fell into the lake.
	Fortunately, Amy shouted, and then the boy could be saved.
	Amy's foot was swollen. She sprained her ankle so badly that she couldn't walk at all.
	The boy's parents walked over and thanked Amy. Fortunately, Amy reminded them, or they would have been too late to save their child. The water under the ice was bone-chilling.
	"You were injured. Shall we take you to the hospital?" The relative of the boy asked with concern when he saw Amy's foot.
	"It's fine. We can go to the hospital by ourselves." Amy waved her hand and refused. They were sensible enough to offer paying the medical bill.
	"Take it, please. This is my business card. We can take any problem. Since you won't let us take you to the hospital, you can keep the money." The good-looking relative insisted on giving money to Amy and stuffed her with his business card.
	Amy then accepted it. She put them in her purse.
	Richard held Amy. He also suffered from the pressure of being ignored. They actually took no notice of this handsome man.
	Finally, the family left. Richard left with Amy in his arms. Kevin and Hannah followed them together and got on the cable car again.
	"Look at me. Stop staring at others." Richard said to Amy.
	Amy looked at him as he wished. She enjoyed looking at his handsome man straight out.
	Suddenly, a business card fell out of her pocket.
	"Amy, that guy left you a business card. He's a lawyer." Hannah picked it up and handed it to Amy.
	Amy was about to take it, but Richard took it and said, "Focus. Or you'll feel bad later." Richard had enough reason. Amy could only look at him.
	After twenty minutes, they descended the mountain. Although there were some accidents, they had a good time today.
	"There's a hospital nearby. We can go take a look." Kevin pointed at the hospital and said to everyone.
	"Nothing serious. It's just a sprain. Use some potion and you'll be fine in a few days." The doctor examined Amy's foot and found that it did not sprain to the bone. It was just a ligament injury.
	"Perfect. You can't leave me now." Richard hugged Amy. Amy was thin. He hadn't felt tired after holding her for so long.
	"I wasn't going to do that anyway." Amy whispered in Richard's ear.
	Richard became more satisfied. He smiled even more brightly, drawing the gazes of all the doctors and nurses. What a charming man!
	"That's all we can do today. I'm sorry. You guys aren't having fun, are you? We can now have lunch. After that, we will call it a day." Kevin said with pity. He had arranged spa, but now, because Amy couldn't walk, he had to wait until next time.
	"Alright, let's have lunch. I'm hungry." When Hannah heard that, she finally felt hungry.
	"Alright. It's time. Let's go." Amy and Richard were also hungry. Since it was Kevin's treat, they were going to have a big lunch.
	"Just order whatever you like, the more expensive the better." Kevin was with his girlfriend today, so he couldn't be stingy.
	"Kevin, this is the first time you take your girlfriend. Don't worry, we won't pretend to be polite. I want abalone, shark fin, and lobster." Richard said deliberately. He ordered these for Amy.
	"You? You are allergic to seafood. Have you forgotten last time when you had them with Amy?" Kevin told everyone about Richard's allergy.
	"You're allergic to seafood? Then why didn't you tell me?" Amy remembered that she had prepared a lot of seafood for Richard. It turned out that the so-called hickey on his body the next day was because of the allergy!
	"You helped me with the dishes. I can't refuse them, can I?" Richard flattered.
	"You!" Amy didn't know what to say. Why would he do that since he knew his condition? In order not to embarrass Amy, he even ate them all! That allergy could be fatal.
	After lunch, they said goodbye. They had a good time today anyway. Richard carried Amy out of the restaurant and ran into a person who had been following them for a long time.
	"What's the matter?" Richard looked at the person with an ugly expression.
	"Mr. Carter, I'm really sorry today. It's all my fault that I didn't recognize you. I want to treat you to dinner tonight and apologize." Andrew was full of smiles. He was like a pet fawning on its master.
Chapter 178 A Wonderful Thing in the Family
	Andrew was flattering towards Richard. He had offended Richard and Kevin today. If he did not apologize properly, then Wilson Group would probably find it difficult to survive.
	After thinking, Andrew then planned to come to Richard and apologize. Andrew saw them had entered the restaurant, but it would be award for him to follow them in. He then waited until they came out. But he didn't expect that to be the end of their day. Andrew then decided to come to Richard first.
	"No need for that. I'm really sorry that I didn't let you enjoy today, Andrew." Richard did not want to have dinner with Andrew. This person was sinister and cunning, much harder to deal with than Matt.
	"Please don't say that, Mr. Carter. It was I who made you unhappy today. It was all because that woman. I want to apologize. I hope Mr. Carter can give me a chance." Andrew was the same person as Matt. They were always blaming others and couldn't see their own problems.
	"If I'm correct, that woman seems to be Noah's wife. The HY Group is his, right?" Richard supported Amy and chatted with Andrew. Richard said it on purpose.
	Andrew was shocked. Richard actually knew that woman! That Noah of HY Group was a hard nut. He used to have some reputation in the underworld. If someone provoked him, Noah would usually break his arm or leg.
	However, that woman rarely went out. How did Richard know her?
	"Noah is something. He doesn't even blink when killing people. Alright. I don't have time to have dinner with you. My wife was injured. We have to go back." Richard had told him everything. He needed to leave.
	Andrew heard Noah's name, and he was stunned. If Noah knew that Andrew had an affair with his wife, he would definitely kill Andrew.
	Andrew didn't even notice that Richard had left. It had been a long time before he realized that. Andrew could only go home.
	"Richard, who is that Noah?" Amy didn't know much about the boss of HY Group.
	"A guy who doesn't care about his image or life, but don't be afraid. He's still afraid of a few people here, and I'm one of them." Richard comforted Amy.
	"So the woman with Andrew today is Noah's wife?" Amy seemed to have heard something, and her eyes lit up.
	"Yes. Now Andrew is in a big trouble. We found out his secret. He'll try to get us to keep this. I remembered! He had a project with Wilson Group. I can ask him to give us two percent of the profit!" Richard laughed.
	The project mentioned had been cancelled, but Sophia persuaded Halbert. Then Halbert gave that project to Wilson Group. Richard had no choice but to take that.
	But Richard was uncomfortable about this. Now that he had caught Andrew, he would take it as a good chance.
	"Two percent! That's a lot! Poor Andrew." Amy smiled. She was very happy to see this. Wilson Group absorbed Miller Group before. It was time to let Andrew pay it back.
	"It's not going to make him go bankrupt, but it's going to cost him a lot. Amy, I will help you." Richard said affectionately to Amy. His eyes were deep and full of love. Amy looked back at Richard with her bright eyes.
	Richard put Amy in the back of the car and kept her feet in a comfortable position. Then he drove the car.
	The villa was quiet. Perhaps everyone was taking a nap. Richard carried Amy upstairs, then he met Sophia.
	"What happened to Amy?" Sophia noticed that Amy's foot was bandaged up. Her tone was full of concern, but she couldn't stop smiling.
	"Nothing serious. She sprained her ankle." Richard walked past Sophia. His faint fragrance attracted Sophia.
	Until they left, Sophia was still there, feeling the smell of Richard.
	Amy and Richard rested for a while. When they left the room, they noticed that there seemed to be something going on today. Everyone was here, as well as Janice.
	"Richard, come! We have some honored guests today." Grandma Eva looked at Richard and hurriedly called him. Richard was the rock of the family, so of course she should treat him better.
	Richard then carried Amy downstairs. Although Grandma Eva didn't want Amy to be here, she ignored it because of the guests.
	"Grandma Eva, who's coming?" Richard placed Amy on the sofa and sat beside her. He then wiped her foot with medicine.
	"Do you remember Allison? She and her family are here. We are going to discuss Jacob and Allison's marriage." Grandma Eva said joyfully.
	"Allison and Jacob?" Richard was stunned. When did they get together? Richard would be embarrassed if they saw each other more often.
	Richard glanced at Amy. Amy was also looking at him. This was really breaking news.
	When Allison and Jacob were together, everyone felt that it was impossible. But today, Allison came here with her family. Their relationship was supposed to be true.
	Allison must not marry Jacob for love. She wanted to take this opportunity to be close to Richard.
	When Amy thought of this, she looked at Richard. Richard also looked back at her. Amy smiled, "That's great. Someone else will join our family. With so many people together, the house will be lively."
	"Amy is right. It is said that the more families we have, the better our fortunes will be. Look, I gave birth to two sons. But now we have so many families here. It proves that our family is getting more and more prosperous." Grandma Eva agreed with Amy. She wanted to have more people in her family, so her life wouldn't be boring. More importantly, Amy and Cathy would not take it and leave.
	"Grandma, they are here. Shall we all go out to welcome them?" Sophia ran in. She suggested everyone to welcome Allison and her family.
Chapter 179 Engagement or Marriage?
	Allison and her parents came to Carter's mansion. Grandma Eva was so enthusiastic to see them.
	The Fields went in. The table was full of dishes, which cost Eva a fortune.
	"Allison, how do you like the dishes today? If there's anything you don't like, let us know. We'll change it next time." Eva held Allison's hand and said with a smile.
	"They're good. I like them." Allison was genial, but she was looking at Richard when she answered.
	Jacob was overjoyed. He had always loved Allison in secret. He didn't expect to be with Allison one day.
	"Thank you, Grandma Eva. You're so nice to us. We love the food you prepared." Allison walked in with her parents, Tracy and Cesar. They greeted the Carters politely.
	Richard helped Amy sit at the table, and all of them began to eat.
	Janice and Garry didn't talk but just ate. Anyway, this had nothing to do with them.
	Richard and Amy didn't want to participate in the others' conversation either. However, some people didn't like their silence.
	"Richard, why don't you say anything?" Eva looked at Richard while casting a cold glance at Amy.
	'How can you sit on your hands and let Richard shell the prawns for you? You have no manners. You should take care of your husband.'
	"Suit yourself." Richard had nothing else to say. The others looked like a true family, but he and Amy were just like outsiders.
	"Richard, this is your favorite." Allison picked up a rib for Richard.
	"No, thanks. I don't like ribs anymore." Richard put his bowl aside.
	Allison paused, and she was somewhat awkward.
	"Come on. Don't refuse Allison. Just take it." Grandma Eva snatched Richard's bowl and placed it in front of Allison, letting Allison put the rib into the bowl.
	Richard didn't eat the rib. He knew Amy liked seafood, so he kept shelling prawns and crabs for her. Allison was jealous to see this.
	"Allison, here. It's tasty." Jacob shelled a prawn for her. Allison smiled and thanked him, and she ate it.
	"Allison, you are underweight. You should eat more food. Jacob, you must take good care of Allison. You will form a family, so you must protect her." Eva was talking to herself.
	Tracy and Cesar were both busy eating. Addy entertained them warmly as if she was entertaining the parents of her daughter-in-law.
	"Mr. and Mrs. Field, eat some more." Addy kept picking up food for them.
	"We came here today to discuss the marriage between Allison and Jacob. Do you have any ideas?" Tracy said to the Carters.
	"We don't know. We should have gone to your place to discuss this. Halbert, what do you think we should do?" At such a critical moment, Grandma Eva still had to ask Halbert.
	Halbert was dumbfounded. No one had ever said anything about this to him. Now that he suddenly needed to discuss Jacob's marriage, he had no idea what to do.
	"Cathy used to be in charge of this. I don't know either. Since it's Jacob's marriage, let his mother decide." Halbert really hadn't dealt with these things.
	"How about this? Addy, you can make the decision." Grandma Eva was happy to let Addy make the decision. Someone must take care of the family. She preferred Addy to be the one, not Cathy.
	"Well, well. Mr. and Mrs. Field, what do you think? After all, you are the parents of our future daughter-in-law. Your words matter." Addy really thought of herself as the hostess.
	"I have a suggestion. I'll get engaged to Jacob first. It'll be too hasty for us to get married now. We can get married in a year. In this year, we'll have time to get along with each other and see how well we understand each other." Allison put forward her own opinion.
	The Carters were shocked to hear this. Engagement? Didn't they agree to get married?
	Jacob and Addy looked at Allison. Only then did Allison slowly express her thoughts, "You don't know my temper and personality yet. That's also a reason I want to get engaged to Jacob first. I can stay here to look after Grandma Eva. If she thinks I am good enough, I am qualified to be a family member. Then, I will marry Jacob."
	As she spoke, Allison glanced at Amy. Amy didn't have a decent wedding when she got married. If Allison married Jacob, she must have a grand wedding. This was the difference between her and Amy.
	"I think your suggestion is good. What a well-bred girl! Your words are reasonable. Then let them get engaged first." Grandma Eva was satisfied with this suggestion. She also wanted to see how Allison was. She only knew that Allison's family was wealthy, but the children of wealthy families were always domineering.
	Grandma Eva got wiser now. She wanted the Fields to help her eldest grandson. If Allison had a bad temper, her grandson would suffer, so she agreed with Allison.
	Tracy and Cesar had nothing to say. Cesar was a man of no ideas. He always listened to his wife. Since their daughter had achieved her goal, Tracy had no objections. Her daughter would never marry Jacob. She was disdainful of Jacob.
	As long as Allison stayed at the Carter's, she would be closer to Richard and more likely to be with him.
	Jacob didn't dare to say anything. Engaging Allison was something he had always dreamed of, and he was thrilled to bits when he heard that Allison would stay at their place. He would be able to marry Allison shortly if they got along well.
	They were having the meal happily. Allison was ingratiating. She had started to call Eva as grandma and Jacob's parents as mom and dad.
	Halbert wore a long face. He felt that he no longer had any say in this family. Something was wrong, but he didn't understand what it was. He felt lonely.
	After his wife left, Richard and Amy always ignored him. The others wouldn't tell him anything, but they just wanted his money. He was confused. What exactly was he doing? What was wrong with his family?
Chapter 180 Tracy's Scheme
	"Allison, get engaged to Jacob. It’s fine. That Jacob is stupid. He will never know your intentions. As long as you cooperate with Sophia and drive Amy out of the Carter family, then you may cancel the engagement at any time." After Tracy said those words to Allison, Allison agreed to the engagement.
	"Besides, if Amy refuses to leave, then I can only use my last resort, which is to take her to the hell with me." Tracy said grimly.
	"Mom, you can't do this. I love you. Don’t leave me. Don't go." Allison embraced Tracy.
	When Tracy came back from abroad, she had been diagnosed with advanced liver cancer. She did not tell her husband and son. Only Allison knew about it.
	"Mom, don't give up treating. With today's advanced medical science, there's a great chance of curing you." Allison tried to persuade Tracy.
	"My girl, that's a lie. No one is able to cure the advanced liver cancer. I don't want to suffer from illness anymore. Even if I died, I would take Amy with me. Allison, I can do anything for you." Tracy hugged her daughter, who was the apple of her eye.
	Later, they discussed how to become one of the Carters. At this time, Tracy would help Allison with whatever Allison wanted to do. As long as Allison was happy, Tracy was fulfilled.
	The engagement between the Carter family and the Field family was a hot topic in R City, not for the couple, but the two famous families.
	"I heard that Richard of the Carter family liked Allison. But why is his brother Jacob engaged to her?" Many people were confused and asking questions.
	"You don't know? Richard has abandoned the gentle and generous Miss Field for a slut that has bewitched him." A woman was gossiping, stirring up trouble.
	"What are you talking about? What slut?" Hannah was so irritated that she jumped up as she heard that. She just went to the restroom but overheard such a gossip. She was pissed off.
	"Whoever seduces Mr. Carter is a slut." That woman was emulative. She stared at Hannah as if she wanted a fight.
	"How dare you." Hannah rolled up her sleeves and was about to start a fight. That woman looked strange, and Hannah did not know where she came from.
	"What the hell? This is the restroom of HD Group. Who are you? Why do you come to spread rumors here?" At this time, Hannah realized that she didn't recognize this woman at all, who was not an employee of HD Group.
	"Of course I'm not the employee here. I'm here to talk business." The woman rolled her eyes and looked down on Hannah.
	Hannah stared at this woman. Just as she was about to do something, she suddenly remembered she had seen this woman, who was the same unreasonable woman she had met on Thunder Mountain.
	"I know who you are. You are the woman who met Andrew on Thunder Mountain. Well, you cheat on your husband and take your own children together to date another man. Shame on you." Hannah pointed at her and dug up her secret loudly.
	"You, you slut, you are slandering me. Do you know who I am?" This stupid woman didn't know who she had offended.
	"Of course I know who you are. You're a bad woman. You're here to talk business? How could our Mr. Carter cooperate with you? Unless he is silly enough." As soon as Hannah got excited, she failed to control herself and exaggerated as much as she could.
	"Claudia, what was this lady saying just now? Why can't I understand?" A rough voice came from behind.
	"It's fine that you don't understand. I also heard someone say that I am silly. Is that true?" Richard's voice sounded.
	Hannah and the woman had walked out of the restroom. At this time, Richard and Noah had just finished their business talk and walked over.
	They saw that two women were going to fight and they went over trying to stop it. However, when they got closer, they heard Hannah say that Richard was silly.
	"Well, Mr. Carter, long time no see. There's some dust on your shoes. I'll clean them for you." Hannah lowered her head and helped Richard clean the nonexistent dust on his shoes.
	"Alright, there's no dust on my shoes. What's wrong with you guys? Tell us." Richard looked at the two women.
	Noah was pretty good-looking, but the back of his hand was covered in tattoos. He was young, but he had a beard and looked unfriendly.
	"Claudia, I didn't understand what this young lady said just now. Please explain it to me." Noah opened his leopard-like sharp eyes and looked at his wife.
	"Well, I don't know what she's talking about. We're just playing around." Claudia was afraid of Noah. If Noah found that she had cheated on him, she would have great trouble.
	"Miss, are you playing with my wife? But it seems you are not her friend." Although Noah said this to Hannah, everyone knew what he meant.
	"You have nothing to do today?" Richard glanced at Hannah. Hannah, who intended to see what would happen, was so frightened that she ran away quickly.
	"Oh, I'm sorry. I forgot that I have something important to do today. Excuse me. You guys take your time." Hannah immediately ran away.
	Seeing Noah's look, the rest timid standers-by went away quietly.
	Seeing the two men were looking at her, Claudia was so scared that she didn't know what to say.
	"Mr. Carter, I'm really sorry. I'll surrender a percentage point of the profits to you for today's cooperation as my apology. Claudia, let's go." Noah's words at this moment were very gentle.
	However, it was his gentleness that frightened Claudia even more. The gentler Noah was, the more miserable end she would have.
	Seeing Noah leave with his wife, Richard felt that this Noah was quite interesting, who immediately gave up his profits. It seemed that Claudia would have some trouble.
	Noah was only doing this to conceal his rage. At this moment, Noah definitely felt embarrassed.
	"Alright. Didn't you see enough? Do you want me to tell Kevin? Your single words might get that woman killed!" Richard said to Hannah, who was peeking behind the pillar.
Chapter 181 Frightened Hannah
	Richard said to Hannah, who was hiding behind the stone pillar. When Hannah heard that someone was going to die, she panicked.
	"Mr. Carter, I didn't know that her husband was here. I accidentally said it out in the quarrel with her. I didn't mean to make anyone dead. You have to help me. If that woman dies because of me, what should I do?" Hearing Richard's words, Hannah hurriedly ran out from behind the stone pillar and asked Richard for help.
	"I can't help you with this. Go find Kevin. He will have a way." Richard transferred this trouble to Kevin.
	It wasn't that he didn't want to help Hannah, but because Kevin was an expert in this field. He always had a way to prevent Noah from killing people.
	"Will he scold me? Did I make a big mistake?" Hannah was nervous. Although sometimes she was unwilling to compromise, she did not intend to have people killed. She just liked to fight against unfairness.
	"He dares to scold you? Never would he have that courage. Just go. He will definitely help you. I know that you did this for Amy, so I will also help you." Richard comforted Hannah and told her to go to work and stop gossiping around.
	This time, Hannah really went back to her office. She told Amy and Hilary what happened to her today.
	When Amy heard that someone might die, she felt that it was a bit too much. That woman did not commit a big crime. Why did Noah have such a big power to kill people? She did not like that woman, but at this time, she felt that Noah was going too far.
	Hilary was the same as Hannah. She always felt happy if there weren't any troubles, but once there were, there was nothing she could do but be anxious.
	"Mr. Carter told me to ask Kevin for help. I'll ask him out after work. Do you want to have dinner together?" Hannah really hoped that someone would be accompanying her at this time.
	"No."
	"No." Amy and Hilary both typed the same word.
	Forget it. Hannah knew that they didn't want to be the third wheel, so she didn't insist on their going.
	Hannah told Kevin what she had done today, her head lowered. She thought that Kevin was definitely going to scold her, and she was willing to bear it.
	"I see. Why don't you eat? Aren't these the food you like the most?" Kevin saw that Hannah hadn't eaten much, so he put some food to Hannah's plate.
	"Did I make a huge mistake today?" Hannah was not in a mood to eat, even though the dishes on this table were her favorite.
	"It's not serious. She was the one who had cheated. Besides, when you quarreled with her, you didn't know that her husband would know. Even if you did know, it was her fault. Since she had done that, it was bound to be talked about. Alright, stop thinking of her. Having a good meal matters more than anything." Kevin already knew about it. However, who he cared was Hannah, not that woman.
	"Then do you think Noah will kill his wife?" Hannah said worriedly.
	"No, it's a society of law now. He won't have so much power. Kill anyone as he wishes? Impossible. You don't have to worry. I'll go talk to Noah and persuade the couple." Kevin comforted Hannah.
	Kevin thought that his beloved Hannah was simply too naive. She must have been frightened by Richard, who was sometimes mischievous. What was more, Hannah did that for Amy. If there was a chance, he would play a trick on Amy, too.
	Kevin made up his mind. He kept helping Hannah with the food. The dishes tasted so good, so Hannah slowly forgot about those troubles. She began to enjoy them.
	Seeing that Hannah regained her mood and was eating in a typical 'Hannah Style', Kevin was relieved. Women were supposed to be cared about. Only when the woman was happy would a man feel the same.
	This was the truth that Kevin had summed up. See? Hannah's mouth bulged as she ate. What a lovely woman!
	Amy did not expect Allison to do that. Interestingly, she hadn't been engaged to Jacob, yet she accepted the invitation and went to live in the Carter's old mansion.
	The bedroom she chose was not near Jacob's, but near Richard's. Amy was very clear about what she was thinking.
	"Amy, we will be family from now. It would be great if you can remind me sometimes, as I just arrived and may offend people unintentionally." When Amy returned home from work, she was stopped by Allison, who constantly showed her weakness, in the living room. Allison gave an impression that she was afraid of offending Amy.
	"Just mind your own business." Amy said. Allison put on an extremely aggrieved face after hearing her words, pretending to be poor.
	"Who do you think you are talking to? She will be your sister-in-law. Stop being arrogant and impolite. Allison, come to me. With me in this house, no one is going to aggrieve you." Grandma Eva couldn't stand seeing that her beloved Allison was wronged.
	"Grandma, it's fine. I want to get along well with everyone in the family. Amy didn't mean to talk like that. Am I right, Amy?" Allison's ability to provoke discord was stronger and stronger.
	Amy snorted coldly. She really didn't know how to communicate with Allison, who had always coveted her husband. Allison's engagement to Jacob was just a cover, but Jacob couldn't see through.
	"Amy, why are you still standing? Your legs are weak. You need more rest." Richard had finished dealing with his client, so he went back earlier today. He went downstairs and saw that Amy was stopped by Allison.
	"Richard, are you blaming me for not taking good care of Amy? I'm trying my best to restore good relations with her." Allison looked at Richard with tears in her eyes.
	"Why did our family end up like this? Allison, don't be too aggrieved. If you encounter anything in the future, tell me, and I will not let others aggrieve you." Grandma Eva didn't like Amy so much.
	"Are you done? If you're done, then I'll go up and change my clothes." Amy tried her best to be tolerant in this family. Grandma Eva was old and unreasonable, so Amy tried not to get in touch with her.
	She wasn't afraid of anyone, but she didn't want to make things difficult for Richard. At that time, Grandpa John had wanted the family to be harmonious, but now, everything changed.
	"Alright. I'll get you a cup of water." Allison immediately said that and was about to do that.
	Without saying anything, Amy passed her and went upstairs to change her clothes.
Chapter 182 The Disturbance in the Carters
	Amy went downstairs after she had changed her clothes. At this time, Allison had poured a cup of tea. Seeing that Amy was coming down, Allison hurriedly picked it up and handed it to Amy.
	"Thank you, but just put it there. I don't want to drink it now," Amy said to Allison.
	However, Allison tilted to Amy. Amy tried to stop Allison with her hand. Meanwhile, Amy heard a scream. The hot tea poured on Allison's feet, which turned her feet red.
	"Oh no! If you don't want it, you can just leave it alone. But how can you splash it on others? Richard, send Allison to the hospital right away. It can't be put off," Grandma Eva instantly pulled Amy away and said. She looked at Allison's feet with worry. There were already big blisters on them.
	Richard saw that those blisters, which covered her entire feet, were bright and shiny. It looked quite serious. At this time, he was the only young man on the spot. It was inappropriate to let Halbert take her to the hospital. There was no other way. So he carried Allison out of the living room.
	"There you go. It's impossible for her to walk with the injury," Grandma Eva said from behind.
	Amy also got hurt, but Grandma Eva had never asked.
	Amy also saw that there were blisters on Allison's feet. Although she knew that Allison had done it on purpose, she could not explain it clearly at the moment.
	"Can I go as well?" Amy wanted to go to the hospital with Richard, but Addy stopped her.
	"Stop messing around. Allison is already injured. What else do you want to do to her?" Addy's words seemed to imply that Amy wanted to do something bad to Allison.
	"Stop it. Richard can handle it alone. You guys just stay at home," Halbert shouted with an outburst of anger. He was annoyed with the continuous troubles happened in the family.
	"I'll call Jacob and ask him to go directly to the hospital. He's still working at this time." Addy finally remembered to call her son. Richard had no other choice but holding Allison in his arms. However, Allison was Jacob's wife. She couldn't let others take advantage of Allison.
	Richard had sent Allison to the hospital. The rest of them in the room didn't say anything. Halbert's face was still gloomy. He was going crazy from the things happening around.
	He had made up his mind. Even if he needed to kneel down to beg Cathy, he would do it in order to get her back. Without someone to manage the house, it was really a mess.
	"It's completely a mess here without a person in charge. Halbert, have you thought about this problem?" Grandma Eva just happened to raise the question.
	"I know, Mom. We really need someone to manage the family," Halbert nodded. He had just thought of this as well.
	"That's right. You see, how disordered this family is now! It's not long from the death of your father. It can't be like this anymore!" Grandma Eva had a candidate in her heart.
	"I'll bring Cathy back tomorrow, even if I need to tie her up." Only now did Halbert realize the importance of Cathy. In the past, everything in the family had been well managed by Cathy. So Halbert was so at ease.
	When Grandma Eva heard Halbert's words, she immediately felt down. It was not easy for her to force Cathy away and bring Addy in. If Cathy came back, everything would change again.
	"Halbert, no hurry. Allison just got injured. She needs to rest for a few days. We need to take good care of her first. Otherwise, we will be sorry and ashamed for her family." When Grandma Eva heard that Halbert wanted to bring Cathy back, she managed to stop him.
	"Why? Our family is already in a mess. If Cathy doesn't come back, I won't come back either." Halbert angrily turned around and left. He was mad that he couldn't make his own decision about his wife.
	"Hey, Halbert. I don't mean that." Grandma Eva couldn't let Halbert move out. If Halbert left, Richard would definitely leave as well. Then how could there be enough money to support such a big family?
	But Halbert was really annoyed. He hadn't gone back to his bedroom. It was lonely to be there alone. So he went to Grandpa John's study and looked at his portrait.
	"Dad, have I really done it wrong? Why would things turn out like this? I want the family to get along well. Didn't you mean the same back then? But why does everything become more and more different from what I expect?" Halbert asked.
	His mother was already in her seventies. She must be lonely living alone. But wasn't it wrong for him to bring her back? She wanted to bring Addy over to take care of her because she had gotten used to Addy's care for so many years. It was reasonable.
	But why did all of the matter go off track? Cathy went back to her mother's house in a fit of anger. There was always something bad happening between the daughters-in-law. Some of them even got injured sometimes.
	'No! I have to bring Cathy back and let her take over the Carters,' Halbert thought.
	After Halbert made up his mind, he came out of John's study. He took a coat and told the people in the room that he was going out for a few days. Then he left.
	At this time, Amy was very relaxed because they were too busy to be hostile to her anymore.
	Seeing Halbert off, Grandma Eva brought Addy back to her room. Amy was in the living room alone. She witnessed the whole farce which was all made up and directed by these people. Same things happened almost every day. She felt pretty tired of them. Why couldn't they just be nice and simple?
	Richard hadn't come back all night, nor did he make a phone call. Amy tried to call him, but his phone was turned off.
	Amy lay on the bed, reading a book. She was still thinking about some recent things of the company. At this time, there was a call from a stranger.
	Amy hung it up, but the phone rang again.
	"Hello, who is it?" Amy answered the call.
	"This is Richard. I might not be able to come back tonight. My phone is out of power. I guess you would be worried about me, so I call you on the pay phone. Don't wait for me and go to bed early." This call was from Richard.
	Hearing Richard's voice, Amy felt relieved. Although she still felt a little uncomfortable, she still chose to believe Richard.
	Richard hung up the phone and tidied up the messy clothes.
	He sat on the bench outside the ward. He was surprised that Tracy became so unreasonable. She had been trying to find Amy to pay the price because she couldn't let it go until Amy scalded herself to get blisters.
	Richard was tired after arguing for the whole evening. In the end, he could only guarantee that he would stay here to accompany with Allison. Tracy finally gave up.
Chapter 183 A Night with Richard
	"Richard, I'm really sorry. I'm fine now. You can go back now. I'll explain to my mother when she comes." Allison looked at the tired Richard and knew that her mother had made a scene last night. However, she was actually grateful to her mother.
	"It's fine. I promised your mother that I will be here for you." Richard showed nothing emotional on his face. He didn't get any sleep last night. It was past six o'clock. Tracy would be here in a minute. Richard did not want Tracy to interfere with Amy's matters.
	"I'm really sorry. It was all my fault. I was too stupid to have not dodged Amy, but I don't think she did it on purpose." Allison looked like innocent.
	"Alright, have some water." Allison's foot was blistered by hot water, and it seemed to have made old injuries on her foot flare up a little bit.
	Richard got a glass of warm water for Allison.
	"Thank you, Richard. You're still so kind to me." Allison took the glass and said shyly.
	"Your infusion bottle is empty. I'll call a doctor." Richard then went outside to look for a doctor.
	Allison finished the water. She felt that the water was especially sweet. She thought that Richard still had feelings for her, otherwise, he would not have stayed here even if her mother forced him.
	Allison looked at the blisters on her foot. She felt not that bad for she could stay with Richard for a few more days. 'Amy Miller, with such a background, you can never defeat me. What can you give to Richard? You have nothing to offer. But I can give great help to him.'
	Allison felt that time was what she needed to deal with Richard. She would slowly make Richard forgive her. She believed that Amy was just a passer-by and she was the one that Richard wanted to spend his life with.
	The doctor came in and checked Allison's injuries. The doctor was instructed to say that Allison's injuries were getting worse and worse.
	"Your leg was injured severely. You should really take care of yourself. You must protect it from any dangers. When you have to have your leg amputated, it will be too late to think about my warning." The doctor shook his head as he checked the wounds.
	"Yes, I will. I surely will take care of myself." Allison was very satisfied with the doctor's words. Because they would worry Richard so much.
	"Are you her husband? You're rather careless to injure her with boiling water even when her leg was in such a bad situation." The doctor talked to Richard boldly. He knew this man, but now he could only pretend he did not.
	"I'm not her husband, and I didn't injure her." Richard did not bother to explain, but he did not care to be mistaken for Allison's husband more. He had a wife but her name was not Allison.
	"Alright. I'm not interested in your matters. Her leg must be taken good care of. If anything happens again, it'll be too late." The doctor quickly finished the conversation. He took Allison's infusion bottle away and hurriedly walked away.
	The doctor wiped the sweat right after running out of the ward. 'Oh My God, that was scary. But it seemed that Mr. Carter was rather kind to Miss Field. Otherwise, he would have kicked my ass.'
	The doctor calmed himself down and walked into his office exhaustedly.
	Not long after the doctor left, Tracy got here. She made a lot of delicious food for Allison and also for Richard.
	"How's it going today? Allison's leg has really suffered a lot. Richard, you must be tired after taking care of her all night. Come and have some breakfast before going to work. I'll stay here and take care of her during the day. What about you stay here with her during night? Her father is sick and it's not suitable for him to stay at night." Tracy took out all the foods she had brought.
	"OK." Richard promised Tracy to stay with Allison for three days so that Tracy would not go to Amy and make her life harder.
	After having breakfast, Richard left the hospital for work.
	Tracy was asking her daughter how she felt about last night.
	"Well, what else could I do? He stayed far away from me. He didn't talk to me and it was not easy to talk to him." Allison really hoped that Richard would have done something inappropriate to her, but he didn't even look at her.
	"Don't worry. There are still two nights left. You can manage this. In that case, you can make him guilty." Tracy instructed her daughter.
	"Alright, I will try my best. Mom, thank you so much." Allison said.
	"There's no need to thank me, silly girl. As long as you're happy, I will be happy. However, you have to grasp the opportunity of these two days. Otherwise, you won't have another chance. I cannot wait any longer." Tracy said to Allison.
	After Allison finished her breakfast, she went to sleep. She had to save enough energy during the day so that she could deal with Richard at night.
	"Allison, my darling, are you feeling better?" Jacob showed himself from the door with a big bouquet in his hand.
	Allison glanced at Jacob and ignored him.
	"Allison, you can't blame me for this. I was hit by a stupid Polo on my way here last night. That person was completely unreasonable. He quarreled with me all night before I had the chance to leave. He told me to end this mess tonight so I don't have time to be here with you tonight." Jacob felt that he was quite unlucky to be hit by a car when he rushed to the hospital.
	"I'm not angry. Jacob, you have to go to work during the day. Go back and have some rest at night. You don't need to stay. My mother is here. Besides, my injuries aren't severe." Allison did not want Jacob to be with her from the beginning. If Jacob was here, Richard would definitely walk away without any hesitation.
	"OK, then just let me take a look at you. I'll go to work later." Seeing that Allison did not blame him, Jacob felt that she was such a beautiful, gentle, and kind girl.
	There were lots of people coming to the hospital to visit Allison. After Jacob left for a while, Sophia also came to see her on behalf of Grandma Eva and Addy.
	"Allison, are you making the advantage of your injuries?" Sophia asked her.
	"That's right. I want to use these stupid methods to drive Amy away from Richard. It's best to let them get divorced." Allison did not hide anything from Sophia because now they were on a same boat.
Chapter 184 Staying with Her at Hospital
	When Richard arrived at the company, he went to tell Amy that Allison's foot was severely burned and that she might have to stay in the hospital for a few days. He might need to go take a look.
	In order not to worry Amy, Richard did not tell Amy that Tracy wanted to get even with him.
	"Her foot was burned, but not because of me. She did it herself. Why will you be with her?" Amy felt that it was none of her business. Allison splashed the hot water on her feet.
	"I believe your words. But others won't. Don't get mad, Amy. I'll deal with this." Seeing that Amy was angry, Richard felt helpless.
	He would try his best to protect Amy, but there may be times when he didn't notice the dangers. If something bad happened to the Field family one day, he would regret it. Now, if he went to see Allison, the Field family might give up revenging on Amy.
	"There are surveillance cameras at home. It's not like you can't see what happened." Amy pouted. That was not her fault. Why would she admit it?
	"I've checked out the surveillance cameras at home. Allison's back was facing the camera and we couldn't see the things in the front. It really looked like you pushed her. Alright, Amy, you should rest properly. Don't think too much. I know what to do." Richard knew that his wife was innocent, but there was a lot of evidence against Amy.
	After work, Richard went to the hospital. He bought some fruits and flowers for Allison and thought that he could go home today.
	"Richard? Glad that you come. There is no need to buy me flowers. Oh, it's my favorite flower, lily." Allison knew that Richard still cared about her when she saw the fruits and flowers Richard bought for her.
	"Oh, Amy bought them She likes lily very much." Richard really didn't realize that the lily was also Allison's favorite.
	"Oh, then express my thanks to Amy. Richard, don't blame Amy. I was responsible for that too. I shouldn't have poured the water when it was so hot." Allison lowered her head, looking extremely aggrieved.
	"Allison, you are too nice. You offered to get that woman a cup of tea, and yet she used the boiled water to scald you. If Richard hadn't stopped me, I would have gone to the Carter's to get even with her." Tracy heard her daughter's words from the side, and she started to talk loudly again.
	"Mom, I'm fine. I really am fine." Allison seemed to be trying to persuade Tracy, but what she said made people feel that she had suffered great grievances.
	"Mrs. Field, what else do you want to eat? Let me buy it for you." Richard didn't want to listen to their conversation, but he couldn't leave. He could only waste his time here.
	"I'm not eating anything. Richard, since you're off work, I must go back. The family is waiting for me. Thank you for being here tonight. The doctor said that the blisters can break at any time. If we don't pay attention, Allison will get tetanus." Tracy had planned to leave at this time. Her daughter wanted to be with Richard, and she definitely would not ruin the chance.
	"Let me walk you out." Richard followed Tracy to the door.
	"No, no, Richard. Just stay with Allison. She is always injured, and she needs warmth. As a mother, I can only comfort her on the surface. It depends on you to heal the pain in her heart." Tracy tried her best to create chances for Richard and her daughter.
	After saying that, Tracy left. Only Allison and Richard were in the ward.
	"What would you like to have?" Richard asked Allison.
	"I don't want to eat anything. I have taken the rib soup my mother made me. Richard, you can go to dinner. I think you haven't had dinner yet. If I could leave, I wouldn't let you stay here with me." As Allison said, she massaged her leg.
	"Alright, stop massaging your legs. I won't leave. I'll go out to eat something and will be right back." Richard glanced at Allison. Why was this woman completely different from what he had imagined?
	She used to be a proud and arrogant woman, a pure one, but now, Allison scared Richard a little.
	After eating some food outside, Richard bought some more food and brought it back in case that Allison wanted to eat later.
	Seeing Richard appear in front of her again, Allison was very happy. She had really been afraid that Richard would secretly leave.
	"I bought you Steamed Rice in Clay Pot. You can eat it when you're hungry." Richard pointed at the food on the bedside table.
	"Alright, I'll eat if I'm hungry. But now I want to go to the bathroom. Richard, would you help me?" Allison said shyly to Richard.
	This was truly a dilemma. Richard looked down at Allison and then looked at the distance between the bed and the bathroom. He could only carry Allison in his arms.
	"Just call me when you're done." Richard placed Allison by the toilet, walked out of the bathroom and closed the door for her.
	"I'm done." Allison said in the bathroom. It didn't take a long time. When Richard opened the door and entered, he discovered that Allison's clothes had been loosened and he could see her breast.
	Richard carried Allison back to the bed and helped her tidy her clothes.
	"Richard, you like my neck the most, don't you? Do you still like it now?" Richard had always said that Allison's neck was like the neck of a swan, beautiful and slender.
	"Your neck is very beautiful, and I guess many men will find it beautiful, too." Richard replied seriously.
	There was no warmth at all. Did his love in the past really disappear?
	Allison's eyes widened as she looked at the door of the ward.
	Richard also sensed Allison's anomaly. He turned around and saw an exquisite little face. Amy was at the door. There was a bright smile on her face.
	"Richard, let me help you." Amy ran to Richard and hugged him. Richard quickly carried her up.
	"Amy, why are you here?" When Richard saw Amy, he felt very happy.
	"For you. It's so boring for you to be alone here. Besides, it's better for woman to take care of another. You'll find it troublesome when Allison has to use the bathroom." After Amy finished speaking, Richard hugged her and kissed her on the face.
Chapter 185 Cathy Returned Home
	Seeing Amy and Richard's intimacy, Allison clenched her fist, but was still smiling.
	"Amy, hi! I'm so happy to see you." Allison said to Amy with a smile.
	"Are you really happy to see me? Allison, how is your feet?" After Amy finished making out with Richard, she went to "care" about Allison.
	"Oh, Amy, never mind. It's fine, I don't blame you." Allison put her feet back.
	"Are you really alright? If there's nothing else, we'll leave then." Amy deliberately said. What Allison said seemed to be indicating that Amy felt guilty, but actually, she did not feel guilty at all. It was Allison's own fault. It had nothing to do with her. She had only come to keep Richard company.
	Hearing Amy's words, Allison became anxious. She was just pretending to be polite. She just wanted to show she was a kind person in front of Richard. That didn't mean that she wanted them to leave.
	"Richard." Allison's voice made people pity.
	"Amy was joking. We're not leaving. Allison, take a rest. I'll take Amy out for a walk." When Richard saw Amy, he didn't have the mood to stay in the ward.
	"Alright, then come back soon. I'm afraid I'll have to go to the bathroom later." Allison could only let them go out for a walk. She could not reveal her true nature in front of Richard.
	Richard pulled Amy out of the hospital, "What do you want to eat, baby?" Richard said to Amy.
	"A lot of things, but now I want to eat ice cream. It was too hot in the ward just now." Amy smiled as she held Richard's hand and lightly kissed him on the face.
	"Alright then, let's go to buy some ice cream." Richard said to Amy affectionately.
	They held hands and walked slowly down the street. Seeing an ice cream seller, Richard ran over and bought two ice creams and handed one to Amy.
	"Richard, do you believe everything I say?" Amy took a bite of the ice cream and her lips turned red for the coldness.
	"Of course." Richard answered without hesitation.
	"That's very kind of you." Seeing that Richard believed in her, Amy was very happy.
	"Then Amy, do you believe me?" Richard also asked Amy.
	"I don't believe you." After saying that, she ran away. Richard chased after her. They were running under the streetlight. Richard quickly caught up to Amy since he strode at a large pace. He grabbed her and wrapped her in his arms.
	"What did you just say?" Richard pretended to kiss Amy.
	"I said I believe you, Amy believes in Richard." Amy leaned closer to Richard's ear and said loudly.
	Richard hugged Amy and circled around on the ground. They were very happy. It had been a long time since they were so happy.
	They ate ice cream and went for a walk by the river. It was already very late, so Richard wanted Amy to go back.
	"Amy, you can go back first. I'll take you to the car." Richard was afraid that if Tracy came early tomorrow morning, she would do something bad to Amy when she saw her.
	"Can't I just stay here with you?" Amy tilted her head. She saw that there was only a sofa in Allison's room. For someone as tall as Richard, it would definitely be very uncomfortable to sleep in the sofa.
	"There's no need. I'll be fine by myself. As long as you believe me." Richard kissed Amy's earlobe.
	"Alright then, I'll go back. You have to be careful. Don't catch a cold. That sofa is so small." Amy could only go back. She just didn't want to go home and see those people.
	Amy got on the car and went back to the Carter's mansion. Before entering, she heard someone quarreling inside.
	She also heard Cathy's voice. Mom's back? Amy hurriedly walked in. As soon as she entered, she saw Grandma Eva yelling at Addy. Cathy and Halbert were sitting on another sofa.
	"Why are you so stupid? You can't even hold a thing steadily, and you can't even stop your husband from cheating." At Addy's feet was a pile of broken ceramics, which were fractions of a teacup.
	Cathy wanted to say something, but was stopped by Halbert. Halbert walked over and said to Addy, "Didn't you say that you were smart? How could you make such a mistake? Mom, if she really can't do it, you can just find someone else to look after you."
	Halbert knew what his mother meant. She just didn't like the Cathy. However, Cathy was chosen by him. No matter what, she couldn't let others judge her.
	"No, no, no. I'm not leaving! I'm not leaving." Addy hurriedly pulled Grandma Eva's hand. It was not easy for her to return to the Carter's. Even if she died, she would still die in the Carter's.
	"Get out! Why are you standing here?" Of course, Grandma Eva would not let Addy leave. She trained Addy well, so Addy was definitely better than Cathy.
	Hearing Grandma Eva's words, Addy hurriedly left.
	"This family really needs an experienced person to run it. You are too young. No wonder you are always making trouble." Grandma Eva sat down and took the tea passed by the servant.
	The servant cleaned up the rubble on the floor.
	"Cathy is very experienced. During the thirty years of our marriage, our family has always been peaceful." Halbert finally managed to get Cathy back. He definitely wanted to regain her authority.
	"Then Halbert, are you saying that I ruined your family? Alright, my son has grown up, and he dares to say whatever he wants to his mother. Then I will leave in case I bother you guys." Hearing this, Grandma Eva was extremely angry. She put the cup on the coffee table and stood up.
	"Mom, that's not what I meant. I have no problem with you staying with us. You just need to enjoy all the time. Cathy knows how to handle the family's affairs. She will take good care of you." Halbert had already showed his determination that in the future, Cathy was in charge of this family, and Grandma Eva should only care about enjoying herself.
	"Alright, I want to see how she handles the family's affairs!" Grandma Eva had already stood up. Of course, she didn't really want to leave. She just wanted to scare Halbert. Since this did not work, she gave it up for the moment. She was waiting for an opportunity to bring it up again.
	"Halbert, you brought me to bring the family back together, but do you think I can do this like I did before? Don't you think these people and these things are very troublesome?" Although Cathy didn't say anything then, she felt a headache when she heard the conversation between Halbert and Eva.
	"Cathy, you can't escape from your duty. You will always be the head wife of this family. Mom doesn't like you, but it's just temporary. She will know that how good you are." Halbert comforted Cathy.
	Amy watched them at the door for a long time before she stepped in.
Chapter 186 A Cool Maserati
	"Mom, Dad, I'm back." Only when she returned home and saw Cathy did Amy felt that she was home.
	"Amy, your father and I were worried about you just now!" Cathy was a little worried about Amy since Amy hadn't come back in such a late time. She wanted to call Amy to see where she went, but before she could call, Grandma Eva and Addy came out. This ruckus lasted for an entire night.
	"It's fine. I went to the hospital to see Richard." Amy walked over and hugged Cathy.
	"Mom, I haven't seen you for a long time. I miss you so much." Amy hugged Cathy and sighed emotionally.
	"I miss you too. Ever since we parted at the teahouse last time, I really want to call you and hang out with you." Cathy liked her daughter-in-law a lot. She thought Amy was beautiful, generous, and smart.
	"I'm so happy. Mom, it's so good that you're back. I can see you every day." Amy felt like crying.
	During the days when Cathy wasn't at home, Amy went back to Stephen's place several times. She didn't want to come back, but Stephen later advised her that she was now the daughter-in-law of the Carter family, so she definitely had to endure everything.
	"Yes, I can see you every day. That's good." Although Cathy had come back home, the family treated Cathy very well like a princess, she still missed the Carter family. She thought about her husband, her son, and her daughter-in-law.
	Hilary went abroad with her friends a while ago. Although she missed Hilary, she thought that no one dared bully her outside, so Cathy suppressed the thought for the moment.
	"It's late. You two can have a good chat tomorrow." It had also been a long time since Halbert had been with Cathy. In addition, this time, he had encountered such a thorny thing. He felt that he needed to communicate with his wife.
	"Alright then. You still have to work tomorrow. Let's talk tomorrow. You can go rest." Cathy also saw that it was getting late. She felt sorry for Amy and let her go to rest.
	Seeing Cathy, Amy felt that she was a lot happier. She happily went upstairs to sleep.
	"Amy, Come out now. Someone is looking for you." As Amy was reading the documents, Hannah suddenly ran in from outside.
	"Who's looking for me?" It had been a whole morning, and Richard hadn't even come to work yet, so Amy was quite worried.
	"I don't know. Let's go. Anyway, that person said he was looking for you." Hannah couldn't help but pull Amy out.
	"If you don't know him, you won't convey his message for him." Amy did not believe Hannah. Hannah knew how to make fun of her all the time.
	"I really don't know him. I'm not lying. I think this person is nice, so I came to help him call you." As Hannah spoke, she brought Amy to the underground parking lot.
	Amy knew that Hannah wouldn't harm her, so she followed Hannah. In any case, she had been working all morning, so she should rest at this time.
	After arriving at the underground parking lot, Hannah accurately brought Amy to a place where a red Maserati was parked.
	"Here, this key is for you." Hannah pointed at Maserati and gave the key to Amy.
	"For me? Whose car is this? Why are you giving me the keys?" Amy didn't pick up the key.
	"This car is yours. Who else shall I give the car keys to? How are you going to drive it without the keys?" Hannah forcefully stuffed the key into Amy's hand.
	The red Maserati was in the parking lot like a proud swan in the middle of a flock of wild ducks. It was too attractive and the color was too eye-catching.
	Amy walked around the car and saw that the license plate had already been loaded. However, she still did not dare to get on the car. She could not have the car with an unknown origin.
	"Hannah, tell me honestly, what's going on?" Amy said to Hannah.
	"What else could it be? It's your husband. He has been busy all morning preparing for this, and he asked me to give you a surprise. But you don't look surprised. Did I fail my mission?" Hannah sighed. Amy was too calm. If it were her, she would have jumped up happily long ago.
	Amy and her loved Maserati. In the past, they only looked at them from afar. Now that they had the keys in their hands. It felt so unreal.
	"I also feel that Hannah failed. I wanted to hear Amy scream or laugh, but she was so quiet." said Kevin, who went out from behind the pillar with Richard.
	"I feel that I am also a failure. I gave a car to my wife and she was not surprised." Richard also had an aggrieved expression on his face.
	"Wow, honey, it's really you? I'm so happy. I just feel the whole thing is so unreal. I'm afraid that the car is actually not for me." Only then did Amy laughed from her heart.
	"Amy, you really don't believe me, don't you. You're only happy to see your husband. How could I know a friend like you who valued men over friends? Kevin, I'm hurt." Hannah saw through Amy now. She talked and talked, but Amy had no reaction. Yet Richard's brief words made Amy extremely happy.
	"You make jokes all the time. I'm afraid this is another joke of you. I don't want to get disappointed." At this time, Amy gently touched the car and couldn't let go of it.
	"Let's go for a ride." Richard suggested.
	"Alright. After that, let Mr. Carter treat us to dinner. I've made great efforts today." Hannah felt that she should eat it back and cost Amy a great deal for once.
	"Sure. You can order whatever you want. Miss Miller will be the host today." Richard pushed Amy out.
	The four of them got into Amy's new car and went for a ride.
	"Amy, I came back today and saw a red Maserati in the parking lot. It's so cool. I've always wanted to buy one." As soon as Hilary returned, she was rushed to work by Cathy.
	As soon as she got to the office, she found that in the parking lot parked her dream car.
	"Yes, I also find it cool. I like this brand." Amy said with a serious face.
	"Who do you think would buy such a cool car? I waited for a long time but I didn't see its owner. I really want to see what kind of beauty would drive such a cool car." Hilary had a longing look on her face.
	"You know her. She is a famous beauty." Amy didn't tell her the answer. She just teased Hilary.
	Hearing Amy's words, Hilary found it strange. If there was such a beauty in the HD Group, she believed she would have heard of it.
	After learning this from Amy, Hilary left. She wanted to ask around and see who this new beauty in the HD Group was?
Chapter 187 A Disgusting Deal
	"Amy, I find that you are not as pure as before since you followed Hannah. You lied to me and said that a beauty would come to HD Group. Are you that beauty? You liar!" Hilary was very well-informed. She quickly found out who owned the Maserati from Hannah.
	"When did I lie to you? Am I not a beauty? Don't you think I'm a beauty?" Amy also smiled. She did not expect that Hilary would not realize that. Hilary was really simple-minded.
	"For me, you're always a beauty. Even though you are a beauty, you have to invite me to dinner because you lied to me. And there is a present for you." Hilary hugged Amy's arm and refused to let go.
	"Alright. I'll treat you to whatever you want. Bring Hannah along. It's been a while since we have been together." Amy smiled and agreed.
	After work, they drove Amy's new car and went out to eat.
	"How spicy it is!" Hilary kept complaining about spicy food, but she ate faster than everyone else. She was not so good at eating spicy food like Amy and Hannah in the past. However, influenced by them, she was gradually used to it.
	"When I was abroad, I wanted to eat hotpot, but there was nothing like that. Those steak couldn't satisfy me at all." Hilary nagged as she ate. If she hadn't been bothered by her family, she wouldn't have gone abroad for fun for so long.
	"It was so boring without you. We haven't seen you for so long. We miss you." Hannah pouted.
	"Alright. Didn't I miss you too? If I didn't miss you, I would receive my friends' invitation to Switzerland." Hilary was telling the truth and she also missed her family.
	"Hey, Allison seems to be engaged to Jacob. It was said that you burned her foot. She deserved it. Neither my mother nor I like her. She's a hypocritical woman." Although Hilary hadn't been here for a long time, she heard about the family as soon as she came back.
	"Yes, she was engaged to Jacob. But I think her purpose was not so simple. And her feet were not burnt by me but by herself. I think it's just a bitter scheme." Amy had heard the rumor, which said that she had burned Allison out of her narrow mind.
	"Let's forget it. Fortunately, it was Amy who Jacob met. Otherwise, my mother and I would have been awfully anxious. Wasn't he blind at that time?" Hilary was not soft-hearted when she mentioned her brother.
	The girls laughed and chatted and they felt extremely happy. Being together again, they felt that everything they ate was especially delicious.
	"Hey, look, is that Gina?" Hannah was sitting opposite the door in which she saw Gina walking in with a foreign man.
	"Yes. Why is she with a foreign man? Oh, I get it. That man is Mr. Werner, right? He is a French capitalist, who is quite rich. Has Gina ended the relationship with Matt?" Hilary knew some of those people.
	"He turns out to be Mr. Werner. I get it. I heard that Gina used her extraordinary ability to persuade Mr. Werner at that party, which helped Matt win a big project. It seems that Andrew's status in Wilson Group has been influenced by her actions." Hannah also heard it from many people.
	"She is really cheap. Everyone can be her boss." Hilary curled her lips and looked down on Gina.
	However, Matt also walked in after Gina and Tom entered the hotpot restaurant. Gina greeted him and Matt followed her.
	Matt and Gina's actions aroused their interests.
	Gina brought Tom and Matt to the reserved table, which happened to be right behind Amy and the other two girls. However, Gina did not notice them.
	"Mr. Werner, please take a seat." After Matt arrived, he greeted Tom. Last time, their cooperation boosted his reputation in the company. And he discovered that Gina could help him a lot.
	After they sat down, Gina ordered while Matt was preparing a cup of tea for Tom.
	"Mr. Werner, this is Chinese hotpot. Didn't you always want to try it? Gina took it into full consideration and recommended this restaurant. This hotpot is the most authentic." Matt said to Tom.
	"Nice. I like Chinese food very much. Chinese hotpot is also my favorite. But looking at its redness, I don't dare to eat it anymore." As Tom talked, he touched Gina's leg.
	Matt didn't care. He wouldn't marry this woman, who was just a tool for him. As long as he became the president of Wilson Group, he would obtain everything. However, what he wanted the most now was Amy.
	"Mr. Werner, I'll get you some seasoning." Gina was still afraid that Matt would get angry, so she slapped Tom's hand off. She hurriedly went to prepare the seasoning for them.
	"Mr. Werner, we enjoyed our cooperation last time. I hope we can cooperate with your group for a long time. May I know your idea?" When Matt saw that Gina had left, he directly asked Tom.
	"Sure. I think Wilson Group is quite powerful. However, Richard, who is from HD Group, has also given me a lot of preferential policies." Tom was a crafty man. His cooperation with Matt was all due to Matt's girlfriend.
	"However, no matter how good their preferential policies are, they are not as good as Gina. I have given my Gina to you although I love her so much." Matt knew what Tom wanted. Coincidentally, he was tired of Gina and he made a favor.
	"But Gina still loves you. I want her to go with me to France, but she is not willing." Tom really wanted to get that sexy woman back to his country, so it would be much more convenient for him to have sex with her. Otherwise, he had to fly to China.
	Amy and the other two girls were sickened by Tom and Matt's words. How could a man think his lover as a bargaining chip?
	"Amy, I think it's good for you to be abandoned by him." Hannah was relieved. She had found out that Matt was not a good person.
Chapter 188 A Good Show at the Hotpot Restaurant
	"There's going to be a good show." Hilary smiled mischievously. She took out her phone and called someone.
	Hilary said a bunch of things behind their back. Then, she hung up the phone with satisfaction.
	"What show?" Amy and Hannah were both bewildered. Although they enjoyed spilling the tea, they couldn't find anything special right now.
	"Not so fast. It's about to begin. But before that I need to go to the loo, in case that I won't be able to hold it later." After this she went to the bathroom stealthily.
	"Alright, later we should take one as well, in case we can't hold it like she said." Hannah also talked to Amy about going to the bathroom.
	A French lady, noble and glamorous, appeared in front of the hotpot restaurant. She looked around elegantly and found her target, towards which she walked directly.
	While Matt was in the bathroom, Tom became handsier. Since he had already reached an agreement with Matt, he now became even more unscrupulous.
	Without Matt, Gina would have let go a little. Her chest, which was about to burst out from her front, was rubbing against Tom's arm back and forth. He was turned on so much so that he could do it with her right there.
	All of a sudden, a pair of fair hands appeared in Gina's sight. Then the hand picked up Matt's teacup and directly splashed it onto Gina's face.
	Gina's face, which was in thick makeup, became wet immediately, right off she threw herself into Tom's arms for comfort.
	"You shameless woman, how dare you seduce my husband. You will regret this!" That graceful lady had lost all her manners at this moment, and she grabbed Gina out of Tom's arms.
	"Darling, darling, listen to me, listen to me." Seeing the woman he liked was hit, Tom was trying to do something. Although he didn't have the guts to make a move, a few words wouldn't hurt.
	"Tom! Get out of my way! It will be your turn back home!" Tom shut his mouth at once, and turned to make it more convenient for the lady to hit Gina.
	Gina couldn't believe the man who kept saying that he loved her and that he would take her to France couldn't put up a word for her right now. He was there watching as she was hit by the lady.
	"Tom, Tom, help me, help me." Gina kept crying, but Tom could do nothing but stand aside and watch. He even held a cup of tea in his hand and handed it to the lady from time to time.
	When Matt came out of the bathroom, he could hear the chaos from the hotpot restaurant.
	He had deliberately given Tom a chance to get along with Gina just now, so that he could achieve his goal of having a long-term cooperation with Tom.
	That was why he had been staying in the bathroom for such a long time. But hearing the cry from the hall, which sounded a bit like Gina, he came out to take a look.
	There was a lady hitting a woman at his seat. That woman's hair was already a mess, and her face looked terrifying, in a mess of black, white and red. She looked like a ghost.
	Tom was apologizing to the lady and rubbing her shoulders from time to time. It was like he was massaging her as she was tired from the hitting.
	Amy, Hannah, and Hilary stood in distance and watched, afraid that the blood would splatter on them.
	Matt looked around, but did not find Gina. However, he saw Amy who was watching aside with Hannah and Hilary.
	"A......" Before Matt could even shout out the word "Amy," his legs were hugged by the ghost who had just been beaten.
	"Matt, help me, help me."
	"Who are you?" Matt flung off the ghost's arms hastily.
	"I'm Gina, I'm Gina White." Gina cried so hard that her voice was hoarse. This foreign woman was something with her strong hands. Gina was about to be beaten to death.
	Of course this woman was strong. Tom didn't dare to provoke her. She was Tom's wife, a famous taekwondo champion.
	When Matt heard that the ghost was Gina, he was shocked. Who was this lady and why she was beating Gina? The strangest thing was that Tom, Gina's biggest fan, seemed to have forgotten about Gina.
	"Who are you? Why did you hit Gina?" Matt reached out, trying to stop that lady.
	However, the lady was already simmering with rage. She slapped Matt fiercely right in the face.
	It didn't occur to Matt that this woman would go crazy and even beat him up. His Amy was watching, which made him awkwardly hesitated to help Gina or not.
	"You don't need to know who I am. Be smart and get out of my way." Tom's wife said fiercely.
	"Well, isn't it interesting? But I have to go over and sort it out. It'll be no longer interesting if she dies. Take a look. What's the use of a man like that? He will only protect himself when things happen." Seeing that the fight was almost over, Hilary restrained her smile and swaggered over.
	"Hello, Grace, we haven't seen each other for a long time. Come and I'll treat you for a hotpot. Calm down, okay?" Hilary walked to Grace's side and held her hand.
	"Hilary, you're here too. I'm really pissed off. This stinking woman is really shameless." Grace looked at Hilary and grabbed her arm in a good mood.
	It was Grace who Hilary just called. They were friends.
	"And you, you are shameless too. I'll deal with you later. I'm going to have hotpot with Hilary. The rest is up to you." Grace glared at her husband and went away with Hilary.
	Tom looked at Gina with his bloody nose and swollen face. He could only watch but not dare to go up to help, so he gave Matt a look to take Gina away.
	After that Tom walked over and tried to sit down to eat hotpot with Grace.
	"Tom, you immutable bastard. What should I say? You'd better go away. I don't want to see you when I'm eating." Grace was really pissed off this time.
	She knew that her man had always been a bit of a player. But that was at home. Now they were in a foreign country. She felt sorry for him and couldn't understand why anyone would be willing to be with him.
	Tom listened to his wife's scolding, not saying anything. Such things happened all the time anyway, and he was used to it.
Chapter 189 Being Framed
	After the incident at the hotpot restaurant, Hilary's trick succeeded. The partnership between Wilson Group and Tom Group was over. However, the previous order was big enough for Wilson Group to survive for a while.
	Amy heard about it. It seemed that Tom's wife held Tom by the ear onto the plane. His wife was beautiful, smart, and had a good family. She was so domineering that Tom kept fooling around with other women.
	It seemed like woman who was domineering would have difficulty in keeping a man.
	After Cathy came back home, it seemed to be very peaceful.
	Just like Halbert said, Eva didn't make a fuss anymore. She often took a walk in the garden and planted flowers with Addy.
	Sophia was very busy recently. It was very late when she got home.
	Amy often chatted with Cathy in the living room. The family seemed to regain its peace. However, Amy and Cathy felt that there was an even more terrifying storm behind this peace.
	Allison's legs were healed. Richard sent her home. The Field family asked Richard to have a meal to thank him for taking care of Allison these days.
	Hadrian was at home. They were both classmates and great business partners.
	"Richard, my mother has prepared a meal to thank you for taking care of my sister. Please do me a favor and stay." Hadrian sincerely invited.
	"Alright then, we haven't been drinking together for a long time. Let's have a good drink today." If it weren't for Allison, their relationship would have been better.
	Hadrian was as realistic as his father.
	Allison was similar to her mother. She was more flexible. Since they had grown up together, Richard trusted Hadrian very much.
	Richard stayed to drink, which made Allison and Tracy very happy. Their plan could be implemented.
	The Field family ate with Richard. Richard's favorite dishes were all around the table. Everyone was toasting Richard.
	Richard was good at drinking. Although he had drunk a lot, he was sober.
	Richard didn't want to drink anymore. But Tracy prepared to toast Richard one last time.
	"Come on, let us toast. You're so kind to Allison. If it weren't for you to send her to the hospital in time, there would have been scars on her legs. This one is for you." Tracy said deliberately.
	She finished the wine. Seeing that she drank up her wine, Richard had no choice but to drink his.
	Hadrian's phone rang. It seemed to have something wrong with the company. He said goodbye to Richard and left in a hurry.
	Cesar also felt a little dizzy. He bid farewell to Richard and went back to his room to sleep.
	"Richard, let's call it a day. You can go back now. We will see you around." Tracy got closer to Richard and looked at him.
	Richard felt dizzy as well. He looked at Tracy and saw that she was swaying around constantly.
	"Mrs. Field, don't move. I am so dizzy." Richard wanted Tracy to be still. Not only was his head dizzy, his entire body was also getting hot. His face was getting redder, and his breathing was very rapid.
	"What's wrong with you? Richard? It's time for you to go back. Hey, you can't do this." Richard was groggy, and he could not hear what Tracy was saying.
	There was a soft body in front of him. Richard's legs were very soft. He subconsciously grabbed onto that body and no longer knew what the people around him were saying.
	After a long time, Richard felt like a century had passed, and he gradually became less dizzy.
	He opened his eyes and found that he was not at home. This place was very strange to him.
	"Amy." Richard reached out and found a naked body.
	"Richard." Allison's voice came. He turned around and saw Allison. She was looking at him with embarrassment.
	Richard found himself naked and Allison was the same.
	And why is Allison's body bruised? Richard was stunned.
	"Allison, why are you in my bed?" Richard grabbed the blanket and covered his body.
	Allison was obsessed with his strong body. She had enjoyed it enough last night.
	"Richard, I'm not in your bed. You are in my bed. You drank too much yesterday, and ..." Allison lowered her head and stopped talking.
	Richard was completely dumbfounded. What did he do last night? Could it be that he betrayed Amy? He was so annoyed that he wanted to slap himself. He shouldn't have stayed yesterday.
	Richard put on his clothes quickly. There was no expression on his face, but his heart was about to explode.
	"Richard, you don't have to take on responsibility. I love you. I'll accept anything you do to me." Allison also covered her body with a quilt.
	The door was kicked open, and Hadrian stood at the door with a cold face.
	"Richard, you're already married. Why are you sleeping with my sister?"
	"Hadrian, I was volunteered. I'm willing to do whatever Richard wants me to do. Just leave us alone." Allison wanted to protect Richard, but she was not dressed yet.
	Hadrian and Richard started fighting. Hadrian truly loved his sister. He felt that Richard was irresponsible.
	"Stop it, Hadrian. Richard is a reasonable person. I believe he will give us an explanation." At this moment, Tracy appeared.
	Richard understood what was going on. However, he couldn't believe that Hadrian would do such a thing with his mother.
	"Hadrian, we are done." Richard said coldly. His mouth was punched by Hadrian.
	"Yes, we are. Richard, I am disappointed in you." Hadrian squinted at Richard. His eyes were punched by Richard and they swelled so badly that nobody could tell if his eyes were opened or not.
Chapter 190 Distressed Richard
	Richard had a fight with Hadrian. He was truly too disappointed with the Fields. He used to think that Hadrian was very sensible, but it seemed that he had misjudged Hadrian.
	Richard turned around to leave, but the Fields stopped him.
	"Richard, you can't leave easily after insulting Allison." Hadrian pulled Richard back.
	"Richard, we can talk about it." Tracy said.
	"Richard, are you leaving just like that?" Allison asked.
	"I'll go back first. You can discuss by yourselves. Just call me if you have the result." Richard felt that he was wise all his life, but he shouldn't have trusted Hadrian. He didn't know how to explain to Amy.
	"You can't get away from it. Richard, this is your fault. You should solve it. Allison is not an easy girl. Money is of no use." Tracy was very pushy at this time. She managed to trap Richard with great difficulty. How could she let go?
	Allison said bashfully, "Mom, I was willing to do so. Richard was just drunk..."
	Tracy and Allison echoed each other. They looked at each other happily. As Richard did such a thing, the Carters would not let it go. After all, the Fields had fame and prestige in the R City.
	They were confident because they had sent a video of Richard sleeping with Allison to Amy last night. But they couldn't figure out what Amy was thinking about. She didn't have any reaction.
	"Then what do you want?" Richard stood in front of Tracy and asked her.
	"Marry Allison, or I'll expose everything that happened last night." Tracy threw caution in the wind.
	"No way. I have wife. I can give you as much as you want, even the entire Carter Group. But I will not divorce Amy." Richard told them his bottom line.
	"What do I need the Carter Group for? I have my dignity. I only want you, Richard. If you don't marry me, I can only die." Allison also spoke at this time. She was no longer shy, but desperate.
	"Allison, you can't die. I only have you and Hadrian. If you die, I won't live anymore." Tracy also began to playact.
	But it was a real play. Richard and Hadrian didn't know what to do.
	Hadrian felt that it was impossible to force Richard to divorce and marry Allison. But before he could think of a solution, Tracy and Allison were so extreme. He never expected them to do so.
	"Well, it has nothing to do with Amy. If you ask Richard to divorce Amy and marry Allison..." Hadrian didn't think that was a good idea.
	"Then it's Allison's fault?" Tracy glared at Hadrian. Hadrian was good, but he was as pedantic as his father.
	Hearing Tracy's words, Hadrian thought it was not the case. It was really troublesome. He didn't know what to do. How should he deal with this matter?
	"It's not your fault. It's my fault. Whatever, I won't get divorced." Richard ignored them and walked out of the Field's although Allison was crying and Tracy was cursing.
	Amy watched the video in her phone. Richard held Allison in his hand. Allison brought him back to the bedroom and then they fell onto the bed. Later, Richard lay on the bed and slept soundly. Allison lay on Richard. The video was so annoying.
	Amy watched these videos and photos for many times. She also called Richard but his phone was turned off.
	"Amy, what are you watching? You have sat on the sofa for a long time." Cathy walked over with Hilary. Cathy held a plate of fruit while Hilary ate it secretly.
	"Amy, what's wrong with you? Why are you unhappy? Oh right, where's Richard?" Hilary looked upstairs and did not see Richard. He rarely got up late.
	"He probably had social activity last night." Amy did not tell Cathy and Hilary where Richard went last night. She wanted Richard to explain to her.
	But a day passed and Richard did not come back. He even didn't call her.
	In the evening, Amy called Richard again. "Hello, Amy? Are you looking for Richard? He's taking a bath. How about I ask him to call you back later?" Allison answered the phone.
	"No need." Amy hung up the phone. She felt strange, but she didn't know what was strange.
	After Allison hung up the phone, she put on a smirk. She thought herself smart to turn off Richard's phone last night. When Richard left with anger, he forgot his phone.
	"Amy, I don't believe you will trust Richard. It's already like this. Will you forgive him?" Allison looked at the phone with a smile. She thought her mother was so smart.
	It was really over Kevin's head. As Richard was drunk, Kevin could only help him to his home.
	Richard went for Kevin and asked Kevin to drink with him. He didn't say why, but just kept drinking. Then he got drunk.
	Kevin knew Richard for more than twenty years, but he never saw Richard get drunk before. Kevin was truly shocked by what he saw.
	"Richard, I'll call Amy. You're already drunk. I'll ask her to pick you up at my house." Kevin felt that Amy should know about this.
	Just as he was about to pull out his phone, Richard grabbed his hand and said, "Don't call Amy." Richard shook his head, and tears flowed out of his eyes.
	Before Kevin could ask why, Richard staggered back to his feet.
	"I'm leaving. I'm going to drink." After saying that, Richard was about to walk out again.
	Kevin grabbed him and said, "I won't tell her. You can't drink anymore. Just sleep here." Kevin had no choice but to lock Richard up in his room.
	Kevin felt pain in his arm when he woke up the next morning.
	Richard wanted to leave, but Kevin managed to subdue him and lock him in the guest room.
	"What happened between Richard and Amy?" Kevin got out of bed and was about to let go of Richard. But when he opened the door of guest room, Richard was not there.
Chapter 191 How Awkward
	When he woke up at midnight, Richard realized that he was sleeping in Kevin's house and locked in a room.
	He hadn't got his phone. Afraid that Amy would be anxious, he hurriedly jumped down from the window and sneaked back to the Carter's.
	Amy could feel someone gently stroking her face. She knew who it was without opening her eyes.
	She rolled over and dodged his hand.
	Richard wanted to explain to Amy, but it was really bad for him. He didn't know if anything had happened between him and Allison.
	"Amy, you already know, right?" Richard sat beside Amy and said softly.
	Still angry, Amy kept silent. No matter what, she needed an explanation. Since it had happened, they had to work through it. Escape was not the answer.
	"That day, I sent Allison home. Hadrian and her family wanted me to stay for dinner. I trusted Hadrian before, so I stayed. They must have drugged my wine. Do you believe me? I know you don't. You must think I had drunken coitus with her."
	Richard was so regretful. He really didn't want to leave Amy, but if Amy insisted on divorcing him, he didn't know what to do.
	"When I left the Field's in a hurry, I forgot to bring my phone. If Allison used my phone to say anything to you, don't believe it. I only have you in my heart. Last night, I was very irritated, so I drank with Kevin. I was drunk, so I slept at his house. He can prove it. Amy, this is the case. It's all my fault. No matter how you punish me, I don't want you to leave me." Richard was like a child as he felt like crying.
	A pair of gentle hands grabbed his big hand. Richard was delighted. Amy had been listening to him.
	"Amy, have you been listening to me? Amy, I don't know what to do now," said Richard, holding Amy's little hands.
	"Amy, are you very angry? I am also angry, but things have happened." Richard placed Amy's hand on his face and lay down on her, immersed in her scent.
	Amy was angry with Allison, not Richard. How could she play dirty to get what she wanted?
	"No matter what happens in the future, you have to tell me. We are husband and wife. We must not hide anything from each other. Otherwise, others may take advantage," Amy said softly, her other hand stroking Richard's hair.
	"OK, I'll be honest. Amy, what should we do now?" Richard did not expect him to be so helpless and ask his beloved for help.
	"Allison wants to marry you. All she did was forcing you to divorce me," reasoned Amy, but she didn't know what to do either.
	The Field family was famous and powerful in R City, so money wouldn't work. However, if they let it go, Allison would go even further.
	"Amy, let me hug you. I haven't hugged you for so long." Richard needed a warm hug.
	They hugged each other quietly in the dawn. Times had never been so good.
	"Richard, what's wrong with you? You look so dispirited." Hilary was having breakfast when Richard and Amy went downstairs. Richard had sprouted a beard, which had never happened before.
	"Just eat your food. Can't so much food shut you up?" Richard glared at Hilary.
	Hilary stuck out her tongue. Neither Richard nor Amy looked well. Could it be that Amy kicked Richard's butt because he did not come back last night? Hilary looked down at Richard's butt.
	Richard did not know what Hilary was thinking. He walked down with Amy, sat opposite Hilary, and began to eat breakfast.
	The vibe at the dining table was subdued. Amy and Richard did not speak, and Hilary did not know what to say. Did they have a fight?
	"Mom, come and eat. Bring me a bowl of soybean milk." Hilary didn't know what to do, but she believed her mother would find a way.
	Cathy was busy making the soybean milk that Amy liked. It was about to be ready when she heard Hilary calling for her. Then she knew that Richard and Amy must have come down.
	She came out with soybean milk, and as expected, she saw all of them.
	She handed a bowl of soybean milk to everyone and then sat down.
	Recently, Eva and Addy didn't mess around. They stopped offending Cathy as Halbert said. And Jacob and William rarely came for dinner.
	It was so quiet that Cathy felt that something was wrong. It seemed that something important was about to happen.
	"Mom, look at my brother. Isn't he very handsome?" Hilary hinted at Richard's beard.
	Cathy looked up at Richard and noticed that he was unshaven. Richard always took care of his appearance.
	"Richard, Amy, what happened? What's the matter?" Cathy got to the point.
	"Mom, we're fine. I'm just a little tired from work." Richard perfunctorily replied. He didn't want Cathy to know about those annoying things. Cathy had got so much on her plate, so he didn't want to make it hard for her.
	"Tired from work? Well, eat more and take a rest." Cathy knew Richard well. There must be something wrong with him. However, now that they were at home, Cathy did not ask anymore. Home should be a safe place, but now, it had become the most dangerous place.
	Cathy gave Richard some more soybean milk and placed the buns in front of him.
	Noticing Cathy stop asking, Hilary also stopped. She quickly finished her breakfast and drove her Audi to work.
	"Take my car. I'll be worried if you drive," said Amy after they walked out of the door.
Chapter 192 Allison Is Pregnant
	"Hello, Richard." Cathy opened the door of her son's office and walked in.
	"Mom? Why are you here?" Cathy never went back to HD Group for no reason.
	"Of course I am here for something." Cathy closed the door and walked in.
	"Come here. Tell me, are you in trouble? Did you quarrel with Amy?" Cathy asked Richard to sit beside her.
	She did not allow her son to bully Amy. If it was her son's fault, Cathy would not be on his side.
	"I didn't. Mom, didn't you watch me and Amy go out together? How could we have so many quarrels?" Richard prevaricated.
	"You are my son. I know you well. You little bastard, did you make Amy angry again?" Cathy did not believe Richard's words at all.
	Richard thought for a moment. Perhaps Cathy could help him. She had been through a lot, so she might have more ideas than them.
	Thus, Richard told Cathy what had happened recently. After hearing this, Cathy clenched her fists angrily and slapped Richard.
	"You bastard. I have told you many times that Allison is not a good woman, but you just don't believe me. Now you've been set up. How can you make it up for Amy?" Allison's explanation was just as what Cathy had guessed.
	"Mom, you're right. I did something very bad to Amy. But I don't want to break up with Amy. I can only punish the Field Group in terms of business." Richard could only think of using this method to threaten the Field Group.
	"We don't have a partnership with the Field Group. They won't lose anything if they don't cooperate with us. The Field Group is a powerful enterprise. How can you make him compromise so easily?" Cathy also felt worried. Richard was a child that had always rested her assured. But he was tricked by someone else.
	Allison tried her best to be a Carter. What did she mean? Didn't she always hold their relationship in suspense? Why did she come to pester Richard when he was married now?
	"Mom, please persuade Amy. Although she didn't say anything about me, I felt that I made her sad. But I don't know how to console her." Richard felt very sorry for Amy. The more he saw Amy being tolerant, the more uncomfortable he felt.
	"Of course I will. I will only recognize Amy as my daughter-in-law. Even if you bring someone else back, I won't allow her to be my family!" Cathy could get angry easily. But she felt it got tricky. It was difficult to deal with the Field family. They were determined to have Allison marry Richard.
	"Let's think about it and see what we can do." Now Cathy knew what happened. But she was also puzzled by such a difficult problem. It was difficult for anyone to handle such a thing.
	"Richard, will you compromise?" Cathy asked Richard once again for his confirmation because Richard really loved Allison in the past.
	"No. I've been with Amy. I'm not interested in other women." Richard said firmly.
	But it was just what he hoped. Sometimes people couldn't help but have to do something they hated.
	When Richard didn't come up with a solution, the Fields was very calm, it was as if nothing had happened.
	Although Richard and Amy still worked together every day, Richard always felt that Amy had something on her mind. He was the person who was to blame, so he did not dare to ask Amy. He could only do his own things and be good to her every day.
	"Richard, are you sure you love me from the bottom of your heart?" Amy asked Richard.
	"Of course. If I don't love you, then what else do I have to worry about?" Richard helped Amy tie her shoes.
	"Well, as long as you love me, I don't care about anything else." What Amy suddenly said puzzled Richard a little. What did Amy mean?
	More than a month passed in a blink of an eye, but the Carter family still didn't think of a way, and the Field family didn't have any movements. The peace made people feel very terrified. They were always worried that something serious would happen at some point.
	It was weekend. Amy rested at home. Richard took Hilary to the construction site to assess the situation. At this moment, an unexpected guest arrived.
	Allison and Tracy came to the Carter's. They wanted to see Grandma Eva and Cathy.
	The large living room was filled with people. Jacob wanted to sit next to Allison, but he was stopped by Tracy. She asked Jacob to sit opposite, which made Jacob very confused.
	Seeing that everyone from the Carter family was basically here, Tracy took out a report from the hospital.
	She put the report on the coffee table and began to speak, "A month ago, Richard molested Allison after getting drunk. There has been no movement this month. But now Allison is pregnant. Tell me what you should do."
	Tracy's words shocked the Carters.
	"What? Allison is pregnant?" Almost everyone from the Carter family spoke together.
	"Yes. We are helpless. Allison is a pure young girl. But she was defiled by Richard. You didn't give me an explanation up until now. So, we can only come here and ask for one." Tracy looked aggrieved, which made everyone think that it was definitely Richard's fault.
	"What's going on? Allison is my fiancée. We haven’t held our engagement ceremony. Why is she pregnant with Richard's child?" Jacob suddenly stood up. His face changed in anger. He felt bad to be cuckolded.
	"Calm down, Jacob. We will give you an explanation." Grandma Eva asked Jacob to sit down. She was also very interested in what happened today. She did not expect that Richard would make such a mistake. Wouldn't she expel Amy from the Carter family very soon?
	"Tracy, what's going on? Why don’t we know what happened?" Grandma Eva wanted to know how Richard gave her such a good opportunity.
	"That day, Allison's foot was healed. I ask Richard to take Allison back to the Field's. We appreciated Richard, so we invited him to stay for dinner. He was also very happy, so he had some drinks. But we never expected that after drinking, he would..." Tracy began to cry. Allison hurriedly consoled her.
	"Mom, don't cry. They will give us a satisfactory answer."
Chapter 193 A Contract That Should be Destroyed
	"Oh my goodness. What's going on here?" Sophia tried to fan the flames. Sophia knew what was on Allison's mind, but she was very happy now. Nothing was more important than to kick Amy out.
	"Yes. Richard is quite rational. How could he make such a mistake? I know that Richard always likes Allison. Was he on purpose?" Eva looked at Allison and Tracy. She was a little pleased that she didn't have to mind Jacob's business. Moreover, Allison liked Richard. If Allison drove Amy out one day, Cathy would lose a good helper.
	"I think so. Richard married Amy out of rage. Furthermore, their marriage is just a two-year contract. When it comes, they have to split up. Allison was supposed to stay abroad for two years. In other words, Richard and Amy's marriage was to delay the time and force Allison to come back." Sophia took something out.
	Sophia had seen Amy standing on the stairs, so she took out the contract found the other day.
	Tracy drew nearer Sophia and took the contract to look at it carefully.
	"So all of this was Richard's plan. He didn't mean to marry Amy. Look at the contract. The date is when Allison would come home from abroad." Tracy could not be more pleased by the contract.
	Hearing that, Cathy also took the contract and didn't look well. Because what they said was true. The date on the contract was the time when Allison would come back.
	But where did they get the contract? Cathy also saw Amy who was pale. Was the contract true?
	"Sophia, where did you get it?" Cathy looked at Sophia.
	"Richard and Amy made this contract. If Richard hadn't told us, we would not have known it." Sophia looked at Cathy. She found it at Richard's place.
	Amy slowly walked down and looked at the contract that was signed by her and Richard back then. Richard took away hers and told her it was invalid. He said he was going to destroy it. But why did it appear now?
	"Amy, is it true? It's not true, right?" Cathy had seen their signatures on it, but she just didn't buy it.
	"It's true. However, we are about to annul this contract." Amy said to everyone.
	"Impossible! If it's invalid, it should be destroyed. How can I have it? Amy, stop fooling yourself. Since the contract is here now, it's valid. Your contract is due, and Allison happens to be pregnant. I think Richard just did it on purpose." Sophia continued to stir up troubles.
	"Nonsense! Richard won't do that." Cathy glared at Sophia. Why was Sophia helping others not her?
	"Cathy, if Richard wasn't on purpose, why this contract still exists? My daughter Allison carries Richard's child. If you don't want the baby, my daughter would be a single mother. But it is her first child. How precious it is." Tracy sat beside Allison and took good care of her daughter.
	"Do you even care how I feel? Allison is my fiancée. Why do you want her to marry Richard?" Jacob was pissed off.
	"Jacob, do you mean you are willing to marry Allison? It would be a good idea." Cathy thought that it was great to let Jacob marry Allison. After all, they were all family.
	"No! It is Richard's child. Why should I marry Jacob? What kind of woman do you think I am?" Allison let out a cry of surprise. She planned to marry Richard not Jacob.
	"Cathy, the Field family is well-established. Allison is pregnant with Richard's child, so we should ask Richard, right?" Halbert said. He didn't want to offend the Field family.
	"I think it would be best to wait for Richard to return." Amy also agreed. Everyone just said what they wanted. It was imperative to ask Richard.
	"Richard is now in the construction site and will come back later. How about Tracy and Allison stay for dinner?" The problem remained unsolved, so Cathy couldn't refuse her anymore. Richard had to give her an explanation.
	Amy became a laughing stock in this family. They were very nice to Allison, as if Amy would leave soon and Richard's wife would be Allison.
	"Amy, you are pretty strong. If William knocks someone up, I definitely will divorce him. There would be no reason for me to stay." Sophia tried to persuade Amy as she walked by her.
	Amy forced a smile to her, "How do you know if William has mistress?" Amy didn't want to talk to Allison anymore, so she walked away.
	Eva was pretty nice to Allison. If Amy was kicked out, Cathy wouldn't stay for long in this family. Then Eva would be the head of this family sooner or later.
	Also, if Allison gave birth to a child for Richard, it would be her first great-grandchild, to which Grandma Eva attached importance.
	"Allison, you're having a baby and have to mind your health. Don't be angry. No more quarrel with others. You are carrying my first great-grandchild. Just be careful." Eva said to Allison to show her care.
	"That's right. You are carrying our first great-grandchild. Grandma values it so much." Sophia did not win Amy just now and was also pleased about this baby. Although Amy was so proud of herself, the one who was pregnant wasn't her.
Chapter 194 Disputes at the Table
	When Richard and Hilary entered, Allison saw them at once. She greeted Richard shyly.
	"Richard."
	However, Richard ignored her. Instead, he directly walked to Amy's side and sat down.
	Seeing Richard being so indifferent to her daughter, Tracy felt uncomfortable. However, in order not to get Richard fed up with her daughter, she had to endure it.
	"Richard, you must be tired, but I have some good news for you today." Tracy stood up. She walked behind Richard and helped him fill a bowl of rice.
	"What is it?" Richard took the bowl and then placed some food into Amy's bowl.
	"Allison is pregnant. It's your baby." Tracy smiled and said to Richard.
	Richard was just about to put some food into Amy's bowl. When he heard Tracy's words, his hand trembled, and the food fell on the dining table.
	No wonder it had been so peaceful recently. It turned out that they wanted to use this method.
	"Congratulations, Richard. Among the three brothers, you are the first to be a father." Sophia added.
	"I never expected that I would have a great-grandchild. I'm really happy." Eva also said. Amy just watched them.
	Richard was shocked by the news. He never expected that Allison would be pregnant.
	"I won't raise this child," Richard immediately replied.
	"Why not? That's the first grandchild of the Carter family. We must have him!" Eva immediately placed her chopsticks heavily on the dining table.
	"Anyway, I don't want it. I will only have children with Amy. Allison, go and have an abortion. I will give you a lot of compensation, as was said that day." Richard looked nervously at Amy, but Amy did not have much expression.
	"Amy, do you believe in me?" Richard held Amy's hand and asked.
	"I do." Amy answered without hesitation.
	"What? It's impossible for my daughter to get an abortion. You don't consider the Field family a lightweight, do you? My daughter's pregnancy is the result of your mistake. Why should my daughter suffer?" Tracy immediately jumped up.
	"What do you mean by saying your daughter has to suffer? We are not sure who the father of the baby is yet." Cathy was no a weak person. Although she knew that this child was most likely Richard's, as Richard had told her what had happened at that time, she still had to question it.
	"What? What are you talking about? Is my daughter that kind of person? The Field family is respected and welcomed. We are not a petty family. That's your baby, the Carter's bloodline. If you don't admit it, I will have a way to make you admit it." Tracy threatened.
	Looking at them quarreling, Amy felt a headache. She did not know what to do. She trusted Richard, but the current situation was not good for them.
	"Some people took the position, yet they don't make their due contributions. If they don't have the ability, they should step aside." Eva rolled her eyes and said about Amy.
	"No matter what you say, I won't admit this child. Whoever likes it, take it. Let's go, Amy." Richard didn't want to argue with these people at all. He went out with Amy.
	"Halbert, we've been friends for generations, but look at your son. He didn't want to take the responsibility. Allison is innocent. What does he mean by that?" Tracy turned to Halbert.
	Talking to Eva and the others was useless. Although talking to Cathy would help, Cathy was not on her side. So she could only turn to Halbert.
	Halbert felt annoyed and dizzy. He had been tired of the quarrels over dinner. Now that Tracy was targeting at him, he felt even more irritated.
	"Stop shaking." Halbert tried to take Tracy's hand off, but just as he was pulling, Tracy fell down.
	With a loud sound, Tracy fell to the ground. Her head touched the ground, and she fainted instantly.
	"Mom, Mom, what's wrong with you? Stay with me. Are you trying to keep a secret by killing people?" Allison was truly frightened when she watched Tracy fall to the ground, as this was not part of their plan. She squatted beside Tracy and kept calling her.
	"Quick! Send her to the hospital." Someone shouted, and the scared people finally came to their senses.
	Although Jacob was the one being cheated on, he still carried up Tracy and drove her and Allison to the hospital.
	"Halbert, you should go take a look. Anyway, she fainted in our house. Then you should tell Hadrian." Although Cathy did not like Tracy and Allison, she had to care about them because that did not seem to be a fake faint. She might have fainted from the strong anxiety.
	"OK. I'll take a look and give Hadrian a call. Addy, come with me. If they need someone to take care of Tracy, it would be more suitable that you take care of her." Halbert asked Addy to go to the hospital with him, because Cathy had to take charge of the overall situation at home.
	When Addy heard that Halbert asked her to go with him, she was happy. She hurriedly followed Halbert.
	"The patient was anxious. Can't you just talk in a considerate way? You have made her so anxious that she fell down and got a lump on the head." The doctor looked at Tracy's head. What a big lump.
	Seeing that Tracy's life was not in danger, Halbert was relieved. He asked Addy to help Tracy wipe her face, which was still stained with blood.
	Allison was crying from the side. She knew about Tracy's illness. This was definitely not because of anxiety. It was because her mother's illness had worsened.
	However, this was a normal examination, which would not find that Tracy had other diseases.
	"What did you do to us? I thought that we had good relationship, but now we are like enemies." Cesar and Hadrian looked at Tracy lying on the hospital bed and questioned Halbert.
	"This is our fault. It's our fault. We are willing to compensate." At this time, Halbert could only say good words.
	Tracy had fainted in his house. No matter what, this was the Carters' fault.
	"Compensate. How? First, Richard impregnated my sister, and now you made my mother lie in bed. What else do you want to do?" After Hadrian broke off his friendship with Richard, he had been furious.
	"Then what do you want?" Halbert had no choice. It seemed that what Hadrian said was indeed the fault of the Carters.
	"What do we want? Let's talk after my mother wakes up. You stay here and take care of her!" Hadrian roared angrily.
Chapter 195 Full of Doubts
	Richard held Amy's hand tightly. He was really afraid that Amy would leave him.
	"Why are you holding me so tightly? I won't escape." Amy's hand hurt.
	"I'm afraid that I will lose you, Amy. After this, you still trust me so much. Thank you very much." Richard said to Amy.
	He was about to go crazy. He didn't expect Allison to threaten him by saying that she was pregnant.
	"You don't have to thank me. I know you. And I also know what kind of person Allison is. Who do you think I will believe? It's just that you were too careless and let her take advantage of this." Amy was actually quite tired, but when seeing Richard being like this, she still needed to comfort him.
	"It's my fault for trusting Hadrian too much and underestimating Allison. If they threaten me with death, what should I do? Amy, let's leave here." Richard felt that he had experienced a lot, but finally he got his hand caught in the cookie jar.
	Amy smiled. Men were like this. They didn't know what women were thinking, nor did they know that women could be much more scheming than them.
	"Richard, escape cannot help you. I don't think Allison's child is yours. We can wait for her child to grow up and have a paternity test." Amy said.
	"Not mine? Really? Is that possible?" When Richard heard this, he immediately felt she had given him hope.
	"Yes, the doctor says that I have a physique that allows me to conceive easily. However, we have been married for so long and I am not pregnant yet. But she can conceive at once. So I doubt that. Forget about it. This is just my assumption. Even if we are going to have a paternity test, we have to do it secretly. Allison won't be convinced unless the child is indeed not yours." Women were always smarter than men in this regard.
	"So Amy, you mean that we should let Allison give birth first, and then make other plans?" Richard was a little puzzled. He originally wanted Allison to have the abortion, which was simple and fast.
	"Whether the child is yours or not, the child is innocent. If it is yours, you should accept it. If not, you will be able to get rid of Allison." Amy didn't know if Richard would understand if she expressed it in this way.
	Children were innocent and couldn't be used as weapons by adults.
	"Yes, I see. Amy, thank you. Thank you for understanding me." Richard wasn't very upset now. It would be good since he knew what to do.
	They ate something outside. Seeing that it was getting late, they thought Allison and her daughter should have gone.
	"Let's go back. They are definitely waiting for us. We have to face them. Let's go back earlier." Amy held Richard.
	"Alright, let's go back and face them together." Richard no longer escaped.
	When they returned home, it was actually very quiet in the living room. There weren't as many people waiting for them as they thought.
	Only Hilary stayed in the living room with Cathy, crying.
	"Mom, Hilary, why haven't you rested yet?" Seeing at his mother and sister who were crying there, Richard walked over to ask with concern.
	"Richard, Amy, you are back. Are you hungry? I'll go make you some food, okay?" Cathy did not ask anything. She only cared if they were hungry.
	"Mom, we've eaten outside. What happened after we left? Where's Dad?" Richard looked around the house and didn't see Halbert. Normally, he could see Halbert wherever Cathy was.
	"Your father went to the hospital. Allison's mother fainted, so she was sent to the hospital. Addy also went to take care of Tracy. I don't think things will be easy this time." Cathy sighed.
	"Yes, I don't think it's easy to handle. Mom, don't worry. We can just wait and see. If they force us again, I can only accept the child and ask Allison to give birth." Richard said to Cathy.
	"Why do you want Allison to give birth to that child? Can Amy accept that?" Cathy looked at Amy in horror.
	"Mom, the child is innocent. We just let Allison give birth to the child first. Then we can discuss it with them." Amy comforted Cathy. In the past few days after she came back, life was not peaceful at all.
	"I don't think they would like to negotiate with us. They either faint or want to kill us. We've been friends for so many years and I don't know they are such kind of people." Cathy had always disliked Allison and her mother. She didn't expect that she really went into the trap set by them.
	"We can only give it a try." Amy asked Hilary and Cathy to go to rest. She also went back to the bedroom with Richard.
	Their conversation was heard by a man. Seeing that they all left, he hurriedly walked to the side and made a call.
	When Halbert returned, his face was so dark He had begged the Fields, but he was still humiliated by them. They said that since he raised the child, his child should admit it if he made a mistake. Halbert had been suppressing his anger all afternoon.
	"Darling, you're back!" Seeing that Halbert returned, Cathy went to help him take out his slippers.
	"Where's Richard?" At this time, Halbert only wanted to see Richard and listen to his thoughts.
	"He's upstairs. You wanna see him? I'll go tell him." Cathy stood up and prepared to call Richard.
	"I'll go upstairs. There's something I want to talk with them." Halbert changed into slippers and went upstairs. He knocked on Richard's bedroom door.
	"Dad, you're back!" As soon as Amy opened the door, she felt a burst of anger rushing straight into the bedroom.
	Richard also saw that his father was very angry, so he sat up immediately.
	"Dad, you wanna talk with me?" Richard asked Halbert.
	"Well, you've seen what happened today. It's not something you can solve just by escape. You're adults now. You have to face it when you make a mistake. Tell me what you want to do." Halbert sat on the sofa and looked at them.
	Cathy also came in and sat beside Halbert.
	"Amy and I have decided. Let Allison give birth to the child. If she wants to marry me, she has to let me see the child first." Richard told Halbert the results he had discussed with Amy.
	"One thing I don't understand the most is how you two got married under a contract? The date of your breaking up is exactly the date of Allison's return from abroad. Why is the contract in Sophia's hands? What exactly do you mean? I want you to explain it to me." Cathy raised her question in her heart.
Chapter 196 Tyrannical Eva
	Cathy asked Richard to explain the contract marriage and the whereabouts of the contract. Richard only said what he was feeling when he got married. He did it only to manage John at that time. However, as for why the contract was in Sophia's hands, Richard did not know either. The contract was in his villa and was originally going to be destroyed. However, he was delayed by something and put the "destroy" down.
	When Richard returned yesterday, he did not know that his contract was in Sophia's hands.
	"Let me ask Robin what's going on." Richard immediately called Robin and asked him why the things in his villa could be lost.
	"But your decision won't work. Not only will the Fields not allow Sophia to have the abortion, they also want Amy to step aside and you to marry Sophia." Halbert didn't care who his daughter-in-law was. The Field family was much more powerful, and he wanted Allison more.
	"How is that possible? How can she let Amy step aside just by saying that she's pregnant? Then can she be so sure that the child is mine? No matter what you say, she can just give up on that. I can accept the child, but I'll never admit that she's my wife." Cathy also lost her temper. Allison was just pregnant, and she was pregnant by playing tricks. How dare she say that she wanted to marry into the Carter family?
	Richard and Amy exchanged their gazes and nodded.
	"Dad, if you are unwilling to tell them, I'll tell them myself. Anyway, I will definitely accept the child as long as it is mine. It's impossible for Amy to leave me. At worst, let them sue me." Richard defended his marriage with Amy.
	Halbert felt that his family were all unanimously unwilling to accept Allison. It seemed that it was indeed unreasonable for Allison to enter their family.
	"No, I don't agree." Eva had listened to them at the door for a long time. At this time, she came in with Sophia's help.
	"Mom? Why are you here?" Halbert had made up his mind, but at this time, he was interrupted by Eva.
	"I don't agree that Allison should live alone. If she gives birth to the child, she will be a heroine to the Carter family. Why do you treat her like this? Shouldn't someone who hasn't been pregnant yet look at herself and step aside?" Eva glared at Amy.
	"Grandma, Richard and I have only been married for a year." Amy said to Eva.
	"It's been a whole year and you're not pregnant yet, but Allison can be pregnant in one go. How do you explain that?" Eva resolutely counterattacked.
	"I mean that I've only been married to Richard for a year. If you say that, you're referring to Sophia, right? She's been married for three years, and she hasn't been pregnant yet. We're both daughters-in-law of the Carter family. Grandma, you are so unreasonable." Amy wanted to give way at first, but Eva was too arbitrary. She treated others' respect for her as a stepping stone.
	When Eva heard this, she realized that she was wrong and Sophia was involved. However, she was an elder, so she couldn't admit her mistake. "I don't think that you are so clever. Look at Sophia. She never disobeys me. She's not like you at all, who dare quarrel with me."
	Eva was well known for being unreasonable. When she was still a young girl, she had quarreled with almost everyone in her village.
	Therefore, she was not afraid of quarreling at all. Now that she was old and she could rely on her age to quarrel with others as she wanted.
	"Grandma, have you forgotten that you've been talking about me? If you say the same words to Sophia, I don't think she would treat you like this. My respect for you is not meant to be wasted." Amy thought that the elders should be kind and amiable. Why was this Eva like this?
	"Regardless of what you say, I just want Allison to be my granddaughter-in-law. Her child will be my great-grandson. You want to marry to our family only for money. You'll be satisfied by money and I know that. Don't think that I don't know that your family is bankrupt and desperately in need of money." Eva's words sounded extremely sinister.
	When Eva said this, Amy was really speechless. She was also forced to be angry just now. She couldn't keep arguing with an unreasonable person, who might also make her unreasonable.
	"Grandma, that's my business. Why do you always interfere? I can marry whoever I like. If you like Allison, that's your business. It has nothing to do with me. I know how to handle my own business." Seeing that Eva had always been targeting at Amy, Richard could not tolerate that.
	"Alright, you've grown up and you don't need me anymore. If you don't let Allison marry you, then I'll die in front of you. You all want me to be dead, right?" Eva brought out the big guns.
	"Mom, don't say that word, okay? Who wants you to be dead? We're just trying to figure out how to solve this." Halbert was really going to be crazy. The quarreling had only stopped for a few days. The family was really about to be destroyed.
	Eva pointed at Halbert and Richard and said, "You are both Carters and my son and grandson. Why do you have to discuss it since it is beneficial to our family? Do you want to listen to that bitch and hurt Allison? She's such a good girl and you made her pregnant. It's our fault. If she wants to marry you, there's nothing wrong with it. Don't think about it. Get divorced and marry Allison!"
	Eva didn't want them to continue discussing. Allison was certain to be her granddaughter-in-law. She just hated Amy, who looked so bitchy. Most importantly, her family had gone bankrupt. She didn't have anything now.
	Eva just stood there and didn't leave. No one could do anything about it. Amy turned around and left. She couldn't communicate with this old woman, and she did not know how she had offended Eva, so that she always target Amy.
	"Grandma, don't be angry. It's all my fault for embarrassing you." Originally, everyone had forgotten about this. At this moment, Sophia suddenly mentioned it again.
	"What are you talking about? It's all the fault of that bitch. Sophia, you're a good girl. You are good to me. I know that." Eva comforted Sophia and gave her confidence in front of Halbert and Cathy.
	"I feel that this family is in a total mess. Halbert, as the mistress, I don't seem to have any right to say anything. I don't even know why you asked me to be back." Cathy was upset by the quarrel. The home she had stayed for years was really in a mess right now.
	"Cathy, Cathy, listen to me! Listen to me!" Halbert followed Cathy and left.
Chapter 197 Eva Is in Charge of the Family
	"Grandma, are you satisfied now? Are you happy after you torture my families like this?" Richard, who had been sitting opposite Eva, didn't know why he had such a grandma.
	"Richard, I'm doing this for you. You have to understand me. I'm probably the only one in the world who treats you the best." Eva felt that she was doing it for the whole family. She did not feel that she was wrong.
	"Grandma, thank you for your kindness. Sophia, please help Grandma back to rest." Richard also knew that in such a home, Amy really suffered a lot of grievances. It was better for them to move back to their own home. It would be better if they couldn't see what happened here.
	"Richard, I'm going back with Grandma." Sophia supported Eva and left. Richard closed the door and walked into the inner room. He found that Amy was looking at the computer.
	He walked over and saw that Amy was busy with her work. He felt that it was a little funny.
	"Why did you come in to work?" The way Amy talked to Eva just now really made Richard heave a sigh of relief. He didn't want his wife to be unable to say anything after being bullied.
	"Then what should I do? It's impossible for me to quarrel with her all the time. Besides, I'm a junior, so I can only stop there. Do you think I need to fight with her?" Amy was quite optimistic. She felt that it would be better to work rather than argue with Eva.
	"Amy, I'm afraid that you will leave me because of Grandma's words." Richard held Amy in his arms. Only by staying with Amy could he feel a trace of tranquility.
	"Amy, let's move back." Richard said to Amy.
	"How did you figure it out?" Amy smiled. She wanted to leave, but she was afraid that it would set Richard in a difficult situation, so she didn't mention it all the time.
	"Amy, let's go back and enjoy the world of only you and me. This place is really different from before. If we are here, Mom's life will also be difficult. You will also be very aggrieved." Richard sat beside Amy.
	"Alright, whatever you want to do, just do it." Amy kissed Richard on the face.
	Allison's matter indeed influenced Amy, but since she chose to trust Richard, she had to not think too much about it.
	"Amy, you are so nice. I will never leave you." Richard felt that he was so happy to marry Amy.
	"Why didn't Richard come to dinner today?" Eva looked at the people on the table. She did not see Richard and Amy.
	"Maybe they have something to deal with. Let's eat first. They may have a party outside and won't come back." Cathy hurriedly said.
	"How can it be nutritious to eat outside every day? That bitch even doesn't persuade her own man to come back for dinner. Since she doesn't serve her man well, how can she still live in this house?" Eva always called Amy as a "bitch".
	Cathy did not argue with her. In any case, her son and daughter-in-law had moved away. They chose to stay far away from the quarrel here.
	"Sophia, you can't learn that Amy. As a woman who is already married, why does she still dress so beautifully? You should serve your husband and teach your son at home, instead of showing up everywhere. A woman should know how to be a good woman. But Sophia, you've done a good job." Eva couldn't accept that a woman went out to work at all.
	"Grandma, you are right. I will listen to you." Sophia also despised Eva in her heart. If a woman didn't dress up beautifully, the man would have left her a long time ago. Just like Eva, she was rustic and Grandpa just didn't like her.
	Hearing Sophia's words, Eva was happy. As long as Amy and Cathy weren't around, the family was still very harmonious and everyone still respected her.
	Eva was very happy during the process of the dinner. Just now, Halbert had told her that Cathy's health was not quite good, so she was no longer prepared to take care of the whole family. The power of controlling the family would be given to Eva. In the future, it was Eva who had the final say of the family.
	Since it was all up to her, she would definitely deal with that bitch.
	Sophia knew that in the future, Eva would be the one in charge of the family and she was also very happy. Eva always liked her, and her future life would be much easier than Amy's.
	After dinner, Cathy found an excuse and went back to her room by saying that she didn't feel good. She was also prepared. After her son moved away and everything settled down, she would go to live with her son.
	Halbert went to the study to deal with his business.
	In the living room, only Eva and her people were left there and celebrated.
	"Grandma, I think you should be in charge of this family. You are our backbone. You are much more experienced than any of us." Sophia flattered Eva.
	"Sophia, you are so sweet. The family wasn't like this when I was in charge back then. Life was smooth and peaceful. And the families were also harmonious." Eva began to brag. Anyway, the people here did not know what happened back then. She could say it as she liked.
	"Grandma, do you see how I've been bullied? I only have 30,000 a month. Grandma, please increase that a little." Sophia finally expressed her purpose.
	"30,000?" Eva's eyes popped. She and Addy used 30,000 a year. Why did Sophia still ask for an increase?
	Sophia did not understand what Eva meant. She thought that Eva also felt that the money was too little, so she pretended to be even more pitiful.
	"That's right. It's only 30,000. If I go out for a meal, it'll cost several thousand. How can 30,000 be enough?"
	"Sophia, I'm going to blame you. Your mother and I spend 30,000 for a year. And you need 30,000 a month! Do you still think that's too little? It's not easy for Richard to earn money. It's really absurd for you to spend so much money every month." Eva's face darkened when she heard that everyone in her family was spending so much money.
	Sophia thought that after Eva took the charge of the family, it should be beneficial to her, but she never expected Eva to say such words.
	"Addy, pay attention. From today on, I'll deduct their pocket money. 30,000 is too much. 20,000 will be enough." Actually, Eva felt that 20,000 was still too much. She didn't know why these people needed so much money.
	Sophia felt that she actually found a trouble for herself. 30,000 turned into 20,000, which was even more inadequate for her.
	"Grandma, just maintain 30,000 every month. I don't think it's not enough. If you deduct it like this, I really don't know how to survive." Sophia wanted to be coquettish. Eva liked her so much, so she should listen to her.
	"I think 20,000 is too much. All of you should reflect on it. From today on, the family expenses should all be reduced. How much will it cost if we eat so much every day?" Eva said resolutely.
Chapter 198 Tracy's Worries
	Cathy was sick. So she was no longer in charge of the Carter family's affairs. She ate lightly every day to reduce internal heat.
	But she did not know that the entire Carter family was eating very lightly now. Grandma Eva made it a rule that the daily household budget should be no more than 100.
	There were nice dishes on the table anymore. Instead, they became the most ordinary pork and vegetable dishes. Sophia, William and the others were suffering.
	"William, what's wrong with your grandma? We have money, but look at what we are offered to eat. And your mother is a real bumpkin!" Sophia whined.
	"Allison, it's been hard for you. My mother and grandmother are like that. When we went to see them, we never ate at home. Let's eat out at night instead of eating these stuff at home." William said. He wanted the best for Sophia, and he didn't want to eat at home, either.
	"I miss Cathy now. We ate delicacies all the time when she was in charge. Look at what we're eating now!" It angered Sophia the most that her pocket money was reduced by 10,000.
	"Yes, it's their fault. We won't eat at home anymore. I will take you out for dinner." William assured Sophia.
	"I used to have 30,000 as pocket money, which wasn't enough already. Now it was 10,000 less. How am I supposed to live with it?" Sophia needed to subsidize her family. After the White family went bankrupt, her father often asked money from her. She didn't know what was going on. Even if her family was bankrupt, they should be able to live on the rest of the money. And Sophia had given them so much money before.
	"Darling, I can give you money. It's just 10,000. I can take it from the company." Now in charge of the company, William had diverted quite some money. An extra 10,000 every month shouldn't be much different.
	"You give me? I have all your salary cards. What can you give me?" When Sophia heard that William had other ways to get money, she was very excited.
	"I can make it 10,000 less in the profit report and give it to you. The company is ours anyway. It is OK to do that." William said to Sophia.
	"Can we? Great, then you give me 10,000 a month. Otherwise, I won't be able to survive." Sophia was elated. Grandma Eva deducted her money. Fortunately, she had a capable husband who could make it up for her.
	"Honey, should we do something? You're not pregnant yet. I want to be a father." William held Sophia in embrace and looked at her with desire.
	"You can't blame me. What if you are the one to blame?" Sophia said to William.
	"I'm so healthy. There can't be something wrong with me. Come on, baby, for our baby!" After that, he threw himself on Sophia.
	"What? You can accept a baby but not my daughter? How dare you! My daughter and grandson can't be separated." Tracy, who was lying on the bed, jumped up the moment she heard what Halbert said.
	"Richard said it was the only thing he could do. If you don't want to, you can sue him at any time." Halbert was also displeased with Tracy's attitude. As the president of the HD Group, he was yelled at like that. It never occurred to him that Tracy was this aggressive.
	"How dare you!" Tracy became spiritless. Richard loved Amy. How dare Amy confuse Richard like this. Tracy swore to herself that she would get one eye for an eye.
	"Alright, I've told you what Richard wants. Think about it yourself. These things are for you. Hadrian, take good care of your mother. Goodbye." Then he left.
	"Hadrian, throw everything out." Tracy, now sick and dying, wasn't afraid of anyone now.
	"Mom, I think Mr. Carter has a point. Richard has a wife. If you insist that he get divorced and marry my sister, he definitely won't do it. It's not bad that he accepts the baby." Actually, Hadrian wanted his younger sister to have an abortion. Things were strange that day when he thought about them.
	He knew how much Richard could drink. It was impossible that he was drunk. When he heard that Richard slept with his sister, he fumed with anger. Later, when he thought about it carefully, he had doubts about what his sister and mother had done. But he did not want to say more about it.
	"Hadrian, that's your sister. Do you want your sister to be destroyed by Richard like this? Why did he do that to your sister when he had a wife?" The more Tracy looked at him, the angrier she became. Why didn't he speak up for her?
	"Alright, Mom, I'm going to the company. Don't get too emotional. I'll come and see you again when I have time." Hadrian knew that he could not convince his mother. At this moment, Tracy was very emotional, so he chose to leave.
	"I might think you are not my son if I hadn't given birth to you myself. You are just as silly as your father." Tracy complained as her son went out.
	Her son was not close to her since he was young. He did not approve of her in many things, and neither did her husband. And that make Allison her closest pal in the family.
	She also loved her son, even though they were not close. She was his mother, despite a few whining and bickering, she cared about him.
	Her son was already 30 years old, and didn't have a girlfriend. It was what she worried about the most. She didn't have much time left, so she had to get things done for her son and daughter before she died.
	Tracy didn't worry about her husband at all. As long as he had food and chess to play, he would need nothing.
	"Mia, you said that you've got a niece the other day. Shall we have lunch or dinner together and have her meet my son?" Tracy called her friend and wanted to set up a date for her son.
	"Alright, Saturday night is OK. Thank you, Mia. See you then." After Tracy settled the matter, she felt much better.
	She wouldn't live long enough to see her son and daughter get married. However, she could rest assured if it was settled. Amy, you dare to snatch a man from my daughter, then don't blame me! Tracy clenched her fists.
Chapter 199 Addy's Changes
	Only Grandma Eva and Addy were at the table. Other people were busy, so they didn't come back to have meals today. Halbert was in the room with his wife. Cathy said that she was sick and felt uncomfortable.
	"Addy, look at our family. I just ask them to eat some light food and they all find an excuse to eat outside. They have been doing this for three days, and I don't believe that they can be busy like this for three days." Grandma Eva put her chopsticks on the table angrily.
	"Mom, they all had their own work to do. That is why they did not come back for dinner. And you said that Cathy failed in raising those children and have developed bad habits. Well, I don't think children are to blame here. Mom, don't be angry. We have gone through a lot these years and we know that it takes time to cultivate good habits in a child." Addy always knew what Grandma Eva was thinking about. And that was why Grandma Eva liked her so much.
	When she lived in the countryside and didn't know how things went on between her husband and his current wife, she managed to get on with her life. But now, she returned to the Carter's with great difficulty. She was really jealous when she saw her ex-husband being so nice to another woman every day.
	However, she could take her time now. She had waited for 30 years and these few days meant nothing to her. Only by getting rid of Cathy could she truly come back to the Carter's and become the hostess in charge of the whole family.
	"You are the sensible one. Addy, I am old now and I always want the best for you. Dress yourself up and make an effort, so you can become the hostess here. Men love women in fine clothes." Grandma Eva figured it out now that women had to be seductive to win a man's love.
	"Mom, I remember that don't you like women in skimpy clothes?" Addy always dressed up like a woman living in countryside. She wished she could dress up one day, but Eva was conservative. Therefore, she never put on makeup just to please Eva.
	"Looks like times have changed. I also need to change. Halbert will never fall in love with you if you stay that way for the rest of your life. I can find someone to help you dress up tomorrow. I bet you are pretty than those women." Grandma Eva was really angry. She was confused that why her son never fall in love with Abby, who was pretty in her eyes.
	Grandma Eva thought to herself, "It is those bitches who make a mess here. What I believed for so many years turned out to be wrong?"
	After dinner, Grandma Eva called Allison and told her to come over tomorrow and take Addy to get dressed up. Grandma Eva and Abby were definitely not good at this, so they could only ask Allison for help.
	Halbert went out for shopping and he bought some snacks that Cathy liked when he returned. As soon as he entered the living room, he saw a woman with curly hair sitting on the sofa. She wore a black cheongsam and looked a bit like Cathy from the back. However, her hairstyle was nothing compared to that of Cathy.
	Halbert only looked at that woman's back. He didn't know where his mother found this woman. He didn't want to have much to do with his mother, so he walked upstairs.
	"Halbert." That woman called Halbert when she saw him. Halbert turned around to look at that woman. She just got her hair done, and it didn't look natural. She also wore makeup on her face. That woman looked familiar to Halbert, but he couldn't remember who this woman was.
	"Who are you?" Halbert looked at that woman.
	"Halbert, I'm Addy. How do I look?" Addy spun around in front of Halbert.
	Actually, Addy was good-looking. Otherwise, Grandma Eva and Grandpa John wouldn't choose her as their daughter-in-law.
	However, she was in her fifties and gained some weight. She had love handles and looked like a bucket in skirt. She looked very funny.
	"Are you Addy? Why are you dressed like this?" Halbert was frightened.
	Addy was like a bumpkin, but Halbert was used to her look now. Halbert hated her even more when he saw Addy dress up in this way.
	"Mom said that men like beautiful women, so she asked me to dress up. How do I look?" Addy had never worn a cheongsam before, nor had she ever had her hair permed. She felt that she looked like Cathy now.
	Cathy also liked to wear cheongsam the most. She also had curly hair, but Addy did not notice that Cathy was in good shape.
	As for Addy, she didn't have a nice body like Cathy.
	"I think I like who you were before." Halbert then hurriedly left. He was afraid that he would burst into laughter in a while because Addy looked really funny.
	Addy discovered that Halbert was still unwilling to be with her even if she became beautiful. She didn't know what went gone wrong with her.
	"How is it? What did Halbert say?" Grandma Eva just walked out of Grandpa John's study. She didn't hear anything in that room, which was very soundproof.
	"Mom, I think I am beautiful now, but Halbert still wants me to be who I was before. Maybe he doesn't want me to be as pretty as Cathy." Addy thought that Halbert didn't like her dress up because that would make her prettier than Cathy.
	"No, I don't think so. Perhaps he hasn't got used to your new look. He will know how beautiful you are one day. We bought a lot of clothes today. Allison picked them and she's got a good taste. You need to put on your new clothes from time to time and wear them in front of Halbert. He will eventually realize how beautiful you are." Grandma Eva spent a few thousand today, and that was a lot of money for her.
	Allison didn't want to be with them anymore. She could only pick up clothes that were a few hundred. Allison didn't know how to choose as she had never worn such cheap clothes before.
	But Grandma Eva thought that she bought the best clothes. When they were at the market, the clothes she bought were only a few dozen each!
	Allison returned home and saw her mother lying on the sofa alone. She closed her eyes and didn't move at all. Allison thought that Tracy was dead, so she hurriedly walked over and knelt beside Tracy, calling her name.
	"Mom, Mom, what's wrong with you? Don't scare me. Mom, Mom." Allison shouted.
	Tracy slowly opened her eyes. She smiled when she saw her daughter's anxious look, "Allison, I was just tired and sleeping. Don't worry, I am okay." Tracy touched Allison's face.
	"Mom, I am scared. You can't die. What can I do if you die?" Allison lay on Tracy and put her head on Tracy's leg.
	"My baby girl, I will not die until I get a handle on everything. Don't worry." Tracy comforted Allison.
Chapter 200 A Car Accident
	Richard and Amy went back to their villa and lived a peaceful life, leaving the other Carters behind who wouldn't change their mind and wanted nothing good for the couple anyway.
	"Amy, buy something for dad and something good. And you can go there first. I'll join you after work." Richard walked to Amy's office and said to her.
	"Alright, I am planning on buying him some clothes. I'll skip work then and take him shopping this afternoon." Amy replied. Today was Stephen's birthday. Amy had been occupied with too many things lately and had no time to pay him a visit. She couldn't miss this chance today.
	After the heart surgery, Stephen recovered very well and had been living a full life. He ran in the morning, took a walk in the park and practiced Tai Chi every day. He was quite busy and got healthier.
	When Amy called him for the shopping, he refused right away but agreed later because Amy was very persistent. Moreover, he thought it was a good thing that Amy cared about him.
	Stephen prepared for the dinner first thing in the morning. He bought everything he needed and put the stew on the burner.
	As soon as Amy entered the house, she smelled the stew. "Dad, what are you stewing? It smells good." Amy sniffled.
	"Your favorite. Small intestine. I'm simmering it over low heat. It'll be just perfect by dinner." Stephen pointed at the crockpot and said to Amy.
	"Wow, I miss your cooking. Dad, I love you. You always remember what I love to eat, but I haven't done much for you." Amy felt like crying as she spoke. Ever since her mother left, Stephen had been both a father and a mother to her. And the years had wrinkled his face.
	"Silly, don't be sad. I'm only fifty, not very old. I haven't even been a grandfather. You two can start working on it." Stephen patted Amy on the shoulder.
	"Okay, sure." Amy nodded. She turned around and wiped away her tears while Stephen wasn't looking.
	"Let's go, Dad. We're going shopping for a long time. You have to be prepared." Amy turned to Stephen, looking lively again.
	Stephen looked at his daughter, feeling sorrowful. Though she was born a business talent, Stephen wanted for her a simpler and more peaceful life.
	The father and daughter arrived at the mall. Amy wanted to buy some clothes for her father. His clothes were all a bit old, but he didn't want to throw away any of them. Amy knew that Stephen didn't want her to spend too much on him. But how could she not? It had cost Stephen too much to raise her up, she was just repaying him, now that she was capable.
	"This is so expensive." Stephen looked at the five-figure price and didn't really want it.
	"Dad, you're already fifty. Carpe diem! This T-shirt looks nice on you, so does this pair of trousers, I'll take them both." Amy had the salesman cut off the tags.
	"Alright, but I'd better take them off. I have to cook later." Stephen's heart ached in such expensive clothes.
	"Plenty of time till then. Keep them on. You can change at home." Stephen was a handsome man, and now even more handsome in his new clothes.
	"Dad, let's go buy you a pair of shoes. Those on your feet look worn-out." Amy looked at his shoes which were out of shape.
	"Alright, let's go buy shoes." Stephan wanted Amy happy and no longer said no. In any case, she wouldn't give up on the shoes now with all the clothes.
	Except for the clothes on Stephen, Amy bought some more. Stephen couldn't bear to see her pay the bill.
	Although he knew that the Carter family was rich, Stephen didn't want Amy to live on them. They might use it against her.
	"Dad, it's alright. These are my money, my salary. Not theirs." Amy read his mind and explained.
	After they finished shopping, they walked out together. Remembering two seasonings that they hadn't bought, Stephen wanted to go to the supermarket not far away to have a look.
	Arm in arm, they walked towards the supermarket while talking and laughing.
	All the while, a black car that had been waiting at the door drove out and followed Amy and Stephen.
	Suddenly, Amy seemed to see a man and a woman walking ahead. The man was very caring to the woman. His arms were around her waist and she was leaning on his shoulder. The man was in the same outfit that Richard wore this morning.
	Just as Amy was staring blankly, the woman spoke.
	"Richard, I want to buy something in the supermarket." With that, she inadvertently took a glance back. It was Allison.
	The man did not look back but touched Allison's belly, looking very concerned.
	Allison laughed happily.
	The car behind them had accelerated towards Amy. But Amy was numbed by what she saw. How could he ask for her trust and do such things behind her back?
	Amy's eyes were wet. Stephen noticed it but didn't have the time to find out why. He saw the black car was at a high speed and was about to hit Amy.
	There was no time to think. Stephen pushed Amy away before he was knocked over and flew meters away. The car was almost red with all the blood.
	"Dad, Dad." Amy finally came to her senses and rushed over.
	Stephen was lying in blood, which kept flowing out. He struggled to open his eyes and raise his hand to touch Amy's face, as if ready to say something.
	However, the car had no intention of leaving. Although the windshield of the car was covered in Stephen's blood, the car accelerated again towards Amy.
Chapter 201 Amy's Amnesia
	The car drove towards Amy like crazy again. Stephen had no other choice but to watch his daughter get hit with him.
	At this time, a hand from the side pulled Amy over. Stephen was crushed by the car again, and Stephen died on the spot.
	Amy was pulled to the side. She saw that the person sitting in the car was Tracy. At this time, Tracy was also looking fiercely at Amy.
	"Help! There is a car accident here." Seeing that Stephen had been crushed, the people beside him panicked. Someone called an ambulance.
	At this time, Tracy still wanted to kill Amy, but when she started the car again, she found that her car was controlled by someone and they treated Tracy as a lunatic.
	Amy looked at Andy beside her and she had collapsed.
	"Carry me over. Carry me over." Amy begged Andy. At this time, her legs were weak, and she couldn't even stand up. Seeing her father being killed to save her, Amy could not accept it at all.
	Andy picked up Amy and placed her in front of Stephen.
	Although Stephen's entire body was covered in blood, his expression was very peaceful. He seemed to die peacefully. Seeing that his daughter was fine, he felt relieved.
	"Dad, don't sleep. Stay with me. Today is your birthday. Wake up! Let's go back and celebrate your birthday." Amy said to Stephen's corpse. She stretched out her hand to stop Stephen's body from bleeding, but the blood still flowed out uncontrollably.
	The doctors and the police came. Tracy was under control. However, they did not see Allison and Richard at this time. Just now, something like this had happened. Was Richard afraid that Allison would be frightened when she saw it?
	Amy was so regretful. Her father had died, but Richard didn't even come over. Amy's heart ached.
	"Miss, your father is dead. I'm sorry." The doctor confirmed that Stephen was dead.
	"Dad! Dad!" The medical staff wanted to take Stephen's corpse away, but Amy hugged Stephen's head tightly and didn't let anyone touch him.
	"Amy, let go. Let Mr. Miller rest in peace." At this time, Andy could only persuade Amy. They had been neighbors since childhood. Amy did not have a mother, and Stephen raised her alone. Their relationship was very deep, so of course, she couldn't stand it.
	"No, no! My father is not dead. He is alive. He is just asleep. Look, he sleeps so peacefully." Amy looked at Stephen's face and said to Andy.
	Today was his father's fiftieth birthday, but it had become his death day. Amy was so sad that she was a little confused.
	"Let's go, Amy." Andy picked up Amy so that the medical staff could take away Stephen's corpse.
	"Dad, Dad, Dad!" Amy cried at Stephen's corpse, but her dearest father would never answer her again.
	Tracy was handcuffed by the police. She only said that the brakes were out of order and it was not intentional.
	Amy struggled out of Andy's embrace. She pounced on Tracy. Her speed was extremely fast. Even Andy, who was hugging her, had yet to react. The police were still interrogating Tracy. With two crisp sounds, Amy slapped Tracy twice.
	"Miss, you can't hit her." When the police went to stop Amy, Andy also reacted. He held Amy in his arms.
	"Why can't I hit her? She hit my father. My father is dead. Why can't I hit her?" Andy said coldly.
	The police did not pursue this matter anymore.
	The police took Tracy away, and Amy wanted to beat Tracy again. At this time, she did not want to live anymore, so there was only one thought in her heart which was to kill Tracy.
	"Amy, I've sent someone to get the surveillance videos out. They would punish Tracy. Don't be so impulsive. You're too sad. Should I call Richard?" Although Andy loved Amy, he knew that Amy was Richard's wife, so he still wanted Richard to know what had happened today.
	"No, don't call him. I hate him. I hate him!" Amy hurriedly stopped Andy. At this time, she was depressed. When she was anxious, she fainted.
	Andy checked Amy's pulse and found that she was too sad. There was nothing serious.
	"Who am I?" Amy looked at Andy, who was by her side.
	"You are Amy," Andy said to Amy.
	"Then who are you?" Amy, who had just woken up, asked again.
	"I am Andy, your good friend." When Andy saw Amy's current state, he felt something was wrong.
	"What is this place?" Amy looked around and saw that everything was white as if it was a hospital.
	"It's a hospital, but why did I come to the hospital?" Amy said to herself.
	Andy immediately asked the doctors and nurses to bring the instrument over. What happened to Amy? They were going to give her a further examination.
	Because Amy was overly sad, she temporarily lost her memory.
	"Andy, thank you for your help. I'll take Amy back." Eliana had heard the news of Stephen's death. She was also very sad. Stephen was such a good person. Even at the last moment, he wanted to save her daughter, and he died for her.
	"Mrs. Newell, why do you want to take Amy back?" Andy asked Eliana curiously.
	"Because I'm her mother." Eliana looked at Amy. Amy was looking out of the window blankly as if she was waiting for someone and thinking of someone.
	Andy didn't tell anyone that Amy was in the hospital. Even Richard didn't know about it. Andy did not know how Eliana had found out about it.
	Andy was shocked by Eliana's words.
	"Mrs. Newell, do you mean you are Amy's mother?" Andy was so shocked that his mouth was widely opened.
	"Yes, I am her biological mother. Don't ask me why I abandoned her. I've never abandoned her." Eliana said to Andy.
	"Now that her father has passed away, let me take care of her. Mr. Baker, thank you for saving my daughter. She is pregnant now, isn't she? I want to send her abroad and leave this sad place. It just so happens that she has lost her memory and she can live a new life." Although Eliana had no expression on her face, she was sad when she saw her daughter's sad appearance.
Chapter 202 Amy Returned Home
	Five years later, the R City's prosperity still overwhelmed that of many other cities. Even the airport was bustling with people.
	"Mommy, I think this place is fun. They're all black-haired, black-eyed people like me." A pretty boy around four years old dragged his suitcase to the front and then ran back to his mother.
	"Of course. This is China. You are Chinese. You definitely look the same as them." The equally beautiful mother said to the little boy.
	Amy's long hair was gone. Her hair was bobbed about her ears. Her slightly curly hair made her look more mature and sexy. Her big sunglasses covered half of her face, but they couldn't cover up her innate noble aura.
	She stretched out her hand, and the little boy quickly ran over and took her hand. The mother and son walked out together.
	"Hello, Amy. Hello, Ugly." Dexter was standing at the door, waiting for their arrival.
	"Uncle, I miss you so much." The pretty boy called Ugly let go of his mother's hand and threw himself into Dexter's embrace. Dexter picked him up and spun him in the air.
	"Uncle missed you too." Five years had passed. Dexter had grown into a man. He was still so handsome and outgoing, but he had grown a little more mature.
	"Amy, let me get the luggage. Mom and dad are waiting." Dexter put Ugly on his back and helped Amy with the luggage.
	Looking at this familiar yet unfamiliar city, Amy felt a faint heartache, but she did not know why.
	"Hello, my dear daughter, my dear Ugly." Eliana picked up Ugly, and no one knew that the little fellow had a name, Allen. But he insisted on giving himself such a nickname.
	"Grandmother, grandfather, I miss you so much." Allen was so good at sweet words, making Eliana and Dalton ecstatic.
	It had only been more than a month since they parted, yet Allen said that he missed them so much. How could the old couple not be happy when they heard this?
	"Mom, Dad, I'm back." Amy smiled and said to the Newell couple. She had always been quiet, so quiet that the Newell couple felt very distressed.
	"Let's go. The food is ready. Let's eat first." The family happily walked in.
	This time, Amy came back to take over some affairs of the Newell Company. Dalton had a wound on his waist and needed to be treated abroad for a while. The doctor said that it could be long, and Eliana would go with him. Dexter just liked painting and was not interested in business at all.
	In the end, the couple had no other choice but to let Amy, who had been running the company in France, return home to handle the emergency.
	"Amy, you come back to help your father this time. Since you're running the business here, we'll go to France to operate your business and treat your father at the same time. Dexter, you have to help your sister. She has a kid. You can't just focus on painting." Eliana reminded Dexter.
	Dexter nodded. He could help, but making the decision would make him feel guilty.
	After explaining some things to Amy and handing over some of the affairs of the company, Dalton flew to France with his wife a week later to treat his illness.
	In the following time, Amy devoted herself to familiarizing herself with the Newell Group.
	Fortunately, the business model of the companies in China and France was similar, so it wasn't very troublesome for Amy to familiarize herself with it.
	Within half a month of taking over the Newell Group, she had learned everything.
	"Miss Newell, this is an invitation letter from SR Company. Tomorrow night will be their company's annual meeting, and many companies in R City have been invited to attend." The secretary brought in an invitation.
	Normally, the Newell Group would never accept an invitation letter from an ordinary company other than a few large groups working together with them.
	"Alright, put it there," Amy asked her secretary to put it on her desk.
	"This is the proposal for HD Group. Dalton has read it before, but he hasn't signed it yet. Please make your decision now." The secretary showed Amy a document.
	"Yeah, put it there." Amy nodded. There were a few documents in her hand that she hadn't finished reading.
	After dealing with the documents in her hand, Amy picked up the proposal. She opened it and read carefully. She heard that HD Group was a leading enterprise in the R City, so the project should be mutually beneficial. However, Amy discovered that many of the terms could be said to be harsh.
	However, HD Group had accepted the harsh conditions that ordinary enterprises would not. In other words, this project was basically a sign of eagerness to cooperate with the Newell Group. Its profit or loss wouldn't matter, only the cooperation itself was important.
	It was really interesting. Amy had a strong interest in this HD Group. She really wanted to see if its president was crazy.
	Since the HD Group was not afraid of losing money, why should the Newell Group? Amy signed the contract and let the secretary in to get it.
	"Miss Newell, there's an appointment with a reporter of R City Times tomorrow morning to interview in the Newell Group. Dalton has left. We..." The secretary asked Amy. She had just returned, and the secretary didn't know what her temper was like. Some people didn't like to be interviewed by the media, such as Eliana.
	"Just let them come here." Amy felt that since she had just taken over the Newell Group, she should let the people of the R City know about her. In the future, it would be more convenient for expansion.
	"Okay." The secretary left in ecstasy. This Imperial Times was one of the leading media in the R City. Of course, to interview in the Newell Group, the reporter gave the secretary a lot of benefits. It was not easy for Dalton to agree. However, he found a problem with his health and left. The interview had been delayed for six months, and if it couldn't be carried out this time, the secretary would be embarrassed.
	After dealing with some affairs, Amy searched the Internet for information about the president of HD Group out of curiosity.
	The name of the president of HD Group was Halbert Carter. He was 56 years old. He had three sons and a beautiful wife. The names of two sons were revealed on the Internet, but there was no information about the third son. He might be disabled. Many wealthy people didn't want their regrets to be exposed.
	Amy took a look. There was nothing special about him. She just didn't know why this shrewd person would welcome a loss. It was so unreasonable.
Chapter 203 Who Is the New Miss Newell?
	The annual meeting of SR Company was very lively. Now, many companies liked to hold annual meetings. At year-end, the employees could eat, drink and have fun with their boss. The more approachable the boss was, the more motivated the employees would be in the coming year and the less likely it would be for them to resign.
	Presidents of many large groups would attend the meeting and it could broaden everyone's horizons. People could take a close look at those godlike businessmen.
	The most important thing was that there would be red envelopes at the annual meeting, and this was what people were looking forward to.
	Amy brought Dexter, a secretary, and a bodyguard as well as a male companion, to SR Company's annual meeting.
	Amy liked bright colors very much in the past. However, in the last five years, she had fallen in love with black. Almost all of her clothes were black, including her shirt. She always felt that something was suffocating her. However, even if after seeing many psychiatrists, she couldn't get rid of the feeling because she could not tell what the cause was.
	Today, she was wearing a black dress. It was simple but magnificent, revealing her beautiful shape. She wore a black mink cape, which made her look even more mysterious.
	Her faint makeup made her facial features even more eye-catching. Standing in the crowd, she was so dazzling that it ran counter to her desire to keep a low profile.
	As she was not familiar with these people, Amy went to a secluded place. Dexter brought some drinks for his sister. The two sat there and drank.
	The entrance was filled with people. It was so lively. When Andy was done with his work and was about to pick Amy up at the entrance, he didn't see her. There was reliable news that she would come today, but she wasn't there.
	Andy waited for a while but didn't see Amy. He suddenly remembered that with Amy's personality, she would usually arrive early. They had been separated for five years, but her habit wouldn't change, right?
	Andy went into the hall to look for Amy. It had been five years since he saw her. Andy was very excited. He did not know what Amy would look like.
	Sure enough, there was a handsome man and a beauty leisurely drinking beverages in a secluded place.
	Andy suppressed his excitement. He took a drink from a waiter's tray and walked towards Amy.
	"Miss Newell, I thought you weren't coming. Your arrival made the annual meeting glorious." When Andy saw Amy, he thought for a long time before coming up with this sentence.
	He really wanted to ask Amy how she was doing in the past five years and that if she remembered anything. In short, he wanted to ask too much, but it seemed that he couldn't mention any of them.
	"Mr. Baker?" Yesterday, Amy checked Andy's photo on the Internet, and now, it helped her.
	"Miss Newell, do you remember me?" Andy was so excited that Amy recognized him.
	"Haven't we cooperate? Of course, I remember you." Amy only said this. However, she found Andy familiar. She had seen him somewhere before, perhaps in some magazine. This man was quite good-looking.
	Andy smiled awkwardly. He was too anxious. Amy deliberately forgot some things. Perhaps it was better this way. Her world would be much simpler, and he could re-enter her life.
	When Halbert arrived at the venue of the annual meeting, many people had been there. He had been keeping Richard under surveillance. This son of his had been decadent for the past five years, and he gave up the position of president. Richard had even asked him to shoulder this burden even if he was in his fifties.
	"Richard, let's go in." Halbert pulled Richard. Other guests brought female companions or secretaries, and only he would bring his son along at any time because if he didn't, Richard would suicide at every possible chance.
	Five years ago, when Richard found out that Stephen was killed by Tracy, he went to find Amy like crazy. However, Amy was like she had disappeared into this world. There were rumors that Amy could not stand the blow of her father's death, and she had drowned herself somewhere.
	Richard found the place they were talking about and jumped into the river. He searched for more than a week but couldn't find her.
	Others said Amy poisoned herself. Richard went to the hospital and learned that her body had been taken away.
	Two years later, Richard quieted down. He no longer mentioned looking for Amy. Halbert thought that Richard would stop worrying. But one morning, he discovered that Richard did not show up. He kicked open the door to Richard's bedroom. He lay quietly on the bed, foaming at the mouth. He was unconscious.
	When he was sent to the hospital, the doctor said that Richard was found in time, otherwise, he could have died.
	After staying in the hospital for a month, Richard did not speak anymore. He just quietly looked at his phone. There was a picture of Amy on it. When he looked at her emotionally, he would cry.
	After being discharged from the hospital, Richard did not want to go to the company. The entire company was in a panic. Halbert had no choice. His other two sons weren't doing well, so he was the only one who could shoulder this burden.
	But just as he was busy, Richard cut his wrist. His scarlet blood weakened Halbert's legs.
	The wound on his hand was so deep. The doctor said that Richard was determined to die, and that was why he made such a deep cut. There was a smile on Richard's face, and his other hand was tightly gripping his phone. Amy was in the picture on the phone.
	From then on, Halbert didn't dare to leave Richard alone. No matter where he went, he would always bring Richard with him.
	Halbert pulled Richard into the venue of the annual meeting. Richard's left hand could not move. He always held a photo in his hand. No matter when he would not let go. He would be hysterical with whoever touched it.
	After greeting his partners, Halbert found a place and sat down with Richard.
	Halbert brought a drink for Richard, as well as one for himself. Richard sat down and began to look at the photo again. Amy's smiling face made him feel at ease.
	"Mr. Carter, nice to meet you." A person came to greet Halbert.
	Halbert asked someone to inquire about it. Back then, it seemed like the Newell Group had intervened in the matter of Amy. He repeatedly wanted to cooperate with the Newell Group, but the Newell Group disliked him.
	In the end, there was nothing he could do. He had to make a loss to let the Newell Group cooperate with him. However, the Newell Group was still not satisfied. Yet this time, the result was unexpected. The new Miss Newell actually signed the contract very quickly. So he wanted to see what kind of person she was.
Chapter 204 Reunion of the Couple
	"Hey, have you heard that? The new president of the Newell Group is a woman. She seems to be Mr. Newell's daughter. She is beautiful and capable." Halbert heard someone discussing the new president not far away.
	"Is Dalton surnamed Newell?" Another person was very surprised, as well as Halbert. He did not know that Dalton's last name was Newell.
	"That's right. I heard from his secretary that his name is Dalton Newell. His secretary is my cousin. The news is definitely real." Halbert looked at the two people not far away. Both of their faces were unfamiliar to him. They should be employees of SR Company as today was SR's annual meeting.
	"Wow, that's amazing. She must be a heroine. Let's go and look for her. I really want to see such a strong woman." The two women made a deal to look for Amy.
	Halbert looked at his son worriedly. He was like a retard. It was so heartbreaking. He didn't know if this was the end of his life. What kind of sin did he commit so he was punished like this?
	Almost everyone had arrived. Andy spoke on the stage, welcoming all the guests and staff. He said a few routine words. The guests were all standing in the middle of the hall. After Andy finished speaking, they gave a warm applause.
	Suddenly, Richard broke free from Halbert's hand and quickly walked forward.
	Halbert followed closely behind in fear. Many people knew Richard and some of them were greeting him, but Richard ignored them. He walked towards his target.
	"Dexter, I'm going to the bathroom," Amy said to her younger brother.
	Then she went to the bathroom. When Richard arrived in front of Dexter, he did not see Amy.
	"Where is the woman here just now?" Richard grabbed Dexter's collar and fiercely asked.
	Dexter wanted to push Richard away, but Richard was very strong. He firmly grabbed Dexter's collar. Dexter did not want to start a dispute here. After all, Richard was the former president of HD Group.
	"I'm sorry. Let me persuade him." Halbert thought that his son had gone crazy again, so he hurriedly pulled Richard away.
	Thanks to the joint efforts of the two, Richard was finally pulled away. He stared at Dexter.
	However, he thought that he had an illusion. Everyone thought that Richard was crazy, and only he himself knew the pain in his heart.
	Richard pounded his head. He wanted to cry, but he couldn't.
	"I'm going to the bathroom," Richard said to Halbert, then walked towards the bathroom. He wanted to find a place where there were fewer people to calm down. That person's silhouette looked like Amy's.
	Halbert wanted to follow, but after thinking about it for a while, he decided to wait outside. He followed too closely, so he was afraid that Richard would lose his temper.
	Halbert walked to a place not far from the bathroom and waited for Richard.
	After washing his face with cold water, Richard looked at the man in the mirror. His hair was scattered on his head. His beard had grown wildly and his eyes were hollow. The spirits of the past him had disappeared without a trace. Now, he just looked like a walking dead. He wanted to be with Amy, but even death was so difficult for him.
	After staying in the bathroom for a while, Richard had no choice but to go out. He knew that his father was worried about him. It must have been his illusion. It was not the first time he had mistaken the wrong person. He had even been beaten a few times, but he was not in the mood to fight back anymore.
	After coming out of the bathroom, Richard saw his father waiting for him not far away. He was just in his fifties, but in just a few years, half of his hair had turned grey. Richard felt that he was sorry for his parents.
	Just as he was about to walk towards Halbert, someone tugged at his clothes, "Hello, I want to ask you a favor, can you help me pull out my heel?"
	Amy was so unlucky. The moment she walked out, she stuck her heel into a hole. She wore a cheongsam and could not squat down. She was unable to pull it out while standing there. Fortunately, there was a tall man in front of her.
	Richard trembled. This familiar voice made him unable to believe his ears.
	He was afraid that he hallucinated again, so he slowly turned around and saw that there was indeed a pair of small hands on his clothes. He then looked at the person. She was looking down at her high-heels.
	Her heel just happened to be stuck in a hole. Richard bent down and helped the woman pull it out.
	"Thank you." Seeing her heel being pulled out, the woman raised her head and looked at Richard.
	Richard was completely stunned. Just now, he didn't have an illusion. This woman was Amy.
	When Amy looked at this man, her heart ached even more, as well as her head.
	Amy supported herself on Richard's body in pain, otherwise, she would faint.
	"Amy, what's wrong with you?" Richard immediately hugged Amy. He had been looking for her for five years, but he didn't expect to meet her in such a way today.
	However, no matter what the way they would meet, he would like it.
	"Please let me go. I'm just a little dizzy and don't need a hug." Amy said coldly. This man was too presumptuous. In front of so many people, he actually hugged her. If it wasn't for her dizziness, she really wanted to slap him in the face.
	"Amy, Amy." Richard wanted to say something. At this moment, Dexter walked over. He supported Amy and pushed Richard away with great strength.
	"Richard, you have to behave yourself. She is my sister Amy, not your Amy." Dexter said unhappily to Richard.
	"She is my Amy." Richard was about to go crazy. His wife was standing in front of him, yet the guy wouldn't let the two recognize each other. Was this reasonable?
	As soon as Halbert heard that there was a dispute, he hurriedly ran over. The condition of Richard had become more and more serious lately. His illness relapsed twice today.
	He hugged Richard and said to him, "Son, you've mistaken the lady for the wrong person again. Amy is gone. Let's go back." Halbert didn't have the mood to enjoy this annual meeting anymore. If this continued, the entire R City would take his family as a joke.
	"Dad, take a look. It is Amy. She is clearly my Amy." Richard said excitedly, pointing at Amy, who was in Dexter's embrace.
	Only now did Halbert seriously look at the woman in Dexter's arms. She was Amy, but the way she looked at them was very strange.
	"Amy?" Halbert also shouted in surprise.
	"Mr. Carter, you've mistaken her for someone else. Let's go over there and have a drink. We have a lot of partners here." Andy hurriedly came over and mediated.
	Dexter quickly took Amy away.
	Richard was tightly hugged by his father, and with Andy's help, he was taken away.
Chapter 205 The New Assistant to President
	"Miss Newell, details of recruits are all here. Take a look and decide what department they will be assigned to." The secretary showed Amy the information about the recruits.
	"Leave this to the Personnel Department. Do what you usually do. By the way, the assistant I want must be versatile and has a high alcohol tolerance, and he or she can be used as a bodyguard." Amy just made her own request. It was not convenient to always take Dexter with her. Dexter had his painting career. The assistant she was looking for did not require a specific gender.
	"Alright, we've selected a person, and we are waiting for Personnel Department's authorization. Once all formalities are finished, I'll bring the candidate over to you." The secretary felt that Amy was quite easy to talk to and that she trusted her subordinates very much.
	When she was free, Amy called her parents. "Hello, Dad, Mom. Have you got used to everything in France? How's Dad's injury? Is he feeling better?"
	"Oh, Amy, your father's injury is quite serious. You may have to stay there for a while longer. I'm sorry." Eliana was very reluctant to let Amy return home, but this time, there was nothing else she could do. However, sooner or later, she would have to face Richard, and she could not escape for the rest of her life. Everything happening afterward would be decided by their fate.
	"It's okay, Mom. The different working place won't bother me." Amy felt that her mother was so polite to her. For the past five years, she had always liked to work. She didn't stop working. Only when she was at work would she calm down. As long as she stopped, her heart would hurt. She didn't know what the reason was.
	They talked for a while before hanging up reluctantly.
	Dalton's injury on the waist had something to do with his kidneys and he was still waiting for the results of the examination.
	Amy greeted her family and continued to work. The Personnel Department took a strict examination and finally sent a male assistant to Amy.
	"Miss Newell, this is your assistant. He is very good in all aspects. He knows several foreign languages. He is also good at combating and has a good alcohol tolerance." The manager of the Personnel Department introduced Amy.
	Amy raised her head. She was stunned. Wasn't this man who helped her and offended her at the annual meeting?
	However, this man looked normal as he had a smile on his face.
	"Check his medical record." Amy wondered if there was anything abnormal about this man.
	"He doesn't have any. He passed the physical examination and is in good health," answered the manager of the Personnel Department. He felt that he had done it very carefully.
	Only now did Amy regret it. She should have seen the candidate first. If she had known it was this man, she would not have wanted him. But now that he had been filed by the Personnel Department, if she rejected, it would seem like not giving the Personnel Department face. So, she could only make things difficult for him so that he would leave under great pressure.
	After Amy made up her mind, she nodded.
	Richard saw that Amy did not chase him away. He knew that she was thinking of a way to deal with him when seeing her looking down. However, he would not give her the chance to fire him.
	The manager of the Personnel Department saw that Amy was quite satisfied, so he left without worries. He had instructed Richard a lot, so there shouldn't be any problems.
	"Miss Newell, let me get you a glass of water. You've worked hard. If there's anything you need to do later, let me do it, okay?" Richard was wearing a relatively cheap suit today. However, although it was cheap, he looked very handsome and upright in it as he was born like this.
	"Alright." Amy felt that she couldn't go too far. For the first week, she shouldn't make things difficult for this man. She wanted him to relax his vigilance and she would wait for a chance to find an excuse to fire him.
	Richard hurriedly poured a glass of water and put a little sugar in it. He was sure that he would be hired, so everything was prepared for Amy.
	"Miss Newell, your water." Richard handed the lukewarm water to Amy.
	This person was quite capable. The water was neither cold nor hot, and he even put sugar in it. Why? Did he know that she had hypoglycemia?
	Amy unknowingly finished the water.
	"Get me a cup of coffee," Amy told Richard. He definitely didn't know that she didn't like coffee, so she let him serve her coffee and wanted to make it a habit for him. In the future, she could have an excuse to sack him.
	Richard was stunned for a moment, but he still agreed and left.
	This time, Richard went out for a long time, but Amy smelled the mellow fragrance of black tea floating in through the crack of the door.
	Then Richard walked in. He went to the break room. He made black tea with the stove. Amy only liked tea. He firmly believed that she had not changed. Even if she did not want to recognize him now, he could use his actions to influence her.
	"Miss Newell, have some tea." Richard placed the black tea in front of Amy. The tea soup was brightly colored and the tea leaves were expanded. They floated on the water like girls dancing.
	"I don't like a smart ass. I wanted coffee, but you made me black tea." Amy only glanced at the black tea. Before the admiration in her eyes faded, she began to reprimand Richard.
	"There's no coffee, so I made black tea." Richard immediately said. He knew that Amy would definitely make things difficult for him, so he had thought of an excuse.
	Amy had nothing to say. She picked up the cup, sniffed the tea, lowered her head, blew it, and took a sip. His tea brewing technique was not bad.
	"Alright, go down and ask the secretary where your desk is. I'll have someone inform you if I need anything." Amy felt that it was depressing to have this man standing in her office.
	"Alright." Richard obediently left.
	After Richard left, Amy started to taste the black tea. This black tea was definitely not from the company's break room because it was top-grade Rode tea. Would this man always bring these things with him to please women? However, his conditions should be pretty good, right?
	Afterward, Amy's mind was filled with the image of Richard for some reason. Was this man a magician? She couldn't forget her after meeting him only once.
	No, if that was the case, she couldn't continue working! She couldn't let such a monster wander around in front of her!
	"Hey, secretary, arrange for that assistant to stay away from me. Try to keep him away from me. I'll find him if I need anything." Amy thought for a moment, and then she called her secretary.
	Taking a deep breath, Amy prepared to drive the image of the man called Richard out of her mind.
Chapter 206 Meet the Old Friend Again
	After seeing Amy, Richard couldn't sleep. Although he didn't know why Amy didn't recognize him, he felt that there was a reason. In the past five years, Amy completely disappeared. It turned out that it was Dalton who helped.
	But why did Amy suddenly disappear without even notifying him? He just worked for a while and didn't go back with her. He knew what had happened after getting off work.
	When he was puzzled, Richard turned on his computer. Originally, he wanted to see if he could find any clues about what happened in the past. However, he accidentally clicked on a recruitment advertisement and saw that an assistant to the president of Newell Group was needed. He was so happy because an opportunity had come. He had to find answers to many questions himself.
	For several consecutive days, Richard brewed tea and left without saying anything to Amy. He looked very sensible.
	"Stop!" Finally, Amy couldn't help but feel a little helpless. This man really didn't take her seriously. He made a cup of tea every day and left without saying hello to her.
	Amy had forgotten that she had asked her secretary to warn Richard not to talk to her.
	Richard had walked to the door and turned around to return.
	He still didn't say anything. He just stood beside Amy and looked down at her condescendingly.
	"Are you mute?" Amy put the pen in her mouth and unconsciously bit it.
	"Miss Newell, didn't you tell me not to talk to you?" Richard knew that she couldn't help it and he was so happy in his heart. As long as he saw Amy, he felt that even air was sweet.
	Did she ever say such a thing? Alright, maybe she did.
	"It's not that I don't want you to talk to me. I just want you to take the right opportunity. Don't keep speaking or just staying silent. Understood?" Amy did not know why she had said so much to this man.
	"There's a reception tonight. You should wear a better suit. If you don't have one, I'll let the secretary buy it for you, or you will be embarrassed." Dexter went to a painting exhibition in a different place. It would take him a month. Amy had an assistant, so it was very safe to go around.
	"Alright." Richard nodded in agreement.
	"Also, look at me when you speak." Amy saw that Richard always looked down. She was unhappy again. Was she very ugly?
	Hearing this, Richard looked up at Amy.
	However, that gaze was burning with affection. This man loved her? Didn't they just meet? Forget it, it was better not to have him look at her. No one could stand such a gaze.
	"Enough. Don't look at me. Your gaze is strange." Amy's face was flushed red by Richard's gaze.
	Though having experienced a lot in the business world, Amy was scared by the man's gaze.
	Richard obediently turned his gaze away. When he saw Amy just now, he really wanted to hug her, but he endured it, afraid that he would frighten Amy and lose his job.
	"Alright, I'm done. Also, there might be German friends coming to the reception tonight. I heard that your German is not bad. At that time, you should make use of your skills." After Amy finished speaking, Richard agreed and left.
	After talking to Richard, Amy felt that her mood, which had been depressed for a few days, had been relaxed. She felt very at ease when she was working.
	Thinking that there would be a reception soon, Amy did not eat anything before she got off work. She went to the image design center to put on makeup for herself.
	Without even thinking carefully, she came to an image design center to look for the owner to put on her makeup.
	"I'm sorry, miss. You have to make an appointment with the owner. Do you have one?" The manager saw Amy's extraordinary temperament, but the owner wouldn't serve her without an appointment.
	"No, but I just want him to do it." Amy did not know why she had found this place, nor did she know why she insisted on having the owner do it.
	"Miss, how about I have a director serve you? She can also do a good job." The manager saw that this young miss insisted on looking for the owner. The owner's temper was not very good. If he could not even handle such a small matter, he might have to leave.
	"No, I want him!" As soon as Amy turned around, she saw Bellamy walking through the door and she pointed at him.
	"Amy?" When Bellamy saw that it was Amy, he was shocked. Wasn't this girl missing? At this moment, she appeared in front of him.
	"Amy!" Bellamy did not control herself. He walked over and gave Amy a hug.
	Amy did not expect the owner to give her a hug. She had lived here before, but why did she not remember anything?
	"Who are you?" This time, Amy did not resist Bellamy's embrace. She asked Bellamy in confusion.
	Looking at Amy's confused expression, Bellamy couldn't help but be stunned. What happened to this girl? Didn't she just call out for him to put makeup on her?
	"Wow! Isn't she the new president of the Newell Group? She's here to put on her makeup. Seems that Mr. Smith is quite popular." Two beautiful women came out. They both knew Amy because they had seen this legendary woman at the annual meeting.
	The new president of the Newell Group? Bellamy looked at Amy carefully. She was Amy, how could she be a president?
	However, Bellamy was smart. At this time, he didn't ask anything else. He just pulled Amy into a dressing room.
	"Who am I? I am the owner of this shop, Bellamy. Didn't you ask me to put on makeup for you?" After Bellamy let Amy sit down, he began to clean her face.
	"You are the owner, but I don't know you. I only know about this shop. Sorry, I don't seem to remember anything." Amy had a good impression of Bellamy. This person's personality was as gentle as his face.
	"It doesn't matter. I'm happy that you remember my store." From the moment he saw Amy, Bellamy liked this girl very much as if she was his younger sister.
	Bellamy put on makeup for Amy earnestly. Her face was very beautiful, and by making it just a little colorful, she gave off an amazing feeling.
	"You're still so beautiful, Amy. It's good to see you." After putting on her makeup, Bellamy looked at Amy in the mirror. He felt that his eyes were a little wet.
Chapter 207 But I Don't Want to Get My Memories Back
	"Get in the car!" Amy tossed her head at Richard and said. Richard was waiting at the door when he saw Amy and he found that the car Amy drove was an upgraded version of the one he sent her.
	But Richard just followed her words and went into the car. He couldn't ask anything for now.
	"Miss Newell, let me drive. As the president, it's not suitable for you to drive personally. Let me do it, okay?" Richard said to Amy.
	Amy thought for a moment. Right, she was the president. How could she be the driver of an assistant?
	"Alright, come on." Amy got off the car from the side of the driver's seat and sat in the passenger seat.
	By the time they arrived at the reception, many people had come. Quite a lot of people knew Richard, so they all came to greet him. On the contrary, few people greeted Amy since she had just come back from abroad, and not so many people knew her.
	Followed by Richard, Amy entered the reception. Inside, it was golden and resplendent. The entire lobby of the hotel was so bright and dazzling that people inside even couldn't open their eyes.
	Before Amy could see anything clearly, someone rushed in and hugged Amy tightly. Amy was so shocked that she instinctively pushed that person away.
	Richard made a move and carried that person away.
	"Amy, is it really you?" Hannah was carried by Richard, but her eyes were still fixed on Amy. With tears all over her face, her make-up smeared.
	Bellamy called to tell Kevin that Amy would be at the reception tonight. Then Kevin excitedly told his wife Hannah about this news.
	Hannah urged Kevin to come to the reception early and waited for Amy.
	When Amy and Richard appeared just now, she could no longer hold back her longing and directly rushed over.
	"Who are you?" Amy looked at Hannah. Why did this woman cry so sadly at her? Like seeing a resurgent relative.
	"I am Hannah, Hannah Adams." Hannah kept introducing herself.
	However, Amy had no impression of Hannah at all. She only smiled and said to Hannah, "Hello, Miss Adams."
	Hannah broke free from Richard's hand. She looked at Amy in disbelief and found that Amy was serious. Amy really didn't know her at all.
	"Amy, have you lost your memory?" Hannah was a smart one and she soon figured out the reason.
	Only then did Richard realize that Amy couldn't pretend for such a long time, so the only explanation was that Amy lost her memory.
	"Right, she lost her memory." Andy appeared beside Amy and said to everyone.
	"It's fine, it's fine. I'll help you get your memories gradually." Hannah used another way to talk to Amy. Amy was her friend. No matter what happened, she wouldn't dislike or avoid Amy.
	"Have I lost my memory?" Amy murmured. She only remembered that five years ago, she was sent on a plane by Mrs. Newell from the hospital bed. Then, her belly grew bigger and bigger and she gave birth to Allen.
	"Yes, I have amnesia, but I don't want to get my memories back. Mr. Baker, I have read the cooperation plan between our two companies. I feel that some modifications are still needed." With one glance at these people, she turned around to talk about cooperation with Andy.
	It wasn't that she didn't want to talk to those passionate people. It was just her head and her heart. They hurt again. After a few words with Andy, she had such a headache that she pressed her temple.
	"What's wrong with you?" Richard did not disturb the conversation between Amy and Andy, but he kept an eye on Amy all the time. When he found that she seemed to be in pain, he went to support her before Andy.
	"I'm fine. I have medicine in my bag. Just give me a glass of water. Not the first time. I'm used to it." Amy could only take painkillers because there was no reason for her illness.
	Richard held Amy and Hannah hurriedly found the medicine from Amy's bag. Andy went to get some water. And Kevin found a place room so that Richard could put Amy on the bed.
	After taking the medicine, Amy recovered her strength and she looked at everyone gratefully.
	"Thank you, I'm fine now." Amy lay in Richard's arms. She felt his embrace comfortable and familiar, but she did not want to recover her memories. It had been said on TV that people must have suffered a huge blow to lose their memories.
	That was why she didn't want to know what happened so that she wouldn't know how she was blown.
	"Alright, the reception is about to begin. I have a few friends today, so please excuse me for now." Amy wanted to escape. These people knew her, so she was afraid that they would tell her something bad.
	Her dad had no choice but to let her come back this time, so he must know everything. He just wanted her to face everything bravely, right? But her dad really overestimated her. She didn't dare to face her past.
	Richard helped Amy up. He asked Kevin to take Hannah out first and also asked Andy to leave. He helped Amy tidy up her hair and smooth her clothes.
	"Alright, you will always be the most beautiful one, Miss Newell. Let's go out." Richard thought that the heavy blow Amy suffered was Stephen's death and she lost her memory because of this. Anyway, it was indeed painful for her to lose her father.
	At that time, he was not by her side. It could be imagined that how desperate she was at that time. She saw a car coming to her but was pushed away by her father. Then her father died right in front of him. Definitely unacceptable for anyone.
	Tracy died in prison five years ago. The doctor found out that she had advanced liver cancer and was going to die anyway. That was why she wanted to kill Amy.
	Allison was extremely sad when knowing that her mother had died. She lost her child and went missing.
	Two women were missing for what happened back then and it was all because of Tracy.
	"Amy, don't think about the past. Let's move on and start again." Richard said emotionally.
	"Mind your attitude, I am your superior. You must be careful of what you say." At this time, Amy was already back to normal. She corrected Richard when hearing him call her by the name.
	"Sorry, Miss Newell, it's my fault." Richard immediately apologized.
	Halbert also came to the reception and he really didn't know how to judge what his son did. To get close to his daughter-in-law, his son even went to work as the president's assistant in the Newell Group.
	Cathy supported her son, but Halbert felt embarrassed when seeing his son like this. Did Richard want to embarrass his old father by doing this?
Chapter 208 Be Friends Again
	Halbert was chatting with others when he heard Amy's voice. He hurriedly turned around to look at his son, only to see Richard cap in hand. Anyway, Richard was a 1.8 meters tall grown-up. How could he be so humble and have no temper at all? Halbert was a little unhappy. After all, Richard was his son!
	"Hello, Miss Newell." Halbert walked over and greeted Amy.
	"Are you Halbert, president of HD Group?" Amy met with Halbert at the annual last time. Her assistant was Halbert's son, right?
	"Yes, yes, Miss Newell. Thank you for agreeing with the cooperation this time. This cooperation agreement has been delayed for a long time. Mr. Jones has never signed it although I have made so many concessions. I really don't understand what's going on." Halbert was dissatisfied with Dalton in some way. He made so many concessions but Dalton still refused to sign the contract even though he was ill. But anyway, it didn't matter now since Amy was back.
	"Perhaps the conditions weren't suitable for cooperation at that time. Since we have already cooperated, just leave other things alone. By the way, Mr. Carter, do you want to say a few words to your son?" Amy pointed at Richard, who was standing at the side.
	Halbert looked at his son but his son didn't look at him at all. Anyway, Richard had gone out to work for a long time and nothing serious happened. So, Richard should be much more normal now.
	"There is no need for that. Miss Newell, I'll leave my son to you. If he makes any mistakes, just tell him. He'll listen to you." Seeing that his son still ignored him, Halbert didn't want to get himself embarrassed either.
	"You're his father. Why would he listen to me?" Amy felt that his words were strange, so she asked Halbert.
	Halbert was embarrassed. His son only cared about his daughter-in-law. He also wished that his son could follow his words. But he was already relieved when seeing his son not that lunatic.
	"I am his parent, but you are his leader. He will definitely listen to you when he is outside." Halbert smiled awkwardly.
	Amy nodded. It seemed that this explanation was reasonable. If Richard dared to disobey her, she would immediately dismiss him.
	Halbert had a small talk with Amy and then left. He had nothing to say to his daughter-in-law, but he wondered why Amy pretended not to know him.
	Amy found a place to sit and rest with Richard staying aside with her.
	"Sit down. People will think I'm bullying you if I keep you standing like this. Sit there." Amy pointed at the place opposite her and asked Richard to sit. When he stood in her back, she felt like he was a servant in ancient times.
	"Alright." Richard then sat down.
	Just as he sat down, Kevin brought Hannah over.
	"Miss Newell, I'm sorry. Let me introduce myself again. I'm the one in charge of the Smith Group in this city. My name is Kevin Smith. This is my wife, Hannah Adams." Since Amy had lost her memory, they couldn't force her too much. The only thing they could do was start over again.
	Andy also walked over. Everyone had pushed Amy too hard just now, and now they could only come slowly.
	"The juice is nice. I've tried it. Miss Newell, would you like some too?" Andy came with two glasses of kiwifruit juice in his hand. The green color looked very cool.
	When Amy saw that these people were surrounding her again, she was really afraid that they would say something that she didn't understand.
	However, when she saw the kiwifruit juice in Andy's hand, she really wanted to drink it.
	Amy reached out and took the kiwifruit juice from Andy's hand. She took a sip of it. It was thick and had a taste mixed with sour and sweetness. Quite delicious.
	"Miss Newell, you have just come back. Maybe you still don't get time to eat delicious food and have some fun. Why don't we meet someday and let me treat you?" After being reminded by Kevin, Hannah was much calmer now. She knew that she scared Amy.
	"I'm not free recently. I still have a lot of things to deal with since I have just come back. Maybe a little longer." Amy did not refuse Hannah. Actually, she wished that she could come out to have fun with someone, but not only with Richard. If there were some more people, it would be nice. However, she wasn't familiar with them, so she was a little hesitant.
	"Alright, let's talk about it later. Just focus on this place now. We have a lot of delicious food here at the reception. Shall we go and get some?" Hannah invited Amy.
	Amy looked at Hannah. Since Hannah was inviting her so enthusiastically, she couldn't stay indifferent. So, she agreed and go to the self-help area with Hannah.
	"She forgot everything, so we can only start over with her. It's good that she forgot about the past." Andy said. He still remembered the heart-wrenching scene.
	"It's all my fault. I wasn't with her when she was the most desperate. It's also good that she lost her memory. I want to give her a brand new me." Richard was totally confident at this time.
	Andy glanced at him. He didn't know if Amy would fall in love with Richard again. Could he also try once?
	Kevin was very open-minded, "Come, let's have a drink. It's been a long time since we've gathered together. It is a happy day. Amy is back. Nothing is better than this."
	The three men clinked glasses and continued to chat.
	"Miss Newell, look at this sashimi. It's so fresh." Hannah picked up some seafood sashimi for Amy.
	"You, too." Amy also served Hannah with some sashimi when she saw the salmon. As Amy did this, Hannah looked at Amy gratefully.
	Amy subconsciously remembered what Hannah liked to eat, which was what Hannah thought.
	They got two large plates full of food. And Hannah was still introducing Amy to the delicacies of R City. Of course, they were the delicacies that Amy liked to eat back then. Although she had lost her memory, her taste definitely hadn't changed.
	"Mrs. Smith, the food you talked about is all very tempting to me. When are we going to eat them?" Amy's interest rose.
	Hannah carefully asked for Amy's opinion, "Alright, then we'll go out together. I have a good female friend. Can I bring her along too?"
	Female friend? That was okay. Amy just didn't know if there were any differences in their habits.
	Seeing Amy hesitate, Hannah hurriedly said, "She is also very cheerful. You can try to meet her once. If you don't like her, we won't bring her next time, okay?" Hannah thought of Hilary. Hilary did not know that Amy was still alive and came back. If Hilary knew about it, she could be the same as Hannah, excited and happy. In that case, Hannah felt that she should warn Hilary.
	"Alright then. I just came back and don't have any friends. I can try to meet with her."
Chapter 209 Plan a Trip
	Dexter returned from the exhibition. When he left, he took Allen with him, because he wanted to take Allen out for fun and become more intimate with him.
	Dexter knew since childhood that he had an older sister in China, but he didn't know why he was separated from her. His parents always told him that when his sister returned, he should be nice to her.
	Dexter was already prepared to welcome his sister home. At the reception hosted by Dalton, when his mother told him that Amy was his sister, he was very excited.
	Although Amy did not know that she had such a younger brother, he already treated Amy as his sister.
	Then he didn't know what was going on and his parents brought his sister back. His sister lost her memory, but as long as she returned home and stayed with her family, it would be fine.
	"Mom, uncle took me to a funny place. Uncle has magic power. He casually moved a pen on the paper and many beautiful things came out." The moment Allen saw his mother, he couldn't stop praising his uncle to his mother.
	"Then do you want to be as powerful as your uncle?" Amy picked up Allen and kissed his cute face.
	She didn't see Allen for a long time. She also missed him. When she was in France, Allen never left her.
	"No, I want to be like mom." Allen shook his head. Although his uncle was very amazing, he felt that his mother was very tired. He wanted to be like his mother so that he could share the work with her in the future and reduce her burden.
	"Be like mom? Why?" Amy didn't expect that Allen would want to be like her. How tired he would be!
	"Mom, you're so tired. I want to help you." Allen was a good boy. He knew that he didn't have a father, but he never asked Amy where his father was.
	There must be a reason why mom didn't say it. He could wait until she wanted to tell him.
	"Good boy. I'm not tired. I'm happy to do it for you." Amy hugged Allen. She was very touched. He didn't cause any trouble for her since his childhood. He was very smart and sensible, but Amy felt very sorry for him.
	Other children all had fathers, but Amy did not know who Allen's father was, nor did she know why she was pregnant. But it didn't matter. After having Allen, she felt that all her efforts were paid off.
	"Amy, I might have to go out for another two months. I'm going to take my students to sketch. They are going to graduate, so I can't bring Allen with me this time. Then you will be tired to take care of Allen by yourself." Dexter said apologetically to Amy.
	"No problem. I brought him by myself to France. There are so many babysitters at home. Don't worry. You just go. Don't worry about us." Amy also knew that Dexter was very concerned about her. During these years in France, Dexter often went to see her and Allen. Others even thought that he was Allen's father.
	"Alright, then I'll go," Dexter told some things to people at home before he left with relief.
	"Allen, do you want to go out?" She didn't contact Allen kindergarten yet. At this moment, they were still on vacation, so Allen could only spend time on books or toys at home.
	"Yes, but forget it if you don't have time," Allen said yes first, but he felt that his mother was busy, so he added.
	"I work overtime this week, and I will take you out on weekend, okay?"
	"Really? Great." Although Allen was sensible, he was only a four-year-old child after all. When he heard that he could go out for fun, he was still very happy.
	To keep the promise to Allen, Amy worked overtime every night during that week and dealt with all the things. When she worked overtime, Richard did not go back. He stayed with her all the time, and he bought or cooked dinner and a night snack for Amy to guarantee her nutrition.
	"You don't have to work overtime with me. I have something to do. You can get off work on time." Amy said to Richard. She was a little embarrassed that he accompanied her every day.
	"I'm an assistant. You are still working. How can I go back? Then can I still be the assistant?" Richard knew why Amy worked overtime. Perhaps she was not very familiar with the company since she just came here. He knew of Amy's talent in business, but she might not have to work so hard.
	"Alright. Help yourself. I'll deal with a few more documents. Give me a cup of tea." Seeing that Richard was not leaving, Amy did not force him anymore.
	Amy lowered her head and worked while Richard sat quietly beside her.
	"Is there any place fun for children in R City?" Amy suddenly remembered and asked Richard.
	"I don't know yet. I can ask someone else. I'll ask it right away." Richard immediately went out and asked.
	Seeing that Richard went out, Amy concentrated on her work. It was almost done, so she could take Allen out for two days this week.
	Richard quickly came in. He wrote down what he got on a piece of paper and then placed it on Amy's desk. He sat quietly on the side and began to plan the trip.
	At eleven o'clock in the evening, Amy finished her work. She stretched and rubbed her eyes. Then she took the note on the table and looked at it.
	"I made a route map. Take a look. If you think it's appropriate, I can arrange it." Richard said to Amy.
	"I think it's pretty good, but you don't go. I'll go with Mrs. Smith." Amy directly refused Richard.
	Richard didn't expect that he would be refused. But he wasn't angry. 'You dislike me, but I wouldn't dislike you. I can always find a way.'
	"Alright, then I'll tell Mrs. Smith and ask her to get prepared. Miss Newell, when are you going?" Richard walked to Amy's side and gently massaged her shoulders.
	Amy was not accustomed to being touched by a man.
	But she soon felt very comfortable. She often worked overtime and had many problems with her shoulders and neck. As Richard massaged her, she gradually relaxed.
Chapter 210 Get Ready for an Outing
	After Richard massaged her, Amy relaxed her shoulders and body. She felt that his touch was not disgusting.
	"I'm going out early on Saturday and coming back on Sunday. We will go out for two days. I'll drive. Tell them to wait for me somewhere. I'll go pick them up." Amy closed her eyes comfortably.
	"Alright, then what should I prepare? You can tell me and then I can inform them." Richard wanted to know what Amy would do. If she was going to have fun or have something. And why she asked what children liked? Could it be...? Thinking of this, Richard shook his head again. It was impossible.
	"Bring some clothes for change. I'll stay outside for a day. I can prepare everything else. There's no need for anything else." After Amy finished speaking, she stood up.
	"Alright, I've finished my work. I'm going home to rest. You can go back as well. Remember to tell Mrs. Smith." Amy picked up her bag and left her office.
	When Amy returned home, Allen already fell asleep. Amy gently kissed his little face.
	"Mom, you're back?" Allen suddenly woke up. He rubbed his sleepy eyes. Seeing Amy, he immediately sat up and hugged her neck.
	"Yes, you can sleep first. Mom will take a shower and then I'll stay with you." Amy hugged her son and rubbed his hair. Allen's hair was curly and brown, just like a foreign child.
	"Alright, Mom, love you." Allen kissed her mother on the face and got into bed to wait for her.
	On Friday night, Amy checked all the things she should bring. After making sure that she prepared everything, she carried Allen downstairs.
	"Allen, mom will take you out tomorrow. You should go to bed early today. We will set off early tomorrow morning. We will stay for two days and stay outside for the night. Are you excited?" Amy said to her son.
	"I will live there for a night. That's great." Allen had never lived outside with his mother before. The outside world was really strange to him.
	"I heard from an uncle that it's a very beautiful place. We can climb mountains, play with water, and eat barbecue." Although Amy wasn't very interested in barbecue, Allen should be very happy about these activities.
	"Mom, I'm looking forward to it. That's great. This uncle really finds a good place." Allen's eyes lit up with joy when he heard that there were so many activities.
	Allen got up early in the morning. Then he put on his clothes and washed his face. He ran down to the kitchen and saw the cook making breakfast and what they were going to bring.
	Amy asked the cook to bake some snacks and pasta. The cook also made porridge. Amy did not like to eat outside, especially red food. She disliked it very much.
	When Amy woke up, she didn't see Allen. She knew that he was so excited and he couldn't sleep. She smiled and put on black sportswear. After washing up, she went downstairs to look for Allen.
	"Mom, granny already prepared everything. Here they are." When Allen saw his mother, he pointed at the things on the table.
	There were cakes, bread, and some glutinous rice desserts. They looked very appetizing.
	The two barrels were also filled with porridge. One was fruit porridge, and the other was five-grain porridge. Some disposable bowls were also prepared.
	After breakfast, Amy went to pick up Hannah with Allen and a lot of food.
	Hannah carried a backpack and some things in her hands. Hilary already walked back and forth several times.
	They all saw Amy after she came back, but she was the only one who didn't. It was really unfair. She was eager to see Amy.
	Finally, the red Maserati drove over and Hannah touched Hilary.
	"The person you want to see is here. Don't be too enthusiastic later. She will be scared. Richard said that we should start over as if this is the first time we meet. Do you understand?" Hannah warned Hilary again.
	She knew Hilary very well. She was hot-tempered. If she frightened Amy later, she might never go out with them again.
	"Yes, I see. I see. I'm just memorizing what I should say. When we meet for the first time, we always have to be polite." Hilary hurriedly nodded.
	"And when you see Richard and the others there, don't expose that you already know it. Be surprised. Do you hear me?" Hannah felt that she was really worried.
	"Yes, I remember." Just as they finished speaking, Amy's car already arrived.
	"Miss Newell, good morning." Hannah greeted Amy politely.
	At this time, Hilary only smiled bashfully and didn't say anything.
	"This is my friend, Hilary. Hilary, this is Miss Newell." Hannah introduced them to each other.
	"Hello, Miss Newell. Nice to meet you." Hilary also acted quite well.
	"Hilary, Hello. Mrs. Smith, you can get in the car. My navigation has been set up. We will arrive soon." Since Amy could not find the way, Richard set up the navigation for her, so she could just follow it.
	"OK, thank you, Miss Newell." After finishing speaking, they got in the car.
	Before they could sit tight, someone in the passenger seat greeted them with a sweet voice.
	"Hello, aunts."
	Hilary and Hannah looked at each other. What was this sound? Did it sound when someone got in the car?
	Allen was tied to a safety chair and they couldn't see him.
	"Miss Newell, your car is quite special." Neither of them discovered Allen.
	"Hello, aunts." The pleasant voice sounded again.
	"Alright, hello." Hilary and Hannah felt that if they didn't answer, this voice would keep sounding. So they hurriedly replied.
	Then that voice didn't appear anymore. Amy did not know whether they saw Allen or not. She concentrated on navigation. She was not very familiar with this journey, so she paid special attention to it.
	Seeing that Amy did not say anything, Hannah and Hilary also kept silent. The current Amy was different from before. Although they wanted to know what happened, they could not be in a hurry. They could only start from the very beginning.
Chapter 211 Amy Has a Child
	Finally, they arrived at their destination. This was a large resort. From the entrance, they could see the decoration with local characteristics. The door was decorated with flowers of all colors, and they could smell a fragrance from afar.
	"Alright, we're here." After more than two hours' drive, they finally arrived safely. Amy drove the car in and followed the waiter to park at the entrance of the reserved room.
	Here were many different houses, like Chinese style, pastoral style, villa, and so on.
	Amy booked the villa area. There were several suites in a house, and they lived in three suites.
	After getting out of the car, they moved their things. At this time, Allen jumped out of the car and helped Amy.
	Hilary and Hannah suddenly saw Allen. What a beautiful child! Seeing him helping Amy move things, they teased him.
	"Kid, you look so pretty. Are you a waiter here? The waiters are so pretty now. Then we will come here often." Hilary liked Allen so much and she wanted to hug him.
	Hannah also liked him. She wanted to kiss him.
	"Didn't we come together just now? I even greeted you when you got on the car." Allen held his suitcase and stared at the two aunts.
	Were these two aunts stupid? They greeted each other in the car, but they even said that he was a waiter here.
	Then Hannah and Hilary were dumbfounded. When did they come together with this child? Why they didn't know?
	"Oh right, did you say hello aunts?" Hannah finally remembered.
	"Yes, was there anyone else?" Allen was really speechless towards these two aunts. Didn't they notice him even though he spoke?
	"I really didn't notice you. What a lovely baby! What's your name? "They forgot their luggage and asked Allen together.
	Amy ignored them and moved her things in first.
	"My name is Allen. Aunts, what are your names?" Allen stretched out to smooth Hilary's hair on her face. That action pleased Hilary.
	"You are so sweet. My name is Hilary, and this aunt's name is Hannah." At this time, Hilary was so happy and she even wanted to tell him the names of all her family.
	"I can tell him by myself. You robbed me of the chance to talk to the handsome guy. I hate you!" Hannah warned Hilary with a smile.
	"You're already married. What chance do you want? I'm still single." Hilary explained her advantage.
	"Auntie, you are much odder than me." Hearing Hilary's words, Allen hurriedly dragged his suitcase and left. That aunt was pretty, but she was too old. He did not like her.
	Hannah looked at Hilary and burst into laughter. Seeing that Allen escaped, she really couldn't stop laughing.
	"Alright, if you don't go, I'll leave." Seeing that Amy carried all the things up, she hurriedly went to carry the rest.
	Amy was still the same as before. She liked to help others. Although she did not remember anything, she did not change.
	They teased Allen for a long time, but they did not realize that he was Amy's son. Perhaps in their minds, Amy was still a girl.
	"Mom, are we going to sleep in this room?" Allen held Amy's hand and pointed at a room.
	"Yes, we live here." Amy nodded. In this villa, all people shared a living room and a kitchen. They lived in separate rooms.
	"Mom?" Hannah and Hilary were dumbfounded again. Did they leave in such a hurry today and become stupid? Their brains and hearts couldn't react to such breaking news.
	"Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot to introduce you just now. This is my son, Allen. They are my friends." Amy thought for a moment and felt that it was better to call them friends.
	Hannah talked with Hilary for a while. Then they returned to Hannah's room and closed the door.
	"What happened just now?" Hannah didn't regain her senses.
	"Amy has a child, but who is his father? Did Amy get married again abroad? Then what about Richard?" Hilary was also puzzled.
	"I will call Richard. I can't think of a way to solve this problem." Hilary hurriedly took out her phone and called Richard.
	"What? Amy has a child. He's already several years old?" On the other end of the line, Richard was also shocked. That day, Amy asked him to find a place for children. He didn't expect that Amy would have a child. What was going on?
	"What's wrong? Your expression is strange." Kevin looked at Richard's expression and felt that it was terrifying.
	They already arrived at the resort ahead of schedule, but they lived far away from the girls. They could pretend to meet them by coincidence.
	"Amy has a child. He's already several years old. Did she get married again after going abroad?" Amy lost her memory. She definitely didn't know that she was married. If she met a bad man, she might be tricked.
	Richard put the phone aside and didn't know what to do.
	"What are you afraid of? Aren't we going to meet them later? We can see what the child looks like, and we'll know. What if he's adopted?" Kevin comforted Richard.
	Richard thought it seemed to be the case. Ever since Amy came back, he didn't see her date with any man. Neither did any man come to see her. Perhaps the child was just adopted.
	But at this time, he really wanted to see what this child looked like.
	They ate what Amy brought for lunch. She took out all the things she prepared. Hilary and Hannah looked at the delicate food and forgot about Richard's worries. They ate a big meal.
	Allen was very elegant when he was eating, which was different from Amy. Amy ate very quickly, so did Hannah and Hilary. They ate as if they had to rob it.
	Allen slowly ate the snacks on his plate and ate the fruit porridge. Seeing them eating, he frowned slightly. He thought that only his mother did not look good when eating, but it turned out that adults all ate like this!
Chapter 212 Father and Son Meet
	"Amy, why did you bring so much food? We only brought milk and snacks here." Hilary took out the snacks she brought and shared them with Amy.
	"I am good but thank you. I've already brought some. I don't want my children to eat too many snacks and I can keep the milk." Amy looked at the snacks and didn't give them to Allen. She fed him a lot of milk, so he could be tall and strong.
	"Hi, Miss Newell, you've been back for so long. Did your husband come back with you?" Hilary wanted to know more about her for Richard.
	"Call me Amy please," Amy said to them.
	They had also wanted to call her Amy long ago, but they were afraid that Amy would get angry.
	"My husband is abroad. He stays there to take care of my parents who are there for treatment." It was embarrassing for Amy to say that she was pregnant before marriage. They looked cute, but not very smart, so she lied to them.
	"Oh. You two are in different countries now." Hilary knew that Amy had remarried. What could Hilary do? What could Richard do?
	"Alright, you finished your food. I'll go wash the dishes. Allen, bring the fruit to them." Amy was about to go wash the dishes.
	"No, we ate your food and we'll do the dishes." Hannah and Hilary took the dishes and went to the kitchen to wash them.
	Amy felt that they were quite interesting and simple, and it was quite comfortable to get along with them.
	Amy did not have any friends abroad. She spent all her time on her work. Only now did she felt that it was pretty good to have friends.
	"Amy, let's take a rest. It will be warmer in the afternoon, and we can go swimming. The swimming pool here is very clean. There's also an area for children. Allen can have fun." Everyone felt drowsy when they were full. After more than two hours' drive, they were also a little tired.
	"Alright, then let's take a rest. We'll gather in the living room at three o'clock and then we'll go swimming together." After driving for two hours, Amy also felt a little tired.
	Then, they all went to nap. Allen put on his colorful pajamas, lay into Amy's arms, and soon fell asleep. He got up too early in the morning and was very sleepy at this time.
	Amy and Allen fell into a sound sleep, but next door, Hannah and Hilary couldn't sleep. They were still discussing whether to tell Richard that Amy was married.
	"I don't think we should tell Richard. Let him find out by himself. Then he will give up. He won't believe us anyway, so I don't think we should say anything," Hannah told Hilary.
	"But if I don't say it now and he finds out later, will he blame me?" Hilary said worriedly.
	Hannah continued, "You can pretend that you don't know. Why can't you keep it a secret? I think your brother would definitely go crazy if you tell him. If he finds out by himself, he wouldn't blame anyone else."
	In the end, they agreed not to tell Richard. They would play dumb and let him find out on his own.
	"When Mr. Miller passed away, we weren't there, so she forgot about us. I feel sorry for her." Hilary recalled that when she heard the tragic news, they all went to find Amy, but she had disappeared.
	"Is Amy really Mrs. and Mr. Newell's child? Why haven't I heard of her before?" Hilary asked Hannah.
	Hannah grew up with Amy. Hilary thought that she should know.
	"I don't know. When I was little, I knew that Amy had no mother but only her father. Her father loved her very much. He never got married again because he was afraid that the stepmother would treat her badly, just like her aunt. When Mr. Miller was rich, she asked him for money. Later, when he went bankrupt, she took over Amy's mother's house." Hannah kept talking about the past.
	They chatted until three o'clock, and then they just got up.
	Everyone gathered in the living room with their swimming equipment. Allen was so happy to hear that they were going swimming. He never swam before. He just watched other children learn to swim with the help of their fathers. His mother was too busy to teach him.
	The water in the swimming pool was so blue and clean. It made people feel very calm.
	Wearing a pair of colorful swimming trunks and a swimming ring on his waist, Allen looked like an experienced swimmer. No one would know that he had never even been in a swimming pool.
	"Come here. Come to Mommy." Amy knew that this was new to him. She asked him to stay close to her. She got into the water, and then slowly carried him down.
	When Allen first got into the water, he felt a little scared. However, he felt warm and comfortable in the water. Slowly, he wasn't scared anymore. He could even float on the water with the swimming ring on his body.
	Amy could swim well, but she didn't know how to teach her son. She gave up and just let him play in the water. Anyway, with the swimming ring, he would be fine.
	Allen swam for a while. Amy wanted to go to the bathroom.
	"Hannah, Hilary, please watch Allen for me. I'm going to the bathroom," Amy said to them.
	"Alright. We'll be fine here," they answered.
	"Hey, little buddy, you can't swim, can you? Do you want me to teach you?" At this time, a handsome man swam to Allen and asked him.
	"You? Will you teach me how to swim? But I don't know you." Allen was alert to strangers.
	"It's fine. I'm Richard, your mom's assistant. Hannah and Hilary know me." Richard extended his hand to Allen.
	"Oh, my name is Allen. Nice to meet you." Allen also stretched out his little chubby hand.
	They had a handshake.
	"Richard, are you a good swimmer? My mom is too busy to teach me. I can't swim." Allen now completely trusted Richard.
Chapter 213 I Keep My Job
	Richard took Allen out of the swim ring and held him in his arms. He had never taken care of a child like Allen, so Richard was extremely careful, trying hard not to hurt him.
	"Come on, Allen. I will hold your belly. Remember to move your arms and kick your legs in the water, just like what you saw on the TV. Take your time." Richard said. He was fond of Allen at first sight. Allen's black eyes were shining like diamonds in the water, so pure and sweet.
	"Alright." Allen did it with his imagined posture as Richard described.
	"Good job!" Allen seemed glad of Richard's praises, and he learned it quickly.
	When Amy came out of the bathroom, she saw people standing beside the kiddie pool. She hurriedly walked over and saw Allen swimming. The person who taught Allen to swim was Richard.
	'Why is he here? Stalking me?' Amy was a little unhappy. She jumped into the water and swam over.
	"Richard, why are you here?" Amy hugged her son and asked Richard.
	"Miss Newell, it was my responsibility to arrange your trip. As your assistant, I'm supposed to be here." Richard offered a reasonable explanation.
	"Mom, he is a nice coach. I can paddle now!" Allen put in a good word for Richard. It was not good to see his mother being too mean.
	Amy was listening to her son while looking around. It seemed like Allen had attracted everyone's attention. Kevin was here too, but he didn't swim. He was one of the interested people.
	"Alright, I'll give you a task. You must teach Allen how to swim until he can swim on his own. If not, you won't bother coming to work next Monday." Amy needed an excuse to dismiss Richard.
	"Okay, but you can't meddle in my teaching. If you did and Allen failed to learn swimming, it's on you." Richard had confidence in Allen. He knew that Amy wanted to find an excuse to get rid of him. He would not let that happen.
	"Deal! Let's go." Amy walked away with Hannah and Hilary. She could have a good time with two girls since Richard helped looking after Allen.
	"Come on, Allen. If you can't learn it, I will lose my job. My family is counting on me to make money." Richard said pitifully to Allen.
	Allen touched Richard's face with his chubby hand and said. "I'll do my best, Richard. Don't worry. If you lose your job, I can give you money." Allen's words made Richard want to sob.
	Allen's features were defined, but Richard couldn't tell who he looked like. It was not a good idea to ask too many questions. Allen was a smart child.
	In order not to have Richard lose his job, Allen learned hard. With his talent and Richard's teaching, Allen could finally swim a little bit.
	"Mom, I can swim!" With Richard's help, Allen could swim towards Amy.
	Allen swam in front of Amy to prove that he could swim. However, he became fatigued very soon.
	"Miss Newell, I've completed my task. I won't lose my job, right?" Richard's face was filled with triumph.
	Richard and Allen smiled at each other.
	Even though Allen needed more practice, Amy was content with her son's effort. She could not dismiss Richard this time.
	But Richard wouldn't be so lucky next time. Ways to fire him were plenty. Amy wasn't worried at all.
	"Well done. You can come to work next Monday."
	They felt tired after swimming, and the barbecue was ready.
	Amy didn't order a barbecue. She thought they would have had Chinese food today.
	"The resort owner said the barbecue was for free. Our consumption has reached a certain level, so we can get an extra bonfire party tonight." Richard said.
	Richard looked at Kevin, and Kevin nodded at Amy.
	"It is so kind of him," Amy said to Richard.
	"It's nothing." Kevin hurriedly said. Kevin owned the resort.
	Amy looked at Kevin strangely. Kevin immediately realized that he almost gave away a secret.
	"We pay, so he serves. It's fair enough." Richard said to Amy.
	Hannah and Hilary did not know that the resort belonged to Kevin, nor did they know what they were talking about. They only wanted to help Richard chase after his wife.
	They sat around and enjoyed their barbecue cooking. There were also performances of folk dance on the stage. They ate barbecue, drank beer, and watched wonderful performances. All of them had a good time.
	Allen ate a few kabobs, which he never had before. 'What a nice day!' Allen thought.
	"Richard, let me help you." Allen and Richard hit it off. Allen liked to be with Richard. They were even closer than Allen to Amy.
	"Thank you, Allen! Could you help me sprinkle seasoning?" Richard picked Allen up.
	Allen did it seriously.
	When the meat was done, Richard cooled it down and gave it to Allen. Allen ate the one with seasoning on it. It smelled good.
	"Allen, don't eat too much meat. It's not good for digesting." Amy was a little worried about her son.
	"It's fine. He must be exhausted by swimming. I'll take him for a walk when he is done. Don't worry." Richard didn't think that was a big deal.
	"One more!" As Amy was about to lose her temper, Richard hurriedly compromised. A mother always knew her child better than others. Richard could not take care of a child from a bachelor's point of view.
	Amy was satisfied with what Richard had done, so she stopped glaring at him. Richard was clever. If it wasn't for what happened that day, he would be a good assistant.
	"Miss Newell, please help yourself. They are tasty, with not too much fat. I put a lot of chili peppers on it, and I'm sure you'll love it." Richard roasted a plate of meat and brought it over to Amy.
Chapter 214 Go Hiking
	That plate of meat seemed delicious. Amy couldn't help but eat it. The meat was soft and tender, which was finger-licking good, especially with spice on it.
	"It tastes really good," Amy said sincerely. However, it was more than a compliment. She intended to let down Richard's guard.
	"I'll go get some vegetables for you. They are tasty too. However, Allen cannot take the spicy food as you do. I'll cook separately." Richard was running around, but he found it meaningful.
	He didn't care who Allen's father was. He loved Allen.
	"Allen, can your father cook?" Richard whispered to Allen.
	"My Dad? I don't know. Chefs cook for us." That sounded reasonable. How could Allen know whether his father could cook if Allen had never seen him?
	But Richard misunderstood Allen. From Richard's point of view, what Allen meant was that they didn't need to cook.
	"So, what do you think of my cooking?" Richard asked.
	"I like it! It would be great if I could enjoy your cooking every day." Allen's corner of the mouth was filled with grease.
	Richard felt high-spirited with Amy and Allen's praises.
	At the end of the dancing performance, dancers walked down and invited everyone to dance together.
	Everyone danced around the campfire hand in hand. Richard danced too, with Allen on the left and Amy on the right.
	Holding their hands made him sweat. He was afraid that Amy would let go of his hand.
	But Amy didn't. Her attention was on dancers. She imitated the dancer's movement and danced well.
	They planned to go hiking the next morning, so they were ready to leave when they were done eating.
	Allen fell asleep. Richard carried him on his back and slowly walked towards the villa.
	Amy followed behind him. She had no idea where Hilary and Hannah had gone. Richard and Amy were like a couple, which made Amy feel awkward.
	"Mr. Carter, I can take Allen back by myself. I've got used to it." Amy said.
	"Miss Newell, I'm your assistant and this is my job. Don't worry. I'll take Allen back and then leave." Richard had kept mentioning his title as her assistant.
	It was a logical explanation, but she felt something was wrong.
	Richard put Allen on the bed. After taking off Allen's clothes and shoes as well as tucking him in, Richard left.
	Although Richard was clumsy, Amy felt touching.
	'What are you thinking? He is so nice to me just for something. Stop thinking of him!' Amy shook her head. She needed to put him out of her mind.
	Allen was so sleepy the next morning that he snoozed when getting dressed and having breakfast. To keep Richard's job, Allen kept learning swimming, which had exhausted him.
	"Amy, let's take turns. Allen will wake up soon." Hannah suggested. It would be tiring to carry Allen on her back. Amy would be worn out.
	"Thanks, but I'm fine. But if I get tired, please do me a favor." Amy refused at first, but she didn't want to turn down the kindness.
	Amy got sensitive skin and was particularly 'attractive' to mosquitoes, so she deliberately wore long trousers and sportswear. She also applied mosquito repellant to Allen. After that, she carried Allen on her back and set off.
	Not surprisingly, Richard and Kevin had been waiting for them.
	Early in the morning, there was a mist at the foot of the hill, but it wasn't cold. Amy surprisingly noticed that Richard was holding a thin blanket in his hand.
	"I knew Allen was going to sleep. Let me carry him. Allen would need to be wrapped up warm. Otherwise, he might get sick." Richard held up the blanket and said.
	Richard thought a lot. He was moved by Allen yesterday. Allen kept learning to swim, so Richard wouldn't lose his job. That was why Allen learned it so fast.
	Last night, though Allen was sleepy, he insisted on finishing the meat Richard cooked for him.
	Richard felt that Allen was as kindhearted as his mother.
	"No need, I can do this." Before Amy could finish her words, Allen had been carried over by Richard.
	Amy thought the sudden movement would wake Allen up, but it didn't. Allen snuggled into Richard's embrace and looked even more comfortable.
	"Thank you," Amy said to Richard.
	Without Allen on her back, Amy felt much better. She took her baggage from Hannah and sped up her pace.
	When they reached the mountainside, the sun came out, with its golden light splashed onto the trees, grass, and wildflowers, everything looked vibrant.
	"Let's take a rest before we set off for the peak," Kevin suggested. Even though they needed to take a roundabout route, it was easier to walk on.
	The road ahead was steeper, but it took less time.
	"Good idea! We can eat something to recharge." Hannah and Hilary agreed.
	Kevin laid the tablecloth on the ground and took out the food he had prepared.
	Amy brought food too, including the dishes she cooked yesterday.
	There was a lot of food. They didn't eat too much at breakfast. After climbing for more than an hour, everyone felt a little hungry.
	"Food! I can't reach the peak if I don't eat something." Hilary was extremely excited as she saw the food.
	Everyone enjoyed their food. Richard cradled Allen in his arms. It seemed that Allen was extremely tired.
	"What are you guys eating? Can I have some?" The noise woke Allen up, who was supposed to sleep tightly.
Chapter 215 Richard, Do You Have a Girlfriend?
	They had a meal and disturbed Allen. The little boy was also hungry. Before Amy could carry Allen in her arms, Richard had started feeding him.
	Allen and Richard got along well. They fed each other intimately.
	Amy felt jealous about it. Her son was never close to her like this. Was she so busy that she didn't have enough time to stay with him?
	"Allen, will you continue to sleep later?" Richard stuffed Allen with a snack and asked him.
	"No. We're going to climb the mountain today, aren't we? Why haven't we started yet?" Allen didn't know where he was. He could only see that this place was quite flat.
	"We're already halfway up the mountain. After a rest, we'll climb to the top of the mountain in one go and experience the different scenery." Richard was amused by Allen.
	Why was this child so cute and attractive to him? Perhaps because Allen was Amy's son, his love for Amy extended even to Allen. Richard explained to himself like this.
	Allen looked surprised. He only slept for a while. How could he be halfway up the mountain?
	"I'll climb by myself." To make up for the regret, Allen decided to climb the mountain by himself to have fun.
	"Alright. You can climb by yourself later." Richard touched Allen's little face. The boy's skin was so tender that Richard wanted to hug him and kiss him.
	The food wouldn't go far when there were many people to feed. So they soon finished up most of the food.
	The weight of their backpacks was reduced because they had eaten much food, which made it easier to carry the backpacks. Now everyone could climb the mountain with a light pack.
	When they rested, Hannah and Hilary took a lot of photos with Amy. Looking at Richard and Allen, Kevin even wanted to have a child because Allen was very good-looking.
	After resting for a while, they packed their things and prepared to march towards the top of the mountain.
	"Allen, we're leaving. Are you ready?" Richard asked Allen loudly. Only when he was with Allen would Richard never look cold.
	"Yeah, let's go." Allen was so excited. At this time, he had almost recovered and was looking forward to enjoying climbing the mountain. He had never climbed a mountain before.
	Richard stretched out his hand. Then Allen put his small hand into Richard's, and they began to move forward hand in hand.
	Amy was completely ignored by her son. Hannah and Hilary were snickering behind her.
	To catch Amy, Richard did so many things and even treated her son so well, Hannah and Hilary thought.
	Richard had asked his people to investigate what happened to Amy when she was in France. There was no result yet. But his love for Allen came from the bottom of his heart.
	Although Allen was a little boy, he could endure hardships. His short legs stepped on the mountain path and sometimes slid down. But he never cried. He just picked himself up and continued climbing.
	To maintain the resort's natural scenery, Kevin did not build stairs on many mountain roads. He didn't want these roads to be so urbanized.
	Actually, there were many interesting things in the resort, but he didn't tell Amy all about it this time, for he wanted Amy to come back next time.
	When Allen finally felt tired and couldn't move anymore, Richard held Allen up and put him on his shoulder.
	Allen had never been with his father. So he felt so happy at present. He found that being with Richard was much more fun than being with his mother. However, he did not dare to tell to his mother because she would be sad.
	When they finally reached the top of the mountain, many people's legs were trembling. But the beautiful scenery on the mountain made them feel that it was worth it.
	"Wow..." They shouted at the valley, dispelling the pressure in their hearts.
	Allen also imitated the adults and shouted. The child's voice made Richard's heart soft.
	"Amy, let's take pictures. Look at the beautiful scenery over there. There are beautiful flowers and fog everywhere." At the top of the mountain, there was still a thin mist in the depths of the forest, like a fairy dressed in a veil.
	Seeing that her son did not want to join her, Amy felt that it was better to have fun separately. It was normal that her son wanted to be with Richard. Ever since Allen was born, he had never seen his father. The only man he was closely related with was Dexter.
	But Dexter was reserved. He often taught Allen to draw cute things and brought him to art exhibitions, but he never took Allen to play in nature.
	"Mr. Carter, please take care of Allen. I'll go to take pictures with them." Amy said to Richard and then followed Hannah and Hilary to have fun in the depths of the forest.
	"Richard, I feel that you seem to be Allen's father." Standing behind Richard and Allen, Kevin was very envious when he looked at them.
	"Allen, do you like Richard?" Kevin teased Allen.
	"Yes. But I like you, too." Allen was a honey-lipped boy. Everything he said made the surrounding people very happy.
	"How did your mother teach you? You're so clever and never offend anyone. Allen, which one do you like, your father or Richard?" Kevin teased him again.
	"I like them both." Allen's answer was impeccable. Although he never saw his father, Allen believed that it was because his father had a lot of things to do.
	"Oh my god. This boy will be cleverer when he grows up. He's too likable, and must be good at comforting girls in the future." Kevin kept praising Allen.
	Richard felt very proud at that time as if Kevin was praising his son.
	"Do you both have a girlfriend?" Allen thought for a moment and then asked Richard and Kevin.
	"Yes. Hannah is my girlfriend. Do you think my girlfriend is pretty?" Kevin teased Allen.
	"Yes, she is very pretty. Richard, do you have a girlfriend?" Actually, Allen was most concerned about Richard. He hoped that Richard didn't have a girlfriend. Could he introduce his mother to Richard if he was single?
	"Me? That's hard to say. I have been married before..." Before Richard could finish his words, he heard screams from afar. "Help!"
Chapter 216 Blood Phobia
	When Richard was going to tell Allen about his former marriage, he heard someone shouting for help in a distance. So Richard and Kevin ran towards the direction the voice was from. Richard did not forget to take Allen under his arm.
	Following the scream, they found the right place. They saw Amy lying prone on the ground and dragging Hilary who was half-hanging over the cliff.
	Hannah was hugging Amy's legs from behind and shouting for help.
	Richard put Allen down and let Hannah take care of him. Then he pulled Hillary up together with Kevin.
	Hilary was so frightened that her face paled. She lay on the ground as soon as she came up, like a dead body.
	"What's going on?" Richard wiped the sweat off his forehead. It was not easy to save her from the cliff.
	Amy comforted Hilary and handed her a bottle of water.
	"We were here to take photos. Amy and I both stood at that position to take photos, so it might be loosened. When Hilary stood over, the land split. Fortunately, Amy managed to grab Hilary. Or she would have fallen down the cliff!" Hannah was so scared that her teeth were trembling.
	"Hilary, are you okay?" Richard raised Hilary, but the girl's face was still pale.
	"It's better now. Thank you, Amy. If it weren't you, I might have died." Hilary was still quavering. Amy held her in her arms and comforted her.
	"Kevin, look at the place. I think you should fix it or rebuild it. If there's an accident, you will take the whole responsibility." Richard said seriously.
	Kevin checked the place and it was really dangerous. He thought he would have to set a warning sign here.
	"I am so sorry! I will go fix it immediately." Kevin nodded. If anything happened today, he couldn't shy away from the responsibility.
	All of them focused on Hilary. No one noticed that Amy's arm had been grazed to bleed, even Amy herself.
	"Mom, you're bleeding." Allen, in Hannah's arms, saw the blood dripping down Amy's arm.
	Hearing that, Amy hurriedly looked at her arm. It did hurt, but she didn't expect the injury to be so serious. When she saw the blood on her hand, she immediately fainted.
	"Amy, Amy." Richard went to Amy upon seeing her faint.
	"Don't worry, Mr. Carter. Just wipe the blood off my mom's hand. She doesn't like to see blood." Allen said to Richard.
	Richard immediately washed the blood off Amy's arm and hand with the mineral water. Then he tore off a piece of his shirt and bandaged her arm up.
	Given some water, Amy woke up and then she went to see Hilary. Knowing she was all right, Amy felt relieved.
	"Amy, what's wrong with you? You scared me." Hilary had been scared out of her wits. If Amy fainted because of her, she would feel guilty.
	"I'm fine. I have blood phobia. It is alright now. I am sorry to trouble all of you." Amy felt sorry because everyone was worried about her.
	"Blood phobia?" Richard was a bit surprised. Amy never ever had blood phobia. Since when did she have it?
	"It's all right. We are all right. Let's get out of here." Amy stood up. She was still dizzy. Every time she saw blood, it would remind her of a scene full of blood. But she didn't know what it was, and then, she would faint.
	"Alright, let's get out of here." Hilary also got up at once. She almost lost her life here. It was so terrifying.
	After the danger, everyone became silent. Kevin was so sorry for all that had happened, so he gave a suggestion.
	"Now we will get out of here and have lunch. After lunch, I'll take you to an interesting place."
	"I don't want to go anywhere. I am scared to death. I need to go back and have a good rest." Hilary was no longer interested in anything. She almost died.
	"I'm not going, either." Hannah felt the same as Hilary. She was frightened, twice. Rather than going somewhere else to have fun, all she wanted now was to sleep.
	With this, Kevin lowered his head. He did not expect such a thing to happen.
	After going down the mountain and having lunch in the restaurant, they went back to their own rooms.
	Allen wanted to be with Richard, but he didn't dare to tell his mother about it.
	"Miss Newell, I think you should have a rest now. I will help you to take care of Allen. He slept too much today. I don't think he wants to sleep now."
	"Mom, I don't want to sleep anymore." Allen nodded. He felt that Mr. Carter really understood what he wanted.
	Allen clung to Richard. But Amy had been used to it. Anyway, they were here for fun. Amy let it be. However, she wouldn't allow Allen to be like this after they came back. Richard was really considerate to kids, even Allen liked him so much.
	"Alright, you can go with Mr. Carter. I'll go back to rest." Amy waved her hand, letting Richard take care of Allen. Now she could have a good rest.
	The three women had gone back to bed. They would be back in the city later, so they should have a good rest.
	Richard took Allen with him and went to a mud pond to catch fish while following Kevin.
	The mud pond wasn't very deep, the water just reached Allen's calves. There was a lot of fish and loaches inside. It would be interesting.
	They were carrying baskets and catching fish. As Allen laughed, the two adult men were infected by him. Both their face and their clothes were covered with mud and it was hard to recognize them.
	When seeing a fish, Allen sneaked after it. However, it was cunning. At first, it didn't move, but Later, when Allen was about to catch it, it rushed into the mud. Missing it, Allen fell down. From face to feet, Allen was all in mud.
	Yet Allen was still very happy. He enjoyed himself in the pond.
	It was late so Richard got Allen out of the pond. He had to clean up him right now. Or Amy would fly into a rage because Allen was covered with mud and no one would recognize him, even his mom.
Chapter 217 You Shameless Bitch
	Amy saw he was covered in mud but didn't recognize him.
	She also saw that Richard was carrying something in. But she did not give it too much thought and thought it was something interesting for Allen.
	It was a hard job for Richard to clean up Allen. He had never bathed such a child before. The problem was that Alley didn't just sit in the tub quietly but splashed water on Richard with great merriness.
	So after finishing bathing Allen, Richard was wet. He put Allen on the bed and quickly took a shower. When he saw Amy, he knew that she did not recognize Allen.
	It was almost dinner time. They planned to go downtown and have dinner in a hotpot restaurant.
	"Mom, I'm here." Amy looked around but didn't see him. It turned out he was in a small blanket, with his hair wet. It seemed he had just taken a bath.
	"Where are your clothes?" You had it just this morning.
	"It's broken. Mom, find me another one." Allen got his head pulled out of the blanket in Richard's arms with a childish smile. Amy had never seen him smile so happily before.
	Soon Amy changed Allen's clothes. Thinking that Alley lost his shoes, she was wondering what they had done this afternoon.
	But she didn't want to ask. It was okay as long as he was happy.
	"Let's go. You go ahead because you are slower. We'll just follow behind." Richard said to Amy.
	They left the resort and returned to downtown.
	Allen was singing French songs in the car with his body swaying back and forth as if he was enjoying it.
	"Allen, did you have a good time?" Hilary asked Allen.
	"Yes, of course," Allen answered without hesitation. It was the first time he had done things like this, and he even didn't want to leave.
	"Then would you like to go with me if I take a trip?" Hilary was creating more chances for Amy and her brother to be together. She didn't know if Amy had remarried, but she always saw Amy as her sister-in-law. It was just that Amy had some misunderstanding with him.
	"Okay. But I need my mom's permission." Allen agreed happily. But he thought for a moment and found that he had to get his mother's permission. He looked at Amy.
	"OK. I'll give you more trip time" Seeing he was hopeful, Amy couldn't bring herself to say no.
	Amy felt that she had changed since she came to China. When she was in France, she had to work. If she did not, she would feel uncomfortable and panic.
	But she didn't have that kind of feeling when she was with them these days.
	Instead, she felt very comfortable, as if she had been mentally and physically relaxed.
	When they made it to the hotpot restaurant, they parked the car. Allen got off and went to Richard's side. They went to the restaurant automatically hand in hand.
	"Allen, do you want to go with me?" Amy was jealous of Richard. Why was his son stoned with him in just a few days?
	Thinking that she had brought up him for four years, she felt jealous.
	"Yes, but I need to go to the bathroom with Mr. Carter," Allen answered.
	Amy had no choice. After all, she couldn't bring Allen to the women's restroom.
	Amy gave up. Forget it. She wouldn't stop him as long as he was happy. After all, having fun was the most important thing.
	Staring at the steaming hot pot and the fresh dishes around him, Allen widened his big eyes.
	"Mom, how to eat them? Do they go with the soup? The soup smelled good, but it was difficult to drink it."
	"Nope. If there is something you want to eat, just put it in the soup and boil it. Then you can eat it when it's cooked." Hannah explained.
	Amy didn't need to worry about anything because everyone treated Allen so well. She felt so relaxed.
	"Okay, then I want that green thing." Such a special way to eat made Allen's mouth water.
	"Alright, I will boil it for you." Everyone was taking care of Allen, and he was so full that his belly looked round.
	They got good seats which were next to the street. So they could watch the crowd coming and going while eating. They all enjoyed this.
	Sophia noticed that Allen was standing on a stool and looking at a sugar gourd seller outside when she came in. But Allen did not realize that she was watching him.
	That boy looked like Richard when he was a child. He was so pretty. Sophia looked down and found Richard, Hilary, and the others. But who was that woman?
	Seeing it was Amy, Sophia was stunned. Amy had been missing for five years. But why was she with Richard?
	Who was that boy? No, she couldn't allow Amy to come to the Carters again. Since she was out of the Carter family, she wasn't qualified to come again.
	After Sophia saw Amy, she soon went to her private dining room and called someone at once.
	Kevin bought some ice-sugar gourd for Allen. This beautiful thing made his mouth water. He took a bite and found it was so delicious that he ate up it soon.
	"Mom, this is yummy." Allen felt that everything here was delicious and fun. He liked this place and these people very much.
	After the dinner, it was time to separate. Richard drove Hannah and Hilary back, and Amy drove Allen back home.
	"Mom, I'm so happy. I like them." Allen felt sleepy as he did not take a nap. Despite so, he was still thinking about Richard.
	"Does Mr. Carter have a girlfriend?" Before he fell asleep, Allen was thinking about it.
	Then he fell asleep. Amy parked the car, and the nanny picked up Allen. Amy went into her study at once. She felt awkward because she hadn't worked for two days.
	After work, Amy went to the street to buy some milk for Allen because he was out of milk.
	She got off the car and walked into a baby milk powder store, which she could find the milk powder Allen drank.
	After finishing purchasing, Amy was about to leave but someone grabbed her arm.
	"Stop, you shameless bitch!" Someone was about to hit Amy, and her hand soon would stroke Amy's face.
Chapter 218 A Shopping Adventure
	Amy was about to walk out of the store when she was pulled by someone who wanted to hit her. With the powdered milk in her hand, she kicked the person to the ground.
	Now it was the rush hour after work. People nowadays seemed very bored and quickly surrounded them to watch the fight.
	"You bitch! You seduced my husband. How dare you hit me here!" That was a pretty woman. She was sitting on the ground and began to cry.
	"Wow, the mistress is getting more and more aggressive now. She even dares to hit people on the streets."
	"Yeah, it's horrible. She looks quite pretty and turns out to be a mistress. How shameless!" People beside them began to judge Amy.
	As Amy glanced coldly at the two people who were talking, they felt a little scared. How come this mistress daunted them?
	That woman was still crying, but Amy wasn't in the mood to argue with her. She didn't know the woman anyway and the woman must have taken her for someone else. Amy was about to leave.
	"You can't leave. You owe me an explanation. Why did you seduce my husband, bitch?" The woman immediately grabbed Amy's leg.
	"Your husband? Who is your husband? Are you sure you found the right person?" Amy had no other choice but to ask her.
	"Yes, I'm sure that was definitely you. I've seen photos of you. You guys, take a look and see if this is her." The woman even showed the evidence. She took out her phone and there was a photo on the screen, of Amy with a man. The man was Richard. They were eating hotpot together that day.
	"Is this man your husband? Are you sure?" Amy looked at the photo. It was taken when they were eating hotpot together. Things like that were normal, but this woman accused Amy of seducing her husband.
	"Of course. We're living under the same roof. How can I make a mistake?" The woman stood up and said loudly to the crowd.
	"That's right. How can she make a mistake about her husband?" Bystanders all helped the woman.
	"I think you want men so badly. He is Richard Carter and his father Halbert runs the HD Group. You sure he's your husband? You are way out of his league." Amy ruthlessly made a mockery of the woman.
	The woman didn't know Richard. Someone paid her to get Amy into trouble.
	"That's right. This man is Richard, my dream guy. You are not his wife. You're actually crying for the moon!" When the bystanders saw the man in the photo clearly, they all laughed at the woman.
	In R City, there were plenty of women who wanted to marry Richard, but he was an ordinary guy within the girl's reach. At the very least, she needed to have a pretty face.
	The woman panicked. The man who had asked her to get Amy into trouble did not say anything about who he was. If she knew that the man in the photo was Richard, she would not have come.
	"I, I..." The woman couldn't escape. She was already blocked at the door by the people she had drawn on.
	"How shameless! You even want to start a rumor with Richard. Live under the same roof? You sure it isn’t a sex doll?" Now people turned to criticize the woman.
	The woman had no choice but to nudge her way out of the crowd.
	Seeing the woman leave, people walked away. They had thought it was to reckon with the mistress, but it turned out that Amy was framed because of her beauty. However, it was still interesting.
	Many people posted photos of the accident on social media, and soon the discussion was all over the place.
	What was wrong with the manners of the people in this city? How could such a thing happen? Amy felt it disgusting. However, Richard was truly a headache for Amy. From what people just said, he seemed to be lots of women's dream guy.
	Holding the powdered milk, Amy walked into the underground garage to get the car.
	Suddenly, a fragrance came from behind. A person soon walked in front of Amy.
	"Amy Miller! You're still alive?" Sophia looked at Amy. It really bothered her that Amy was as beautiful as before.
	"Sorry, my name is Amy Newell. Are you unhappy that I'm not dead? Who are you?" Amy looked at Sophia who must be behind the accident just now.
	"You don't know me? I'm Sophia!" Sophia did not know that Amy had lost her memory and thought that Amy looked down on her.
	"Are you a celebrity? Why haven't I heard of you? A president of some company?" Amy sneered at Sophia. A nobody like Sophia didn’t get to talk to her.
	"Amy Miller, stop playing the fool. Let me tell you, don’t think you can be a Carter. It's not gonna happen! As long as Grandma Eva is still alive, you won’t get it," Sophia said triumphantly.
	"A Carter? Why would I want to be one? Very funny." Amy thought that this woman was crazy. When did she want to be a Carter? She hated Richard and never thought of marrying him.
	"If you don't want to marry him, then why did you come back? And your child. Don't think that you can get what you want with your child. Let me tell you, Amy, that it is not gonna happen. Forget it." Sophia was pissed to see Amy being so calm.
	‘Why hasn't she give any response to what I said? She is so shrewd that I can’t figure her out at all.’
	"Ma'am, if you don't have anything else, please get out of my way. I'm going home. If you stop me again, I'll call the police," Amy said bluntly.
	Sophia wasn't afraid at all. She didn't let Amy go anyway. She had to make it clear that Amy should stop thinking about Richard.
	Sophia put her hands on the belly and pretended to have a stomachache. She thought that there was no surveillance camera here, but an invisible surveillance camera just captured everything.
Chapter 219 The Truth
	The supermarket was always filled with people and more likely to have accidents. So the police came very soon. They saw Sophia hugging her stomach on the ground when they arrived.
	"Are you all right? Did you call the police?" When the police arrived, they all thought that Sophia called the police. Amy stood aside, her leg being held by Sophia.
	"No, I called the police. Sir, this woman hugged my leg and refused to let me go. I don't know what to do." Amy said to the police.
	"You called the police? But..." The young policeman looked at Amy and blushed. This woman was really pretty. But the woman on the ground was clearly in great pain. What exactly was going on?
	Now one older policeman, who just parked his car, walked over. He took a look and squatted down to ask Sophia if she needed any help.
	"This woman hit me just now. My stomach hurts so much." Sophia lied shamelessly.
	"Miss, she said that you hit her." The policeman said to Amy.
	"If you buy her words, check the surveillance camera then. If the truth came out that I didn't hit her, I will sue her for slandering me and require an apology on the public media." Amy looked at Sophia. Sophia dared to trick her in such a low way. Sophia really overestimated herself. However, Sophia couldn't figure out when she offended others since she had just been in R City for a short period.
	When Sophia heard about surveillance camera, she immediately raised her head to take a look. To her understanding, there was no surveillance camera around her. She had carefully observed the surroundings just now before doing such a thing.
	"Okay. If you didn't hit me, I'll apologize to you. If you hit me, I'll call a reporter and a lawyer. You have to give me an explanation." Sophia insisted on her version of the story. She just confirmed again that there was no surveillance camera.
	This was a conflict between the two women. The police were in a bit of a dilemma. They had no other way to tell who was right and who was wrong.
	"This is the only way. Take both of them away and have the owner of the supermarket bring the surveillance tapes to the police station. Let's find out what happened first." The older policeman gave out a solution at last.
	Then both Amy and Sophia were taken into the police car to the police station.
	Sophia covered her stomach and looked at Amy with a confident look. 'Amy, you are the one asking for the surveillance tapes. But sometimes things would not go as you expected. There's no surveillance camera there. So there's no evidence to disprove that you hit me. I'll see how you explain later.'
	The policeman called a doctor to check Sophia's wound. Sophia started to cry in severe pain in the police station, saying that her stomach was hurting badly and demanding to go to the hospital.
	Therefore the police had to send Sophia to the hospital for examination. Amy called home and said that she would be back later.
	The hospital examined Sophia for a long time without finding anything wrong. Since Sophia felt constant pain, they thought that she might suffer from soft tissue injury.
	The doctor prescribed some medicine for Sophia but did not ask her to be hospitalized. There was no need.
	In any case, Sophia had the hospital certificate of her soft tissue injury, wanting to pay Amy back.
	When she came to the police station again, the surveillance tapes of the supermarket were also sent here.
	The surveillance footage covered the entire underground garage. After looking at several videos, the police still did not find the two.
	In the last video, only the image of the two entering the supermarket was captured. Other than that, there was nothing about the hitting.
	"I knew it. She must have known that there was no surveillance camera in that place. So she did what she wanted to do to me. I'm really miserable. I just wanted to have a word with her. I didn't expect to be beaten up. I have my own dignity. I can't be beaten up just like that. Shouldn't you apologize to me now?" When Sophia saw that all the surveillance footage was watched and that there was no scene of the two arguing, she became even more aggressive.
	"If my memory serves me well, there is a hidden surveillance system in the underground parking lot of the supermarket. Didn't you bring that with you?" Amy asked the person who sent the surveillance tapes from the supermarket.
	"I did. I didn't think it was necessary, so I didn't take it out. It's here." The man took out the last set of surveillance footage.
	He didn't know what was going on and thought that those videos were enough. He didn't expect that the video of the hidden surveillance camera was also needed.
	At this moment, Sophia's expression changed. How could she not know about a hidden camera?
	When the police played the video, Sophia couldn't sit with ease anymore.
	"Are you sure it's the video of the underground parking lot? Can't it be somewhere else?" Sophia said to the employee.
	"Of course not. I'm the one who manages the surveillance of our supermarket. How could I be wrong?" When the man was questioned, he was immediately unhappy.
	"Sir, please hurry up. I still have to rush back." said the man to the policeman.
	The hidden surveillance video happened to capture the whole event from beginning to end.
	In the video, Amy had been standing. Her hands were holding milk powder, and her feet had not moved. The whole event was self-directed by Sophia.
	Especially when Sophia fell in the end, everyone could tell that she was faking it. The two policemen were very angry. They saw Sophia's act and thought that she was beaten up. They never thought that they would be tricked by this woman.
	"Sir, it's not like this. That hidden surveillance camera must be a fake." Sophia stopped them watching the video several times, but didn't succeed, so she could only defend herself.
	"This is the surveillance video. How could it be fake? You're acting quite well. You're really scheming." The person who sent the surveillance camera despised Sophia badly.
	"Alright, you can take surveillance cameras back. Miss, it's not right for you to joke around with the police. We have a lot of things to deal with every day. Don't joke with us." The two policemen also felt annoyed.
	"No, I just had a sudden stomachache. I thought she hit me. But it wasn't. I'm sorry, sir, I'm sorry." Sophia apologized to the police smartly.
	"Alright then. There's nothing else. You can go back." The policeman felt sullen as he was fooled by a woman for no reason.
	"Wait a minute. I was the one who called the police because this woman stopped me from driving my car. But you insisted that I hit this woman. I said at that time that if this woman wronged me, she would have to apologize to me on the public media." Amy refused to end this peacefully.
	The two policemen had no other choice. They were at the side of Sophia earlier, so they naturally had to give Amy a satisfying result now.
Chapter 220 Who Is Stronger?
	The police wanted to promote disputes between the both being mended soonest. But at this time, Amy did not agree. She kept silent, but it did not mean that she was a pushover. She wasn't going to let Sophia go easily.
	"Alright then. Just do as you said. Madam, apologize to this lady." The policemen didn't want to interfere anymore, so they let Sophia apologize to Amy.
	However, Sophia was reluctant. She didn't want to apologize to Amy. She was the wife of the second young master of the Carter family. But the Miller Group was bankrupt. Amy was just an abject person now. She couldn't apologize to Amy.
	Sophia raised her head. Originally, she wanted to frame Amy, but she failed. However, it didn't matter. She knew that Amy had returned, and she would let Amy pay for her actions sooner or later.
	"Alright, I have to go. You can deal with this matter slowly. But I don't have time for this." Sophia smoothed her disordered hair and wanted to leave.
	The police didn't stop her. Apology didn’t fall within their jurisdiction. They couldn't force Sophia to apologize.
	"Alright. I sue this woman for slander right now. Then she has to stay in the police station, right? If you can't accept and hear this case, then I will go to court to file a lawsuit. I have the video, and you are witnesses. My evidence is very sufficient." Amy said to the two policemen.
	If Amy accused Sophia of slandering her, the police would have to deal with it. But Sophia didn't take it seriously.
	"Sue me? I am the wife of the second young master of the Carter family. If you dare to detain me, you will have a hard time staying in R City!" When Sophia heard that Amy was going to sue her, she was not afraid. The Carters had a good relationship with the police. Amy could not do anything to her.
	"Mind your own business. I'll call my lawyer." Amy originally wanted to let Sophia go. She didn't know Sophia, but Sophia was always trying to pick on her.
	Amy made a phone call and soon, someone called the two policemen.
	After the two policemen answered the phone, they immediately changed their attitudes.
	"Miss Newell, I'm sorry. We were being clumsy. We didn't recognize you. You are truly wronged." The older policeman immediately served a glass of water for Amy.
	"Miss Newell, please take a seat. You are going to sue Sophia for slander, right? We will make a registration immediately. We will investigate as soon as possible, and will definitely give you a satisfactory answer." After the police finished talking to Amy, they turned to Sophia.
	"What you have just done constitutes slander. If you had apologized to Miss Newell, she would let you go. However, Miss Newell has accused you. We will immediately collect evidence." The policeman did not show any mercy to Sophia.
	"Do you know who I am? I am the wife of the second young master of the Carter family. How dare you! I will call the Carter family's lawyer." When Sophia saw that Amy had called someone, everything had turned around. She was very unwilling. The Carter family had the best lawyer in R City, so she did not believe that she could not defeat Amy.
	After Sophia made a phone call, the Carter family's lawyer quickly arrived at the scene. He worked for the Carter family and was very well-known in R City. Since Sophia had been wronged, he would definitely deal with it.
	The lawyer came to the police station. He looked at Amy arrogantly. However, when he saw Amy's face, he was frightened.
	This woman was Richard's wife. She was the former vice president of the HD Group. She seemed to be the president of the Newell Group now. She had just been in the newspaper a while ago. This person was even more awesome than Halbert, the current president of the HD Group.
	"Miss Newell. Is there anything I can do for you?" The lawyer changed his attitude, which made Sophia very unhappy.
	"Hey, you are my lawyer. Why didn't you help me? The Carter family paid you. She's just a temptress!" Sophia was very angry.
	Sophia cursed Amy, which made Amy impatient and angry.
	Amy walked over and raised her hand to slap Sophia.
	"Who is a temptress? You are ugly, and you are jealous of others. Are you abandoned by your man? If not, why are you being crazy like a mad dog?"
	"How dare you slap me?" Sophia covered her face. She wanted to fight Amy, but was stopped by the lawyer and the police. This woman was truly too ignorant and deserved to be beaten up.
	"Ms. Sophia. You can choose to apologize to Miss Newell or to be detained for a month." The police subdued Sophia.
	Sophia shouted, "She is not Miss Newell. She is lying to you. She is Amy Miller."
	"You're really ignorant. You don't even know Miss Newell of the Newell Group." The lawyer looked down on Sophia and said in a low voice.
	Sophia didn't say anything at this time. 'What? Amy is the president of Newell Group? Does this woman really get Dalton to fall in love with her? Dalton even gave her the whole group. She is a temptress!'
	After Sophia learned of this news, she became silent. The Newell Group was not something anyone could offend, let alone the president of the Newell Group. The HD Group had spent a lot of effort trying to cooperate with the Newell Group. She heard from her father-in-law, Halbert, about this matter recently.
	"I'll apologize to Miss Newell. I'll publish it in the newspaper and publicly apologize to Miss Newell on TV." The HD Group had finally cooperated with Newell Group. If she messed up, then Halbert wouldn't let her go.
	"Alright then, Miss Newell, what do you think of this matter? What else do you need her to do?" The lawyer was very respectful towards Amy.
	"Forget it. I don't want to make too much of a fuss. Just teach her a lesson." Amy waved her hand. She had no interest in arguing with such a woman. Sophia was too ignorant, childish, and stupid.
	"Thank Miss Newell for being lenient. Ms. Sophia, say sorry to Miss Newell." The lawyer was helping Sophia, but Sophia was an idiot, so she couldn't tell.
Chapter 221 A Pregnant Woman
	Although Sophia apologized to Amy in the newspapers and on TV, Sophia did not say why she did that. Therefore, everyone thought Amy forced Sophia to apologize.
	Therefore, everyone in R City had a bad impression of Amy now. They thought Amy bullied Sophia.
	A secretary gathered some of the comments in the newspaper and online and showed them to Amy.
	Amy didn't take it seriously. She just told her secretary to post a video online.
	Now people in R City could spill the tea. They were all searching for the woman in the video. Although the video was not very clear, some people knew what had happened at that time. Especially when people saw Sophia fall and pretend to have a stomachache, everyone was very angry.
	Very quickly, people found the woman in the video was Sophia. And another person who had been wrongly accused was also found. It was obvious that Sophia was lying.
	Sophia did not expect Amy to use such a method, nor did she expect that the supermarket belonged to the Newell Group. That video had captured her, so Sophia could not even deny it.
	After the video was posted on the Internet, Sophia did not dare to go on the streets for a long time. As soon as she went out, there would be people guarding the door and throwing eggs at her.
	"Sophia, why haven't you been out for a long time?" Normally, Sophia liked to go shopping. She didn't like to be with Grandma Eva in the house. She looked down on Addy and thought Addy couldn't help her. Now, Grandma Eva still had the final say in the family, but the whole house was full of a strong flavor of rural life.
	Grandma Eva found it strange that Sophia had been watching TV at home these past few days.
	In this family, only she and Addy stayed here. The others would not come back unless they had to.
	"Grandma, it's been a long time since I've been with you and Mom. I want to stay at home with you." Sophia rolled her eyes and made up a lie.
	Recently, the people who surfed the internet would know about Sophia. However, Grandma Eva and Addy were uncultured and did not know how to surf the Internet, so they did not know anything about Sophia.
	"Sophia is a good girl. She is willing to spend time with us at home. Right now, this house is too deserted." Grandma Eva sighed.
	When she first arrived, Grandma Eva felt that the house was quite lively. However, after she had been here for a few years, the people in the family rarely had returned. There was only her and Addy in the big house. It was no difference from being in the countryside except that someone was cooking for them.
	"Grandma, I want to stay at home with you. However, my friends always let me go out with them. I feel embarrassed too. Grandma, it's all my fault. I should spend more time with you and Mom." Sophia hugged Grandma Eva's arm and acted coquettishly.
	It worked for Grandma Eva and she thought that Sophia was the best daughter-in-law.
	If it wasn't for the fact that Amy suddenly disappeared back then, it wouldn't have caused Allison to miscarry. If Allison hadn’t miscarried, she would have become a great grandma, and there would be more vitality in the house.
	"Sophia, when do you plan to have a baby? You and William have been married for so many years, but you still don't have a child." Grandma Eva no longer cared about Sophia's feelings. She asked Sophia why she didn't have children.
	Sophia was also anxious. She wanted to give birth to a child to be the eldest grandson of the Carter family, but she failed. After so many years, she still didn't have a child.
	"I don't know either. I am also anxious." Sophia did not dare to tell Grandma Eva that she had aborted several times.
	She had an operation, so William treated her so well. William thought that she was a virgin, and didn't know about her past.
	Sophia did not tell Grandma Eva that she had seen Amy. She did not understand when Amy Miller had turned into Amy Newell. She would tell Grandma Eva after she investigated it.
	"You guys should hurry up. The sooner you have the baby, the better. You are in your thirties. If you don't give birth to children now, you will become an old mother." Grandma Eva was in her eighties, so she itched to get a grandchild.
	"I see. But I just have a little pocket money. I can't eat anything good. How can I have a baby?" Sophia took the opportunity to ask Grandma Eva to give her more pocket money.
	Grandma Eva said, "This family will be yours sooner or later. You should eat something good. I'll give you an extra allowance. I'll give you 40,000 a month. I'll also let the cook rationalize your diet. If you don't have children now, it'll be late."
	Everyone in this family was used to living in clover, but she was used to the hard life. They definitely weren't used to living with her. Grandma Eva also knew that this family didn't lack money, and didn't need her to save money.
	"Really? Great! Grandma, I knew you were the best. I will definitely give birth to a great-grandson for you." When Sophia heard that her pocket money had increased by 10,000, she was very happy. Now, her life could be even more colorful.
	She had been at home for a long time. Looking at the pocket money on her account, Sophia wanted to go shopping, especially to go back to the White's.
	Sophia drove her car and was about to return to the White's. The Carter's wasn't far from the White's. She just needed to cross the city.
	Looking at the things that she bought for her family, Sophia was especially happy. She liked the feeling of being valued at home. Her sister-in-law was a snob. If she did not take the things back, she would be laughed at by her sister-in-law.
	When the traffic light was red, Sophia stopped at the side of the road and watched the pedestrians walking on the pedestrian crossing.
	The traffic light was about to turn green. When Sophia started the car and was about to leave, she seemed to see William, who was holding a pregnant woman's hand.
	The car behind her honked at her. Sophia had to leave. However, she parked the car by the side of the road and called William to see if the man was William.
	"Hey, William, where are you?" Sophia acted coquettishly to William.
	"I'm working in the company. Darling, what's the matter? You miss me? I'm almost done. I miss you too." William said to Sophia.
	"I'm near your company now. I'll go to see you." After Sophia finished speaking, she hung up the phone.
	The person just now must be William. Sophia was very familiar with his walking posture.
	William pulled the pregnant woman. As he finished calling, he was nervous. Sophia wanted to go to the company to pick him up, so he immediately called a person who was in the company.
Chapter 222 The Gullible Sophia
	Sophia rushed to William's company aggressively. Just now, she was sure that the man she saw was William. Didn't William keep saying that the person he loved the most was she? What was the relationship between him and the pregnant woman?
	"I'm looking for Mr. Carter." William was the general manager of the branch, so Sophia liked to call William Mr. Carter in front of others.
	"Who are you? Mr. Carter went out to deal with an urgent matter just now. It seems that something happened to an employee. Can you just wait a moment?" The receptionist was new and she didn't know Sophia.
	"What happened to the employee? Alright, I'll wait for him here." Sophia sat on the sofa in the hall. She wanted to see what William wanted to do.
	"Secretary Clark is really lucky. Mr. Carter is so kind. He even personally sent her to the hospital. Other than Mr. Carter, ordinary general managers would definitely not care about such a thing." The few receptionists started to talk about their boss when they were free.
	"Secretary Clark's husband? Secretary Clark has been pregnant for so long, but he still let Secretary Clark continue to work. It is time for Secretary Clark to rest at home. If I married such a man, I would definitely be very angry. Mr. Carter is so caring. His wife is so lucky to marry him." They said William was as kind as God.
	The voice was neither loud nor small, and it just so happened that Sophia could hear it.
	'What? They meant that William had gone to do good deeds?' Sophia heard the conversation among the women.
	"What are you talking about? Does Mr. Carter send someone to the hospital?" Sophia stood up and walked in front of the receptionists again, asking.
	"No! We didn't say anything. Don't talk nonsense. Mr. Carter loves his wife the most. He's afraid that his wife will misunderstand him. You must have heard wrongly." The receptionists hurriedly covered their mouths.
	When Sophia heard what they said, she was very happy regardless of whether it was logical.
	'So that was it. William thought too much. I was not narrow-minded. He did that to draw the employees below in. I understood this.'
	"Sophia, you're here. Let's go up. What are you doing?" William greeted Sophia and then asked the receptionists deliberately with a long face.
	"We didn't do anything. We just work here. Mr. Carter, this lady is looking for you." The receptionist pointed at Sophia and said to William.
	"This is my wife. Remember! The newcomers don’t know you. Let's go, Sophia. I have something for you." William's words made Sophia dizzy.
	"My God! She is Mr. Carter's wife. She's too beautiful. She is a perfect match for Mr. Carter." The receptionists looked at Sophia again, panicking.
	Sophia smiled. She was a very beautiful and graceful woman. She felt that the words of the receptionists were too pleasant to hear. She nodded elegantly at the receptionists.
	The receptionists kept praising Sophia, thinking that they would receive the bonus. Originally, they were going to get off work. But the overtime was well worth it. They would receive a huge sum of hush money. They were very happy.
	William pulled Sophia upstairs and went to his office.
	"Sophia, what's up?" William pretended not to know anything.
	"It's nothing. William, I saw you crossing the street with a pregnant woman just now. I thought you had an affair. I didn't expect you to do something good. I almost misunderstood you. I'm sorry, honey." Sophia hugged William's waist.
	"It's okay. You love me so much that you're worried about me. That pregnant woman fainted when she was reporting to me. I sent her to the hospital for a check-up. She's not easy either. Her husband doesn't seem to have a high salary. She still has to work to earn money to pay off the mortgage." William observed Sophia's expression as he spoke.
	As expected, Sophia was tricked. She even began to comfort William, "I'm lucky to marry you. There's no need to worry about anything. Darling, I love you very much." Sophia liked William more and more. She had no chance to marry Richard, and she could only rely on William. William was at least the second young master of the Carter family. Although his wealth was not comparable to Richard's, it was many times more than the White family.
	William heaved a sigh of relief. He hugged Sophia, thinking that it was lucky to have a naive wife. If Sophia were smart, she would find he had an affair. Now it seemed that Sophia was not easy to get pregnant. He was healthy. He would be a father in a few months. His child was the eldest grandson of the Carter family. In the future, Grandma Eva would give his son a large sum of wealth.
	William and Sophia talked for a while before they left.
	Sophia told William that Grandma Eva gave her an extra 10,000. In the future, the diet at home would gradually improve. Grandma Eva said that it was for Sophia to pregnant as soon as possible.
	"There's no hurry. Sophia, as long as you're happy, I'll be very happy. I love you. You're important than anything else. You don't have to worry about the child." William was very considerate, and Sophia felt that she had a very good husband.
	"Darling, we've been married for many years. But I still don't have any children. Should we go to the hospital for a check-up?" Sophia said to William.
	"Yes. Do whatever you want. I will definitely cooperate with you." William kissed Sophia on the face.
	"Darling, you're so nice to me. Let's go have a health check next week." Seeing that Amy had a child, Sophia really wanted to have a child at this time. The Carter family still didn't have the eldest grandson. She could not let Amy enter the Carter family. Richard seemed to have been obsessed with Allison. Therefore, her son would be the eldest grandson of the Carter family.
	"Alright, we'll go next week." Seeing that Sophia had forgotten about it, William heaved a sigh of relief. After the baby was born, he would tell his grandmother. He liked Sophia. However, it didn't matter. It was normal for a man to have a lover outside. It was Sophia's fault. She couldn't have a child.
	The couple discussed it and drove back to the Carter's. Upon entering, they saw Grandma Eva and Addy sitting in the living room, as if something had happened.
Chapter 223 The "Angel" Sophia
	When Sophia and William entered the house, they saw Grandma Eva and Addy sitting in the living room. Halbert and Cathy were also there waiting for them.
	"Grandma Eva, Auntie, Mom, and Dad, what are you doing here?" Sophia was puzzled, seeing that everyone looked very serious.
	"Sit down," Cathy asked them to sit down first.
	Halbert looked at Sophia with disdain, making Sophia more confused.
	"Tell me, why did you apologize to Amy on TV and in the newspapers? And what's going on with the video that posted online?" Halbert questioned Sophia in a serious tone.
	At this moment, Sophia's heart beat faster. She thought she was over. Everything she did was known by the family. What should she do? If they knew that she provoked Amy first, they would definitely scold her.
	Sophia decided to make the move first, so she pretended to cry out immediately.
	"Please let me explain. When I saw Amy Miller, she said she was Amy Newell. I don't care what her name is. She is one of the members of our family, right? I wanted to persuade her to go home. However, not only did she not appreciate it, but she even scolded me. I wanted her to come back, so I apologized to her in front of the public. How did I know that she was so ungrateful? She knew my intention and then humiliated me." The louder Sophia cried, the sadder she became as if she said the truth.
	"Did you persuade Amy to go home? And she refused you?" Halbert felt it very strange. When he saw Amy, she didn't call him father. Instead, she called him Mr. Carter. It didn't look like she faked it, actually, she seemed to have lost her memory.
	"Yes, I told her that we all missed her and persuaded her to go home to see you and Grandma Eva, but she said that I was crazy. She said she already had a new family and would never return to the Carter's again." Sophia deeply immersed herself into her own story, trying to vent all the grievances she had suffered.
	At this moment, Halbert and Cathy were all in silence.
	Back then, when Stephen passed away, they did not come to the hospital to see him in the first place. However, after hearing the news, they already rushed to the hospital as fast as they could. But Amy had never appeared. It had been five years since she left. Why did she be angry with them?
	"So that's how it is. Forget it if she doesn't want to come back. The incident that happened back then was such a disturbing thing that even made Allison lose her child. There is still a sore spot in my heart. It's better if she doesn't want to come back. If you see her again in the future, just take her as a stranger. Don't ask for humiliation from her again." When Grandma Eva heard what Sophia said, she trusted Sophia without any doubt.
	"Grandma Eva, I just think that we are a family. Richard has been so sad after she left, which makes us all feel heartbroken. I think Richard will be happy if she comes back. If Richard is happy, then everyone in our family will be happy as well." Sophia said as if she was a kind-hearted "angel".
	William hugged the crying Sophia tightly. He had always hated Amy, and now he hated her even more. It was fine if she didn't come back. His wife tried her best to persuade Amy to come back, but in the end, Sophia had fallen for Amy's trap.
	"Darling, I know you're very kind, but don't interfere in such matters in the future. Obviously, it's thankless. Don't cry. It is bad for you." Although William already had a mistress outside, he still liked Sophia very much. Sophia was beautiful and was a pure girl since she married him. Although she was not a smart girl, he just liked her to be like this.
	"William, I feel that I have ruined everything. She asked me to apologize to her, so I did it. But she now still wants to ruin me; my reputation is ruined by her." Sophia said to William.
	"Alright. It's alright. We just wondered why you apologized to Amy in the newspaper and on TV. It turns out that you did this for our family. You are really a good wife." Grandma Eva comforted Sophia. Sophia did deserve more allowance; after all, Sophia cared about the family.
	"I have long known that Amy would bring bad luck to the family. Her father went bankrupt. A woman from a small family like her isn't worth us paying attention to." Grandma Eva still didn't know Amy's background, she had always thought that Amy was from an insolvent family.
	Halbert wanted to say something, but he didn't know what to say. As for why Amy had become the president of the Newell Group, he still hadn't figured it out.
	Cathy just heard that Amy had returned. She had never seen her, so she did not know if what Sophia said was true, so Cathy did not refute Sophia as well.
	Seeing that the entire family was supporting her, Sophia felt that she was a really good liar, and was getting smarter and smarter now. She even could confront Amy all by herself.
	Sure enough, after the conversations, the food in the family was getting better and better. Grandma Eva knew that the people in this family were very picky. Although it was hard for her, she still spent a lot of money every day for the family. As long as the people in the family came back often, she would feel very happy. Perhaps the family was always the first thing that the older cared for.
	However, two men made Grandma Eva very concerned. One was Jacob, who seemed to be very obsessed with Allison, and never took other women into his eyes.
	The other one was Richard. He was such an outstanding man, but he was so obsessed with Amy. How could the boys in the Carter family be all love fools?
	"Why haven't I seen Richard recently? What does he do every day?" Grandma Eva looked at Halbert and asked him.
	During these five years, Halbert was afraid that Richard would commit suicide, so Halbert always kept an eye on him. Halbert would accompany Richard to work and took Richard back home every day.
	However, he had rarely seen Richard lately.
	"He's in the office; he's very busy recently. He works overtime often." Halbert told Grandma Eva. In fact, he wasn't lying either. What he said was true. Richard did go to work, but he worked at Amy's company.
	"This is a good thing that he focuses on the work. He finally realizes that he shouldn't always do something stupid for a woman." Grandma Eva thought that Richard was working in HD Group. She was quite happy that Richard had realized what was important to himself now.
	Halbert didn't explain too much. He knew that if he said Richard went to the Newell Group, Grandma Eva would definitely go to the Newell Group to make some trouble. If that was the case, Richard would definitely get furious.
	Hearing that Richard had returned to HD Group, William felt a little nervous.
	The branch company had not been audited for the past five years. He thought that Richard would no longer be the president in the future, so he was getting more and more greedy. However, he misunderstood that Richard had returned to HD Group. He was very concerned that Richard would definitely audit the accounts. What could he do?
Chapter 224 Predestined Mother-In-Law and Daughter-In-Law
	"Miss Newell, there is a lady who wants to see you. She said that she is an old friend of yours. Do I have to invite her here?" The secretary pushed open the door and entered the president's office, asking Amy.
	"Old friend? Do I have old friends in R City? Since she said so, invite her in." Amy was quite interested in who the woman was. What kind of old friend was she?
	Cathy walked into Amy's office with light steps. When she saw Amy for the first time, she wanted to cry as well as laugh, which made her expression very complicated.
	"Miss Newell." Cathy had already been warned by her daughter not to show too much passion to Amy. It might scare Amy because she had already lost her memory and could not remember anything. Being too enthusiastic might make Amy uncomfortable.
	"Hello, Madam. Do we know each other?" Amy put down the pen and documents in her hand. She walked over and invited Cathy to sit on the sofa.
	"Yes, I am an old friend of yours. But you may not know who I am for the time being. Let me show you something." Cathy took out a bag of scented tea from her bag that she made herself.
	"Potpourri Tea? Madam, do you also study tea?" Amy liked tea very much. Now, there was a lady who liked tea as much as she did. Amy immediately felt close to this woman.
	"Yes, that's why I said we're old friends. Miss Newell, you and I will have much in common." Cathy was very confident in her behavior because she knew what Amy liked.
	"Madam, you are really interesting, but I want to know if there's anything else you want to see me about? It can't be that you're just here to talk about tea, right?" Of course, Amy knew that tea was not the only reason that Cathy came to her.
	"Miss Newell, you are smart. My name is Cathy. You don't need to call me Madam. Just call me Mrs. Carter. I do have something to ask of you." Cathy cut to the chase. She did come with a purpose today.
	"Tell me what that is." Amy liked Cathy very much and spoke in a very gentle tone.
	"Then I'll cut to the chase. Miss Newell, your assistant Richard is my son." Cathy said straightforwardly.
	"Really? Do you want to bring him back or do you want me to take care of him?" Upon hearing that this lady was Richard's mother, Amy lost her likeness to Cathy. She did not like Richard very much.
	"Neither. Miss Newell, I want you not to be mercy. If Richard does anything wrong, you can just scold or beat him up." Cathy said.
	Hearing this, Amy wanted to laugh. Was she really Richard's mother? Was she a stepmother? How could she ask others to scold or beat her child?
	"Madam, this is a strange request. Richard is my employee. I will treat him equally. If he does something wrong, I will definitely scold him." Amy felt that Cathy was a very strange mother.
	"Then thank you, Miss Newell. I hope Richard won't cause too much trouble. I don't have other things to give you. I made this scented tea myself and hope that you like it." Cathy took out a large pile of scented tea and placed it on Amy's coffee table. Immediately, the entire room was filled with a faint fragrance.
	"I like this very much. Thank you, madam." Amy saw the large bag of scented tea and was very happy. When Allen was just born, she still had time to make some scented tea. But after her father asked her to take over the properties in French, she no longer had time to make tea. So, she was very happy when she saw the scented tea that Cathy gave her.
	"Then I'll leave. I have no other things." Cathy only wanted to meet Amy and give her the scented tea.
	"Madam, wait a moment. I have something for you." Amy stopped Cathy and wanted to give her a gift as well.
	Cathy knew that although Amy had lost her memory, her character had not changed.
	Amy went to her lounge and took out a carton. She also brought some specialties from France. So this was a suitable gift for Cathy.
	"Thank you. I think we can be friends." Cathy said to Amy before she left.
	"Yes, I think so. Madam, I will do as you say. I will strictly require Richard." Amy assured Cathy who was leaving.
	Cathy took the things Amy gave her and left happily. She got in the car and called Richard.
	"Richard, I just went to see Amy," Cathy reported to Richard.
	"Amy? Mom, why did you go to see her? She's lost her memory now, so she can't be stimulated." When Richard heard that Cathy had gone to see Amy, he became anxious. He was trying to get close to Amy slowly. He didn't want his mother to ruin his plan.
	"I am not stupid. Your sister has told me about this. I know what not to do. Now you should worry about yourself. I asked her to be very strict with you. I told her to scold or beat you if you deserve it. You have to suffer all of it. Alright, I won't say anymore. I'm going back." After Cathy finished speaking, she couldn't stop laughing. Perhaps no one could compare to her when it came to being a naughty parent.
	Richard was speechless when he heard what his mother said. If he had a second chance to choose, would he still choose Cathy as his mother?
	After answering the phone, Richard found an excuse to go to Amy's office. He placed the flowers he bought into the vase in Amy's office.
	He looked around and didn't see where Amy put the scented tea his mother brought. It must have been in the lounge. Amy had a habit of putting everything she liked in the lounge. For those she didn't like, she would place them randomly.
	This meant that Amy was very fond of his mother's gift.
	"Mr. Carter, your mother came just now." Seeing that Richard was helping her put the flowers in the vase, Amy wanted to say something to thank him.
	"Really, my mother is here? Did she cause you any trouble?" Richard asked carefully.
	"No, she's nice. I think I'll be good friends with her. However, our relationship will not change because of your mother. I will be strict with you. This is also your mother's request." Amy was quite amused about this.
	"My mother has the final say in our family. Please do as she says." Richard also figured it out. This was one of his mother's strategies, which was to make him stay by Amy's side for a longer time.
Chapter 225 Tea Culture
	"Miss Newell, there's a very important meeting tomorrow. The mayor sent you an invitation. You have to attend it," the secretary said as she handed the invitation to Amy.
	"Oh, okay, I'll go." Amy put the invitation aside. She was not very interested in such meetings, but she had no choice but to go through the motions.
	The secretary still didn't leave.
	"Anything else? Just say it." Without looking up, Amy knew that the secretary had something to say.
	"Well, here is the thing. Miss Newell, Mr. Carter said it's time for your medicine." It was hard for the secretary to say this. But Richard went out and asked her to remind Amy to take medicine, but Amy had been busy, so the secretary felt a little embarrassed to say it.
	"What medicine?" Amy looked up in confusion. She was not sick. Why did she have to take the medicine?
	The secretary handed a sealed box to Amy. Richard asked her to give it to Amy.
	Just as Amy was about to open the box, the secretary suddenly thought of the document that she forgot to bring in. She explained to Amy and then went to get the document.
	Amy opened the box. There was no medicine but some exquisite biscuits. She picked up a piece and tasted it. It was very delicious. So, she ate several pieces. Then she saw a piece of paper in the box.
	"Take five pieces three times a day." Five pieces were exactly a layer.
	Richard was afraid that she would forget to eat when she got busy, so he asked his secretary to remind her.
	Amy looked at the cute handwriting on the note and random sketches and smiled.
	When the secretary returned, she noticed that Amy was smiling. At work, she could do as well as any man. Although she was not fierce, she rarely smiled.
	What happened? Why was she so happy after taking the medicine? The secretary looked at the box in Amy's hand in confusion. What kind of medicine was inside?
	Noticing the secretary wanted to see the box, Amy put it away.
	"Give me the document. Make a cup of tea for me." Amy asked her secretary to put down the document and go out to make tea.
	The secretary put down the document. She picked up Amy's boccaro teacup and went out to make tea.
	Amy opened the document. When she saw the words Wilson Group on it, she felt uncomfortable for no reason.
	The secretary got the tea ready, placed it in front of Amy's desk, and left gently.
	Amy put the document aside since she felt that it was not urgent. She had to deal with the rest first.
	She picked up the teacup and took a sip. It tasted so bad that she almost vomited. The secretary must have only brewed it once. Maybe it was because she often made coffee instead of tea. After all, Mr. Newell liked coffee.
	Amy did not dwell on it but continued to read the document.
	When Richard came back, Amy was still working. He was worried that she would be tired.
	He pushed open the door and walked to Amy's side. Amy did not even notice that he had returned.
	He touched the teacup and found it was already cold. So, he went to make some new tea for Amy.
	"Wait a moment. Make me a cup of scented tea. The tea leaves were wasted just now." Amy was only picky about tea.
	When Richard picked up the teacup, Amy had noticed him. The tea he brewed was not bad.
	Amy pointed to her lounge and asked Richard to take out the scented tea that Cathy gave her.
	Amy didn't feel anything wrong with Richard entering her lounge since she felt she was much acquainted with him.
	Richard found the scented tea and took out a bag and brewed it for Amy.
	"You should first brew it with boiling water, then dump it and then brew it again," Richard called the secretary over to teach her how to make tea so that Amy could have a nice cup of tea while he was away.
	"I thought the first time was the best!" The secretary finally realized that there was a lot she didn't know about tea, but she also liked the fragrance of the tea.
	After the secretary learned it, Richard brought the tea to Amy.
	After taking a sip of the tea that Richard made, Amy felt better. She was thirsty. It was not too hot nor too cold since he guessed Amy drank little today.
	Amy finished that cup of tea in one gulp.
	"It smells good. Mr. Carter, your mother is good at making tea. This tea is very good," Amy said. Not only did this tea taste good, but it was also very refreshing. After she drank it, she felt more energetic.
	"I'm glad you like it. My mother said that she has developed some new varieties. When it is done, she will send some to you. She wants to hear your views. Oh right, Miss Newell, my mother also wants to invite you to a teahouse. The tea there is outstanding." Richard was telling the truth. The tea and refreshments there were the best because his mother was the owner of the teahouse.
	"Oh, I can go with her if I have time." Amy was very interested in tea. Although her parents treated her well, they both liked coffee. Only she had a special preference for tea.
	When Amy was abroad, no one could talk to her about tea. Now that she was back, she actually met Richard's mother who was also very interested in it. She did not like Richard, but for his mother's sake, she was polite to him.
	"Have you taken the medicine? Three times a day!" The desserts were from the teahouse. Richard hoped that Amy could remember something, but he was also afraid. Amy had been tough. How could she lose her memory just because of Stephen's death? There must be something more.
Chapter 226 New People
	A lot of people had arrived at the meeting. Amy was in the front. Beside her was Halbert, Hadrian from the Field Group, and Kevin from the Smith Group. After small talk with her partners, she sat down and took out her notebook, ready to take notes for the meeting.
	The Newell Group had not cooperated with the Field Group in recent years, so Amy did not know Hadrian. Hadrian noticed that Amy didn't talk to him. He was a little flustered. After all, it was his mother who killed Amy's father. He had been guilty.
	The seat on the right side of Amy was kept vacant. The name on it was Andy.
	Andy usually arrived after the meeting started. But today he hurried over when he had just got off the plane.
	Today's meeting was to make a plan for the transformation of a mountain forest.
	The environment there was very beautiful. But there were few paved roads, so it was difficult to reach. The people living inside had never even seen TV. Everything there seemed to be in a primitive state.
	To help those people out of poverty, the government convened this meeting so that those famous entrepreneurs offered advice.
	"Mr. Baker, you seem very busy today. Did you just get off the plane?" Amy asked.
	"Yes, I just got off the plane and rushed over. Fortunately, I'm not late." It was inappropriate to be late for such a big meeting.
	Andy took out his notebook from his bag and prepared to take notes.
	Matt saw Amy from afar. He hadn't seen her for five years. The moment she appeared, she attracted people's attention. She was much more beautiful. Short hair fit her very well!
	However, why was she sitting in the front? Halbert was on her left, and Andy was on her right. They were all big shots in R City. What happened to Amy?
	Amy felt as if someone was looking at her from behind. She turned around and found a man looking at her. That man was handsome, but he kept giving her the strange look.
	Matt noticed Amy showed no emotions when she looked back at him. There was no affection and even no hatred. Her eyes were very calm as if she did not recognize him at all.
	Matt opened his mouth but closed it again because the meeting was going to start.
	The officials on the podium had taken their seats. The people below the podium were all ready for the meeting.
	The meeting had begun. The host and officials said a few words and then the mayor introduced new people to them.
	"Now I would like to introduce our new friends, Mr. Philip, and his wife. They will participate in this project. Please welcome them, everyone." After the mayor finished speaking, he took the lead in applauding.
	Amy had heard of this company. It was a public company in America, and it was very powerful. Words had it that the president of it was already very old. Why did he suddenly come?
	A white-haired man and his wife walked into the hall arm in arm. He was probably in his sixties.
	However, his wife was very young. She looked as if she was thirty, and she was quite pretty.
	Many people's mouths including Hadrian’s fell open in shock. Only Amy remained calm because she didn't know Phillip's wife.
	Philip's wife was Allison, who had also disappeared for five years.
	Allison had got curly hair with heavy makeup. She didn't look as pure as before. She seemed to be quite shrewd.
	Philip could not speak Chinese, and Allison translated all the speeches for him. Philip liked his wife very much. He kept looking at her and smiling.
	Allison looked around. She missed Richard very much. She thought that she would see him, but she only saw Halbert and Amy.
	She was confused. But it didn't matter. She had time to know what had happened recently.
	When Allison saw Andy, her heart skipped a beat. When she saw Hadrian, her nose twitched. 'Dear brother, I'm back.'
	When Philip finished his speech, the people warmly applauded, but most of them were just being polite since they would not have the chance to cooperate with him.
	After he finished speaking, Philip sat down on the podium and Allison sat beside him. Allison looked at Amy. Amy was discussing with Andy and did not pay attention to her at all.
	After the meeting, Philip wanted to meet the new president of the Newell Group. He and Dalton were old friends. He was very curious about whom his friend handed the group over to.
	"Hello, might I take up a moment of your time?" Philip caught up with Amy when he heard that the young lady ahead was the new president of Newell Group.
	"You want to see me, Mr. Philip?" Amy stopped. Andy also stopped. He stood beside Amy to protect her.
	"Yes, yes. I heard that you are the new president of the Newell Group. I want to know what kind of person you are. Is your name Amy?" Mr. Philip said in English. He was a little anxious, afraid that Amy would not understand him. Allison was not with him now.
	"That's right. I'm Amy. Mr. Philip, what do you think of me? Do you think I am qualified?" Amy also said in English.
	Philip didn't expect Amy to speak English so fluently. He couldn't help but give a thumbs-up.
	"Miss Newell, your English is as good as your father's. Besides, your mother can speak many languages. Can you?" Mr. Philip was very interested in Amy.
	"I can't. My mother is a very outstanding woman. Although I can't compare to her, I am not bad." Amy spoke highly of her mother but did not belittle herself. It was just right.
	"Miss Newell, I like you. You are as good as your mother." Mr. Philip admired Amy very much.
Chapter 227 The Enemies Meet
	"Hello, darling, what are you doing?" Just as Philip was talking happily with Amy, Allison walked out. Allison had gone to talk to Hadrian just now, but she didn't expect Philip to come out. 'How does he know Amy?'
	"Oh, darling, I met a very good girl. She is very awesome. She is at the helm of the Newell Group at such a young age. She is really amazing," Philip explained to Allison.
	Allison confirmed that the woman standing opposite was Amy. 'Why did Amy get involved with Mr. Newell and why is she at the helm of the Newell Group? What the hell is going on?' Allison was getting more and more confused.
	"Really? That's amazing. I also admire her very much. Miss Newell, can we get to know each other?" Allison said to Amy.
	"Sorry, my name is Amy Newell." Amy disliked the woman in front of her very much.
	"Amy Newell? You even changed your last name. It's interesting. Really interesting." Allison laughed. When she thought that Amy would be angry, Amy turned around to say goodbye to Philip and followed Andy away.
	"She's really a good girl. She's really good." Looking at Amy's back, Philip was still complimenting her.
	Allison was very unhappy. 'Why is my husband complimenting another woman? Amy Miller, no, Amy Newell is really a coquette. Anyone who is with her will be charmed by her.'
	"Philip, don't you love me anymore? Why do you praise her but not me?" Allison knew that Philip liked her very much, so she began to throw a tantrum.
	"Of course, I'm going to praise you. You are my little baby. You are also very awesome." Philip smiled when he saw his wife pouting and then kissed Allison.
	Allison knew that she had to rely on Philip, so she stopped at the right time.
	Philip was a very famous man on Wall Street. Allison had expected that when Phillip became her husband, she would have a connection in high places.
	And Allison was married to Philip by coincidence.
	Under her persuasion, Philip came back with her. She wanted to show off to those who used to look down on her in R City, but no one paid attention to her. It was such a failure.
	"Alright, baby, let's go back. I'm tired after a day’s flight." Philip was a bit old, and he was a bit exhausted after the long journey.
	"Okay, darling, let's go back. I will choose a good day to take you back to my home and show you to my father and brother," Allison said to Philip.
	'I have gotten a marriage certificate with Phillip. In the future, all of Philip's property will be mine. Amy can't be more noticeable than me.'
	"OK. OK." Allison put her arm around Philip's arm and they went back together.
	"Why did I feel so uncomfortable when looking at that woman just now?" Amy suddenly asked Andy beside her.
	When Stephen had an accident, Andy was beside Amy. However, he did not see Allison. All he saw was the scene of Tracy driving the car to hit Amy.
	"You have got allergic rhinitis. Maybe it's because that woman was wearing a strong smell of perfume." Andy did not tell Amy what was going on. He only gave her a perfunctory explanation.
	After all, she didn't know anything anymore. She just liked some people and disliked some people subconsciously.
	"Yes, that's possible. I felt very uncomfortable when she got close to me. Perhaps it's because she was wearing a strong smell of perfume. I really don't understand why it was so pungent." Amy figured it out. Because she had got allergic rhinitis, she was especially afraid of that pungent smell.
	She followed Andy outside. Richard was waiting for her in the car. As an assistant, Richard was not allowed in.
	"Amy, Amy," Someone shouted from behind.
	Amy looked back. The person who shouted her name was the handsome man who watched her from behind her during the meeting.
	"Who are you?" Amy looked at Matt. She did not know this man, but she did not like this man. This man looked like a gigolo and did not have any manly demeanor.
	"Amy, you...." Matt was about to ask Amy if she didn't recognize him, but he was stopped by Andy.
	"She doesn't know you. She hasn't been back for long and doesn't know much about the people here," Andy said to Matt.
	However, Matt did not understand what was going on. But he didn't say anything else. He looked at Amy.
	"Amy, I'm Matt. I hope you can remember my name." Although Matt really wanted to hug Amy and ask her where she had gone, Matt didn't dare to do anything with Andy around.
	"Matt? Are you from the Wilson Group?" Amy remembered that one of the documents she read yesterday was sent by the Wilson Group. The terms on that document were all very harsh. She did not like to cooperate with such an enterprise.
	"Yes, I'm from the Wilson Group. Amy, do you remember me?" Matt said to Amy.
	"Who is Landon?" Amy asked Matt.
	"He is my father and the chairman of the Wilson Group. He was not present today because he had something to do, and I came here on his behalf." Matt had defeated Andrew and became the general manager of the Wilson Group.
	"I see." Amy glanced at Matt. She felt very uncomfortable when she saw Matt, who was from this company. No wonder she didn't like that document. Matt was flashy at first glance. Fortunately, she didn't want to cooperate with this company.
	"Amy, Amy, don't go, wait." Matt felt that he still had a lot to say to Amy.
	However, Amy ignored him and continued to walk forward. Andy glared at Matt.
	"Don't pester Amy again. You are not worthy of her!" After that, Andy followed Amy and left.
	Hearing Andy's words, Matt was unhappy. 'Why am I not worthy of Amy? We were in love for three years. If it wasn't for Gina, we would probably have had children.'
	When thinking of Gina, Matt felt disgusted. 'Surprisingly, this woman wanted me to marry her. She really bit off more than she could chew. She is a woman of loose morals, but I'm the general manager of the Wilson Group. It's a joke that she wants me to marry her.'
	'Fortunately, this woman was forced into a corner by Mr. Werner's wife and disappeared. Now that Amy has returned, I will have a chance. Amy's going to love me. I didn't cherish her at the beginning, but now I will do my best to become her boyfriend again.'
	"You go follow Amy and see where she's going. Then report back to me!" Matt gave orders to his subordinate.
Chapter 228 Richard, It Is You
	"Mom, you are back." Seeing Amy return home, Allen ran over and hugged Amy's legs.
	"Yes, I'm off work. Allen, what did you do at home today?" Amy squatted down and hugged him.
	"I drew a picture. Mom, look. What do you think about it?" Allen showed his drawing to Amy.
	There were three people in the painting. One with curly hair should be a woman, and there was a man without hair and a child with a small baldhead in the middle.
	"What did you draw, Baby?" Amy could not figure them out at all. It looked like a monk and two people.
	Allen looked at his mother. Wasn't it easy to recognize? It was their family.
	"Mom, me, and Dad." Allen pointed at the persons on the painting and explained to Amy.
	"Mom has curly hair. Dad and Allen don't have hair. We three are so happy together." Allen thought that his drawing was quite good. Why couldn't his mother understand it?
	"OK. I got it. Your painting is very good. I like it. I will put it up." Amy's eyes were wet. She did not know who Allen’s father was, but she was very grateful to this person for giving her such a lovely child.
	"Mom, do you think that I drew well? Does he look the same as my father?" Allen looked at the man on the painting. He drew it according to Richard's appearance, although this man could not be recognized now.
	"Yes. It's very similar to your father." Amy said with certainty. She answered him but did not know what Allen meant was if he looked the same as Richard.
	Allen was so happy. He had felt that Richard was his father. His guess was correct.
	They misunderstood each other's intentions, but such a misunderstanding was a beautiful one.
	When Richard returned from outside, someone told him that a man was looking for him and had been waiting for him for a long time.
	Richard arrived at his office. He looked around and saw no man.
	He walked in, thinking that the man had left.
	Just as he was about to sit on a chair, he realized that there was really a "man" in the room. However, the "man" was asleep on the sofa.
	Allen wore a black T-shirt and dark blue jeans. He was small and curled up on the sofa. It was indeed not easy to see.
	Was Allen looking for him? Richard felt that it was very funny. He also saw a piece of paper on the ground. It seemed to be a painting.
	Richard squatted in front of Allen and picked up the paper with the painting.
	There were three people on the paper, a woman, a man, and a child. This was a family, wasn't it? Could it be that Allen drew his parents and him?
	Richard inexplicably felt jealous. Which man had such good fortune to have Amy and such a lovely son?
	Richard even felt that he was going to die of jealousy. However, the person who had been investigating in France had not yet replied. He said that he had not discovered that Amy lived with any man. There was just a man who visited her frequently.
	They were investigating that man. Richard felt that he should have a talk with this man. Amy was still his wife. They had not divorced yet. Their marriage was invalid. However, he could accept Allen because the child could not leave his mother. Richard had decided what he would do in the future.
	"Dad?" The first word Allen said when he woke up was to call Richard father.
	Richard looked at Allen and asked him, "What did you call me?"
	"Uncle. Sorry." Allen timidly said. He really treated Richard as his father. Didn't Mom also say that his father looked like him?
	"Well, it's alright. Allen, is your father very similar to me?" Richard gently touched Allen's head and looked at the sleepy boy.
	"Yes, you are very similar," Allen said with certainty. He wished that Richard would say to him that he was his father.
	However, Richard did not say anything. Allen was quite disappointed.
	However, Allen was very satisfied that Richard could tell that it was a portrait of a family. Other people did not know what he had painted, but Richard did.
	"Dad. Oh, no. Uncle, where have you been today? I've been waiting for you for a long time." Allen said to Richard.
	"I went to work today. Allen, did you miss your father? Why hasn't your father come to see you?" Allen had returned for several months, but he had never seen Allen's father.
	Allen pointed at Richard and said, "My father is you."
	Richard was originally squatting, but when he heard Allen's words, he was shocked. How could it be!
	"Allen, are you alright? I could take you to see a doctor?" Richard felt that Allen was very strange today. Why was he calling him father all the time? Did Allen have a fever or be sick?
	"No, uncle, I'm fine. I just came to see you secretly. Could you take me home? My mother will be angry if she knows I'm not at home." Allen didn't know how long he had been here, and he went here secretly.
	"Alright, then I will send you back immediately." When Richard heard that Allen came to him secretly, he was very worried. Allen was so young. How did he get here?
	However, before he could express his worries, Amy had broken into the room.
	"Allen, why did you come to the company? You didn't even tell the nanny. Are you going to scare me to death?" When Amy saw Allen, she pushed Richard away, squatted down, and hugged Allen tightly, crying.
	The nanny at home scared Amy when she called to say that Allen had disappeared.
	Allen pointed at Richard and said, "Mom, didn't you say that this was my father? I drew it according to his appearance. I thought you said that he was my father." At this time, he didn't know whether to call Richard father or uncle.
	At this time, Amy saw that Allen was still holding the painting that he drew yesterday.
	This person was Richard?
	Amy looked at the round face with black dots in small circles as the eyes, a line as the mouth, and without nose in the picture. This was Richard?
	Richard also looked at it. This was really like him. He thought so.
	"Richard, do you think it looks like you?" Seeing that Richard didn't say anything, Amy handed him the paper.
Chapter 229 The Secret of William
	Amy handed the painting to Richard. Richard looked at the bald man and nodded.
	"I think we are quite similar. It would be even more like me if he had a little more hair." Richard praised Allen.
	Hearing that, Allen's expression of consensus made Amy want to laugh. Could it be that the gazes of all men were so strange?
	"Alright, I have nothing to say. Allen, let's go home." Amy did not tell Allen whether Richard was his father because Amy also did not know what had happened in the past.
	"Dad, see you." Seeing that his mother did not say that Richard was not his father, Allen boldly called Richard father.
	When Richard heard that Allen had been calling him father today, although he was delighted, he was still a little conflicted. If it was true, he would definitely be happy. However, what should he do if Allen's real father came? He would certainly be at a loss for a long time.
	"He's not your father." At this time, Amy felt that she should make it clear to her son that Richard was not his father. Otherwise, why hadn't Richard been by her side for so many years?
	"Ok." Allen looked at Richard reluctantly. He was so disappointed. He really hoped that Richard would be his father. He liked Richard very much.
	Amy and Allen had left, but Richard was not able to calm down. Reckoning by time, could Allen be his son? Amy had been away for five years, but Allen was only about three years old according to Hilary.
	No matter how Richard calculated, he felt that something was wrong. If Allen was over four years old, he would definitely be Richard's child.
	When Amy told Hilary the age of Allen, she just said thoughtlessly that he was three years old.
	"It's so strange these days. Why hasn't William come home for dinner?" At the dining table, Grandma Eva asked Sophia.
	"Grandma Eva, he's on a business trip. It seems like he'll be back in more than a month." Sophia was overjoyed. When William went on a business trip, he gave her 100,000 to buy whatever she liked. Her husband really treated her well.
	"Business trip? I saw him this afternoon." Cathy was eating when she heard this. She raised her head and said doubtfully.
	"Mom, you must be wrong. How is that possible? He left the day before yesterday. He went abroad this time, so it will take him a bit longer." Sophia smiled at Cathy. Cathy must be mistaken. William had left, and she sent him to the airport.
	"How is that possible? I saw him in Roman Hospital this afternoon. I called him but he didn't hear me. I also had something to do, so I left. If you don't mention it, I'll forget about it. He was carrying a lot of things then." Cathy added.
	When Sophia heard this, her heart almost skipped a beat. She had a bad premonition. Why did William go to the hospital? He was very healthy recently. There was no need to go to the hospital.
	"I'll take a look later. Perhaps his colleague is sick." Sophia hurriedly ate her meal and went out.
	"Cathy, did you really see William carrying something in the hospital just now?" Seeing Sophia leave, Grandma Eva asked Cathy. Although she did not like Cathy, she still stood on ceremony. Because Grandma Eva was snobbish and Cathy was rich, she could not be trifled with her.
	"I saw it with my own eyes, but he didn't see me. What's wrong?" Cathy was at a loss.
	Grandma Eva was an experienced person. She had a premonition of what had happened.
	William tricked Sophia into going on a business trip, but now he appeared in the hospital. There must be something wrong. Grandma Eva hurriedly finished her meal.
	"Cathy, please send Addy and me to that hospital. I feel that something bad is going to happen." Grandma Eva said to Cathy.
	Cathy agreed. After she finished her meal, she drove Grandma Eva and Addy to the hospital.
	Sophia arrived at the hospital aggressively. She directly headed towards the obstetrics and gynecology department. She checked the ward one by one. At this time, she was very smart. She did not go in directly and just watched from the door.
	Sophia was relieved after she hadn't seen William on the entire floor being checked. She was sure that Cathy had been mistaken. There was no trace of William here.
	Several doctors and nurses came out of the innermost room. The door was tightly shut. Sophia had not noticed it just now, and the door was not marked with the room number.
	"The mother's condition is not very good. She was bleeding heavily. I've given her a hemostatic. Perhaps her uterus is not cleaned up very well." The doctor told the nurse beside him.
	"May I ask how her situation is? Is she not good?" Sophia looked very anxious. She held the doctor's hand and pretended to be the woman's relative.
	"You must be her family, right? She's not so bad. Just a little bleeding. I've dealt with it. There's no big problem. The child is okay. He's quite healthy. You can take a look." After the doctor finished speaking, he took the nurse to get the medicine.
	Sophia walked to the door of the ward. It turned out to be a VIP ward, so she didn't notice it just now.
	Sophia could see William's side face through the open door. He was hugging the child and talking to the woman.
	That woman was the one Sophia saw on the street! Therefore, William really cheated on her, and he even had a child.
	Sophia was extremely angry. She opened the door and entered.
	The atmosphere in the ward was very warm. William was holding the child while the mother was lying on the bed. She looked at William and the child with a smile, as if they were a happy family.
	Sophia quickly rushed in and slapped the woman.
	William didn't even recognize that she was his wife. He pushed Sophia away fiercely. Sophia wasn't on guard. She immediately hit the bedside and her head was bleeding.
	"William, you dare to cheat on me, even having a child secretly. Have you taken me as your wife? Do you believe that I will kill her?" Sophia sat on the ground, pointing at William and cursing.
	At this time, William discovered that the woman was his wife. He was a little panicked. He hurriedly handed the child to the woman who was beaten up and went to pull Sophia.
	However, at this moment, Sophia stood up by herself and went for the ward bed again.
Chapter 230 What About the Child
	Sophia did not ask William to pull her up. She got up on her own and threw herself at the woman on the bed again.
	She wanted to kill the child when she saw that this woman was holding the child in her arms.
	"Help!" That woman was so frightened that she tightly held her child. She would have run away if she hadn't delivered the baby by the cesarean section. She couldn't run because her wound wasn't healed. She could only hold the child in her arms.
	It was too late for William to stop Sophia. Sophia had thrown herself at that woman before he walked to her.
	"Sophia, stop." Sophia was held back by someone else and as a result, she failed to come to that woman. William breathed a sigh of relief.
	"Grandma, mom? Why are you here?" Sophia turned around and saw Grandma Eva put on a serious look.
	"You left in such a hurry just now. We have to come here. Otherwise, who knows what you would do to my great-grandchildren?" Grandma Eva did not look at Sophia. What she cared about was the Carters’ descendant. People like Sophia meant nothing to Grandma Eva.
	"Grandma, why are you speaking for that bitch? I am Sophia, your granddaughter-in-law!" Sophia felt wronged. Grandma used to love her very much, but everything seemed to be different now.
	"You're indeed my granddaughter-in-law and I will never allow this woman to get married to William. You're William's wife and you haven't delivered a baby for so many years. It's not wrong for William to have his own child." Grandma Eva stood up for William and blamed Sophia for everything.
	The woman on the hospital bed heard the conversation between Grandma Eva and Sophia and glanced at William.
	"William, what this is all about? Didn't you say that I can get married to you after giving birth to a son? Why does Grandma Eva say that she won't recognize me as your wife?" That woman was relentless.
	She had been with William for many years and was finally pregnant and gave birth to a boy. She thought that she could have a chance to live a good life now, but what happened today was beyond her expectation.
	William was annoyed by those women who suddenly came. He didn't know how to deal with these women.
	"You guys go out first, all of you," William shouted at those women. He was about to collapse.
	"Why should I go out? I'm your wife. How dare you cheat on me and ask me to go out. I won't listen to you." Sophia knew that William still loved her and did not take William's words seriously.
	"Sophia, I beg you. Please go out now. I will come out immediately. I will tell you what I am going to do and will not leave you behind." William still liked Sophia and he said to Sophia in a low voice.
	He also didn't want his child's mother to see him as a loser, so he wanted everyone to go out to save his face.
	"Sophia, let's go out first. I think William will not let you down." Grandma Eva asked Addy to pull Sophia. She would quell the rage in Sophia's heart even if William could not. She could take the child back and asked Sophia to raise him in the worst-case scenario. No matter what, that child was a Carter. The Carter family had plenty of money and could afford to raise another child.
	The woman in the hospital bed also stared at Sophia and thought to herself, "How dare she hit me! She would regret it in the future."
	William comforted the woman in front of him when other people left. "Tessa Bryant, don't worry. I will treat you well. Sophia is my wife and I told you about her before. I promise that I will not disappoint you." Although William had told Tessa that he had a wife before, he always said that he wanted to marry Tessa. He never expected that Sophia would find out about his affair with Tessa one day.
	"William, let me tell you, no matter what you do, I will never leave my child. If you take my child away from me, I will kill myself in front of your Carter family." Tessa was desperate. She had always wanted to marry someone above her station. She would be embarrassed if her friends knew that she was with William, but she was not admitted by the Carter family.
	"Fine. Don't think too much. I will treat you well. Don't worry. You can take all the credit for what you have done for me. I will give you an explanation." William did not dare to offend any woman. He could only get on with it and went out even if he did not know what he should do next.
	Sophia wanted to argue with William when she saw him coming out. However, she was stopped by Grandma Eva.
	"We are not at home. If you make a fool of yourself, other people would laugh at us." Cathy did not say anything when Grandma Eva said to Sophia. She said nothing because she had nothing to do with it. She felt that it was quite interesting for her to catch someone cheating.
	She would still come if she knew what this was all about in advance. She had expected that something was wrong.
	Since her daughter-in-law had been taken away by these people, she could not let them get away with it. She told Sophia about the affair between William and Tessa on purpose!
	"Grandma, Mom, Sophia, Ms. Cathy, you can come with me now. There's someone here taking care of Tessa. We can have a serious conversation in the teahouse downstairs." William took the four women to a teahouse near the hospital.
	"Alright, tell me, what's going on?" Sophia couldn't help but ask William when they arrived at the teahouse.
	Sophia felt embarrassed when she thought that William who kept saying that he loved her cheated on her. What annoyed her most was that she had almost caught him cheating on her last time, but he cloaked what he did under a lie. He made her believe that he was helping his colleague's wife. What a joke.
	"I'm also helpless. Sophia never gave birth to a child and my grandmother kept talking about it. I just want to know if it is my problem or Sophia's problem. Now I finally know that it's not my problem." William thought for a moment and put everything on Sophia.
	Grandma Eva and Addy looked at Sophia after they heard William's words.
	"Sophia, you should run some tests in the hospital. William is fine. He has a child now. There must be something wrong with you. You're in your thirties. How can you not have a child?" Grandma Eva was very dissatisfied with Sophia.
	"Grandma, this isn't the problem. He has an affair with another woman and has a child. How could you blame me for that?" Sophia was angry when she heard Grandma Eva's words.
	"William did this because you had never given birth to a child. We need to have someone to inherit our family's fortune in the future. Look at our family, Jacob never got married. Richard got married, but his wife disappeared. He even didn't go home anymore. I must have done something wrong, so God punishes me in this way." Grandma Eva changed her thought about William cheating on Sophia in a way when she looked at her great-grandson.
Chapter 231 Chinese Go Talent
	Now Sophia held great grudge against the Carters as Grandma Eva had only been nice to those who had kids.
	"Well, if I were infertile, I would then adopt the kid. But if not, I would never." Sophia had no choice but to make a compromise.
	If she still failed to get pregnant, she would still be belittled by the Carters. Of course, she was also eager to have her own kid. However, she always failed no matter how hard she tried.
	"Okay, I got your words. Sophia, just go for a check. If you find out the problem, you should get treatment as soon as possible. Alas, if we had known about your problem earlier, we would have made it a better situation!" Again, Grandma Eva ascribed it to Sophia again.
	Since this boy was a son of William, he should be also recognized as the eldest one of the third generation of the Carter family. So he could also get a share from the family property in the future.
	As Sophia had made such a compromise, she was left no room to take back her words.
	So she got to the hospital angrily to have a physical check.
	"William, she looks good and so does the kid. Just keep them in the family. And let's wait and see the result of Sophia's check. If she were indeed infertile, we should adopt this kid. But even if she were fertile, I would make her accept the kid as well." Grandma Eva promised firmly.
	"Grandma, thank you. If it weren't for you, the situation would only get worse!" now William finally let out a breath of relief. He had never expected that Sophia still got to know it though he tried so hard to keep it as a secret. What was worse, all his family now knew the secret.
	"Don't worry. Grandma is here with you. I will be your backup!" Grandma Eva deemed her solution this time a perfect one. No matter what happened, she could never make the siblings of the Carters homeless.
	Though the farce was over, Cathy could tell that it hadn't come to an end. Though Grandma Eva deemed herself capable enough to deal with Sophia, the fact was that Sophia was still a tricky one. She would definitely stir up a big trouble in the future.
	"Philip, what are you doing now? Don't you say that you are going to invite Miss Newell for dinner?" seeing that Philip was writing an invitation card attentively, Allison looked a bit sullen.
	"Yeah, Dalton is my best friend. Of course I need to have a nice talk with the lady whom he recommended. And I really want to know what makes her so special. Otherwise, Dalton would not have made her take over the business." Philip showed great curiosity about Amy. He couldn't help wondering why Dalton thought highly of this girl in her earlier twenties.
	"But she is a mistress!" Allison said discontentedly.
	"What?" Philip didn't catch her words clearly.
	"Nothing. I am also curious about her. I want to know what's special about her as well." Allison hurried to correct her words as she knew that Philip hated those who spoke ill of others.
	"Okay, just send this invitation card to the Newell group and give it to Miss Newell. Just tell her that I want to treat her a dinner." Philip said seriously to his assistant.
	"Yes, sir! I will do it right now." The assistant took the card and left.
	"Allison, just get prepared. Make it a formal treat. I need to let everybody know that we attach great importance to this meet and I want Miss Newell to feel our earnest."
	"Okay, I will get prepared." Allison was not only his wife, but also a capable assistant of his work.
	Since Allison wanted to get all information of Philip's company, she had been working hard.
	After getting the invitation card, Amy started to prepare a gift for Philip.
	She heard from her dad that Philip was a punctilious person and he always stuck to his principles. Besides, he loved playing Chinese Go. However, Amy only knew a little about it.
	"Richard, go to buy me a set of Go made of nice jade." Amy said to Richard as she had no idea how to get one.
	"Alright. Miss Newell, are you good at playing Go?" Richard remembered that Amy didn't even know how to play Go.
	"No. I can't even play it. And help me to contact a skillful Go player. I need one for special need." Of course, Amy was also aware that she knew nothing about Go.
	"Yes, madam." After saying that, Richard went to get prepared for it. He was actually good at playing Go. So now his moment came.
	Though her father was Philip's best friend, she only knew little about Philip. She was quite nervous when getting the invitation.
	What was more, she happened to have a project that she earnestly wanted to make it a cooperation with Philip. So she started to search about Philip online.
	However, she could only barely get some information about him from the Internet. So she was about to make a call to her father to ask something about Philip.
	"Now Philip is 62 years old and he loves sour and sweet food. He hates black color and snakes. He also loves playing Chinese Go and Chinese calligraphy." Richard said to her as he had just bought a set of Go. Looking at her confused face, he could tell what she was thinking about.
	"Why do you know so much about him?" Amy was so surprised. She was a bit unhappy as she only knew a little about Philip while Richard knew so much about him.
	"Because my father is also his friend. Besides, I have been to America to investigate something about him. That's why I know a lot." Richard replied honestly. He got to know about Philip so much because he wanted to cooperate with him at that time. But he failed at last. He could tell that Philips was tricky to deal with.
	"Oh, great. The information is vital." Amy tried to recall what he said and noted down everything about Philip.
	"Okay, here is the Go. Miss Newell, please take a look." Richard put the set of Go on her desk.
	The Go was made of glittering and translucent jade. Every single piece of it looked as perfect as God-made masterpiece. Amy grabbed one of them and it felt cool, smooth and comfortable.
	Since now she had the set of Go, she still needed a skillful player.
	Amy then looked at him, wondering if he had forgotten it.
	"I am the skillful player you want!" Richard pointed to himself.
	"You?" Amy couldn't help exclaiming as she had never expected that he could actually play Go.
	"Of course, I have got a lot of championships of match about Go since I was a kid. You can come to my house for a visit and then you will see all kinds of certificate for champion only." Richard said proudly.
Chapter 232 On My Treat
	"Welcome, Amy Newell, my friend!" before the dinner, Philip had also done a lot of research about her.
	However, he didn't get much information about Amy. What he could get was only some information about her when she was in France during the past five years.
	Amy didn't have any special hobby. She was only crazy about working and work took up almost all of her time. Besides, it seemed that she had a son who was now 4 years old. Both Amy and her son had been living aboard before. But it was because of Dalton's illness that she came back here.
	And Amy also seemed to love tea and spicy food. So Philips got prepared for these.
	"Mr. Philip, it's a great honor for me to have dinner with you tonight." Amy replied formally and then she handed him the set of Go.
	"Oh, that's what I want! Thank you, Amy. Both you and your dad are so considerate." Philip looked quite happy when taking the set of Go. He loved playing Chinese Go most and he was also good at it.
	"What about playing Go for a while after dinner?" Philip suggested.
	"Okay, but Mr. Philip, I have found someone to play Go with you. So after dinner, it should be a nice moment to have a try." Amy smiled.
	Actually, she didn't believe that Richard was that sophisticate in Go as he once claimed himself to be. As Philip was also famous for his skills in playing Go, so she only hoped that Richard wouldn't be defeated so soon.
	As they entered the private box and Allison saw Richard at the same time, she was stunned and wondered why Richard now stayed with Amy.
	Richard was also a bit surprised when seeing Allison. But he still looked calm as usual. Since Amy lost part of her memory, he stood in front of her out of instinct.
	"What happened?" Amy turned to ask him as she assumed there might be something special.
	"Nothing. Watch yourself and don't bump yourself on the chair." Richard moved the chair in front of her a bit.
	"Richard." It had been five years since Allison saw Richard last time. She had been facing an old man for five years, which really exhausted her.
	"Miss Field, what's the matter?" Richard addressed her as if she were just a stranger.
	"Richard, now she is known as Mrs. Philip." Amy corrected him as Richard didn't attend the meeting that day. So he didn't know that Allison had married Philip already.
	"Oh, Mrs. Philip, what can I do for you?" Richard corrected the address immediately.
	"Allison, you know him?" Philip asked. When noticing the change of her expression when she saw Richard, Philip could tell that they must be acquainted with each other before.
	"Yeah, we know each other. I used to be his best friend. But everything has changed since I left five years ago." Allison sat beside Philip while holding his hand.
	"Oh, you are both friends before. What a coincidence. Come on, take a seat please." Philip beckoned everyone present to sit down.
	Seeing that all kinds of her favorite dishes were placed on the table, Amy could tell that Philip really attached great importance to this dinner. And he had done a lot of research about her.
	"Well, Mr. Philip, I am so flattered. All dishes here are my favorite. Thank you." Amy expressed her gratitude to him.
	"Alright, I am glad you like the food. Come on, just enjoy yourself. You don't have to be formal." Philip said straightforwardly.
	So both Amy and Richard started to enjoy the dishes and so did Philip and Allison. Richard began to peel off shrimp and crab for Amy. During the past five years when Amy went missing, Richard always peeled off shrimps himself and filled them in a bowl. After that, he talked to the bowl filled with shrimp alone, "Amy, I know that's what you love the most. Come back to have some shrimps."
	So as time went by, he turned to be adept at peeling off shrimps.
	Soon, Amy's bowl was filled with shrimps. She was quite excited when seeing that as she loved seafood the most.
	It had always been a troublesome stuff for her to peel off shrimps herself as she needed to take care of Allen at the same time. Now she felt free and enjoyable as Richard served her abundant peeled shrimps.
	Seeing that, Allison felt so jealous. She didn't even know when they had actually restored their relationship. At the thought of that, she deemed Amy a scheming one. She assumed that Amy was still pretending to be innocent in front of Richard.
	"Honey, why don't you enjoy the food?" Philip noticed that Allison had been fixing her eyes on Amy and he was a bit confused. Though Amy was pretty and gorgeous, she was just a lady.
	"Oh, I really appreciate their loving relationship." Allison hurried to explain nervously.
	"Hey, stop talking nonsense." Philip talked to her sternly. He couldn't even get any information about Amy's lover during his research.
	Allison looked at him and was surprised when seeing his sullen face. She was wondering if she said something wrong to get this old man mad.
	"He is not my husband. He is my assistant." Amy explained to her. She could tell that Allison seemed to care about Richard a lot. Though she had no idea what the story was between them, she still deemed it necessary to explain.
	Hearing her explanation, Richard didn't feel upset. Instead, he was determined to work harder to win her heart.
	"Your assistant?" Allison almost dropped the chopsticks on the ground. She couldn't believe that Richard, the president of HD Group, was actually working as her assistant.
	"Yeah." Amy felt a bit weird when seeing her startled face. In her point of view, Richard was abandoned by his father, Halbert Carter, the former president of HD Group. So she offered him a job by chance. She even deemed that it should be a great favor for Halbert.
	But now Allison looked so weird as if Amy were maltreating Richard.
	"Honey, you look bad. Do you feel sick?" Philip also noticed that Allison looked a bit weird today. He was confused as Allison had always been restrained and decent.
	"If you feel bad, what about going back home and having a rest now?" Philip said to her caringly.
	"Honey, it's okay. I was just a bit thrilled when meeting the old friend. So I might look a bit indecent today. Sorry, honey, I just peeled off a shrimp for you. Have a try." Allison then put the peeled shrimp into his bowl.
	Seeing that, Amy took a look at Richard, who was also looking at her at the same time.
	She could tell from his keen eyes that he might have feelings for her.
	Then Amy took a shrimp and put it into Richard's mouth.
Chapter 233 You Look Like Someone I know
	When Amy put the shrimp into his mouth, Allison was so stunned that she covered her mouth with both hands. And Richard chewed it and swallowed it.
	"No! He is allergic to seafood!" Allison had seen how awful he looked when he was allergic.
	"Spit it out. Now!" hearing that, Amy hurried to reach her hand into his mouth to get that shrimp. However, Richard had already swallowed it.
	"Take him to the hospital. He is extremely allergic to seafood. He will feel sick soon!" Though Richard was staring at her, Allison still spoke it out and required Amy to send him to the hospital right now.
	"I am fine. Just continue with the food. I want to go out for a walk."
	Even Richard himself had no idea why he ate the shrimp when Amy fed him. Though he was aware that he would be allergic to it, he still swallowed it happily without hesitation.
	"No. I have seen how terrible it would look when someone got allergic. Let me send you to the hospital. Mr. Philip, sorry, I will treat you to a dinner another day." Amy highly valued her friendship with Richard. She didn't expect Richard would be so nice that he actually ate the shrimp. Since it was caused because of her, she decided to deal with it herself.
	"Okay, go to the hospital first. His health should be the priority." Philip could tell that Richard actually got a crush on Amy. But he didn't deem it appropriate to get involved.
	Amy supported Richard out of the restaurant and led him into the car. Then she drove to the hospital at full speed.
	Now Richard's body had been covered with red spots all over, each single one of which was big and itchy. He couldn't help scratching his skin.
	When they reached the hospital, Amy acted soon to pull him out of the car and supported him into the hospital. She went through the registration process and consulted the doctor by herself. Then she hurried to lead Richard to sit in front of the doctor.
	"Doctor, he is allergic to seafood. What should we do?" Amy said to the doctor anxiously.
	When the doctor looked at him, he saw his face swell to a great extent. If it weren't for Amy who took Richard here, no one could even recognize him.
	"He needs an infusion immediately." The doctor checked his eyelids and noticed that his situation now worsened. Only an infusion would work better.
	When the doctor finished the prescription, Amy hurried to pay for it and got the medicine.
	Soon, Richard lay on the bed while having infusion. His eyes were even slanted because of his swollen eyelids. But he could still see that Amy took off her own shoes to knead her own bruised shank.
	"Do you feel hurt?" Richard asked while moving his largely swollen lips.
	Amy turned around to look at him. Then she burst into laughter.
	"Come on, Richard, are you stupid? You know that you are allergic to seafood and you still ate that shrimp?"
	Richard looked quite awkward at this moment when lying on the bed with a swollen face, who looked much different from the attractive gentleman in the daytime. He even looked a bit hilarious.
	"Because it's rare for you to feed me. Of course I will eat whatever you offer." Richard said innocently. He even deemed it acceptable getting into the hospital. What he wanted was nothing but her care.
	"What if I feed you poison? Will you still eat it?" Amy asked.
	"Yeah I will eat whatever you feed me." Richard nodded firmly and was about to scratch himself again.
	Amy rolled her eyes on him, 'What a glib guy! He must be sweet to whoever girl he knows.'
	At the thought of that, Amy only took his words as a joke.
	Amy then grabbed his hand to stop him from scratching and unbuttoned his shirt. She noticed that some of the red spots even started to bleed because of his scratch.
	"Don't scratch it. Let me do it for you." As Allen had once suffered from chicken pox, Amy was a bit experienced in it. So she rubbed against his body with her finger slightly. And it helped to alleviate the itchy feelings.
	Feeling her soft touch, Richard felt more relaxed and satisfied.
	"Still itchy?" after rubbing against his body with fingers, Amy asked again.
	"I am fine. Are you tried?" Though he felt good when she was touching him, he still felt a bit sorry. He could tell that Amy must be tired for touching him all over.
	"Really? No way! I know that the itchy feelings would last for long when you get allergic. But you deserve it!" while nagging, she still worked on his body with fingers.
	"Now he can only have plain food such as porridge. He is not allowed to have other food until all red spots disappear. And it should take a few more days." The doctor came to talk to Amy.
	"Oh, by the way, he needs to stay in the hospital today. The infusion would take much time. As his wife, you should know that he is allergic to seafood. Why didn't you stop him?" the doctor started to lecture her.
	"Okay. I will notice that." Amy hurried to answer.
	However, she then realized that the doctor misunderstood their relationship.
	"Oh, doctor, he is not…" when Amy was about to explain that she was not Richard's wife, the doctor left before she finished.
	"What are you laughing at?" Amy saw him laughing happily.
	"Nothing. I just notice that you look alike someone I know." Richard said.
	"Who? Do I look like someone else?" Amy continued to stroke his body with fingers.
	She was a bit surprised to find that Richard was not actually so reticent as expected. Now they began to talk more to each other.
	"Well, you look alike my wife." Richard spoke out sincerely.
	Hearing that, Amy suddenly scratched him hard for twice as she thought that he was still joking.
Chapter 234 A Home Visit Invitation
	"Miss Newell, thank you for your care during these days. To express my gratitude, my parents and I want to invite you and Allen to be our guest. After all, you only have few relatives here. And my mom loves to talk with you. So should we make it on Saturday?" Richard tried to initiate his plan to invite her to his home.
	"So do you want me to visit your home? I don't think so. We are not that familiar with each other yet. Though I love to talk with your mom, it's still a bit inappropriate to disturb your whole family." Amy turned it down. She felt a bit weird for bringing her kid to visit another man's house.
	"Actually, my mom also wants you to come for a talk about making scented tea. Besides, there is a big garden where there was filled with all kinds of plants and flowers. My mom also shows great interest in those herbals. So you may take a look and enjoy yourself there." Richard had also got a news from Cathy, who wanted to invite her for lunch at home.
	Besides, almost all his family would leave for somewhere else on Saturday. Grandma Eva would go to live in a temple with Addy for a few days. William had been still taking care of Tessa, who got pregnant. And Jacob seldom lived at home. What was more, Sophia went back to her parents' house because of argument. So now it would be a nice chance for them to get together.
	"You even keep herbals in the garden? It seems that your mom really knows a lot about it. But I am afraid that there must be a lot of people in your family so I don't think I should bother you." Actually, Amy wasn't reluctant to meet Cathy. She loved to talk with her. However, she was still worried if she would be nervous when seeing all his family.
	"It's okay. Only my parents stay at home this Saturday. And the other will all leave for somewhere else. So, Miss Newell, you can have a nice talk with my mom."
	Looking at his earnest eyes, Amy didn't have the heart to refuse. But actually she also wanted to have a talk to his mom for no reason though Richard looked a bit annoying.
	"Okay. After all, Allen also loves to play with you. I will take him to your house the day after tomorrow. Just send me the location. I will go there by myself." Amy finally agreed. When she knew that only Richard and his parents would be at home on Saturday, she changed her mind. After all, she enjoyed talking with Cathy and she deemed her a nice friend.
	Seeing that Amy agreed before he tried further, Richard was overjoyed. He couldn't wait to meet Allen.
	"Well, Miss Newell, I will type you the location on your Google Map and you can go there by yourself." Richard hurried to the parking lot to set the location.
	"Mom, are we going to Richard's house?"
	After what happened last time, Amy had told Allen that Richard was not his father.
	"Yeah, his mom is a nice lady. So you can just call her Grandma Cathy when we meet her." Amy said to him patiently.
	"Yeah, I have another grandma too!" Allen had only talked to his grandparents, Mr. and Mrs. Newell. But the Chinese girl next door had grandparents from both her mother and father, which made him jealous.
	Hearing that, Amy was a bit sad. Even her own parents and her brother had never told her the identity of Allen's father. And she could remember nothing about it.
	Her parents loved her so they must have a purpose to keep it from her. So she assumed that perhaps it was because Allen's father did something awful to hurt her before.
	Amy stroked Allen's hairs and kept silent. Such a grandma should also fulfill his mere wish this time.
	Then Amy reached the Carter's mansion with the Google Map though it took some time.
	However, she seemed to be quite familiar with the mansion though she still failed to recall it. Perhaps it was because all mansions looked alike so it confused her.
	"Oh, Amy, my baby. I am so happy to hear that you are coming! Who's this kid?" when Cathy saw Allen, she seemed to be choked.
	"Grandma Cathy, my name is Allen." When seeing this beautiful and nice lady, Allen couldn't help exclaiming to introduce himself. He was really proud and amazed as his new grandma looked much more beautiful than the madam next door when he was in France.
	"Allen?" Cathy held him up and she seemed to be thrilled.
	"Grandma Cathy, you look so beautiful! You are much prettier than the madam next door!" Allen said happily as he loved to stay with Cathy.
	"Oh, there was also a granny living with her granddaughter next door when we stay in France. Allen means that you look more beautiful than that granny." Amy hurried to explain as she thought that Cathy didn't understand what he was saying.
	"Oh, I see. Thank you, Allen. You are so sweet. What a clever boy!" after saying that, Cathy walked into the house with him. And she didn't talk to Amy then.
	"Halbert, come over here! Let me show you a lovely baby!" Cathy hurried to walk in to look for Halbert.
	"What's the matter with her?" seeing that Cathy entered the house while holding Allen happily, Amy asked.
	"Well, perhaps my mom really loves kids. So she wants my dad to have a look. Allen looks so cute. Of course everyone here loves him." Richard explained.
	"Come on, let's get inside." Richard then led her into the parlor.
	When they entered the parlor, Amy seemed to realize why she felt so familiar. It turned out to be the fact that the decoration in the mansion was actually the same as hers. At the thought of that, Amy was no more confused.
	Halbert got downstairs when hearing Cathy's words. And then she took him to a corner.
	"What's the matter? Did you notice something fishy?" Halbert thought that Cathy might just notice something wrong about Amy.
	"Look at the little baby." Cathy showed him Allen.
	Looking at his face, Halbert was stunned.
	"Let's go upstairs for a check." Halbert then led her upstairs.
	"Dad, mom, where are you going to take Allen to?" Richard had no idea what they were going to do when seeing that they sneaked upstairs.
	"Well, the boy looks so cute so we want to give him a gift. So I would like to take him there to let him choose the one he likes." Cathy came up with an excuse.
	"Grandma Eva, no, thanks. I can't take other's gift." Hearing that, Allen hurried to refuse as Amy told him that he couldn't take gift even from Grandma Cathy.
	"Mom…" Richard really deemed his parents weird today. He was afraid if Amy would get mad. However, before he could talk to Cathy, Cathy and Halbert had rushed upstairs.
Chapter 235 Allen Is Their Grandson!
	"What happened to them?" seeing their weird move, Amy was wondering if there was something wrong about Allen.
	"Well, perhaps it's because that both my parents are so eager to have a grandson. So they want to stay with this little cute boy for a bit longer." Richard explained. Of course, both his parents were crazily obsessed about having a grandson though they hadn't mentioned about it in front of him. Besides, Cathy had already recognized Amy as her only daughter-in-law.
	After thinking about it for a while, Amy deemed it reasonable. Every time her parents went to France before, they would come for Allen first. So she could tell how much they liked the kid.
	When Cathy and Halbert took Allen into the bedroom, Halbert started to rummage while Cathy was taking Allen to walk around the room.
	"Allen, why did your mom call you 'Ugly'?" Cathy was a bit confused. Allen looked so cute. She couldn't figure out why Amy nicknamed him as 'Ugly'.
	"Oh, grandma, that was because I named myself as 'Ugly'. You know, my real name is Allen Newell. But I would like to call myself 'Ugly'. So they call me the same way." Allen explained.
	Hearing that, Cathy finally understood what was going on.
	"I find it! I find it!" Halbert took out a photo on which there was also a cute boy who was about four years old.
	"Oh, they look the same! Allen is our grandson! He is our grandson!" Cathy was so excited that she burst into tears.
	Allen was a bit confused when seeing her crying and laughing at the same time. He had no idea what was going on.
	"Grandma, grandpa, what's the matter?" Allen asked while tilting his head.
	"Oh, nothing. We are fine. We just happen to recall something exciting."
	Halbert also wanted to hug Allen. But Cathy still hugged him tight. Then they put him onto the bed and kept staring at him.
	"Halbert, just keep it a secret and don't tell Amy and Richard about it. We still don't know what happened to her when she lost her memory. As for Richard, he would definitely lose control if he knew it. We need to figure out what happened at that time besides the death of Stephen. We need to tell Amy the truth." Cathy soon came up with a plan and told Halbert to keep them in the dark first.
	Actually that was a photo of Richard when he was a kid. He looked almost the same as Allen in the photo. But now Grandpa John had gone. Only Halbert and Cathy knew that Allen was actually Richard's son.
	So they chose to keep it secret until they figured out the whole story. Only then would they announce it.
	Halbert put away the photo and then both of them walked out of the room with Allen.
	They showed Allen around the house as if nothing had happened just now. They even offered Allen a lot of nice snacks and they seemed to totally forget about Amy and Richard.
	While having lunch, Cathy was focusing on Allen. So Amy could take her time to enjoy the food. As Cathy fed Allen, he also did it to her. They looked so intimate. Seeing that, Halbert was also itching to get close to Allen.
	"Allen, you are so cute! Come on, here is a little golden lock necklace for you!" Halbert took out a little golden lock-shaped necklace from his pocket, which seemed like an antique one.
	"Oh, Mr. Halbert, we are so flattered." Amy hurried to wave her hand to refuse. She could tell that the necklace must be luxurious as its shell was made of gold while the content was made of jade.
	"Oh, Miss Newell, don't mention it. We really love Allen so we want to offer him a gift. We aren't up for something evil."
	Even Richard was stunned when noticing his dad's incredible enthusiasm. But when he looked at Allen again, he deemed it reasonable as Allen did look cute and adorable.
	"Miss Newell, please take it. My parents really love this kid. And that's their way to express their love. So they offered him gift." Richard explained with a smile.
	"Okay, Allen, say thanks to Grandpa Halbert." Since he said so, Amy chose to accept the kindness.
	After lunch, Richard and Halbert took Allen for a walk while Cathy led Amy to the garden.
	Cathy had planted a lot of medical herbals in the garden, where there also were filled with all kinds of blossoms. Even the air was overwhelmed with the fragrance of blossoms and herbals.
	While pointing at a plant, Cathy said to Amy, "Amy, this is called honeysuckle. But you might have only seen those dried one sold in the pharmacy. Have a look. The fresh one will definitely smell nice. We can fill it in a pillow for Allen. It will be conducive to a sound sleep."
	"Well, you have seen this one, right? It's dandelion and it's easy to nourish. I have only planted a few before. But after spring, they grew all over in the garden. You know what? The dandelion is quite useful though it costs less than a penny. It could be used as a kind of medicine. The scented tea I gave you before also contained dandelion." While walking around, Cathy was introducing her the plants.
	As time went by, they had walked for a long distance and Amy got to know a lot about herbals.
	They even collected a lot of dandelion and herbs, which was prepared for making tea for Allen.
	Amy could tell that Cathy was really friendly to her. However, she seemed to be even more enthusiastic about Allen once she met him. She always kept Allen in mind no matter what she did.
	She cooked favorite food for Allen. She would then make a pillow for Allen and even make tea for him as well.
	Noticing that she was so nice to Allen, Amy was also in a nice mood.
	After walking around for a while, both of them were about to enter the house.
	Since all the other family members including Grandma Eva had left, Cathy could finally enjoy a period of peaceful time.
	Nobody even had time to care about the trouble about William. After the check, Sophia was diagnosed as being infertile as expected. Feeling ashamed, she went back to her parents' house.
	Meanwhile, William had been taking care of Tessa so he had no time to pick up Sophia, which made the situation even more awkward.
	Before that, Cathy always chose to intervene and she would take the initiative to pick up Sophia when William was busy. But now Grandma Eva was in charge of the family. Since Grandma Eva didn't mention about it, Cathy didn't deem it necessary to pick up Sophia herself.
	When they reached the parlor, they seemed to hear someone shouting and it sounded like William, who was roaring through his phone.
	Cathy was confused as William should be taking care of the lying-in woman now. She was wondering why he was here.
Chapter 236 A Big Secret
	Both Cathy and Amy heard the roar in the house. They could tell that it was another voice. For Amy, she didn't know who it was when hearing the voice.
	Cathy led her into the parlor and saw William waving pieces of paper there while holding a phone with another hand and roaring.
	"Sophia White, get your ass back here! You fucking slut! How dare you play innocent and pure in front of me! You have only half an hour left! If you don't come back on time, I will sue you and divorce you!" after roaring, William smashed the phone on the ground.
	Richard was holding Allen into his arms tightly, who was totally scared while staring at William with his eyes filled with tears.
	"Allen, what happened?" both Cathy and Amy ran towards Allen. Seeing his grandma and mom coming, he burst into tears.
	"William, what's wrong with you! You scare him! You are also a father! Don't you know you should be nice to kid?" Cathy rushed over and punched him.
	But William simply ignored her while being punch, looking livid. But he suddenly squatted own and held his head with both arms, crying.
	Cathy picked up the piece of paper on the ground and took a look. After browsing it, she was also stunned, "How did you get it?"
	Halbert and Richard had no idea what was on the paper. They just saw that William went crazy after taking the paper from Allen. So Richard hurried to hold Allen into his arms.
	"The paper was brought by Allen." Said Richard. He took over the paper from Cathy and was also stunned.
	"Allen, where did you get it?" Richard asked softly.
	Sobbing, Allen didn't know what it was either. He had no idea why this man suddenly went mad.
	"I took it from that room." Allen pointed at Richard's bedroom.
	Both Cathy and Richard looked at him. Richard was also confused. So they held up Allen to enter the bedroom.
	Allen wiped off the tears and then pointed at the drawer which Amy once used to store her belongings.
	"That's it." Allen said.
	"I want to get the photo you were holding just now and have a look. But I couldn't find it and I saw some pieces of paper here. So I want to make a paper plane with it."
	Actually, Allen was curious about the photo Cathy and Halbert just took out. So he wanted to find it and had a look. But he entered the wrong room and he ran into Richard's room.
	"That have been placed here long time ago. Sophia used to be so mean to her but she still chose to hide it as a secret. But now it was Allen who exposed it. What a karma!" Holding the paper, Cathy took a look at Amy and then at Halbert.
	Of course, she was showing Halbert how nice she was. Though she had known about this dirty thing long time ago. She still chose to bury it for the sake of the family.
	Both Halbert and Richard knew what was going on but not Amy. She looked at them, confused. She couldn't help wondering every one of them looked so weird today.
	"Alright, there is nothing serious. Well, Richard, just lead Allen and Amy to visit the greenhouse. Let me deal with it." Cathy was a bit tired for walking for a while. But she hadn't shown them the greenhouse here.
	"Allen, let me take you and your mom to an interesting place! There are a lot of flowers and something funny. Let's go and have a look, okay?" seeing that Amy was about to leave, Richard hurried to hold up Allen and took them to the greenhouse.
	As a kid, Allen looked excited again when hearing that there would be something interesting.
	Since then, Amy also followed.
	Sophia returned soon, looking mad. She had been married with William for ten years and William had also been caring about her. He had never said such harsh words before. Though now he had a mistress and Sophia was infertile, he still talked to her cautiously before.
	So she had no idea what happened today. How dared he shout at her and forced her to be back! As angry as she was, she also decided to come back to argue with him.
	"William, how dare you! How dare you shout at me like that!" Sophia rushed to him and was about to slap him.
	However, William acted faster and slapped her hard first. Her face immediately turned swollen. Sophia then rushed over madly and scuffled with her.
	Both Cathy and Halbert went to pour themselves for a glass of water just now. When they returned, they were both stunned when seeing them scuffling. Cathy hurried to rush over to stop them. However, as they still kept scuffling fiercely, Cathy failed to stop the fight.
	William was also overwhelmed with anger. So he beat Sohpia so hard that she was soon black and blue all over. Of course, William also got hurt and his face and his arms were both heavily scratched by her.
	Then William kicked her away with great force.
	"William Carter, I gotta divorce you! You fucking bastard. How dare you hook up with a slut and beat me!" Sophia kept crying.
	Cathy rushed forward to comfort her. Seeing that her lips were swollen and she still kept crying, Cathy felt so sorry for her.
	"Alright, Sophia, don't be mad! You have been married for ten years! Can't you have a talk peacefully? Why do you still want a fight to deal with the problem?" Cathy then glared at William.
	"Mom, you have seen that, right? It was she who wanted to slap me first. I did this for self-defense only!" William's face was red and swollen and his glasses were also broken.
	While crying, Sophia was about to pounce on him again. However, Cathy stopped her, "Do you think you can beat him? When he still loved you, of course you can beat him as you want because he kept making compromise. Look at yourself! You are totally beaten up! Do you still want to get hurt? Get up and talk nicely!" as Cathy always looked queenly, both Sophia and William stopped after she shouted.
	Halbert handed Cathy a glass of water. Of course, Cathy was also livid because of that. No matter how nice she had been to her stepsons, they still irritated her frequently.
	"Mom, tell me! Did I do anything wrong? He called me back and shouted at me as if I were his enemy! Don't you know how mad I was!" Sophia said to Cathy.
	Hearing that, Cathy just kept silent and handed her the pieces of paper.
Chapter 237 Divorce!
	Seeing those pieces of paper, Sophia was in a moment of panic. She couldn't understand how William got it. But she still remembered Gina told her that she had already lost those pieces of paper. Did William happen to get this by chance? However, she still thought it incredible as it had been so many years.
	"How did you get it? It must be a set-up!" Sophia threw away those pieces of paper. Though she was agitated, she decided to deny it.
	"A set up? Obviously, the piece of report is an old stuff you have got long time ago. Do you think the set-up has been planned for a decade ago? You slut! How dare you play pure in front of me! How dare you cheat on me and keep me in the dark for years! Now everyone views me as a fucking joke!"
	William was so humiliated. Almost everyone in the family was aware that Sophia was sluttish but they all chose to keep it secret. If it weren't for this kid, he would still be fooled.
	Suddenly, he noticed that there was another kid in the house. But he had no idea who he was.
	"Mom, who is this kid? Why did he come here?" William asked Cathy.
	"The kid is the son of our guest. It's none of your business. Now you only need to deal with your own business instead of others'." Cathy replied.
	William thought for a while. Indeed, now he needed to figure out how to deal with his wife.
	"You said you didn't, right? Okay, Sophia White, I know this doctor and now he is still working in the hospital. They must have kept files for it. If not, you would be proved to be innocent. But if you did, I would definitely sue you in the court!"
	William was overwhelmed with the rage to beat her again when seeing her denying stubbornly.
	William happened to know about the names of the two doctors written on the report, one of whom was also the doctor-in-charge of Tessa's pregnancy. So the report should be valid.
	"William, I don't know what was going on with that! Believe me, it must be a fake one! I was indeed pure and innocent when I married you! You have to trust me!" now Sophia was no more arrogant and unruly as usual but panic and anxious.
	Of course, when William still loved her, he could make compromise about whatever she did. However, when the love withered, the compromise would be gone as well.
	"Trust you? I do want to trust you! But tell me what was going on? Do you think someone else faked you on the abortion report and also the vaginal repair operation? Tell me, who else would it be?" at the beginning, William might still leave her a chance if Sophia chose to confess.
	However, now he had made up his mind to divorce her.
	"William, we have been married for ten years! You know me well! Why don't you trust me but a piece of report!" Sophia tried to convince him in the name of marriage.
	Of course, William had been caring about her so she deemed herself that she might still have chance to fool him.
	"Sophia, enough! Of course I would rather trust the report! Though the report never speaks, it always turns to be honest. And it would never turn to be a liar!" William kicked her off again.
	"William, I promise I can let your kid stay in the family! I can offer whatever promise you want! Please, don't be mad at me! It's all my fault! I shouldn't have disdained your kid! Please, forgive me!" Sophia raised her head and saw from his eyes that William no more loved her as he had always done. Now he looked cold and sullen.
	"Just divorce. I don't want to spend the rest of my life with a liar. Your infertility must have resulted from your abortion, right? I am such a fool. I should have thought about it earlier." William didn't want to talk with her anymore. Then he turned around and was about to leave.
	Actually, he just came back to get his bank card today. He had never expected that he would happen to bump into such a shocking truth.
	William had been hesitating before because he always believed that Sophia married him as an innocent and pure girl. So he deemed himself necessary to bear the responsibility.
	However, now he felt much more relieved for his cheating on Sophia.
	"William, please, don't leave me! No!" Sophia went over to grab his thigh. However, William kicked her off again.
	"No! Halbert, Cathy, please do something! What should I do! What should I do!" Sophia walked over to turn to Halbert and Cathy as she saw how resolutely William left. The Carter Family was the most prestigious one in the R City. She tried so hard to get into it. Of course she had to try all means to stay.
	"Let's wait till Grandma Eva comes back. Just go back home to recover. Don't move around. See? You are badly hurt? It will only embarrass you if someone else sees you." Cathy didn't want to get involved. Since Grandma Eva was now in charge, just left it to her.
	Sophia felt her face burning hurt and she didn't dare to go back home now. So she had to get into her bedroom.
	"Alas, what a coincidence! Why did it appear in Richard's room? And why did William happen to notice that? What a karma!" Halbert sighed.
	"No one can hide the truth forever since it was her fault. Halbert, just go back to your room for a rest. I will go to see Amy and Allen." After quite a while, Cathy really wanted to see Allen again.
	"Well, I am not tired. Let me go with you." Halbert also miss Allen. So both of them went to the greenhouse.
	"Wow, mom! It's so funny! I love this place!" While playing on a swing, Allen kept laughing as he felt like flying in the air.
	"Allen, are you thirsty? I got you an ice cream!" as soon as Cathy entered, she heard his happy laughter. Then she handed him her homemade ice-cream.
	"Grandma, would you like to join? It's so funny!" seeing that both his grandparents were coming, Allen wanted to share the swing with them.
	"Oh, dear, I am afraid I can't. Come on, have an ice-cream first." Cathy put the ice-cream on the table and beckoned him over.
	All flowers and plants in the greenhouse were rare species imported from abroad as Cathy loved planting. When Grandma Eva was arguing with others in the parlor, she always came here alone to enjoy the peace when surrounded by plants.
	"Grandma, please have some ice-cream first!" Allen opened the lid of the colorful ice-cream. Then he spooned it for Cathy.
Chapter 238 Stay for Dinner
	For Cathy, it was the best ice-cream she had ever tasted in her life.
	Allen fed everyone present the ice-cream. After that, he began to enjoy it. He looked happy and delighted. It seemed that the shadow of being scared had all gone.
	"Grandma, did you make the ice-cream yourself?" while eating, Allen asked.
	As the ice-cream was only of small size, there was only a little left after he shared with everyone present.
	"Of course. Allen, if you like it, I can make more for you next time." Cathy hugged him tight and felt his soft and sweet body.
	Cathy could tell how tough Amy was as she juggled her job and Allen at the same time.
	"Okay, but I need to tell mom first!" Allen pointed at Amy, who was the only one in charge at home.
	"Okay, I will tell your mom then." Cathy kissed on his little cheek. Though he was her grandson, she couldn't announce yet and still needed to wait till the time came.
	Amy was about to ask if the trouble just now was settled. But she suddenly realized that it had nothing to do with her. Though it was Allen who got the report, the truth would still be exposed sooner or later as almost everyone in the Carter's family knew about it. So the report was nothing but a blasting fuse only.
	"Okay, it's time for us to go home. Sorry to bother you for a day long and we even got you a big trouble. I feel so sorry." Since they had been here for a whole day, Amy deemed that it was time for them to go home.
	"Oh, you can leave after dinner." Richard still wanted them to stay for a little longer and so did Cathy, "Yeah, we almost get ready for dinner. Just leave after dinner, okay?"
	"Yeah, it's just a dinner. It makes no difference wherever you have dinner. Just stay for a little longer." Halbert was also loath to part with Allen so soon.
	Richard was a bit confused as his parents really treated Allen as their own grandson.
	"Alright, thanks for your dinner." Amy looked at the watch and noticed that it was almost time for dinner. So it would be a bit awkward to leave now.
	Hearing that, Allen actually appeared to be the happiest one. He jumped up and down and kept jubilating. He loved to feel like part of the family here.
	After dinner, Cathy gave Amy a big package of scented tea, which she loved most.
	And Cathy also filled an ice jar with a lot of ice cream. It should be enough for Allen to enjoy for quite a few days as he was just a kid.
	Allen had been fiddling with the ice jar on their way home. He fancied more ice cream still. But he didn't dare to tell Amy about it. So he just played with the jar.
	"Do you still want more ice cream?" Amy noticed what he wanted.
	"Yeah, mom, you are so clever!" Allen smiled at her in a sweet voice.
	Amy also smiled and then she pulled over the car. She was about to get some ice cream for him.
	But she didn't notice that there had been a car tailing her from behind. When she just pulled over to get Allen some ice cream, someone knocked on the window.
	"Amy Miller! Is that you?" William saw her face clearly outside the car. He was so surprised. When he was arguing just now, he only focused on Sophia. So he didn't even notice Amy standing beside. But when he got out of the gate, he seemed to notice something different. He remembered that the kid was taken here by a lady and Cathy addressed her as Amy.
	So William had been waiting at the gate. When Amy came out, he had been tailing her.
	"Who are you? You must be mistaken." said Amy. Of course she could tell that it was the man who scuffled with his wife in the Carter's Mansion just now. Though Amy didn't recognize Sophia at the beginning, she thought for a while after that and was surprised to find that it was exactly the woman who set her up before. Both of them made an awful impression on her.
	"Amy, I am your brother-in-law! You have gone missing for five years! How do you come back now and you even have a kid! Who's his father?" William tried to extract some information from her.
	"My brother-in-law? Sorry, I don't know you. Now I need to feed my kid some ice cream. Please get off my car and don't disturb us." Amy huffed with a sullen face as William gave her a negative impression.
	"You don't know me? Amy Miller, don't be so proud of yourself! You are…" Wiliam still kept nagging outside the car.
	Then there came someone to stop William.
	"William, she is Miss Newell, the CEO of Newell Group. You must be mistaken. And I think what you should really care about is your own business." Matt huffed coldly.
	The news that William cheated on his wife had been spread all over the city. So almost everyone knew about it.
	"It's none of your business! Amy, why did you go missing at that time?" William still continued to ask.
	Seeing that William tried to extract the truth, Matt pushed him away and had the security guard drive him off.
	"Miss Newell, are you okay? Don't worry. He is just a mad guy." Matt had already known something about Amy earlier. So he changed his plan.
	"I am fine, Thank you." Amy took a look at him. It seemed that she had met him before when having a meeting in the city. He seemed to be the manager of Wilson Group.
	"Oh, it's fine. I just happen to notice that you got into trouble. That should be the duty of all gentlemen. It's really shameful to pester a lady. Miss Newell, you may continue to your business. I am leaving now." Matt talked to her politely and then left.
	Looking at his back, Amy seemed to feel that he looked a bit different from the moment they met last time. She was wondering if Matt came to bail her out on purpose.
	As a sophisticate lady fighting in the world of business, Amy had been experienced in judging one's character. So she could almost tell what was on his mind.
	But Amy didn't seem to care much about it. She didn't intend to waste her time on it. She could just wait and deal with it when the moment came.
	After feeding Allen some ice cream, Amy continued to d rive back home.
	"Miss Newell, we got a lot of bouquets for you as usual. What should we do with that?" her secretary pointed at a pile of flowers.
	Amy took a look and found that one of them was given by Matt and Andy also did the same. While the rest were given by some strangers.
	"Just keep this one and you can take away the rest." Amy deemed it too wasteful to dump them all. Though she hated Andy, she still loved the bouquets.
	"Really? Thank you, Miss Newell." The secretary then put Andy's bouquet into the vase and then she distributed the rest to her colleagues.
Chapter 239 Unbearable Heartache
	"Allison! You are finally here! Do you know how awful I felt today? I don't even know how Amy's son got my abortion report from nowhere and William saw that! He even beat me up!" Sophia cried desperately in front of Allison.
	"I thought I had made her die of anger at that time! Nor did I expect that she actually came back alive. Now she is even known as the president of Newell Group! What a lucky bitch! How did she turn to be the daughter of Dalton Newell?" Allison asked while drinking coffee. Actually, she showed no sympathy to what happened to Sophia as it was she herself who caused the trouble.
	"I don't know either. I am also confused. I don't understand why Mr. Newell made her his own daughter. If he just wanted to keep her as a mistress, he should have kept her away from his wife. But even Mrs. Newell loved Amy. That's so incredible." Sophia stopped crying and started to wonder.
	Amy had been her biggest enemy as soon as she came back. She once made Sophia apologize to her in public through newspaper and TV news. What was more, now she even exposed her secret in front of William. Now Sophia was so worried if Amy would continue to set her up again. So she decided to strike her first.
	"Now there is only one solution left. We need to help her return her memory. Only then would she never forgive Richard. And nor would she make up with him again!" Allison huffed fiercely.
	"Why?" Sophia asked carefully.
	"You don't need to know that. What you need to do is return her memory only. She can have a new start when her memory has gone. But what about us? We could do nothing about it but to watch her living a nice life? No, I can't!" Allison kept stirring up coffee and it even splashed out of the cup.
	"I hate her just like you! I would rather commit suicide if she could continue to live happily." Sophia gritted. Amy had been a bane against her. She couldn't even sleep at ease if Amy was still alive.
	"Well, it seems that we need some time to plan for it. Let's see what we should do to get her memory back. Everyone around her wants her to remember what happened in the past, right? Just let us do them a favor." Allison smiled evilly.
	'Amy, I beg your heart would be ripped off once you know the truth.'
	"Who gave me the bouquet?" when Richard reached Amy's office every day, he could see a bouquet in the vase.
	"Mr. Baker, I suppose. Well, I don't expect he actually know that I love pink roses!" Amy sniffed and enjoyed the light and sweet fragrance of rose. It seemed that she did feel refreshed.
	"But I remember that you love jasmine and gardenia, right?" Richard asked.
	"Oh, how do you know that? Well, I love all kinds of scented flowers. I beg you don't know that, huh?" Amy was a bit surprised to know that Richard was so scrupulous that he actually knew something about what she liked.
	"Well, I have just got a pot of gardenia for you and it should be sent here soon. Just spare the desk and put it here later." Richard moved the vase of rose to a corner and then cleaned the spot.
	"Miss Newell, here is your gardenia." The secretary entered while holding a pot of blossoming gardenia. As soon as she entered, the office was filled with the fragrance. It smelt fresh and nice.
	"Miss Newell, it's so scented! Look, the blossom looked tender and fair. So beautiful!" the secretary was about to sniff again while holding it. But Richard hurried to grab it.
	"Just put it here. It not only smells good, but also helps to refresh your brain. I should help your work." Richard then put the gardenia beside Amy.
	Amy was still a bit restrained at the beginning and she wanted to take away the gardenia when he left. But she was so intoxicated by the fragrance.
	"Well, just put it here. Go to get me a cup of tea." Amy didn't want him to notice that she actually loved it so much. So she came up with an excuse to get him out.
	"Miss Newell, Richard seems to have feelings for you. He looks so charming and he is also the son of Halbert Carter, the president of the Carter Group. Though he looked a bit weird before, now he seems to totally recover." Seeing that Richard walked out of the office, the secretary whispered to Amy.
	"You have finished your work, huh? Come on, just give it to every department." Amy was amused by her. Then she gave her a pile of files. Actually, she wanted to make Richard do this job. Now there was only the secretary left here.
	Though the secretary loved joking with her, she had been working for Mr. Newell before. So she was capable and productive. And Amy was satisfied with her work.
	Richard returned with a cup of tea while Amy was sniffing the gardenia with a bright smile. It seemed that she really loved it.
	Seeing that Richard was about to push the door to enter, Amy hurried to sit up straight and continued to work.
	"Miss Newell, the scented tea today contains dandelion and chrysanthemum. It benefits your eyes." Richard put the cup of tea in front of her.
	"Okay, great. Just take a seat." Amy beckoned her to sit down as he had nothing else to do.
	Of course, Amy could feel that Richard was nice to her. But she didn't want to fall in love with him yet. Even she herself had no idea why her heart began to ache as soon as she thought of Richard.
	"Well, I'd better get back to my office. Let me see if there is something else I need to do. I don't want to get into procrastination." Richard still felt a bit uneasy staying here.
	"Okay. I will call you if I need anything." Amy also felt the same way. But she was too shy to speak it out.
	Richard then pushed the door opened to leave. But Amy lost in thought again. Richard's face still popped out in her mind from time to time.
	And her heart began to ache again. It felt so painful that tears welled up in her mind. So she took out a vial and took some pills.
	'No! I feel so bad and my heart keeps aching when he stays by my side. Did I once get involved in a feud against him before? Is he up for something so he chooses to get close to me?' Amy covered her chest and started to plan to fire Richard.
	But her heart still ached badly after she took the pills. She couldn't help sliding off from the chair and slumped onto the ground. However, the pain still kept going. So she curled herself up on the ground.
	"Miss Newell? Are you here?" when Richard entered the office again with a pile of sorted files. He didn't see her sitting on the chair. Nor did he see her go out.
	"I am here!" Amy said weakly while curling up on the ground.
Chapter 240 Post Trauma
	He didn't see her in the office. When he was about to leave, a weak voice sounded from the corner, "I am here." Amy's heart ached so much that even the pills failed to alleviate it.
	Richard hurried to rush over and saw the pale face of Amy.
	"Amy, what happened?" Richard hurried to hold her up and he totally forgot to address her as Miss Newell. Instead, he called her name.
	"Take me to the hospital." After saying that, she fainted away. Her heart ached even more when she saw Richard.
	Richard held her up and rushed into the elevator. He put her into the car and drove to the hospital at full speed.
	Andy was doing inspection in the hospital at the same time. Then he got a call from Richard, who told him that Amy needed emergency treatment and they were about to arrive. Hearing that, Andy took off his suit and changed himself into white gown for doctor.
	Andy and all the other doctors were all waiting at the gate. Soon, Richard arrived. As soon as he stopped, he hurried to take Amy out of the car. The doctors hurried to rush over with a stretcher. Then Amy was put onto it, looking pale.
	Doctors hurried to push her into the emergency room while Andy was running ahead. Then he entered the room but Richard was stopped.
	After making a full-body check for her, Andy was surprised to find that everything about Amy was fine. But she was still in coma.
	"Mr. Baker, what should we do? I have never seen such a weird situation. All her organs still function as usual but she is still in coma." Even the experts had no idea what to do about it.
	"We have a check and notice that the patient has taken a kind of painkiller an hour ago. But it's just a mere painkiller and it only targets at pain mitigation." Another doctor brought over the report.
	Andy checked all the data by himself. As expected, Amy was fine judged by the report. He couldn't help wondering if it had something to do with her memory loss.
	"Just give her an infusion to mitigate the pain. Let me ask something about her situation at that time." Andy walked out of the emergency room and saw Richard, who was waiting anxiously.
	"How is she?" Richard hurried to walk over when seeing Andy come out.
	"She is still unconscious. I want to know how she looked when you saw her." Andy asked.
	Richard thought for a while, "I was about to send her some files. But I didn't see her when I entered. When I was about to leave, I heard her voice. And she just curled herself up at the corner beside her chair." Richard stated what he saw.
	"Oh, so she was in the office when she fainted, right? And you didn't see that?" Andy asked again.
	"Yeah, when I saw her, she made me send her to the hospital." Richard still fixed his eyes on the emergency room, not knowing if Amy was fine.
	"Okay, I need to get in to have a look again. Her organs still function healthily. But I have no idea why she is still in coma." Andy told him Amy's situation.
	Amy was still frowning as if she were dreaming. Sweat kept streaming down from her cheek.
	"Wipe off her sweat. Don't make her catch a cold." Andy said to a nurse. Then the nurse began to wipe off her sweat with towel.
	Andy touched her head. He could tell that she wasn't in a fever. But she still sweated.
	Suddenly, Amy woke up with a start. More sweat dropped down from her body.
	"Where am I?" she looked exactly the same when Stephen passed away years ago. She was also trapped in coma at that time.
	"Amy, you are in the hospital. Do you feel sick?" Andy asked.
	"I…I feel my heart aching so much. It really hurts and even the painkiller didn't work. That was the most painful one I have experienced for all these years." Amy vaguely remembered that she once experienced the same pain before. But she still failed to recall when and where.
	"Did you recall something? Or did you recall someone else?" Andy asked patiently.
	"No, I didn't. But I did think of someone I know—Richard Carter, my assistant. I have no idea why my heart aches so much as soon as I think of him." Amy always noticed that her situation was so weird. Though her heart had been aching for all these years, it only lasted for less than a second before. And sometimes the painkiller worked. But she felt like dying out of pain this time.
	Hearing that, Andy realized that it was a post trauma. Though Amy lost her memory, she still kept Richard in her mind. Perhaps her heart ached because she had seen something about him. That was why her heart ached so much as soon as she saw him.
	But now he still had to keep it from Amy. It would only make her more painful if she recalled what happened at that time. And fortunately, the current pain was just temporary.
	"Did Richard offend you?" Andy shifted the topic.
	Amy thought for a while and she didn't deem herself so narrow-minded that her heart would ache even if Richard got her mad.
	"No, I suppose. He does a good job recently. He didn't do anything to offend me." She replied honestly.
	"Okay, just take a deep breath with me. Perhaps your heart ached because of annoyance. Just follow me. Now inhale some air…and breathe it out…repeat it once again…" Andy showed her how to take a deep breath again and again.
	After doing it for half an hour, Amy felt much more relieved.
	"Thank you, Mr. Baker. I feel much better." Amy said thanks to him.
	"Well, Richard is still waiting outside the room. Do you want him to come in?" Andy thought that it might still be fine even though she saw Richard now.
	"Alright, just let him in." As Richard had been working with her for quite a while, she still wanted to talk to him.
	"Okay, everyone is free to move out. Alright, I am leaving now. There is still something waiting for my disposal in the company." Andy looked at his watch. He had delayed the meeting for an hour and a half. So now he needed to be back urgently.
	"Okay, just go ahead with your work. Thank you, Mr. Baker." She said farewell to him.
	"Amy, are you okay? You really scared me to death! Do you want some food? Or do you want something to drink?" Richard walked into the emergency room. He could tell that Amy was fine and she looked much better than before though her face was still slightly pale.
Chapter 241 I'm Not Hungry
	Richard sputtered a lot, and when Amy heard him call her "Amy," her heart started to ache.
	"Richard, you've crossed the line. Please call me Miss Newell," said Amy with a straight face.
	Richard was embarrassed by being interrupted. He was so anxious that he forgot the address.
	"Miss Newell, what do you want to eat or drink?" Amy was put on intravenous drip, so Richard treated her with great care.
	"I want some water chestnut cakes, the one you bought last time, and a cup of hot chocolate." Amy had a sweet tooth every time she got heartache.
	"OK, Miss Newell, I will go to buy it right away. Have some rest and I'll call a nurse to take care of you." Richard hurried to buy food.
	Soon a nurse came in. She smiled at Amy, "Miss Newell, please take a rest first, I will change the medicine when it's used up."
	"Thank you very much. I'll get some sleep." Although she had been in a coma for so long just now, Amy did not get a good rest as she always had nightmares. The bright and red scene in her dream made her very painful.
	As the pain went away, Amy was more relaxed. She lied on the bed and quickly fell asleep.
	Richard drove to Cathy's restaurant and bought two boxes of freshly made water chestnut cakes, then he got a cup of hot chocolate.
	When he came back an hour later, Amy was in bed, soundly asleep, and the nurse was guarding by Amy's bedside.
	Richard let the nurse out, and he was watching over Amy personally.
	Amy had a very comfortable sleep with no nightmares and no one to disturb her.
	If Amy wasn't hungry, she probably wouldn't get up until dark. She had much work to deal with and seldom had time to rest.
	"Richard?" The first person Amy called when she opened her eyes was Richard.
	"Yes, here I am. Drink some water first, and then have some food." Richard hurried to Amy as soon as he heard her call him.
	Amy took the glass of water and drank it down in one gulp. Then she ate the water chestnut cakes and drank the hot chocolate. Soon, she perked herself up.
	The drip was almost finished and Amy wanted to go back.
	"Miss Newell, do you need more break?" Richard asked.
	"No, I'm fine now. I have to go back. I had left my work undone for a whole day and I need to work overtime tonight." Amy stretched herself. She could take a day off, but she couldn't get used to having rest for days on end.
	Richard supported Amy out of the hospital and back into the office. Everyone was off duty by this time.
	"Miss Newell, we can have dinner before we work overtime, or your heart will hurt ache again if you are hungry." Richard suggested.
	"No, no, didn't I just have water chestnut cake? I'm not hungry right now." Amy was about to walk into the office when Richard took her by the arm and went across the street.
	There was a new restaurant there. Hilary had tried it before, and she recommended it to Richard.
	It was just right that he could try it with Amy.
	"Well, Richard, I don't want to eat now." But Richard carried Amy across the street to the restaurant.
	Amy was angry and ignored him. Richard ordered the food she loved and tried to get into conversation with her.
	"Miss Newell, water chestnut cake is just snack and it can't be taken for dinner. And it is very digestible. You will soon be hungry."
	"The most delicious food in this restaurant is paella, which has all kinds of seafood that you love."
	"Look, this shrimp is very fresh, isn't it? Try some. Hilary recommended it to me. She said it is very suitable for your taste," Richard said. Then he gave a peeled shrimp to Amy.
	Amy turned her face away. She was very angry that Richard had crossed the line and he didn't take her words to heart.
	"Try it, don't be angry. After you have dinner, you can scold me as you like. But now you have to listen to me." Richard put the shrimp into Amy's mouth.
	Amy chewed it and found that the shrimp was very delicious, tender and fresh.
	She looked at the paella, which really contained a lot of food that she like, like abalone, clams, and shrimps.
	She looked at the bright color and she was about to drool.
	Richard handed over a spoon and had a bite of the paella. It was really delicious.
	In a moment, Amy finished the paella and the shrimps Richard peeled for her.
	She was very full now, but Richard came with and ice cream.
	Amy couldn't resist it and ate it up. She was now too full to walk now.
	"I'm so full." Amy exclaimed.
	Suddenly, she realized that Richard didn't seem to have eaten anything today. He took care of her the whole day and didn't have time to eat.
	"Richard, aren't you hungry? It seems that you haven't had anything." Amy thought that she should be concerned with her employees.
	"I'm not hungry," Richard said with a smile.
	But Amy didn't believe him. He hadn't had anything the whole day. How could he not be angry?
	Amy looked at the menu, and suddenly she felt touched. There was only seafood here, so Richard couldn't eat it, but he took her here.
	He took her here for a meal, even if he had to be hungry.
	"Come on." Amy stopped asking as there was nothing he could eat here.
	Richard followed her out.
	"Richard, could you see the restaurant over there? Let's go there." Amy said to Richard, pointing to a restaurant in the distance.
	"No, no, Miss Newell, I'll have dinner myself. Shouldn't you go to work now" Richard was afraid that he could delay Amy's work, and Allen was waiting for her at home.
	"I don't work overtime today. Let me accompany you to have a meal, then you send me home." Amy felt that if she did not work overtime for a day, she could still finish her work. But if she went back to work now, she might feel very lonely.
Chapter 242 Matt's Visits
	Richard was excited about Amy not working overtime but to have dinner with him.
	"Richard, what are you laughing at?" Cathy was puzzled by Richard grinning from ear to ear like a fool as he sat alone on the sofa.
	"Huh? Am I laughing?" When Richard heard his mother's words, he was surprised. Was he that obvious?
	"Yes, you've been laughing for an hour. It's already ten o 'clock. Don't you want to sleep and laugh all night?" Cathy was no longer surprised at her son's special behavior over the past five years.
	"It's ten o 'clock? I'll go wash up and go to bed." Richard found that it was really late. His parents had already finished watching TV and were ready for bed.
	"Halbert, do you think there's something wrong with the kid? Should we do something for him?" Cathy said to her husband.
	"What can we do? Now that Amy doesn't remember anything. Just stop worrying about it and let him deal with it." Halbert's mind was still on his grandchild. The thought of him made his heart warm and soft.
	"But I miss Allen. Is there anything you can do to get Allen to come to our house? Or we could go see Allen." Halbert was not so interested in his son's matters anymore. He only had his grandson on his mind.
	"Well, I was thinking about that, too. Why don't we just visit Amy at the weekend? She won't turn us away, right? I have to make something delicious for my grandson." Cathy hailed her idea. It was not appropriate to bring Allen to the house as there were many people here. Going to see him was the best idea.
	Dressed in a black suit, Amy walked into Newell Group when a man came up to her holding a bunch of flowers.
	"Morning, Miss Newell, we haven't seen for a long time," Matt said with a nice smile on his face.
	"Are you Mr. Wilson?" Amy already knew Matt. The last time when William pestered her, it was Matt who helped her out.
	"Oh, I am so glad that Miss Newell remembers me. Here's for you." Matt held the bouquet to Amy.
	The huge bouquet of pink roses was dotted with gardenias, but Amy didn't accept it.
	"Mr. Wilson, if you have anything to say, please come to my office. I won't accept the flowers," Amy said to Matt.
	"All right, but it's strange that a man is holding flowers, right?" said Matt as he showed the flowers.
	"Mandy, take the flowers." Amy said to the girl at the reception desk.
	That young lady hurriedly took the flowers ad sniffed it.
	Matt looked embarrassed, thinking that this might what all the flowers he sent ended up every day.
	"Come on, Mr. Wilson," Amy said to him and Matt followed her into the elevator.
	"Miss Newell, regarding the cooperation between Newell Group and Wilson Group, I wonder why it hasn't started after so long?" Sitting opposite Amy, Matt found that there was a pot of gardenia on Amy's desk. It was in full bloom, and the fragrance filled the whole office.
	No wonder she was not so interested in his flowers, but it didn't matter. He would be taking his time. Now Amy was the CEO of Newell Group, he could ride on her coattails.
	Matt was dreaming, as if he had already seen himself being the president of Wilson Group.
	"I don't think that plan is mature. Oh, right. Since you are here, could you take it back and do some modifications?" Amy found out the cooperation plan with Wilson Group and put it on the desk.
	Matt took the plan, which was made by himself. He was trying to be cleaver in many proposals, but Amy found it out.
	"All right, I'll modify it. I wonder if Miss Newell is free tonight? I would like to invite you to have a dinner and talk about the modification of the plan, is that OK?" Matt put the plan aside, looking at Amy.
	Amy was much more mature than she was five years ago. There was no longer innocence and childishness in her eyes now, but shrewdness and calculation.
	"Sorry, I don't have time. If Mr. Wilson wants to discuss anything about the plan, you can talk to my assistant in the conference room." Amy looked at Matt, who was greasy, and made Amy very uncomfortable.
	"Oh, all right. I crossed the line. I'll invite Miss Newell when I get a chance. I'll go back first." Matt did not pester Amy. He was very measured now. She was a very reserved girl when he won her heart before. He had the confidence that he could do so as well because he knew Amy's weakness.
	As Matt left, Hannah went in.
	"Amy, it's me, Hannah." Hannah was afraid Amy would forget about her, so she introduced herself first.
	"Hannah, I remember you. Come and see what's going on here." Amy beckoned her over.
	Hannah walked up to Amy with something in her hand.
	"Did you see my eyebrows? Why one is high and the other is low? I always feel them very strange." Amy had been annoyed by her eyebrow shapes for a long time.
	"Ah, let me see." Hannah put aside what she was holding and looked at Amy's eyebrows carefully.
	"No, they are of the same height." Hannah didn't think anything was out of place.
	"But look in the mirror. They're different." Amy pointed at herself in the mirror, and her brows were different.
	"No, Amy. When you look at yourself in the mirror, one of your eyes is raised, so your eyebrow is also raised. But when you look at me, your eyes are on a level. It's all right." Hannah found out what the problem was.
	"Oh, yes, I looked at myself in the mirror this morning, and I felt them strange. I was going to go to Mr. Smith's to shave them." Amy was relieved to know why her eyebrows were different.
	She was worried about how she was going to meet people with the strange eyebrows, but she ended up meeting someone she didn't like early in the morning.
	"Amy, this is cubilose I made for you. Try it. I heard your heart aches sometimes. Eat more nutritious food." Hannah, who was married, learned a lot cooking skills from her mother.
	She learned from Andy that Amy's heart would ache sometimes, which should be the sequela of her amnesia. She felt very distressed because Amy's parents were gone, and she felt that she was Amy's family member.
	What Mr. And Mrs. Newell would think if they knew Hannah's thoughts?
Chapter 243 The Assistant Was very Nice
	Amy made a big mistake when Mr. Philip invited her to dinner last time, and they didn't enjoy the dinner. So, Amy decided to invite Philip to dinner. She hadn't mentioned the cooperation plan to Philip yet, and they could discuss it this time.
	"Richard, could you help me book a private box in Royal Restaurant? I'm going to invite Mr. Philip to dinner." Amy had always wanted to send Richard away, but she was getting more and more used to asking Richard to ran some errands for her.
	"Okay, I'll make a reservation right away. Is it on Friday night?" Richard asked.
	Amy hadn't told him what time it was. How did he know it was Friday night?
	"Isn't it?" Richard saw that Amy looking at him in a strange way, so he wondered had her habit changed?
	"Yes, Friday night. I will not go back after work in the afternoon. Tell the family not to prepare my meal." Amy took Richard completely as her own man.
	"All right, I'll do it right away." Richard went out.
	Amy continued to improve the cooperation plan with Philip. Suddenly, her cell phone vibrated. It was a text message from Hannah.
	"Have you eaten the gelatin cake yet? You suffer from anemic. Remember to have some." Hannah brought her some gelatin the last time she came here. Hannah even knew that she suffered from anemic. It seemed that she really did not have any secrets.
	Amy took out a few pieces of gelatin cake from the drawer and tried some. They were indeed delicious, and Amy tried more. There were walnuts, jujube and so on, which seemed to be made by Hannah's mother. Amy couldn't stop and ate a lot.
	Every day at a certain time, Hannah would send her a text, and Amy developed a habit to eat the gelatin cake every day. Soon she finished them within a few days.
	But Amy didn't tell Hannah about that. Hannah told her that she'd better not eat more than five pieces a day, but Amy forgot it and ate a lot.
	Now there were several ulcers in her mouth. It hurt even when she drank water.
	"Richard, what should I eat if I suffer from ulcer? My mouth hurts." Amy said to Richard with her eyes red.
	"Ulcer? What did you eat these days? I've paid attention to your diet. You shouldn't have eaten something inappropriate." Amy's healthy condition was not so well, and she was easy to get sick. So, Richard had always paid attention to her eating habit.
	"I... I ate a lot of gelatin cakes. Hannah's mother made them. They're so delicious that I ate a lot." Amy honestly told the truth. She did not expect that she would suffer from ulcer.
	"I'm going to get some medicine for you right now. You have an appointment with Philip tomorrow. I have to check what you should have tomorrow night." Richard was anxious.
	'Richard is still quite good. He's not as lunatic as the rumor says.' thought Amy. Due to his abnormal behavior, rumor had it that Richard wasn't mentally healthy.
	'Well, he's a nice guy and quite reliable. Whatever problems I encounter, he'll help me out. He's much more intelligent than my secretary.'
	When Richard got the medicine, he hurried to call Cathy and asked her to make some tea for Amy.
	"You have to be careful with your eating diet, or you will suffer from ulcer." Richard rattled on like an old man, but Amy didn't talk back.
	"I'm coming. Oh, how did you suffer from ulcer?" Cathy put aside the things she was carrying and looked at Amy.
	"It's all right, auntie. I have taken some medicine and I'll be fine soon." Amy didn't expect that Richard would call his mother over. She wondered why the family would treat her so well?
	"Well, Amy, take your medicine with this tea and you'll feel better in no time. Richard told me you have an appointment tomorrow, so I added some powerful anti-fever medicine into the tea." Cathy poured out the tea.
	Amy had a feeling that they were a family, but she quickly shook her head. If they were a family, why didn't they tell her? Might be it was just because Richard liked her and the whole family liked her as well.
	"Hello, Amy. We meet again." When Mr. Philip saw Amy, he felt very happy. He checked out the whole story of this girl and found that she was a very excellent businesswoman.
	"Hello, Mr. Philip. I'm very happy to see you again. I'm sorry about what happened last time." Amy didn't bring Richard today. Instead, she brought her secretary Mandy.
	"No, no, no, it was an accident. What's there to be sorry about? Take a seat. Where's your assistant?" Philip saw that Amy didn't bring Richard here.
	"Oh, he has other things to attend to today, so he is not here. This is my secretary, Mandy." Amy introduced Mandy to Mr. Philip.
	"Philip, since everyone's here, can we eat now?" Allison felt left out as Philip didn't introduce her, so she hinted him.
	"Oh, nice to meet you, Mrs. Philip. Just the four of us, and we can eat now." Amy didn't like Mrs. Philip, but she had to be polite.
	Then they started to eat.
	The dishes were ordered by Richard according to Mr. Philip's and Amy's taste.
	"Amy, your father and I did have some cooperation, but we contacted less these years, and I have the intention to cooperate with you this time. Do you have any cooperation projects?" Over dinner, Mr. Philip proposed his willingness to cooperate with Amy.
	It hit Amy's fancy. She came here for the cooperation.
	"Oh, Mr. Philip, that's what I mean. Philip Group is a big international company, and we'd like to work with you. Let's eat first and then discuss the details." Out of politeness, Amy asked Mr. Philip to have dinner first before they talked about the business.
	"Really, I can't wait to hear more from you! When Mr. Philip heard that, he became interested.
Chapter 244 A Pleasant Dinner
	Philip was interested in Amy's proposal. Although he had heard that Amy was a very excellent business person, but he hadn't had any contact with her, so he had no idea of what kind of person was she.
	"It's not in a hurry. Let's eat first. There is so much food here. It's a pity that we waste it. Mr. Philip, cheers!" Amy held her orange juice to Mr. Philip.
	Mr. Philip also raised his wine glass and they clinked glass. He also felt that he was too anxious because he was too busy with his business.
	Allison had been observing Amy. She really suffered from amnesia. If not, she wouldn't be so calm.
	"Miss Newell, I heard that you have just come back. How long have you lived in France?" Allison raised her glass to Amy.
	"I've been in France a long time. I think I have been there since I was born." Amy knew nothing of her past
	"Oh, well, cheers," Allison was going to take it one step at a time.
	"Cheers." There was no wine, but juice today.
	Amy took a sip of her orange juice. It tasted good.
	"Mrs. Philip, have some food." Amy asked Allison to have dinner.
	Allison thanked her and began to eat. She sat quietly beside Mr. Philip and listened to their conversation.
	After dinner, Amy and Mr. Philip sat on a sofa. Soon a waiter came with tea.
	"What kind of tea is this? It smells scent and tastes good!" Philip knew that Amy liked tea a lot, but he had never tasted such tea before.
	"It's made by my friend's mother. It's said that it's made with a variety of flowers and some herbal medicine, so it's good for health and sleep. I heard that you have poor sleep. I've prepared some tea for you and you can take with them." Amy really had a good taste.
	"Oh, thank you. I like that!" Philip nodded his head heavily. The tea smelt so fragrant and he liked it very much.
	"Mr. Philip, I know that your business is involved in finance, real estate, jewelry and other fields, and they are all leading enterprises in these fields. You have a very mature set of management mode. If I cooperate with you in those areas, I'll need your support, and you will be very burdened." Amy analyzed the situation of the two companies.
	"It doesn't matter. It's my honor to cooperate with you." Mr. Philip didn't think he would suffer.
	"Mr. Philip, let's work on projects like entertainment and shopping centers." Amy passed Philip her plan.
	"They are very profitable projects no matter where you are. Everyone will go shopping and enjoy, and neither of us have started familiar business. These will be new projects for both of us. It would be anew star. Will you be interested, Mr. Philip?" Amy offered her own suggestion.
	"No, it won't work. We have no experience in these projects. We'll lose money. We should do what we are familiar with so that we can make a profit." When Allison heard Amy's proposal, she immediately objected.
	"I'm very interested in it, Amy. I'll take whatever you say into consideration. I'll go over your proposal and give you a phone call." Mr. Philip thought Amy was very interesting. She should have an accurate insight. And actually, Mr. Philip had long been interested in the projects Amy had mentioned.
	Great minds think alike.
	"OK, if you have any suggestions, please call me, and I will change it. I hope for a pleasant cooperation between us and let's make more money!" Seeing that Philip agreed with her, Amy thought that there should be no problem with her bold attempt.
	Allison wanted to interrupt them, but Mr. Philip stopped her. It was fine for Allison to be his secretary and wife, but she was no match for Amy in business.
	Although Allison was very angry, she was afraid of Mr. Philip. Although Philip doted on Allison when he should, he did not care about Allison's feelings when he was serious.
	So, they ended the dinner happily. When Amy went out the door, she saw Richard waiting for her.
	"Finished?" asked Richard as he saw Amy came out and made way to her.
	"Yes. Richard, why didn't you come in for a drink today?" Mr. Philip had a good impression on Richard. He looked very nice and he seemed to like Amy a lot.
	"Oh, I had something to do today, so I couldn't come. I'm here to pick up Miss Newell. Mr. Philip, how is the food today?" Richard chatted merrily with Philip.
	After that, Mandy went home herself and Richard took Amy home.
	Richard had always been with Amy, but Amy didn't want him to come with her to dinner today, as the way Mrs. Philip saw Richard made her very uncomfortable.
	"Have you eaten today?" Amy thought she should be concerned with Richard.
	"No." Richard had been waiting outside the private room and was not in the mood to eat.
	"You haven't eaten yet?" Amy didn't think that Richard hadn't had dinner.
	"Well, I was not in the mood to eat. Were the dishes delicious?" Richard wondered if Amy liked the dishes he ordered.
	"Yes. Come to my home. Let me cook you some noodle." Amy felt a little guilty, so she wanted to make up to Richard.
	"Yes, but my parents are at your house." Richard suddenly said to Amy.
	"Your parents are in my house? Why? How did they know where my house is?" When Amy heard Richard's parents were at her home, she thought he was lying to her again.
Chapter 245 Take the Liberty of Bringing His Parents to Amy's Home
	"Grandma, throw the ball over." Allen's voice sounded in the house.
	"Come on, baby. Catch the ball. Pass it to grandpa! Ah! Be careful." Cathy's voice came from the house.
	"Richard, why are your parents in my house?" Although Amy could hear that they were playing happily, she was still very unhappy.
	"My mom said she wanted send Allen something to eat and made some ice cream for Allen, so I sent them over." Richard knew Amy was going to be angry. He didn't ask her for permission before he sent his parents over.
	"But you ought to have told me. How could you take the liberty in bringing them here? Did you take me seriously?" Amy was furious.
	"You are always important to me," said Richard seriously.
	"Be serious. If you continue to be frivolous, just hand in your resignation letter!" Amy looked at Richard angrily.
	"Why should I resign? I haven't done anything harmful to Newell Group!" Richard was anxious when he heard that Amy wanted to drive him away.
	"You treat my house as your own home and that is disrespectful to your boss, which is also harmful to the company! Just resign the next Monday and get your salary in the financial department." After that, Amy went in the house.
	"Mom, mom, look. My grandparents are coming to play with me." Allan ran to Amy with the ball in his arms as she went in.
	He had a good time today. His forehead was wet as he was having great fun. Amy squatted down and touched his back, which was already covered with a towel.
	"It's OK, I have given him a towel. He won't catch a cold. It's good for the child to get some exercises," Cathy said to Amy with a smile.
	Amy wanted to ask Cathy and Halbert to leave, but seeing that they were both tired after playing with Allen, she couldn't bear to drive them away.
	"Oh, thanks auntie. You've been for a long time, right? Drink some water. Why don't serve tea to the guests?" Amy softened her voice and said to her servants.
	A man immediately came to serve tea for Cathy and Halbert.
	"We told them that we didn't need the tea. It's not their fault." Cathy thought Amy was angry because the servants didn't treat them well and felt touched.
	"Auntie, take a sit. I go get changed," said Amy and went upstairs.
	Richard walked in. He would not quit. He had to stay at Newell Group.
	"Richard, you must be tired. Did Amy scold you?" Cathy was a little nervous about rashly coming to Amy's house without informing her. No one knew why Amy would become Dalton's daughter.
	But Dalton treated Amy very well. The villa of the Newell family was not worse than that of the Rong family. The servants here were very well trained.
	Dalton had a son, but he asked Amy to manage the whole Newell Group. It could be seen that he attached great importance to Amy, but why?
	Cathy and Halbert had a lot of questions in their minds, but they may know all the answers before long, or they may be kept in the dark forever.
	"No, she's really happy you guys came to see Allen," Richard said to his parents.
	"Oh, that's great. I was afraid she would be annoyed by our sudden visit." Cathy was relieved to hear that.
	Amy changed into a black house dress and walked downstairs. She was a very young woman, but her clothes were all black. Although she was very beautiful, it didn't accord with her age. She was only in her twenties.
	"Amy, sorry for coming here so suddenly without telling you. Since you are back, we should leave now." Cathy didn't think Amy was happy to see them being here.
	"Well, bye, then." Amy wanted Cathy and Halbert to leave as soon as possible.
	Cathy and Halbert were very embarrassed and left. Amy was not happy at all.
	"Miss Newell, I'll see my parents off, and I'll be right back soon." Richard was afraid that someone would lock the door.
	Amy ignored him. Richard sent his parents in the car and came back.
	"What did you come back for?" Amy still kept a stern look. She was feeling a little guilty before, but Richard was getting more and more bold.
	"Miss Newell, didn't you say you'll cook noodles for me? You haven't cooked yet, so I can't go." Richard looked down at Amy. He was six fee, three inches, much taller than Amy, which made Amy look as small as a bird.
	"You want to eat noodles?" Amy didn't expect Richard to remember that.
	"Miss Newell, you're not a person who will break your word, are you?" Richard just sat on the couch and waited for Amy to cook noodles for him. I haven't had anything yet and he was really hungry.
	"All right, I'll do it now, and you'll get out of here when you finish eating!" Amy stormed into the kitchen.
	"Uncle Carter, why are you pissing my mother off?" Allen rubbed himself against Richard's foot, sat on it, and looked at Richard with pity in his eyes.
	"Allen, do you like your grandparents?" Richard asked Allen as he picked him up.
	"Yes, I like my grandparents very much. They can play with me and cook for me." Allan was every happy when he could play and eat. His mother said that she would send him to kindergarten in a month, and then he would not play so freely.
	"Oh, that's great! I just let your grandparents come and play with you and cook you some food, but it angered your mother because I didn't discuss it with her," Richard said to Allen.
	"We have to get mother's permission before we make any decision. Uncle Carter, my mother won't be angry if you apologize to her. Really, that's what I used to do." Allen gave Richard a suggestion.
	"Oh, well. Thanks, Allen." As Amy came out with a bowl of noodles, Richard thanked Allen in a low voice.
	"Allen, it's late. Go to bed." Amy asked Allen to leave Richard.
	"Yes, Mother." Allen scurried away, and as he left, he gave Richard a quick look and wished him good luck.
	"Finish the noodles quickly!" Amy said impatiently.
Chapter 246 Richard, You Should Resign
	Richard walked to the table, sat down, picked up the chopsticks and took a bite of noodles. The noodles looked delicious and smelled good. But Richard paused after one bite.
	"What's wrong? Isn't it delicious?" Amy said with a gloomy face. Her face was even darker than the clothes she was wearing.
	"No, it's delicious." Richard quickly ate it. He tucked into the noodles and finished soon.
	"OK. Since you have finished it, you can leave now." Amy went to clean up the bowl.
	"I will wash the bowl before leaving." Richard stopped Amy and went to the kitchen with the bowl.
	After a long time, he finally came out.
	"Well, I'm leaving. Tomorrow is the weekend. You guys can have a good rest." Richard said to Amy and then left.
	Watching Richard leave, Amy had the door closed and went back into the kitchen. She wondered what Richard did in the kitchen just now. It took so long before he came out.
	After entering the kitchen, Amy checked and did not find anything wrong, only to find some white particles scattered on the kitchen sink. Amy picked a little up and rubbed them. It was salt.
	Until then, she realized that the salt pot was empty just now. Richard put the salt in, which meant that she didn't even put salt in the noodles.
	'This guy... Is he afraid of being fired? He didn't even tell me that I didn't put salt in the noodles. That big bowl of noodles must be terrible.' Thinking about this, Amy couldn't bear to it.
	He brought his parents to her house to be with Allen. Besides, he had brought food while coming. In fact, she did not mean anything else and just thought he should tell her in advance.
	"It's not a big deal. Why can't he talk about it?" Amy also felt tired, went upstairs and prepared for bed.
	"Richard, why are you still here? Didn't I ask you to quit?" Amy looked at Richard, who kept cleaning her office, and wanted to laugh. But she forbore from doing so.
	"Miss Newell, look, this gardenia is more and more luxuriant. Let me tell you, I use a fertilizer. So, it grows so well." Richard ignored Amy's words and continued to clean her office.
	"Richard, don't you hear me? I do not need you to clean here. Someone will do it. You have to go to the finance to get paid and resign." Amy could do nothing to Richard.
	"Well, Miss Newell, you finally realize it. You are really a good leader and care about your staff. I just can't hear some words." Richard didn't care what Amy thought. He cleaned the dust in the house and mopped the floor. Looking at the office after his work, he was very satisfied.
	"Miss Newell, Mr. Baker sent flowers again. Where should I put them?" Daria, Amy's secretary, came in with a bouquet of flowers.
	The flowers sent by Mr. Baker usually could be put into Amy's office, while the flowers sent by others would be given to the secretariat.
	But Amy's office didn't seem to have a vase for flowers anymore after Richard cleaned it.
	"Put it here." Amy said to Daria.
	"I'll go get the vase and put it in the vase." Richard went to Amy's lounge and took out the vase that was hidden, cleaned it up, and put the flowers that Andy sent in it.
	Amy wanted to laugh when she saw that Richard pretended to be happy, even though he was not happy.
	"Richard, what do you think of these flowers sent by Mr. Baker?" looking at Richard's handsome profile, Amy always wanted to tease him.
	"They're beautiful, but not special at all. People always give roses." Richard looked at the pink rose and wanted to tear it to pieces.
	"But I like pink roses." Amy pretended to be enchanted.
	"As long as you are happy and like it, Miss Newell." Richard would not argue with Amy today. Everything she said was right.
	"Miss Newell, I'll get out of your hair. I'm going to work too. By the way, the Wilson Group's cooperation proposal has been brought. I've read it. You need to make the final decision." Richard remembered that Matt's proposal had been brought in for several days. But he had not given it to Amy. He could show it to her today.
	"I don't need to see it. You can make a decision according to your opinion. By the way, be harsh to them. I dislike this company. But they seem to care about us and want to cooperate with us." Amy didn't even bother to look at it. Richard could handle it anyway.
	"Miss Newell, they put forward good conditions this time, which are very beneficial to us. I think we can cooperate with them. Anyway, no one will dislike money, right? Cooperate with them and we can make a lot of money." Richard had carefully analyzed the Wilson Group's situation and thought they could cooperate.
	"Alright. Then bring me the cooperation proposal and I'll sign it. Just tell me the content, so that I can know what it is."
	Matt was excited. He finally got the cooperation proposal with the Newell Group. He was getting more and more attention from Landon now. The cooperation with HD Group had made Matt more and more senior in Wilson Group. Then, he cooperated with Mr. Werner. This time, he cooperated with the Newell Group, which stabilized his position in the Wilson Group.
	Matt stood in the lobby of the Newell Group's building for a long time. He knew that Amy liked to work overtime. But it was too late and already past the dinner time.
	"Miss Newell, good evening. I'm Matt," Matt saw Amy coming out of the elevator and greeted.
	"Matt, what can I help you? Haven't I given the cooperation proposal to you?" Amy looked at Matt's dandified face and frowned.
	"No. I just come to show my appreciation. I buy some snacks for you." Matt did not dare to invite Amy to dinner right now. Even if he did, Amy would not go. So, he chose to buy the snack Amy liked.
	"Don't mention it. We're just working together. Please don't think too much about it." Amy didn't accept Matt's gift.
	"This is just a small gift. Miss Newell, do you hate it? I know you like the snack in that shop. So, I went to line up to buy it early in the morning. I..." Matt was about to say something to pretend to be pitiful, but Amy couldn't listen to him anymore.
	"Alright, I'll take it. Thanks. I'm going home. Excuse me, Mr. Matt." Amy took the paper bag and went away.
Chapter 247 Don't You Want to Know?
	Amy left and was out of Matt's sight. Matt looked at her back. The more he saw her, the more he liked her. How could he have made such a mistake and fall in love with Gina at that time?
	"Mom, are there many children in kindergarten?" Allen sat next to Amy and kept asking.
	"Yes, there are a lot of children. You can play with them." Amy said to Allen.
	"Then will they beat me?" Allen was worried.
	"No. But you have learned boxing. Will you be afraid of them?" Amy comforted Allen.
	"But my teacher said that I can't hit people at will." Allen said seriously.
	"Yes, your teacher is right. But someone has hit you. Can't you defend yourself? Is it right for him to hit you?" Amy looked at her gentle son and was afraid that he would suffer.
	"Alright. I will reason with him first." Allen said confidently. In his world, everyone was reasonable.
	Today was Allen's first day in kindergarten. He was a little nervous. When he was in France, he also went to kindergarten. He did not know if it was the same.
	"Mommy, remember to pick me up." Allen was worried, because Amy always worked late every day.
	"Well, I see. Don't worry. Tell the teacher if there's anything." Amy left Allen to the teacher of the kindergarten.
	"This child looks so beautiful! He is like a star." The ladies in the kindergarten looked at Allen and praised.
	"Boy, what is your name?" The ladies gathered around and were especially enthusiastic about Allen.
	"My name is Allen Newell. My nickname is Ugly. You can call me Allen or Ugly." Allen was not shy and sweet. Soon, the teachers in the kindergarten all liked him very much.
	Being well-educated, Allen seemed more mature and sensible than other children of his age.
	He could help the teacher to do some things, and shared his food with other children. The teacher liked him very much.
	Many teachers came to see Allen in the morning and praised that there was a child who looked more beautiful than the paintings in the middle class in the kindergarten.
	The middle and top classes were not far. At lunchtime, when Allen went to have another bowl of rice, a tall boy from the top class pushed Allen aside and added the food first.
	"How can you push me?" there was a little girl with Allen who was pushed and fell. But the boy turned around and walked away.
	"Stop. You should apologize to her." Allen helped the girl and shouted to the tall boy.
	"Apologize? Why? I'm always like this everywhere. People have to give way to me." The older boy was more than five years old, half a head taller than Allen.
	"But we came first in line. You not only cut in line, but also pushed us." The little girl was also blaming the boy.
	The teachers all went to look after the children in small class at this time, and did not notice the argument here.
	"So what? I pushed you. So what?" the boy from the top class was not afraid at all, because he was taller and stronger than the two children.
	This boy deliberately pushed the girl again while he said.
	Allen was a little anxious. He stood in front of the girl and let the boy push him.
	"Hey, hey, what are you doing? As a child from the top class, why are you bullying a child from the middle class?" at this time, a teacher came over and saw Allen protecting a girl and being bullied by a boy from the top class.
	The teachers had a good impression on Allen. So, they were all blaming the older boy.
	The boy glared at Allen. Although he apologized, he was unhappy and intended to teach Allen a lesson later.
	"Are you okay?" Allen asked the girl.
	"I am fine. Thank you." The little girl nodded and thanked Allen, and then left.
	Allen also went back to his seat and started to eat. Today was his first day. Allen thought the food here was good.
	"Miss Newell, Miss Newell, please wait. I have something to talk to you." Seeing Amy get out of the car, Allison hurriedly chased after her.
	Amy stopped and looked at Allison. Wasn't she Philip's wife? Amy heard that she was also Philip's secretary. Maybe she had something to tell her about the cooperation.
	"Miss Newell, thank you for waiting for me." Allison stood in front of Amy. She felt that Amy had such a powerful aura probably because she had been experienced in dealing with businessmen.
	"Hey, what can I help you?" Amy handed the bag in her hand to Daria.
	"Well, Miss Newell, I'd like to talk to you. When is it convenient for you?" Allison said to Amy.
	"What is it about? If it's about the cooperation, you can come to me in an hour. I have a meeting today." Amy was not interested in things other than cooperation.
	"OK. I'll come to you in an hour." Allison spoke to Amy, sat down, and waited for Amy.
	Amy looked at the time and saw it was not too late. So, she went upstairs to the meeting.
	After the meeting, Allison came to Amy's office on time.
	Amy's office was very simple, but warm. There was nothing else here, just a lush pot of gardenia on the desk. The whole office was fragrant.
	"Please sit down, lady. I wonder if Mr. Philip has any opinion on the cooperation?" Amy asked Allison directly.
	"Mr. Philip has a lot of objections to the cooperation. But he respects Mr. Newell and will give in to you. I didn't come here today for this thing, but for other things." Allison held up the bag she was holding.
	"Do you mean you want to talk to me about something personal? But I am not interested in it. I have a lot of work to do. Sorry, please leave now." Amy looked at Allison's triumphant look and knew that what she had in her hand was definitely not something good.
	"Miss Newell, do you really not want to know what caused you to lose your memory five years ago and who the father of your child is? Are you really willing to be entangled with an unfaithful man forever?" Allison's questions made Amy stop.
	She wanted to know all these. But she was also afraid to know. Her parents did not tell her why Allen did not have a father, which meant that Allen's father was the one who hurt her the most.
	"I don't want to know!" Amy calmed herself down and slowly said these words.
Chapter 248 Terrible Dream
	Hearing Amy say that she didn't want to know what happened back then, Allison was surprised. Did Amy have no curiosity? She even didn't want to know what had happened to her.
	"Miss Newell, are you going to let Allen go through his life without knowing who his father is?" Allison stared at Amy. This woman was really different. Whether it was five years ago or now, her thoughts were always inscrutable.
	"Miss, it looks like you know a lot about my past. You should be relatively familiar with me. So, I want to know what your purpose is for coming to tell me this." Amy sensed Allison's intention.
	"I don't have any purpose. I just want you not to live in a false sense of sweetness. There are many people you can't forgive and there are many things you can't forget." A glimmer of ruthlessness showed in Allison's eyes, but quickly disappeared.
	"But I cannot remember anything, and I don't want to remember it anymore. So, I'm afraid you've had a wasted journey." Amy originally had a light aversion to Allison. Seeing that Allison wanted so much to make her remember the past, Amy knew there must be something in it.
	"Alright. It doesn't matter. Miss Newell, you can pay more attention to Richard. Although he is very good to you now, some things are not what they seem. Miss Newell, I'm sorry to bother you. Goodbye." Allison was smart and no longer said anything more. She just left after saying this.
	The most annoying was that people broke off in mid-sentence. Although Allison left, Amy had some ideas about her last words when she left.
	"Miss Newell, what are you thinking about?" Richard just came back from outside. He ran into Allison at the door. Allison smiled at him very mysteriously.
	"Nothing. I'm just in a daze." Amy came to by Richard. She had been dazed for a while and thinking about Richard.
	"Mr. Philip asked me to bring it to you. It is the cooperation proposal you made. He is satisfied with it and intends to sign it this month." Richard said to Amy.
	"Great. Mr. Philip is vigorous in action and is not dilatory. I will get back to him later. We will sign the agreement when it is the right time." Once Amy heard that the cooperation with Philip had made progress, she was in a much better mood.
	"Richard, are you very philandering?" as Richard was about to leave the office, Amy suddenly asked.
	Richard paused at the door. He turned around and looked at Amy.
	"What do you mean by this, Miss Newell? I'm not philandering, but infatuated." Richard did not want to explain more. At this time, Amy was amnesiac. Even if she remembered something, he would not be a philanderer.
	"Really? I didn't expect you are infatuated. So is your current behavior a sign of infatuation?" Amy said to Richard with a smile.
	'Richard said he is infatuated. But he has been with me all the time now. Is he infatuated with others or with me?' Amy could not help but think to herself again.
	"Yes." Richard replied firmly, and then pushed the door out.
	Originally, Amy did not want to know anything. But she was still intrigued by Allison, because the person Allison mentioned was Richard.
	From this period of time together, Richard loved her. Had something ever happened between her and him?
	As long as Amy thought about Richard for a while longer, her heart would ache. Now, her heart ached again.
	"Richard, come in." It turned out that there must be something between her and Richard. Otherwise, Richard would not have come to be her assistant for no reason. She would not often feel heartache during this period.
	Amy's heart began to ache again. She picked up the phone and asked Richard to come in.
	Richard hadn't even gone back to his office before he was called back by Amy.
	Amy slumped on the table in pain, her hand tightly covering her heart.
	"Miss Newell, Miss Newell! What's wrong? Are you sick?" Richard was startled by the scene as soon as he entered. What was wrong with Amy? Why was she always like this?
	"Nothing. Please bring me the medicine in my bag." Seeing Richard, Amy felt at ease and distressed. She was going crazy with the mixed feelings.
	Richard quickly opened Amy's bag, took out the medicine, poured some water, and helped Amy take the medicine.
	After Amy took the medicine, Richard carried her to the bed in her lounge, took off her shoes, and let her lie down on the bed.
	After tucking Amy in, Richard was going out and let Amy have a good rest.
	He was just about to leave when he found his clothes being pulled.
	"Don't go." Amy said to Richard.
	"OK. I'm not leaving. I'll be here with you." Richard turned around and looked at Amy's pale face. He did not know what was wrong with her. Even Andy could not do anything with her disease.
	Hearing Richard's words, Amy slept more soundly. She would feel relieved with Richard around her.
	Amy was asleep. She saw a red color, which was scary. She was afraid and grabbed her clothes tightly. There was no one in the red but her. Her legs went weak.
	Suddenly, there seemed to be a woman. It was Allison, who carried a bucket of blood and was looking at Amy with a smile.
	"Miss Newell, let me help you recover your memory. Come on. I will help you." After saying that, Allison poured the bucket of blood on her body. At once, she became bloody.
	Amy woke up in a cold sweat with fright.
	"What's wrong with you? Are you okay?" Richard hugged Amy who suddenly sat up from the bed.
	"A lot of blood! A lot of blood! It is so terrible! So terrible!" Amy opened her eyes which were filled with fear. She was really frightened and trembling in Richard's arms.
Chapter 249 Questioning Turns into Comfort
	"Don't be afraid. I am here. I will always be with you. It's okay." Richard embraced Amy in his arms. They had not been so intimate for five years.
	Amy felt better in Richard's arms. She didn't know why she always dreamed of the red and the blood, and even dreamed of Allison just now!
	"Are you feeling better?" seeing Amy slowly calm down, Richard asked her.
	"Yes, I feel better. Thank you." Amy left Richard's arms. She was terrified just now and did not hear clearly what Richard said.
	"Richard, what did you say?" Amy asked Richard.
	Looking at Amy calmed down, and she had repeatedly warned him not to be too close to her, Richard was smart to know what to say.
	"I said that just call me if there is anything in the future. My legs are long and I can come to you as soon as possible." Richard temporized.
	"Well, you do run very fast. Thank you. It's time we wrote off all the mistakes you made before." Amy's heart didn't hurt when she looked at Richard after the nightmare.
	"Then I don't have to worry about you asking me to resign. Thank you so much, Miss Newell." Richard was now more relieved. Amy always wanted to get rid of him. She had no attachment to him at all? Did she forget him completely?
	"You are welcome. You can leave first. By the way, make a cup of tea for me, so that I can relax." Amy let Richard leave, but then remembered that she hadn't drunk water for a day.
	"OK, I'll do it right away." Richard saw that Amy could lecture people again, which meant that she almost recovered. She was so lovable when she was sick. But after she got well, she was also charming as a strong, competent woman.
	Amy got up. She put her short hair together, came to her desk, and began to work as if nothing had happened.
	William was determined this time. When his mistress was discharged from the hospital, he brought her and their child home together.
	Grandma Eva looked at her fat great-grandson and acquiesced. Cathy didn't care about it. They could do whatever they liked. Anyway, this family was chaotic. It didn't matter if it was a little more chaotic. Grandma Eva was always not at home. She often stayed in her own shop, went shopping or got a facial with her friends. Her life was rich and colorful.
	"Grandma, look at William! It doesn't matter if he brings the child back. But how can he bring the mistress back? How can I live with them?" Sophia wailed to Grandma Eva.
	William wanted to divorce her. She would not accept it! She had managed to marry into the Carter family, and would die in the Carter family.
	"Well, really! We can admit the child. But why does William take the woman back? He even arranged the room next to his for the woman. This is a little bit wrong." Although Grandma Eva was fond of her great-grandson, she liked Sophia more. Sophia always supported her.
	"Mom, we can talk William about this. He is too young and cannot clearly see his heart many times. He is always fond of Sophia. He just lost his head for the moment." Addy spoke for her son.
	That woman had been confinement in childbirth. The meals were delivered to her room. She had not eaten with the family and met with them yet.
	Grandma Eva felt angry. This woman had not greeted her and was served after coming here. Was it a big deal to give birth to a child? She also gave birth to two children. If Grandpa John did not dislike her, she likely would have more children. But she still worked after giving birth to a child.
	"Let's go teach this woman a lesson. She doesn't know the rules at all. She didn't even greet me." Grandma Eva also had the intention to teach that woman a lesson.
	So the three women went together to meet William's mistress.
	The woman was drinking chicken soup. She was afraid she would gain weight. So, she only drank soup instead of meat. Maybe because she was afraid of losing favor if she gained weight.
	The woman didn't look up when Grandma Eva went in with two people. She slowly drank the chicken soup and blew the oil away.
	"Who are you? You are so rude. Don't you know that there are elders in the family?" Grandma Eva spoke up first.
	"Grandma, I'm sorry. I'm new here and don't know the rules. Kindly give me your advice, Grandma. This is mom, right?" the woman was honey-mouthed. She had already seen Sophia walking at the end, but greeted the two elders first.
	"Yes, she is your mother, William's real mother. Be nice to her in the future." Grandma Eva's anger subsided a bit when she saw that this woman reacted so quickly.
	"Grandma, mom, I just came back yesterday. William had something to do and didn't take me to visit you. I have prepared the gifts for you, but haven't had time to give to you. Penny, take the gifts out." The woman asked the maternity matron who served her to take out the things she had prepared.
	Once Grandma Eva and Addy heard that this woman prepared gifts for them, they both forgot the purpose of their visit. Sophia was anxious behind them and wanted to say something. But the maternity matron had put the gifts in Grandma Eva and Addy's hands. She, Sophia, had never given anything to these two old shameless women.
	"Grandma, at your age, jade is the best for you. Jade is good for people. Grandma, you look very young. Your health will be better after wearing jade. This gold bracelet is for mom." This woman was really generous. The jade bracelet given to Addy looked good in color and much better than the one Grandma Eva gave to Sophia.
	The gold bracelet had enough weight. Grandma Eva and Addy were very happy.
	"How can I accept it? You give us something, but we don't prepare anything for you." Addy took the gold bracelet, weighed it, and had an increased good opinion of her.
	"No need. Grandma, mom, I'm very happy that you can come to see me and the child." The woman was still honey-mouthed. Grandma Eva and Addy were egged on to come to trouble her, but she just said they were here to see her.
	"That is what we should do. We are also the elders of the child. So, we should come to see you and the baby. I have intended to come to see you guys for a long time."
	Grandma Eva and Addy's words almost made Sophia collapse. Weren't they here to question her?
Chapter 250 Your Name Is Amy Miller
	"Miss Newell, please wait a moment." Amy found that many people had come to see her recently. This man seemed to be Richard's brother, the manager of a branch of HD Group.
	"What can I do for you?" Amy came out of the supermarket and was stopped by someone.
	"Miss Newell, would you like to have a cup of tea?" William had too many questions that he wanted to know. He could only come and ask Amy.
	"I don't have time." If William hadn't blocked Amy's way out, Amy wouldn't have even paid attention to him.
	"Your father died five years ago. You haven't even visited his grave. How can you have an easy conscience? Now that you have a rich man as your father, have you forgotten about your real father?" William's words shocked Amy.
	"What do you mean?" William's words made Amy's heart ache again.
	"Miss Newell, have you really forgotten about your father who has passed away? Your father died miserably. He was bleeding all over the place. At that time, when I saw it, I also felt scared." William kept speaking. With a loud sound, Amy covered her chest and then looked up, only to find that William disappeared. Andy stood in front of her and held her.
	"Where is that man?" Amy asked in confusion. She was not only heartache at this time, but also wanted to cry inexplicably.
	"On the ground." Andy pointed to William who fell down on the ground.
	"Andy, you are going too far. How dare you hit people in daylight? I will call the police!" until then, William just realized that his face was painful and that he was lying on the ground. Where this Andy came out from? He did not notice it at all.
	"Whatever. Let's go, Amy. He is crazy and talking nonsense." Andy helped Amy and was about to leave. He just saw Amy talking to William on the opposite and that Amy's face was getting worse and worse. He hurriedly ran over and found that William was talking about the past.
	He punched William and knocked him down to shut him up in haste.
	"Andy, what does he mean by saying that?" Amy had just heard something about her father and death. She was dumbfounded.
	"He is talking nonsense, because you refuse to cooperate with him." Andy helped Amy and was about to leave.
	"I'm not talking nonsense. I'm telling the truth. Your father is Stephen Miller. Your name should be Amy Miller." William got up from the ground, walked to Amy again, and said what he wanted to say.
	Allison heard William's words not far away. She felt secretly happy. William did her a big favor. She had been thinking how to make Amy recover her memory. Unexpectedly, William did it in such a simple and crude way.
	"Shut up, or you will be beaten again." Andy didn't expect William to be so bold and say the most critical things.
	"Andy, why are you trying to hide it from Amy? She's Richard's wife and a member of the Carter family. You'll never have a chance." Beaten by Andy, William got angry and said what he would like to have said.
	Amy was ready to follow Andy away. But when she heard the words clearly, she paused.
	She was Richard's wife? Her surname was Miller?
	"Come on. Let's go and ignore him. He's crazy." Andy wrapped his arm around Amy's shoulder and wanted to leave. But Amy didn't want to leave now. She didn't know what happened to her before and didn't want to know. But it was different now. Someone even came to her and forced her to recover her memory.
	"Mr. William, is it true what you said?" Amy looked at the wretched William, whose face was punched hard by Andy and swollen.
	"Of course it's true!" William nodded firmly. What he said was really true.
	"OK, I get it." Amy figured it out before leaving with Andy.
	William wiped the blood from the corners of his mouth and gasped in pain. It was so painful. This damn Andy beat him so hard! William was even surer that Andy had intentions for Amy.
	"William, thank you so much." Allison thanked Richard secretly not far away. This man was stupid, but did her a big favor.
	Amy felt that she couldn't concentrate at all. No matter what she did, she would think of William's words.
	His words were credible. Why would Richard's parents be so nice to her? Richard was even willing to be her assistant. This was a reasonable explanation for these things. So, she was Richard's wife. Was Allen Richard's child? According to the time, she lost her memory five years ago, and Allen was more than four years old now. The time seemed to be consistent.
	But what caused her to lose her memory? She must ask Richard about this at work tomorrow and see what he would say.
	The whole night, Amy did not sleep well. She couldn't get William's words out of her head. Her father was Stephen Miller. Why couldn't she remember anything?
	Richard was shocked after entering the office. Amy, who usually paid much attention to her personal grooming, was disheveled with a messy hair now. Her eyes looked the same as a panda's.
	"Miss Newell, what's wrong?" Richard looked at the disheveled Amy and wondered what happened yesterday. It made her so haggard.
	"I didn't sleep all night." Amy said.
	Her eyes were dry. But she couldn't sleep. It was so painful to be unable to sleep.
	"You didn't sleep all night? Why? Is there something on your mind? Why don't you tell me, so that I can help you solve it?" Richard walked to Amy and sat beside her. Amy leaned on the sofa. She had no strength all over.
	"You are the best person to solve it!" Amy took the tea Richard made for her and took a sip.
	"Are you my husband?" Amy suddenly asked Richard this question.
	Richard froze. What was going on? Should he say yes or no? What exactly happened yesterday?
Chapter 251 He Is Her Husband
	"Are you my husband? Is it so hard to answer? Or William lied to me?" Amy rubbed her aching temples. What happened recently really made her not know what to do.
	"No, you are indeed my wife." Richard thought about it for a while, and then admitted honestly. Fire could not be wrapped up in paper. Some things would be figured out sooner or later.
	Richard's words were like a bolt from the blue, which made Amy dizzy in shock. He was her husband. How had he felt when staying with her and looking at her every day?
	"Miss Newell, how do you know?" Richard did not know what had happened yesterday.
	"Someone told me that I was your wife. Why didn't you tell me?" Amy glared at Richard. Why didn't he tell her that he was her husband?
	"Because you have lost your memory. I want to slowly refresh your memory, not to force you to accept me." Richard also looked at Amy with affection.
	"Richard, don't look at me like this. I have another question. Is my father Stephen Miller? What kind of person is Stephen? Where is his grave?" Amy heard from William that her father was Stephen, who was dead. He lost a lot of blood when he died. She often dreamed of that scene, which was similar with what William said.
	"Miss Newell, this is all in the past. If you want to go visit Stephen, I will take you there." Richard said to Amy. He didn't know what happened back then. It was Stephen's fiftieth birthday that day. They were all happy. However, the birthday became the day of death.
	"No, I'm not going. I will not go until we get to the bottom of this." Amy suddenly felt scared. She was afraid to know the truth, but also wanted to know the truth. She was so conflicted.
	"Alright. It is okay. Whenever you want to go, I will take you. Miss Newell, I do not want you to remember the past. Just live well now." Richard wanted to comfort Amy. But thinking about her estrangement from him, he withdrew his hand.
	"OK. Please go out and leave me alone." Amy's head ached, and her heart began to ache violently. But when she learned that Richard was her husband, she didn't want him to be close to her.
	"Andy, come to my company now. My heart begins to ache again." Amy's voice was weak. In the five years of knowing nothing, although she worked overtime every day, she lived happily.
	After coming back, why would it make her so tired? What happened in those years that caused her to lose her memory?
	Andy quickly came. Richard saw him enter Amy's office. But when Andy held Amy out, his heart sank. This time, when Amy felt sick, she did not call Richard, who she knew was her husband, but chose to call someone else.
	"Amy, you're awake." Dexter had just come home when he received the news that Amy was hospitalized.
	After putting down his bags, he hurried to the hospital and Amy just woke up.
	"Dexter, I am glad to see you." Amy looked at Dexter who was fatigued with the journey. He should come here as soon as he heard the news.
	"Me too. Amy, does your heart ache more and more frequently recently?" While abroad, the doctor had told Dexter that if Amy's heartache became more frequent, she should leave this place if they wanted to keep her from regaining her memory for the rest of her life.
	"A little. But it's okay. It's all old problems. I'm used to the pain." To keep Dexter from worrying, Amy pretended to be fine.
	"Amy, you must have been under too much stress lately. Why don't you let me take over for a while? You can take a break. Dad's surgery is done. He should be back soon." Dexter didn't want Amy to regain her memory either.
	"You? Dexter, you hate business the most. You always want to be a painter. So, don't enter the circle of business. Just do what you want to do." It was because Dexter did not want to go into business as a career that Dalton asked Amy, who stayed well in France, back.
	"But Amy, you work so hard. I'm useless." Dexter knew nothing about business. But when he saw that Amy was suffering, he was remorseful.
	"It's okay. You do not like business, but I do like it. We are doing what we like. It is not hard. If you come to do what I do, you will feel harder." Seeing Dexter's concern for herself, Amy was quite touched.
	This time, Amy not only suffered from heartache, but also headache. She stayed in the hospital for three days and was discharged. Dexter had been with her all the time.
	Dexter did not know what happened to Amy in the past, especially how she lost her memory. He just knew that Amy suddenly went home and did not remember anything.
	His parents asked him to take care of Amy, who has suffered a lot. Dexter did what his parents told him to do. Amy was nice to him. When there were many things he didn't want to do, Amy always protected him.
	"Dexter, you have not had a good rest after coming back and have been taking care of me. Will it delay you?" Amy cared about her brother.
	"Not at all. I've finished all the teaching tasks. My students have finished it successfully." Dexter planned to take a break for more than two months this time. He could take care of Amy during these two months.
	The two siblings were talking, not noticing a man standing at the door and having watched them for a long time.
	Every day Richard would go to the door to watch Amy. Knowing that she must be unable to accept it after suddenly knowing that her husband was him, Richard had to watch her outside. As long as she was fine, everything was fine.
	Amy and Dexter were laughing and joking in the ward. They looked very happy, and Richard also raised a smile.
	Richard was so focused on the two people in the ward that he didn't even notice when someone slowly walked to him.
	"Why don't you go inside?" the person reached out and patted Richard on the shoulder. Only then did Richard look back at the person who came.
Chapter 252 Go on a Trip
	Richard was at the door, watching Amy and Dexter talking and laughing in the ward. At this time, someone patted his shoulder.
	"Why don't you go in?" the visitor asked. Richard turned around and was a little surprised.
	"Mrs. Newell, you're back?" Yes, the visitor was Mrs. Newell.
	"Well, of course I have to come back. So many things have happened here. If I don't come back, there will be a big mess." Mrs. Newell sighed.
	Fortunately, her husband's surgery was relatively successful. So, she could temporarily leave him there. Mr. Newell was also worried about what happened to Amy and urged Mrs. Newell to hurry back to see their daughter.
	Richard was a little embarrassed. It was all because of his family.
	"Mrs. Newell, I am very sorry." Richard said to Mrs. Newell.
	"Since you come here, just come in. Amy has known that you are her husband. So, it's not a good idea for you to avoid like this." Mrs. Newell had intended to come back and replace Amy after Mr. Newell's surgery.
	Unexpectedly, Mr. Newell's condition was not as simple as it looked like. He had a series of operations. Fortunately, he had recovered well and the operations were quite successful.
	"Mrs. Newell, I won't go in. Amy may not want to see me at this time. It is okay that I watch her outside. Since you're here, I'll leave." Richard said goodbye to Mrs. Newell, and then left.
	Mrs. Newell looked at his back and pondered. It was an indisputable fact that Richard was Amy's husband. But he was not there for Amy when she needed him most.
	Mrs. Newell still remembered when Amy was in a coma, she cried and shouted, "Richard, I hate you!!!"
	She did not know what had happened to them at that time. But Mrs. Newell, who loved her daughter deeply, had a bad impression on Richard. She would hate the person her daughter hated.
	So in the years that Amy went to France, Mrs. Newell protected her very well. She didn't let Richard find any information, nor did she have any cooperation with HD Group.
	But they were a couple after all and had a child. Mrs. Newell and Mr. Newell thought there should be an end between them sooner or later. It was useless to avoid it.
	"Hello, guys." When Mrs. Newell appeared at the door, Amy and Dexter were happy. Amy was not very close to Mrs. Newell. But she knew that Mrs. Newell was nice to her. She was also used to calling Mrs. Newell mom. In these five years, Mrs. Newell was her mom.
	"Mom, why are you back? Is Dad okay? Is it all right to leave him there alone?" Dexter and Amy were both concerned about Mr. Newell's health.
	"Your dad is recovering well. Don't worry. I came back to deal with some things." Mrs. Newell said to her two children.
	Looking at her children loving each other, she was pleased. Children always fought with each other in many families, but her children were humble.
	"Well, Mom, you're just in time. Amy's not feeling well now. I'd like to work for her for a moment, so that she can get some rest." Dexter spoke to Mrs. Newell. He was distressed about Amy and wanted Amy to go for a break.
	"Mom, no, I can do it. Dexter does not like business. Just let him do what he likes." Amy hurriedly explained.
	She and Dexter were completely different. Dexter did not like business. But she liked it. There was always one person in this family who had to pay. She would rather be that person.
	"I temporarily come back this time to solve it. Dexter, it is good that you care about Amy. But you are really not good at business. So, you go to France to look after your father. Amy, I am sorry. I know such a thing will happen if you come back. But I have no choice. You are not in a good mood recently. So, go on a trip and take a break. I will deal with the Newell Group during this time."
	Mrs. Newell made a plan for the recent events, so that all would be happy. Amy had not had a break in the past five years. She was a workaholic, so Allen also rarely went out to play.
	"Mom, I don't need a break. I can't stop. I'll get sick if I stop." Amy was afraid of not working. If she didn't work for a while, she would be flustered and short of breath.
	"It's okay. You won't rest for too long, just a month. I'll help you with the work. You just take Allen abroad for a good time. If you don't want to go abroad, it's okay to go to some places at this country." Mrs. Newell thought that Amy had to rest.
	"Mom." Amy still wanted to say something, but Mrs. Newell stopped her. Amy was her dearly loved person, not a machine which just made money for her. Mrs. Newell knew that Amy had something in her mind. Amy was so sad that blood supply of her brain was insufficient, which caused her to lose her memory.
	Maybe there had a sign that she would recover her memory. But she was afraid of remembering the past. She used work to numb herself and escape from the past. As time passed, she forgot the past and really lost memory.
	Seeing that her mother was forcing her to go on a trip, Amy thought about it and felt it was acceptable. Allen had suffered a lot with her, and had never gone to any amusement parks or other places like that.
	"OK. Then, I'll go on a trip. Thank you, mom. I love you." Amy then agreed.
	"Mom, where are we going?" Allen was packing his clothes. His little suitcase was almost full.
	"Your grandmother booked the tickets. I don't know where we are going. Someone will send us the tickets later." Amy was also packing her suitcase.
	"No matter where we go, I like it. Mom, I want to go on a trip with you. I want to stay with mom all my life." Allen walked over and kissed Amy, who was squatting and packing her suitcase, on her cheeks.
	"Nice. You will stay with me for the rest of your life. Then you will not marry a girl?" Amy teased her son.
	"Then I'll let my wife stay with mom with me in the future." Allen responded quickly. Amy was happy to hear it.
	"Miss Newell, this is the ticket that Mrs. Newell asked me to send to you. It's a flight at two o'clock this afternoon. The destination is Zurich, Switzerland. Someone will pick you up there when you arrive." A man in a black suit held a pouch and handed it to Amy.
	Amy took the pouch and opened it. It was a ticket to Zurich.
	She just once said in passing that she wanted to visit Zurich, the prosperous economic and cultural center.
Chapter 253 Trip to Zurich I
	When she got on the plane to Zurich, Amy was excited. She had longed for Zurich, but did not have the opportunity to visit it. This time, she would take this opportunity to experience it.
	"Mom, why hasn't the person in the seat next to us come yet?" Allen sat by the window. He looked at the people on the plane excitedly and thought it must be an interesting trip.
	"I don't know. Maybe he was delayed by something. He should be here soon." Amy said to Allen.
	"Then if he's later, the plane will leave." All the people on the plane had arrived. Only the seat beside them was still empty.
	"Ladies and gentlemen, please fasten your seat belts." The stewardess was talking to everyone in a charming voice about the precautions.
	Amy fastened the seat belts for Allen. The seat beside them was still empty. But the plane was about to take off. Amy didn't know how careless this person was. He even missed the flight.
	But it was none of her business. Amy did not want to worry about it. She took Allen and intended to sleep on the plane.
	After putting on the blindfolds, they went to sleep. There was a long time before they arrived at Zurich. They decided to rest first, so that they could enjoy their journey in Zurich.
	They didn't know when someone came to the seat next to them, and when that person took a picture of them.
	The plane flew smoothly. The mother and son were breathing evenly and sleeping soundly.
	Allen was awakened and about to go to the bathroom. He was instantly happy when he saw a man beside him.
	"Mr. Carter, it's you! Did you almost miss the flight?" Allen pulled Richard and said. He even forgot to go to the bathroom.
	"No. I was already on board, just went somewhere else." Richard hugged Allen, who was close to him. Richard also loved the boy.
	"Great. We can take the same flight. Mr. Carter, where are you going?" Allen couldn't stop talking to Richard.
	"Zurich. I have something to do there." He was Miss Newell's assistant. He naturally should follow Miss Newell wherever she went.
	"Alright. I can't hold it." Allen spoke for a while before he remembered that he was going to the bathroom. He could not hold it anymore.
	"What's wrong? What do you want?" looking at Allen's anxious look, Richard thought something was wrong with him.
	"I'm going to pee. I'm going to pee." Allen covered his crotch and ran toward the bathroom.
	Hearing that Allen was going to pee, Richard went over, held Allen in his arms, and stroke towards the bathroom.
	Amy heard someone talking beside her, but she was so sleepy and did not wake up.
	When she woke up, she found that Allen was gone. It was very likely that Allen had gone to the bathroom on the plane.
	"Miss, do you know where my son is?" Amy waved at the flight attendant and asked.
	"Hello, lady, I saw your son go to the bathroom with a gentleman." The flight attendant explained to Amy.
	"OK, thanks." Amy heard that there was a gentleman. Who did Allen go to the bathroom with? Allen was so bold that he even dared to leave with a strange man.
	While Amy was thinking, Allen pulled Richard and went back to his seat.
	"Richard, where are you going?" Amy looked at Richard and was alert.
	"This plane is bound for Zurich. Where do you think I'm going?" Richard rolled his eyes at Amy.
	He didn't know what Mrs. Newell meant. But he was grateful to her. It was Mrs. Newell who deliberately revealed Amy's whereabouts to him, so that he could come to them.
	"Why do you go to Zurich?" Amy continued to question Richard.
	"You guys all go there. Of course I will go. In public, I'm your assistant. So I'll go wherever you go. In private, I am your husband. Shouldn't you take me with you?" Richard acted shamelessly.
	What he wanted to know now was whose child Allen was. Mrs. Newell did not tell him Amy had relations with any men in France. If Amy had, Mrs. Newell would not have revealed Amy's whereabouts to him.
	"You are indeed my husband. Does it matter? Why did you separate from me? You must have done something wrong to me. I don't want to say anything more to you. You know it." Amy looked at Richard. They were arguing in a small voice on the plane.
	"I know. I will not ask you to do anything with me. Although we are a couple, and we are not divorced, I did not complain after you came back and forgot me. Why do you say about that?" Richard said to Amy.
	"OK, you win. I'm going to sleep." seeing Richard speak eloquently, Amy knew that she was no match for him and simply chose not to listen to him.
	Seeing that Amy was basically acquiescing in him following her, Richard said nothing more. Anyway, he could follow her to Zurich. Nothing else mattered.
	When the plane landed, Amy woke up. For the past ten hours, she had closed her eyes and ignored Richard.
	"Mom, it is so beautiful! I haven't been here before!" Allen looked at the beautiful airport, and the passengers coming and going. He almost didn't know what to look at.
	"Come on, Allen. I will hold you. There are too many people here. Be careful." Seeing that there were quite a lot of people getting off the plane, Richard was worried about little Allen.
	"OK. Thank you, Mr. Carter." Allen quickly threw himself into Richard's arms.
	Amy dragged her and Allen's suitcase. Richard held Allen with one hand and pulled his own suitcase with the other. They really looked like a family of three.
	They were indeed a family of three. But this image upset Amy. Why did Richard follow her to Zurich? What did he want?
	After leaving the lobby of the airport, there were already people waiting for Amy there. When they got into the car, the driver asked Amy what kind of hotel she liked.
	"Hello, Miss Newell, what kind of hotel do you like?"
	"It doesn't matter, as long as it is by the beach. Nothing else matters." Amy said to the driver. She liked the house by the sea the most.
	"OK. We'll go to the hotel you will like right away." The driver knew Amy's preference and took them to the desired hotel.
Chapter 254 Interesting Ferris Wheel
	"Richard, Zurich is so big. Why do you have to be with me? Why don't you go somewhere else for a stroll?" Amy was speechless to Richard who was following her.
	"Miss Newell, I would rather be called Assistant Richard. You should call me Assistant Richard until I quit my job," Richard took Allen's hand and said to Amy seriously.
	"Alright. Assistant Richard, I order you not to follow me." Amy then tried to pull Allen's hand.
	"No. Since you've acknowledged me as your assistant, how can an assistant go off on his own and let the president travel alone? If I do that, I will be derelict in my duties and you'd have more excuses to fire me. I won't be that stupid." Richard mentioned his duties seriously once again.
	Amy felt that she was teased. But she did not know how it happened and could not fight back.
	Richard, however, was amused while looking at Amy's defeated appearance.
	On the first day of the tour in Zurich, Amy was led by Richard by the nose. Richard knew very well where she wanted to go. So, although she was led by the nose, the places they went were all the places Amy wanted to go.
	They ate the special dishes and looked at the distinctive buildings in Zurich. Allen kept eating. There was so much to eat and play here. He simply felt his belly too small.
	"Mom, this ice cream is so delicious." Eating Zurich's ice cream, Allen was excited. Everything here delighted him. Besides, with Mr. Carter and his mom, they looked like a family. He liked this feeling, as if he had a father.
	"Great. But don't eat too much, or you'll have an upset stomach at night." Amy said hurriedly while looking at Richard buy a big ice cream for Allen.
	"It's okay. He'll share it with you. This ice cream is delicious and is a specialty here." Richard took another scoop for Amy, so that she could eat with Allen.
	'This man is really thoughtful,' Amy thought to herself. She suddenly had a strange feeling.
	Allen lifted the ice cream to Amy's lips. Seeing that the two men were taking care of her, Amy took the spoon from Richard's hand and ate a bite of Allen's ice cream. Then, she could not stop.
	She liked chocolate ice cream. The chocolate in this ice cream were wrapped in it. Every bite had a strong aroma of chocolate and milk. Amy didn't know what else was added in it. It was crispy. It was really delicious.
	"Mom, it is delicious, right?" Allen ate with Amy and scooped up another spoonful and handed it to Richard.
	"Mr. Carter, try it."
	"Thanks Allen," Richard took a bite of the ice cream Allen fed him. He felt it was the best he had ever eaten in over thirty years.
	The big ice cream was eaten by them. Then, they were not interested in the cold drinks.
	They came to the park. Richard found a quiet lawn and they intended to sit down to rest for a while.
	Allen lay on the lawn, looking at the sky and the grass around him. No one knew what he was thinking. He smiled brightly.
	"Allen, you are so happy. What are you thinking?" Richard sat next to Allen and looked at his happy face.
	"I am thinking that the three of us seem to be a family!" Allen then blurted out his thoughts, which embarrassed Amy.
	"Allen, don't talk nonsense." Amy said to Allen.
	"Alright." Allen's spirits drooped instantly.
	"It's okay. We can pretend to be a family and take care of each other. I can take care of you two. It is not bad. Don't depress the boy." Richard gently stroked Allen's hair, which was a little curl.
	Amy just thought this child was hers, not Richard's. Why did Richard care about Allen more than her, which made her seem like a stepmother?
	"I can't spoil my child too much. We are not a family. Why should we pretend to be?" Amy also got angry. This Richard always teased her and even said they could pretend to be a family this time. Although they were likely to be a family, Amy did not want to admit it at all.
	"Alright. Miss Newell, I will listen to you." Richard did not want to argue with Amy. They came out to relax and enjoy their trip. It was hard for them to travel together. So, Richard valued this opportunity.
	"What do you mean? I'm just telling the truth. You don't lead my child astray." Hearing Richard's words, Amy got angry again. Whatever this man said, she thought he was wrong.
	Richard did not know what he was wrong and why Amy got angry. It was said that it was hard to communicate with women. He had thought Amy was nice. But now, it looked like it was really hard to communicate. What should he say?
	"Mom, look, what is that thing?" seeing that Richard and Amy had an argument, the smart Allen pointed to the Ferris wheel not far away and asked.
	"That's a Ferris wheel. It's a fun game." Richard didn't want to say anything more to Amy and immediately said to Allen.
	"So can I play?" as soon as Allen heard it was a fun game, he rolled over and got up, his eyes filled with expectation.
	"Yes. It is safe. There is a playground and has a lot of fun games." Richard had intended to take Allen to play tomorrow. But now, it seemed like the plan was going to be advanced.
	"Mom, I want to play it." Allen turned to look at Amy.
	"Mom has fear of heights." Amy said helplessly to Allen. The Ferris wheel was so high that she really did not have the courage to play it.
	"Alright." Allen was disappointed and looked back at the Ferris wheel.
	"I will take you to it. Your mom can rest there." Richard did not want to disappoint Allen. He picked up Allen and said to Amy.
	Amy saw Allen's look just now. She also wanted to make her son happy. So, she did not say anything else. She was relieved to let Richard take care of the child.
	"Great! Mr. Carter, it's moving! Mom is getting smaller and smaller! I can't see mom now." Allen sat in the Ferris wheel and kept talking excitedly. He watched Amy looking at him. Then, his mom was getting smaller and smaller. Finally, nothing could be seen.
	"The higher we stand, the smaller the people below us will be. When we get to the top later, we'll be closer and closer to the sky." Richard patiently explained to Allen.
Chapter 255 The Past Happens Again
	Watching her son and Richard go up, Amy found a place to sit down and wait for them to come down.
	There were many things to play with here. But Amy did not like most of the games. To be honest, she did not like to play with these games at all.
	Allen came down and played a lot of games with Richard. Although he was busy, Richard still remembered to buy drinks for Amy and find a shady place, so that she could rest better.
	"Well, it is time to do it now. I don't like to see her happy. As long as she is miserable, I'm happy."
	A woman wearing sunglasses not far away said to the person next to her.
	"Yes, I'll do it right now." The man nodded to the woman, and walked towards Amy.
	Amy was drinking water. While watching her son and Richard playing happily, she couldn't help but smile. Although she often admonished Richard, she had an attachment to Richard now.
	"Stop right there! You bitch! Why do you seduce my husband?" Amy was looking at her child when four people suddenly appeared in front of her. A woman and an older man looked at a man and a woman in front of her.
	"Your husband? What a joke! He's my man. I have his child." The woman in front spoke disdainfully to the woman behind her.
	The man took care of the pregnant woman and didn't look back at his wife. He was just concerned about the woman beside him.
	"Honey, don't be angry. Dad will help you." The old man comforted his daughter, and then walked towards the man and woman.
	Before the old man arrived, a man with a knife suddenly came from behind and tried to stab the woman behind. The woman's father saw it and rushed back to protect his daughter. Then the knife was deeply stabbed into the old man's chest. Blood immediately sprayed out.
	"Dad! Dad!" The woman in the back saw her father being stabbed, and hurriedly squatted down and called out to her father.
	But the woman did not stop and was still trying to kill the daughter crying in pain. The father was still alive and turned over to press his daughter. The knife stabbed into the father's body again.
	The blood just flowed out like a stream and was very red.
	Amy looked at the scene in front of her and cried out in fear. The red blood made many things flash across Amy's mind.
	The man had been speaking lovingly to the woman beside him and never turned around. The man beside her was hit by a car.
	Amy's head ached violently. Her heart ached very much. She reached out and grabbed, but didn't grab anything. Her body went weak and she fell to the ground unconscious.
	"OK. Let's go. Clean up the paint on the ground." The woman with the sunglasses said to the men and turned to leave. She looked at Amy who had fallen to the ground after screaming, and sneered.
	The old man who pretended to be dead just now also stood up and took off his dirty clothes and beard, and took it all away.
	Richard took Allen to the place where Amy sat. But Amy had disappeared. Richard looked around to find her.
	When he asked the staff of the playground, the staff said that someone had fainted just now and had been taken to the hospital. Richard said about Amy's features and confirmed that the person was Amy.
	Richard hurriedly took Allen to the hospital he was told.
	Past events flashed across Amy's mind. The voice of the person who was talking to Allison in front of her, was indeed Richard's.
	She remembered everything. Stephen, her father, was run over right in front of her, while she was so distracted by the two people in front of her that she didn't notice that someone was trying to run her over from behind. So, her father lost his life to protect her.
	"Dad! Dad! Dad!" Amy woke up suddenly.
	"Amy, you're awake." The first thing Amy saw was Richard's concerned face.
	Amy stared at Richard for a long time. She used to be so infatuated with this face. But now, she just wanted to tear it apart.
	Richard saw that Amy had been looking at him without blinking, as if she was petrified.
	"Amy? Miss Newell?" Richard waved his hand in front of Amy before Amy's eyes moved.
	"Richard?" there was an indefinable emotion in Amy's voice while she called Richard.
	"Yes, it's me. I'm here. What was wrong? How come you fainted suddenly? Amy, are you still feeling unwell?" Richard looked at the strange Amy and thought she was still unwell.
	"No, I'm just tired." Amy looked away and stopped looking at Richard.
	"Then get some rest. I will take care of Allen. Don't worry. Tell me what you want to eat later and I'll go get it for you." Richard did not know that Amy had recovered her memory.
	"Thank you. Please go out and stay with Allen. I want to sleep alone for a while." Amy didn't want to see Richard now. The hatred in her heart was rising.
	"OK. I'll come in later. Rest for a while." Richard helped Amy tuck in and went out, closing the door behind him.
	Hearing Richard close the door, Amy opened her eyes again.
	He was the one who caused her to lose her father. He was the one who kept cheating her. He knew that Allison had a child, but still kept telling her that he was innocent. However, he was always in contact with Allison behind her back.
	She trusted him so much. But he made a monkey out of her!
	What did he want by coming to her now? Did he feel guilty about her father's death? Amy couldn't control her thoughts. She thought a lot.
	Amy was thinking about the past when her phone rang again. She opened it and saw a video from an unfamiliar number.
	Amy opened the video and watched it. Then, she shook with anger. The voice and profile of the man in the video was indeed Richard's. The woman standing opposite him was Allison. Amy heard clearly what they were talking. Richard had a premeditated approach to her!
Chapter 256 Recover Memory
	Amy clenched her fist tightly. She didn't believe all the things on the video. But thinking of other things, Amy felt Richard was really like the man in the video.
	"Richard, you'll pay for everything you've done." Amy swore to herself.
	Amy's attitude to Richard was much better after she fainted, which made Richard feel flattered.
	"Miss Newell, is it okay if I take Allen over there to play with water?" Richard took Allen and asked Amy.
	"Don't call me Miss Newell anymore. Aren't I your wife? You can call me Amy." Amy's words made Richard bewildered. He looked up at the sun. It was still coming out from the east.
	"Miss Newell... No, Amy, what's wrong with you today?" Richard looked a little unsure.
	"I'm fine. I just figured it out. I'm your wife. Since we're not divorced, we should be together. Are you trying to divorce me?" Amy said with a smile.
	"Absolutely not. I'm not going to divorce you. Amy, I just feel that something is wrong with you." Richard looked at Amy who was smiling at him. He wanted to reach out and touch her to see if there was something wrong with her.
	"Nothing. As I said just now, I figured it out." Amy said shyly to Richard.
	"So is Allen my son?" Richard asked tentatively.
	"Yes. I didn't marry another man when I was in France. Allen is your child. How could it possible that I don't know I have other men?" Amy definitely told Richard that Allen was his son.
	"Allen, do you hear it? I'm your dad, and you're my son!" Richard was so happy after getting the news. Allen was really his son. He had been worried that Amy had another man.
	"Then you are my dad! Dad, let's go play with water." Allen had been thinking about playing with water, although the news that he had a father was also quite shocking.
	"OK. Let's go play with water. Mom just got out of the hospital. Let's walk slowly. After playing with water, we'll go eat." Richard was excited now. He couldn't wait to call his parents and tell them that Allen was his son.
	"Hello, Mom. I'm in Zurich. Yes, I am fine. Mom, I have good news! Allen is my son! He is my son!" Richard said excitedly.
	But Cathy on the other end of the phone was very calm, saying, "We already knew about it."
	"What?" Richard was surprised. His parents had known Allen was his son. Why hadn't they told him?
	"Yes. He looks like a miniature version of you. So, I definitely know he is my grandson!" Cathy said rightfully.
	His parents were so unreliable. Richard was speechless. They had known that Allen was their grandson and had been happy for a long time, but just let him investigate Amy all the time.
	"Alright. Mom, you win. I'm going to take Allen to play. Bye." Richard didn't know how he should say about his parents. So, he simply stopped and complained in his heart.
	"OK. Take good care of my grandson." Cathy admonished Richard, making Richard almost think that he was adopted.
	Richard was playing with Allen in the water, while Amy sat there and watched them. Her mind was working frantically, but she kept a smile on her face all the time.
	Richard wanted to kill her? Then she would give him a chance to see who could win in the end.
	"Allen, say goodbye to your dad." Amy held Allen, who was already sleepy, and told him to say goodbye to Richard.
	Allen said perfunctorily, and fell asleep on Amy's shoulder.
	"Richard, I want to finish the journey now. Please book the air ticket the day after tomorrow and we'll go back. Since we are a couple, we should think about how to live afterwards. I'll also meet your parents." Amy said to Richard.
	"OK. You are right. Since we are a couple, we should not separate all the time. We have to find a solution." Hearing Amy's words, Richard was excited.
	"Good night then." Amy then said goodbye to Richard.
	"Good night." Richard watched Amy close the door before he went back to his bedroom opposite hers.
	"Why don't you travel a little longer? You are back so quickly." Mrs. Newell was surprised to see Amy and Allen back. She had made a month's itinerary for Amy. But it had only been a week and the two were back.
	"Mom, I've had a good time. There's no fun. I want to come back to work. Mom, you can go back to France to take care of Dad. I am okay now." Amy said to Mrs. Newell.
	"Are you sure? Amy, you have to take care of yourself. Look at you. You are getting more and weaker and often faint. I really don't feel at ease." Mrs. Newell had known that Amy fainted in Zurich.
	"Mom, it was an accident. I'm fine now. If I don't work, I'll have a harder time." Amy pouted to Mrs. Newell. What she said later was true. She would want to kill Richard if she did not work.
	"Alright. Since you are not willing to rest, I cannot force you. You can continue to work, and I will go back tomorrow to take care of your dad. Take care of yourself here and do not get sick again, okay?" Mrs. Newell told Amy over and over again.
	"I know. Don't worry, Mom." Amy didn't know why Mrs. Newell was so fond of her. But during the five years she lost her memory, it was Mr. and Mrs. Newell who took care of her. They once told her that they were her parents.
	However, her real father was Stephen Miller. Her real name was Amy Miller. But she still thanked Mr. and Mrs. Newell for their care and trust over the past five years.
	Seeing Amy insisted on working, Mrs. Newell had to go back to take care of Mr. Newell. This time, Amy went on a trip for a few days. Mrs. Newell did not know the effect. Amy did not seem to have any change after coming back. Mrs. Newell also did not know whether the matter between her and Richard were solved or not.
Chapter 257 The Pain of That Year
	"Richard, this is the cooperation agreement with the Wilson Group. I have signed it. Please take it to the Wilson Group after you read it." After she returned home, Amy became more serious about her work. She did an about-turn towards Richard.
	"OK. I'll read it right away." Richard picked up the cooperation agreement with the Wilson Group. He had to review it again before sending it over.
	"Daria, make an appointment for me with Andy and tell him to wait for me at the usual place." Amy said to Daria, her secretary.
	"Yes." Daria answered the phone and did it.
	Amy flipped through the cooperation proposal with HD Group. She had read it several times, but hadn't figured out how to cooperate yet.
	"Miss Newell, I've read it. There's nothing wrong with the agreement." Richard quickly read the agreement. There were no major problems in it, except that it was harsh on the Wilson Group.
	"Send it over if there are no problems." Amy said to Richard.
	Richard took the agreement to Wilson Group. He did not know what Matt was thinking. Matt almost could not make any money. Did he just want to have more contact with Amy?
	Thinking about it, Richard felt he should remind Amy to be on guard against Matt. Although he could help Amy, he was afraid Amy would be cheated by Matt if he did not pay attention.
	"Are you Mr. Carter? Aren't you Amy's husband? Why are you her assistant now? It seems that you are doing it well?" Matt sat there and looked at Richard, saying scornfully.
	"Does it matter? I am her husband and can also be her assistant. It's between us, and none of your business. I just do not understand, Matt, Why are you so humble in the cooperation with Newell Group?" Richard said to Matt in a way neither servile nor overbearing.
	"I just want to cooperate with Newell Group, no matter how humble I need to be. You know what I mean. I didn't cherish Amy back then. I'm sorry for her. So, I'm going to treat her well now, and get her back." Matt directly told Richard about his thoughts. His words were full of provocation.
	"Just by you? What a dream! You hurt her so much back then. Do you think she will make the same mistake? Besides, she's my wife now. So, behave yourself. I'm warning you, Matt, if you dare to do anything to Amy, I'll never let you go." Richard did not bother to argue with Matt, who was simply a scum.
	After saying that, Richard turned around and left. When he went out, he ran into Landon.
	"Hey, Mr. Carter. How come you have time to come to Wilson Group?" Landon was surprised to see Richard. Richard was a superior figure. How could he condescend to come to Wilson Group?
	"Mr. Wilson, I'm here to send the documents. Excuse me, I have something to do. Bye." Out of politeness, Richard greeted Landon, and then left.
	Landon looked at Richard's back. His gaze was deep and no one knew what he was thinking.
	"Hey, Andy. Just sit down." Seeing Andy coming, Amy immediately stood up and greeted him.
	Andy smiled as he walked in and sat down, and something suddenly occurred to him.
	"Miss Newell, what are you calling me?" Andy asked Amy.
	"Andy, don't call me Miss Newell. Just call me Amy like before." Amy served Andy the tea.
	"Amy? Do you recover your memory?" Andy asked tentatively, because Amy used to call him that.
	"Yes. But I did not tell anyone. Now, only we know. I remember that you saved me for the last time. Thank you. It's been five years before I thank you." Amy choked. She did not expect that in addition to her own father, Andy also saved her.
	"Don't mention it. We are good friends. Amy, it is not a good thing that you recovered your memory. I even hope you will never recover. How did you recover?" Andy asked in confusion.
	"When I was in Zurich, I saw with my own eyes the past happen again. I don't know who did that intentionally, but I was stimulated and recovered my memory. I remembered everything. What froze me at that time was Richard and Allison together. They were very loving. I remembered that Allison was pregnant. But Richard repeatedly told me it was a conspiracy. I believed him. But I now realize how stupid I was back then."
	Amy took a sip of tea, shaking with anger.
	"What's going on? Amy, calm down. No matter what happens, I will help you." Looking at Amy's hands shaking with anger, Andy was particularly sad. What had happened to this girl back then?
	"Andy, that's what happened back then." Amy then told Andy about what had happened that year.
	Andy frowned more and more tightly. When he went there, he only saw Amy crying on Stephen's body. He did not know what happened before.
	"How can this be? Amy, Allison's mother, who hit your father, has been sick and died. Allison also disappeared for a long time. This is not consistent with what you said. If Richard and she were together, why would Allison disappear? She even married Philip." Andy didn't know what had happened back then. But he did know what happened later.
	Richard did not marry Allison. Allison had disappeared in R City for five years, and just came back this year. There must be something wrong.
	"Because the Carter Group encountered a financial crisis. Allison volunteered to help Richard to raise money, so that the Carter Group could relieve the pressure of funds. I have checked it. There was indeed a mysterious amount of money invested in the Carter Group at that time. This should be thanks to Allison. The two of them banded together as traitors, and even want to annex the Newell Group now. They are really ambitious." When Amy said these words, her heart hurt so much. How blind she was back then to marry Richard.
	Although Andy felt that there was something wrong, he couldn't say what it was.
	"Amy, how do you know?" Andy asked Amy.
	"Andy, look at this." Amy felt that the only person she could trust now was Andy.
Chapter 258 William Is Beaten
	Amy showed Andy the video, which should be secretly filmed. The man should be Richard. Although it was just a profile, the figure and profile looked the same as Andy's. The opposite woman was Allison. Their voices were a little low, but they could hear it.
	Andy was a little angry after listening to the conversation. Didn't Richard say that he want to get Amy back? Why did he trap Amy? This Richard was really cunning, and almost cheated him.
	"Amy, I will help you. No matter what you want to do, I will be your strong backing. Just do whatever you want." Andy said firmly. Before, he was not qualified to protect her and had much concerns, because Amy was Richard's wife.
	But it was because he had too many worries and caused Amy to be hurt. Andy was guilty.
	"Thank you, Andy. You're the only one I can trust now. I don't know what I should do without you! By the way, Andy, do you know why Mr. and Mrs. Newell would take me in?" This was also what Amy wanted to know.
	"I am not sure. But after your accident, Mrs. Newell arrived. She said you were her daughter, and everything should be her responsibility. You were too sad and lost your memory at that time. So, I left you to her." Andy trusted Mrs. Newell. The way she looked at Amy was the way a mother looked at her daughter.
	Amy found out that it was painful to recover her memory. Mr. and Mrs. Newell were reasonable to not want her to recover her memory. They just did not want her to be in pain.
	Why would Mr. and Mrs. Newell be so good to her? They said they were her parents. But she had a father. Was there any hidden agenda here?
	Halbert had signed supply contracts with Sherry's company and Tom's company recently. The orders were so big that he didn't have much rest and always stayed at the factory.
	The requirements for export goods were strict. Halbert did not dare to neglect. Richard was in charge before. But since Amy came back, Richard did not want anything except her. So, he could only deal with it himself.
	He also did not want to go home. William and Sophia were getting divorced, which made the family a chaos. Cathy had moved to Richard's villa. The people in the family were always fighting.
	Although Halbert didn't want to face it, he couldn't necessarily avoid it. Grandma Eva called him.
	"Halbert, come back now! This family is really cutting up. Your son and daughter-in-law are not easy to get along. I cannot stop them at all." Grandma Eva had thought that the guys would listen to her when she stopped them. But it turned out that no one would listen to her. Sophia was now dissatisfied with her, because she and Addy had accepted the gifts from that woman.
	"OK, I'll be right back." Halbert had no choice. His mother called him, and he couldn't avoid it anyway.
	While driving, Halbert had a headache. He also felt how hard Richard was before. He left such a large company to Richard, but Richard managed it orderly. Was he old? He really had a headache.
	Before Halbert entered the room, a cup flew out and almost hit his head. Luckily, he dodged.
	"What are you doing?" Halbert was very angry, and his voice was not as gentle as it used to be.
	Sophia, who was fighting with William, heard Halbert coming back, pushed William away, ran to Halbert and cried.
	"Dad, Dad, look at William! He has a mistress, and is so justified. He even wants to divorce me! What should I do? Dad, please help me." Sophia was crying heavily. She was really sad. In the Carter family, she was so noble. The White Group had gone bankrupt. If they got divorced, she would be too ashamed to meet people.
	"Dad, don't listen to her nonsense. She had an abortion and had a hymen repair. She cheated me. Such a woman is so disgusting. I also do not know how many men she has slept with before. She is too dirty. I do not want such a wife. She brings disgrace on me!" William came over, tried to grab Sophia, but was stopped by Halbert.
	"Stop it! No matter what kind of woman she is, you chose her at that time. If you don't like her now, it is your own fault!" Halbert was rude to William. His two sons born to Addy really made him speechless. Recently, he even found out that William was embezzling public funds.
	"I was blind at the time, but I see clearly now. So, I'm getting a divorce and leaving this filthy woman." William was determined this time. The woman in the room gave birth to his child at least. He could not make his son illegitimate. A woman like Sophia was dirty and even could not give birth to a child. She was useless for him.
	Halbert was so angry that he slapped William. He already hinted at William. But William did not understand at all. How stupid!
	"Dad, why are you slapping me? It's not my fault!" William covered his face and looked at Halbert. Although Halbert was not very close to William, he had never hit him. Now, Halbert actually slapped him for this bitch.
	"Come on, Halbert. Just calm down and have a talk. Why do you slap William?" Grandma Eva was distressed while seeing her grandson being beaten.
	Grandma Eva thought her son and her grandson were her family. As for daughters-in law or something like that, they could be replaced at any time as long as she did not like them. Now, Grandma Eva wanted to let someone replace Sophia. Sophia looked not bad before. But compared with the woman in the room, she was too far. First of all, Sophia was thoughtless and did not give her gift. Second, Sophia could not have children. In the Carter family, no children meant no status.
	"You all go back. William, come with me to the study." There were some things Halbert couldn't say when everyone was there.
	All people paused. What was going on? Did Halbert intend to apologize to his son?
	But they all listened to Halbert. After all, he was supporting the whole family now.
	William was very aggrieved, covered his face, and followed Halbert into the study. Halbert looked at the frozen people in the living room, and then closed the door of the study.
Chapter 259 Hatred for Richard
	"Dad, what's wrong?" William was impatient. He only wanted to divorce Sophia now. Only after getting a divorce, he could get the mistress and their child recognized.
	"What's wrong? How dare you ask me that? William, tell me, where did you get the money to support the mistress and the child? How could you buy a house secretly?" Halbert had a gloomy face.
	William was nervous while hearing it. He did it secretly. How did his father find out?
	"Say it! Aren't you a good talker? Tell me how you got the money! Now that you've been sued, you even want a divorce. It seems that you don't want your position in the Carter Group? You can't get a divorce now. Behave yourself and come out with Sophia, so that people can know how happy you guys are. Just pretend it all the time." Halbert said to William with a gloomy face.
	"Dad, which media is it? How did they know?" William also knew that although he was nobody in the Carter Group, for the outsiders, as long as it was something about the Carter Group, they would make groundless accusations.
	"How dare you ask me? You are so stupid and even misappropriate the company's funds. How dare you ask me? Now that someone got something on you, you shame the Carter Group." Halbert said and got angry again, and punched William a few times.
	"Dad, Dad, it hurts, it hurts!" This time, William did not hide while being beaten. He just asked Halbert to beat lightly.
	"Do you hear me? From now on, be nice to Sophia. You have to ask for her help to act. If you get divorced now, I can't even save you." Although Halbert was not very fond of Jacob and William, they were his own children. At the critical moment, he still loved them.
	"I know, I know." William was honest now.
	"And you have to make the money you misappropriated up. The finance director has told me the specific amount. I wonder who can be more familiar with our finances than you. They already know how much money you misappropriated. If you do not make it up, you are not qualified to be the branch manager." Halbert did not even want to look at William.
	"But I don't have so much money! Dad, please help me!" William panicked at this time. He had spent all his money. How could he get money to subsidize it?
	"There's nothing I can do. You have to handle what you have done." Halbert did not want to indulge William anymore. He had embezzled a large sum of money.
	After saying that, Halbert let William out. He sat in his study quietly, thinking about something.
	"How's it going, William? What did your father say to you?" Grandma Eva saw that her grandson came out with a gloomy face.
	"It's okay. Why don't you guys leave? I'm leaving. Damn it!" William didn't say anything to his grandmother and mother. He just looked at Sophia, who looked nervous and did not know what he was going to do.
	"What do you want?" Sophia hid behind Grandma Eva.
	"Nothing. You're lucky and I'm not divorcing you. Don't worry." William said and went back.
	"What did Halbert say to him just now? How did he change dramatically? Does the slap just now work?" Grandma Eva looked at William's back and muttered.
	"That's right. It looks like Halbert is powerful. He dealt with it with a few words. It is useless whatever we said before. They continue to fight every day." Addy worshiped Halbert even more. How come she didn't catch such a man back then?
	"Allison, I'm finally at peace. William is not divorcing me anymore. It really vexes me." Sophia felt a little relaxed recently, and she came to Allison.
	"Look, Amy is a pest. She's not even in the Carter family now, but still makes you suffer in the family." Allison felt pity for Sophia on the surface, but she was clear in the heart.
	"You are right. This woman is so tricky. She just used one move, and made me suffer so much. If I have the chance, I will not let her go." Sophia also wanted to make Amy fall on hard time, but never had the right chance.
	"Now there is a chance. Do you want it?" seeing that Sophia slowly fell into her snare, Allison felt she could use this stupid woman.
	"What chance? As long as it can make Amy fall on hard time, I am willing to do anything." Sophia's eyes lit up as soon as she heard there was a chance.
	"Come here. I'll tell you." Allison motioned for Sophia to come over and told her the plan.
	"Miss Newell, here's the contract with SR Company. I've drafted it. See if there's anything you need to add." Richard held up the contract he had stayed up all night to finish.
	"You've done it all? You are so efficient. Put it there then." Amy smiled more frequently at Richard. But Richard felt that the smile was not sincere, and that Amy did not want to smile at all.
	"Miss Newell, is there something on your mind lately?" Richard asked Amy. Although she was smiling, there were mixed emotions in her eyes.
	"Yes. The cooperation with HD Group vexes me. But you can't be involved in this matter. It's your family's company." Amy sighed.
	"What's going on? Isn't HD Group already giving in to Newell Group? Is there something wrong with it?" Richard had read HD Group's proposal. He found that HD Group lost out more in the cooperation with Newell Group than Wilson Group did.
	But why was Amy vexed?
	"Look, as I said, you favor HD Group. You are so eager before I say anything. If I say something, will you fight with me?" the smile on Amy's face disappeared.
	"Miss Newell, I didn't mean that. I mean you can bring up any condition. Don't worry about it." Seeing Amy misunderstand him, Richard hurriedly explained.
	"Forget it. I'm not going to talk to you about these things, or the relationship we built up with difficulty will break up again later."
	Amy looked tolerant. When she looked at Richard again, there was no more love in her heart, but only strong hatred.
	"Amy, I didn't mean that. Don't get me wrong. I'm just an assistant, not an informer of any family. Just do what you want. I will always be with you." Seeing Amy unhappy, Richard hurriedly said.
Chapter 260 Changes of the Carter Family
	Amy was talking to Andy about something. When Richard came in, the two stopped talking and both looked at Richard.
	"I just came in to serve you guys water. Please continue your discussion." Richard put the tea down and went out. He even closed the door behind him on his way out.
	"Well. Have you decided to do this?" Andy took a sip of tea and asked Amy.
	"Yes. I'm going to do it. I don't want to flinch anymore." Amy nodded firmly.
	"OK, I'll help you." Andy nodded. He would help Amy unconditionally as long as it was what Amy wanted to do.
	"Mr. Carter, our goods were delivered last time, but the other party hasn't paid. This time, they directly rejected it because the goods are faulty." The sales manager rushed into Halbert's office, panting.
	"What? Faulty goods? The quality of our goods is always up to standard. Why didn't it reach the standard this time?" Halbert was surprised. HD Group had invested a lot of money in the goods.
	"I do not know. This is the returned goods. I have checked it. They are indeed our productions. But our productions have been inspected." The sales manager had several unqualified goods in his hand.
	"Mr. Carter, bad news! Those quality inspectors are missing for no reason. They haven't come to work for several days." The manager of the HR department came to Halbert's office to report.
	Halbert had a headache. Each time the other party would pay for the first goods only after they received the second goods. If the second goods were unqualified, HD Group would get much less money for the first goods, and even have to compensate the other party for the second faulty goods.
	"How can so many things happen at the same time? Is there someone behind it?" Halbert suddenly heard so many things and was a little overwhelmed. He had never encountered so many troublesome things at the same time.
	"You go find out what's going on. Get those quality inspectors back and ask who's behind it." Halbert almost roared to his men.
	"Yes, I'll go check it out right away." The sales manager and the manager of the HR department then both went out.
	"Halbert, look at your good son. What's going on? Why don't you even tell me about it?" Cathy came in with a newspaper in her hand. She slapped it down on Halbert's desk in anger.
	Halbert opened the newspaper and saw the headline, "The second son of the Carter family has embezzled hundreds of millions of public funds." In addition, there were the photos of William and his mistress being taken on the street, and the photos of his luxury villa. Those were all exposed.
	These things about the Carter family were spreading online. Soon, the hits were over 10,000, and still increasing.
	"Dad, Dad, I am too ashamed to see anyone now. What should I do?" Sophia cried and ran into Halbert's office, showing the video on her phone to Halbert.
	Sophia was drinking tea with some rich ladies at that time. She didn't know which bitch saw the video first and showed it to everyone. Then, those people looked at her with contempt. In a short time, they all kept a distance from her, as if she was a virus.
	Halbert watched those things and a spurt of anger flashed through him. He felt a little dizzy.
	"Halbert, you always tell me nothing. You brought your mother over to live and she messed my home. Do you really not know that William embezzled such a large amount of public funds? Just because he's your son, so you're so indulgent of him? Do you take me seriously? I'm disappointed in you. Let's divorce! "After Cathy finished her words, she turned around and left.
	Her dear Richard worked hard for the company, but Addy's son slowly took all of this for himself. Now that her home was being overrun by Addy and Grandma Eva, what was the point of her staying in this family?
	"Cathy! Cathy, listen to me!" Halbert's chest was aching with anger.
	"Dad! Dad! What should I do? What should I do!" Sophia pulled Halbert's hand so that he couldn't get away.
	"Be quiet! You guys leave me alone! Leave me alone!" Halbert covered his head. So many things happened at the same time that he didn't know what to do.
	Halbert's head and chest were getting painful. He thought of Richard. His hands were trembling and he took his cell phone out of his pocket. Just as he dialed Richard's number, he fainted.
	Richard picked up his phone, but no one spoke on the other side of the phone. After he said "hello" a few times, he heard Sophia's voice. Sophia was crying and calling Halbert.
	Richard didn't say goodbye to Amy and drove back to HD Group in a hurry.
	When he arrived at HD Group, Halbert had been taken to the hospital. Richard rushed to the hospital then. Halbert was still in the emergency room.
	Only Sophia was crying there. Richard asked her what happened. But she couldn't say anything clearly, making Richard anxious.
	Richard called his secretary, who then told Richard about what had happened today.
	HD Group suddenly suffered such a change, which upset Richard. What was going on? There must be a powerful person who could make HD Group suffer such a heavy blow.
	Amy and Andy's recent frequent meetings made Richard suspicious. Could it be Amy? It was impossible. Why would Amy do that?
	"The patient is in a bad condition. He can't be irritated. You guys can only say something which can brighten him. Be sure to remember!" Halbert was pushed out of the emergency room. The doctors were sweating nervously. The Carter family's head suddenly fell ill. If he did not save him, he might not be able to live well in R City.
	"Well, I see. Thank you, doctor." Richard said to the doctor.
	"Richard, what happened? Why did dad faint?" Hilary rushed over as soon as she got off the plane. She was anxious while hearing that her dad was sick.
	Hilary had returned to her former life recently. She used to go to work to accompany Amy. Now that Amy no longer worked at HD Group, Hilary was free and often travelled with her friends.
	"There is something wrong in the company. Dad was too angry and fainted. But now he is fine. Remember not to anger him." Richard told Hilary.
	"OK, I see. That is Sophia, right? Why is she crying so sadly? Did someone have an accident?" seeing that Sophia cried so heavily, as if someone died, Hilary was a bit confused.
Chapter 261 This Woman Knows
	"Sophia, what is wrong? Why are you crying so sadly?" Hilary walked over. Although she didn't like Sophia, they were a family. She'd better care for her.
	"Dad is sick. I feel sad." If Halbert was there, William would have some restraint and would not force her so hard. But if Halbert couldn't speak, William would definitely trouble her. The mistress was pretty and young, and now had a son. She was no match for her.
	Hilary felt that Sophia usually was not so kind. But when her father was sick, Sophia was quite concerned, which made Hilary's impression on her change.
	"Sophia, dad is fine. Don't cry. The doctor said that dad needs to rest. If you keep crying here, he will get angry again after being woken up later." Richard knew why Sophia was crying so sadly.
	"Richard, sorry. Dad is good to me. Seeing him like this, I am sad." Sophia quickly stopped crying.
	"Richard, what's going on? As soon as I got off the plane, the secretary called me and said that dad fainted." Hilary was eager to know why her dad fainted.
	"Something happened at home. I'll tell you later. We can't let Dad hear about it." Richard glanced at Sophia.
	"Sophia, you go back first. Hilary and I will stay with dad. You must be tired. Just go back and rest." Richard said to Sophia.
	Sophia also didn't want to look after Halbert here. The doctor said they could not anger Halbert again. There was nothing she could do here. So, Sophia wanted to go back to rest and see what William were doing at home now.
	After Sophia left, Richard told Hilary about the recent events.
	"What? I think that someone must be behind it! Who could it be?" Hilary pouted with anger.
	"I don't know. Dad can't run the company anymore in this condition. I have to check this out." Richard couldn't stay with Amy now. He had to go back to HD Group to check it out. Now that Amy recovered memories, he was confident.
	"Miss Newell, I'm quitting. I've had some family matters and my father has been hospitalized. So, I have to go back." Richard offered Amy his resignation.
	Amy had always wanted Richard to resign. But when he really asked for it, she suddenly felt sad.
	"Have you thought about it? If you have, then go to the finance department and get your salary." Amy was reluctant inside, but looked relieved on the surface. She could not let Richard see her thoughts.
	"Goodbye then." Seeing that Amy did not intend to keep him, Richard looked at her. Amy looked down and continued reading the file. Richard had no choice but to turn around and leave.
	After Richard left, Amy looked up. Her nose twitched and she felt a little reluctant. But Richard did need to deal with the matters of the Carter family.
	"Mr. Carter, I find out that Amy did not have contact with anyone while being in France. After giving birth to the baby, she became a workaholic. She always has a heartache, and afraid of red." The person who had investigated in France came back and reported to Richard.
	"OK. Is that all?" Richard asked the visitor.
	"There's another one. I am not sure if it's true. I dare not talk nonsense." The visitor was hesitating whether he should tell Richard the hearsay.
	"Say it." Richard ordered him to say.
	"It's what that doctor once said. If Amy is no longer afraid of red, it's a sign that she's going to regain her memory. That's what people are saying. It shouldn't be reasonable." This was what he heard from a nurse. That doctor did not admit it.
	Richard felt that this must be a joke. How was it possible? Being not afraid of red was a sign that people would recover the memory? He had never heard of it.
	What the visitor said was similar to what Richard had known. Since the death of Stephen, Amy was so sad that she lost her memory. But Richard had not found out what the relations between Mr. and Mrs. Newell and Amy. Mr. and Mrs. Newell said Amy was their daughter. Why? They had never announced it to others. There should be someone who knew about it.
	Richard thought of a person. This person should know a lot about Mrs. Newell. She had not been supported by Eliana. So, she must hate Eliana very much. If he found her at this time and gave her some money, she would certainly tell the news.
	Richard had thought he was thoughtful. But Cherry was not as easy to deal with as he thought.
	"I know nothing. You can ask Eliana about it." Cherry looked at the cash on the table. She needed it badly, but she couldn't accept it.
	"If we can know these things from Eliana, do you think we need to come to you? Do you really think we are too rich?" the visitor looked at the apartment where Cherry lived. It wasn't big, but clean.
	"Tell me what the relation between Amy and Eliana is. Why did Mrs. Newell adopt her?" the man in the black suit lit a lighter and waved it in front of Cherry.
	"I don't know. I really don't know! You know how noble Mrs. Newell is. How come she will tell me everything?" 'She even did not give me money!' Cherry wanted to say that she didn't have such a sister.
	"You are Amy's aunt. Now that Stephen is dead, you are her relative. But you know nothing. Don't you think it's strange? By the way, I know that you have a daughter studying abroad. She seems to major in business administration. That university is very familiar to me." The man in black suit turned off the lighter. He took out a cell phone from his pocket, opened and looked at it, and casually put it on the table.
	Cherry glanced at it. It was a video. The girl in it was her daughter and was dating a man.
	"Don't hurt my daughter! Don't hurt her! I'll tell you. I'll tell you everything." Seeing her daughter discovered by these people, Cherry couldn't care about much.
	"Good. Tell me everything you know. But remember that you have to forget it after you tell me today. If someone comes to ask you later, you can only say you know nothing!" the man in black threatened Cherry.
Chapter 262 Who Is Behind the Scenes
	"Mr. Carter, we have gone to ask Cherry. But she said she knew nothing. When we questioned closely, she simply stopped talking. So, we didn't get anything." The man sent by Richard was very disappointed. He did not get anything.
	"Her reaction is weird. You go and check if someone has come to her before us." Richard instantly thought of the man behind it. Since the man could get the HD Group in trouble, he was sure to think of Cherry.
	"OK, I'll go check it out right away." Richard's men immediately went to do it.
	The man behind the scenes was powerful. He calculated all these things and did a good job of prevention in advance, which puzzled Richard. There were few people with such intelligence and ability in R City.
	Richard listed those people, including Amy and Andy.
	But if it was Amy, why would she do it to him? He did not do anything wrong to her, did he?
	The rest of those people were even more impossible. Hadrian didn't have the strength now. When Allison left here five years ago, Hadrian had come to argue with him a few times, and did not take any extreme actions.
	After the analysis, Richard was confused. If Amy wanted to take revenge, she would certainly take revenge on the Field family. But she had lost her memory, and the Field family had not done anything to hurt her now. These things really made Richard confused.
	"Richard, look at what a woman you married! She even fought both with open and secret means at our home. Have we offended her? Why was she so cruel to us?" As soon as Grandma Eva saw Richard return, she walked to him on crutches, saying angrily.
	"Grandma, how do you know Amy did this? She's not that kind of person." Richard said to Grandma Eva, and helped her to sit down on the sofa.
	"Don't lie to me. Your brothers have analyzed. Now in R City, the only one who can do such things to our family is her. Now that she has gotten close to Mr. Newell, does she hold us cheap?" Grandma Eva heard that Halbert was so angry that he was hospitalized, and Cathy was divorcing. This family was not like a family now.
	"Grandma, we can't say who did it until we find out. We have no proof." Richard did not believe it was Amy who did these things. She was so kind that it was impossible for her to do such things.
	"You're still protecting her now! Do you know what she has gone through in the past five years of her disappearance? She is a cheap woman. She hates us! That's the proof. This woman caused your father to be sick and hospitalized, and caused our company to suffer a loss. She did all things!" Grandma Eva got anxious as she heard her grandson still protecting Amy.
	"That's right, Richard. This woman is too vicious. What did she do to our family? We didn't treat her badly before. She's really an ungrateful and vicious person!" William also did not dare to go out recently. As long as he went out, he would be thrown rotten eggs by those shareholders.
	"How dare you talk about Amy? It's true that you embezzled public funds. I've found out that you started to embezzle the company's funds six years ago. You'd better make up the money first." Richard could do nothing to his brothers. He had advised them many times, but they all turned a deaf ear to it. If the shareholders knew these things, they were sure to be very angry.
	"Richard, I've used all the money to buy the house. It has all been used. How can I make up it?" William was short of money. He just bought the mansion and luxury car. Now, he had a child. How could he have money?
	"I don't care. If you can't make up the misappropriated money, then you'll have to settle it yourself when the shareholders sue you." When Richard was in the company, William didn't dare to do it. Later, Halbert became the president. Halbert couldn't take care of so many things and was negligent about the branch, which gave William a chance.
	"Richard, if you don't help me, I'll have to die. They're going to sue me and I'm going to jail. Please help me. I've made a contribution to the Carter family and had a baby." William had no choice but to beg Richard.
	Richard gave him a cold glance and said, "Deal with what you do. I have no obligation to clear up the messy situation for you. By the way, Grandma, please stay home and have a good rest. I know how to handle the company's affairs. So, don't worry about it." Richard's aura was so powerful that those people had no more words to say.
	"Well, goodbye. I still have a lot of things to do." Richard did not want to say anything more to these people. The management loopholes of the company were too big, and the financial affairs of the branch also needed to be rectified. Without his signature, William should not get any money from the company.
	The fact that Richard returned to the HD Group to continue to be the president quickly spread to all corners of R City. It had been five years. During the five years, Richard did not ask anything about the HD Group. Now, he suddenly came back. Many people were not very accustomed to. After all, they were more relaxed while Halbert was the president.
	Just a week after Richard returned to the HD Group, Philip came to meet Richard.
	Philip was venerable. Richard respected him and invited him for dinner, arriving at the restaurant on time.
	The private room Phillip booked was by the window. They could see the scene below. Philip had not yet come and told Richard that something delayed him for a while. Richard sat by the window. The waiter served him a cup of tea.
	As Richard was drinking tea, he seemed to see Matt and a woman going out and saying something below. Richard listened carefully, and only heard that the voice was like Amy's. He also vaguely heard quality inspection and other words. He did not hear it clearly.
	But Amy kept her back to him. She carefully looked around to make sure no one noticed her. Then, she said goodbye to Matt, turned around, and took a car to go.
	Amy liked to wear black clothes and had also short curly hair. Although her walking posture was a bit strange, Richard was sure that the woman was Amy.
Chapter 263 Secret Help
	"Hey, Mr. Carter. I have been wondering who the new president of the HD Group is. It turns out to be Amy's assistant. It's so interesting. Sorry to keep you waiting. Something delayed me just now." Before Philip fully walked into the room, his voice already came. Then, he entered the private room with Allison.
	"Mr. Carter, where is Miss Newell? Why isn't she here? I just saw her. Did you guys come together?" Allison deliberately looked around.
	It turned out that he was not the only one who saw Amy. Allison also saw her. Richard was more sure what just happened.
	"No, I didn't come with her. She probably has something else to do here." Richard replied.
	"Amy is here? Why didn't I see her?" Philip was confused. Why he didn't see Amy while the other two did? Philip was fond of Amy.
	"Maybe you missed her. But honey, we invited Mr. Carter today. So, don't keep thinking about Miss Newell." Allison clapped her hands and let the waiter serve the food.
	The dishes were ordered according to Richard's preference. Richard looked at Allison, who was also looking at him.
	"Mr. Carter, there is something I want to ask you today. So, I invited you to have dinner." Philip said to Richard. He actually thought highly of Richard, who was young and capable. Although there was a rumor of him going crazy, it had been cured and over.
	"What is it? Just say it, Mr. Philip." Richard was still thinking about the back of the woman inside.
	"I heard that William, the deputy manager of the HD Group, has embezzled a colossal amount of public money, and many shareholders are angry. I wonder how you are going to solve this matter." Philip did not talk in a roundabout way. Halbert had been hospitalized with anger. Now that Richard took over the HD Group, he certainly had to give the shareholders an explanation.
	"I will handle it impartially. I gave William a deadline to make up the money. If he does not do it beyond that period, I will leave him to the shareholders." Richard didn't know why Philip was asking him this question.
	"Good. That's a good way. Then let's not talk about that. I know all I want to know. Let's get to the main topic, the capital problem of the HD Group." Philip knew Richard's ability and was satisfied.
	After he separated from Philip, Richard was a bit relieved. He did not expect that Philip was willing to help him this time. Philip did not directly say it, but it seemed that Allison begged him to help the HD Group.
	But it did not matter now. The HD Group was in desperate need of funds. This incident had involved many people and had left the HD Group with a shortfall in funds.
	He was touched that someone was willing to help him at this time. As long as the funding was made up, the HD Group would not lose too much.
	Then, Richard got busy and didn't have time to meet Amy. He had to save the HD Group.
	"Miss Newell, we don't have much cooperation with the HD Group. Why should we pay them before we receive goods this time?" Daria didn't understand. In the past, Miss Newell was very harsh to the HD Group, basically made the other party get little benefit, and would also delay payment.
	But this time, Miss Newell quickly signed a contract with the HD Group. The terms were much more kind. They even paid in advance. The Newell Group had never done such a thing.
	"Stop talking nonsense!" Amy glared at Daria.
	Daria stuck out her tongue and left. Amy asked the CFO to come to her office. She let the CFO make a payment to the HD Group first, and also pay all the payments that had been delayed before.
	"Miss Newell, don't we usually delay the payment for the HD Group for three months? Why do we have to make a payment first this time?" the CFO was confused. When they did not make a payment before, she did not understand. Now, they had to make a payment in advance. She still did not understand. She really could not guess what the president was thinking.
	"It doesn't matter. I just think we can pay for the goods in advance at this time, so that the quality of the HD Group's goods can be guaranteed. Otherwise, it will be the same as that of Ms. Rose. The goods from Ms. Rose are faulty this time, and need to be reprocessed. By the way, I think we still have goods from Ms. Rose, right?" Amy asked the CFO.
	"Yes. I just came from the warehouse. We still have a lot of goods."
	The CFO didn't know what Miss Newell meant by saying this. Was she going to sell the goods to the HD Group at a higher price?
	"OK, good. Then get the money ready and pay the HD Group this afternoon," Amy was busy lately.
	She made another call to the sales manager and asked him to check the goods right away. She would take them to Ms. Rose first.
	After everything was arranged, Amy felt tired. Shouldn't she kick Richard when he was down? But she couldn't do it.
	"Amy, what's wrong with you?" Hannah came to Amy's office, carrying the soup she just made.
	"Mom, you're here?" Amy was in a daze. When she saw Hannah, she unconsciously called out for her mom.
	"I'm Hannah, not your mom." When Hannah heard it, she knew Amy was dazed from her sleep.
	"Well, Hannah, sorry. I just fell asleep in a daze." It was the first time that Amy had fallen asleep in the office. She had never fallen asleep in the office before, even if she just slept for five or six hours a day at that time.
	"I know you are tired. I'm really like your mom. I have made some soup and brought it to you. Richard has left. It's not easy for you to be alone." Hannah knew what had happened to the Carter family. She couldn't help it. She didn't understand business at all. It was easier for her to cook.
	"I'm used to it. Thank you, Hannah. You're so nice to me that I'm a little guilty. By the way, I have chocolate. This is a hand-made dark chocolate just arrived from France. I think you would like it." Amy remembered the gift she had prepared for Hannah and stood up.
	Hannah liked dark chocolate best and would never get tired of it. Amy, who had recovered her memory, certainly knew it.
	"Amy, do you still remember I like dark chocolate best?" Hannah didn't know that Amy had regained her memory. She just felt that Amy was the only one who still knew her preference when she lost memory.
Chapter 264 William Escapes
	"Mr. Carter, the Newell Group paid what they owed us. Besides, it's very strange. They paid a lot more money." The CFO of the HD Group came to Richard with the extra money he drew from bank.
	"Check if it's the payment for this order." Richard instantly reacted and asked the CFO to check.
	"Well, you are right. It is just the payment for this order. But the Newell Group always delays payment by two months. Why didn't they delay the payment this time and pay in advance?" the CFO was a bit confused.
	"Don't worry about this. It is a good thing that we receive the payment. We need funds. You go check how much money we have now. We must pay Ms. Rose a penalty for breach of contract. See if we have enough money." Richard knew clearly that someone was undermining the HD Group. But just when he suspected that the Newell Group was involved, Amy helped him. What did she mean? She wanted to show that she was not the one undermining the HD Group?
	Richard was thinking when someone else came to report that Wilson Group's raw materials were out of stock and they could not supply to the HD Group. But the raw materials of the goods Ms. Rose wanted were produced by Wilson Group. If the raw materials were not enough, then the HD Group would not be able to deliver the goods to Ms. Rose within the time limit.
	Could it be that Amy had got in touch with Matt? Were they going to hit him first, then pretend to help him and make him have rejoiced too soon?
	Richard, who had been through many things in business, was confused. What was going on?
	Halbert had almost recovered. So, he was discharged from the hospital to go home to recuperate. This incident was a great blow to him. He was in the business for many years, but had not encountered such a situation.
	When Halbert returned home, William knelt down and confessed his mistake. He said that he had gotten carried away before and now he knew he was wrong. But he didn't have the money to make up. So, he wanted Halbert to give him some money.
	"Sell your villa and see how much it can make up. I have little money and it is certainly not enough. You have to go ask for Richard's help." Halbert had looked old over this period of time and did not care about a lot of things anymore.
	"Dad, I can't sell my villa. Where would I live if I sold it? Richard also has his own villa. Why can't I have one? Dad, you are too partial, aren't you?" not only did William not realize what he had done wrong, he even compared himself with Richard.
	"He brought villa with his money, not embezzled public money. If you are capable, then don't let our company suffer a loss. Shut up! You and Jacob had run the HD Group first back then. After you guys made the company suffer a loss, I left the company to Richard. Don't think Richard can buy a villa because he gets much money in the HD Group." Halbert was no longer defending his sons now.
	"Dad, are you trying to drive me to death? Those shareholders are pushing me. Richard is also pushing me. Will you guys feel better if I die?" William couldn't lose face. So, he bought the villa. If he had to sell it now, then his friends would definitely laugh at him.
	"Maybe we'll still have a hard time even if you die." Halbert had a headache again. He had recovered in the hospital. But after he came back and saw his indisputable son, he had a headache again.
	Seeing that his father did not help him, William knew there was no way and he had to sell the villa, or he would go to jail.
	It was one hundred million. How could he make up for the misappropriated money? Even if he sold the villa, it was not enough.
	He had squandered all that money. How could he have money to make up for it? William sat in the living room, sighing. His hair was almost pulled out.
	"William, what's wrong? You look upset!" Grandma Eva walked over and saw William vexed. She was distressed.
	"Grandma, mom, I'm fine." William did not intend to tell these two people who had no money. It was useless.
	"Really? But I heard that you have embezzled a large amount of the company's public funds. Where did you spend the money? Why did you embezzle the public funds?" Grandma Eva spoke unkindly. She also knew that the man who embezzled the public funds would go to jail.
	"Grandma, I am tremendously upset now. So, please stop asking me anything. I have nothing now. Even if I sell my house, it is not enough to make up. What should I do?" William became even more annoyed as soon as he heard that his grandma couldn't help and was even taunting him.
	"I have little money there. Although it is not much, it can help. Take it." Grandma Eva took out a bank card from her own pocket.
	Although she had always lived in the countryside, the Carter family paid her monthly household expenses. She basically didn't use much money. So, she saved a sum of money.
	"Grandma, how much is the money in this bank card?" William's eyes lit up when he saw Grandma Eva's bank card.
	"A few million. You can take it first." Grandma Eva only had so much money. She had intended to save it and then give it to her grandchildren after she died. But in this case, she could only take it out first to help William through it.
	"Great! Thank you, grandma! I love you! I can finally not go to jail." William took the card and was instantly brightened.
	But after he took the card, he then stared at Addy. Since Grandma Eva had money, Addy must have it too.
	"Don't count on her. Her money is just enough for her retirement. Your mother was very strong back then and left the family without taking anything. I'm distressed with her and want to fight for her to get a position in this family." Grandma Eva was a little upset when she saw that William was looking at Addy.
	"Thank you, Grandma. Then I'll take it and pay the debt." William was so happy.
	William sold his villa, his car, and everything. When everyone thought he would use the money to make up the embezzled public funds, he disappeared from R City with his mistress and son.
	When she heard that William disappeared with the money and didn't make up the funds, Grandma Eva was also angry and sick.
	Jacob basically did not come back. He bought a small apartment outside to live and did not want to go home. Now, William was also gone.
	In this big house, there were only Grandma Eva and Addy. They both felt sad.
	"Grandma, you deserve it. You know what a man William is. But you still give him your pension. Now, he took the money and ran away. We can't even find him. What did I become? I become an outcast. I hate you all. I hate the Carter family. You have to pay me compensation!" Sophia was raising a rumpus in the house.
Chapter 265 Misunderstanding Between Halbert and Cathy
	"Mom, why don't we go back to the country? People here don't like us." Addy asked Grandma Eva tentatively.
	"No. We can live well here and monitor them not to make mistakes. We are provided well here. There are so many servants serving us. You just can't enjoy it. You are really an honest person." Grandma Eva thought Addy was good. Although she was not very beautiful, she was not ugly. That Cathy was like a goblin. Grandma Eva really did not know why her son liked such a woman.
	"Mom, I listen to you. I will do whatever you want me to do, and I will be wherever you want me to be. I will serve you. The longer you live the better it will be for me. If you passed away, I really don't know what I should do." Addy was telling the truth, but also urging Grandma Eva.
	Grandma Eva had promised her before that she would be the mistress of the Carter family again. But it had been so long and Grandma Eva did not take any actions at all.
	"Don't worry. I will definitely arrange it for you before I die. I am strong now and won't die. Don't worry." Grandma Eva was also hopeless. It was not easy to live in the rich family.
	Halbert really loved Cathy. Addy even had used tricks to have a child as his ex-wife. If she did not help Addy, Addy might even not be able to sleep with Halbert forever.
	Addy was just too honest. Grandma Eva thought that even if Addy was used, she would not realize it and would still think she was the smartest woman.
	"Well, let's just do it like before. Now that Cathy is not home, you can sleep with Halbert again. I'd like to see how Halbert will handle this matter."
	Grandma Eva really had no good ideas. So, she remembered the tricks she used more than 30 years ago. She felt that she should read more books, so that she could have more ways at this time.
	Then, Grandma Eva and Addy went to find a way, while Halbert was still kept in the dark and thinking about how to explain to Cathy.
	"Halbert! You bastard!" Cathy pushed open the door and saw Halbert lying on the bed with a woman. She saw it was Addy. Halbert hugged her and they looked sweet.
	Hearing Cathy's scream, Halbert woke up. He looked at Cathy at the door, and Addy beside him. He didn't know what happened.
	"What's going on? Cathy, Cathy, listen to me." Halbert got up and went after Cathy.
	"Halbert, you just leave me here?" Addy grabbed Halbert and hugged Halbert's strong body, as if she were back in the past.
	"Let go, Addy. Let go!" Halbert put on a gloomy face. He knew without thinking that his mother did it again. He regretted that he had brought his mother to his home and made it a mess.
	"What's going on?" Grandma Eva came slowly at this time. She also did not expect Cathy to come back today so early. But it was nice. Cathy and Halbert's marriage would certainly not last long.
	"Mom, look what you've done! I have divorced Addy. My wife is Cathy. Even if you don't want to save our marriage, why are you playing tricks to destroy it in secret? I am disappointed in you." Halbert was angry with his mother for the first time.
	"What do you mean, Halbert? You slept with Addy. It has nothing to do with me. It must because that you still like Addy. In the past, Cathy was there and you hid your mind in the bottom of your heart. Now, you just can't suppress your desire." Grandma Eva didn't admit that she had done anything.
	"Mom, this is the third time you've used this trick. Can't you change it? Do you think who I am? A brainless man? If you are always like this, I will not stay in this house any longer. You can do what you like!" Halbert was so angry that he almost spat blood, and had a headache.
	"Get out, all of you." Halbert told both Addy and Grandma Eva to go out. He was going to change his clothes to explain to Cathy. But when he was half dressed, Halbert took them off again. Whatever he said now, Cathy would not listen to him. What should he do?
	Thinking about it, Cathy made a phone call to Amy.
	"Amy! You don't know how angry I was when I saw Halbert sleeping with that woman. I think he is cheating on me!" Cathy didn't need to disguise in front of Amy. She cried sadly. She was deeply in love with Halbert, but Halbert did such a thing. It really hurt her.
	"Mom, don't be sad. I think there must be something wrong. Dad is not that kind of person. I don't think he is that kind of person." Amy's intuition told her that Halbert was not that kind of person.
	"I also thought about this. But they were once a couple. Besides, I am not at home. They were likely to be attracted to each other. What's more, the old woman keeps trying to set them up. I think it is likely that they will be reconciled. But what should I do? What can I do? I am not willing to!" Cathy cried so sadly.
	Amy did not know how to persuade Cathy. What Cathy said seemed to be reasonable. Halbert had called Amy and asked her to invite Cathy out. He also let Amy comfort Cathy, and said that he had something to deal with and could not go out.
	"Mom, calm down first. Let's analyze it. I am sure Dad loves you." Amy said. When she first saw Cathy, Amy felt that Cathy was a woman loved by her husband. Her expression couldn't be faked. Besides, if Halbert didn't love Cathy, Cathy wouldn't be crying so sadly at this time.
	"I know... I know he loves me. But..." Cathy also did not know why she was so sad.
	"You want to talk about what happened this morning? I think you don't trust dad because you have prejudice against him." Amy continued with her analysis.
	Cathy stopped crying. She indeed had prejudice against Halbert. Halbert did not tell her about what William had done. So, she felt that Halbert had something to hide from her.
	And then, she saw Halbert and Addy lying on the bed together this time, and was angrier. So, she felt especially sad.
	"Yes. He did not tell me about what William had done. So, I feel that he does not like me anymore. He always tells me everything and will not hide anything from me. Amy, what should I do? I am so upset." Cathy thought of this and felt aggrieved.
Chapter 266 Grandma Eva Falls Down
	Amy was comforting Cathy. Cathy had always been favored in her family. After marrying to Halbert, she was also spoiled by Halbert. But now, she suddenly encountered such a thing. Even if she was smart, she did not know what to do.
	"Mom, trust dad. You just come back and will know the truth. I heard that Addy has used some tricks to get pregnant and give birth to two sons." Amy reminded Cathy.
	Cathy was too eager at that time. Hearing Amy's reminder, she just remembered it. The Carters all knew this matter.
	"You are right. How could I have forgotten about it? Thank you, Amy. I was so angry with them. How could I not trust Halbert? He's just gotten better. I..." Cathy had not gone to see Halbert when he was in the hospital because she had quarreled with him.
	This time, she went back to see him. But she didn't expect to see such a thing. So, she got angry.
	After being enlightened by Amy, Cathy felt much better and thanked Amy.
	"Mom, it's been so many days. Why does Cathy not take any actions? Why doesn't she fight with Halbert? Now, it's quiet." Addy had been waiting for a long time. But Grandma Eva hadn't kept her promise to her. Her patience finally snapped and she felt that she really wasted all her efforts to serve this old woman for so many years.
	"I am also puzzled about this. With her character, she should have fought with Halbert. But she has not taken any action. Did she know our tactics?" Grandma Eva thought that Cathy might have known what they had done. After all, they had used the same tactics three times.
	"Mom, you ask me to put up with it. I've put up with it for so many years. How long do I have to put up with it? I'm old and over 50 years old, and getting ugly. How can Halbert come back to me?" Addy felt desperate.
	"Don't worry, Addy. I will find a way recently. I will definitely solve it." Grandma Eva was also anxious. She was more and more ignorant of the people in this family. She could not control what they were thinking in their hearts. In her absence these years, they were in love with each other as a family, which made Grandma Eva unable to do what she wanted.
	Addy was disappointed with Grandma Eva. It had been more than 30 years. Grandma Eva did not allow her to remarry and let her serve her. She had been here for so many years, but Halbert did not even look at her.
	Her sons also let her down and were controlled by Richard. Thinking of this, Addy got angrier.
	The Carters were targeting her and her sons. It was all because of Cathy. If it weren't for Cathy, even if Halbert wouldn't have touched her, she would have seen him every day. But now, it was even an extravagant hope for her to look at him.
	"Mom, I don't want to wait any longer. You have been lying to me all these years and let me wait for Halbert. But look at Halbert. He didn't even look at me. That day, he just smelled it in bed and knew I was not Cathy. Even though he was drunk and drugged, he didn't touch me." Addy hated Grandma Eva more and more.
	"No, he will come back to you. Addy, you are a good woman. I'll come to him right away!" As soon as Grandma Eva heard that Addy was already angry with her, she panicked. Who else but Addy would be so nice to her?
	With that, Grandma Eva went upstairs to find Halbert. She wanted to ask him to be responsible for Addy. She had to make Halbert change his mind and accept Addy again.
	Grandma Eva walked fast. But Addy felt that she had lost all her face and tried to stop Grandma Eva. While Grandma Eva was walking, Addy grabbed her clothes. However, after their dispute, Addy hated her. So, she pushed her down the stairs.
	Grandma Eva fell down the stairs. Addy was scared. She looked at her hands and at the unmoving Grandma Eva, thinking that if Grandma Eva died, she would be in trouble. So, she froze.
	The doorbell rang and someone came in. Addy hurried upstairs and hid.
	Cathy entered the living room. She intended to come to Halbert to figure out what happened. Halbert was not in a good mood recently. Then, she misunderstood him. He must be very depressed now. Thinking of what happened to Halbert recently, Cathy softened. They had been together decades, and would live together longer.
	Cathy was in a hurry. She stepped on something and tripped.
	Cathy got up and saw that the person who tripped over her was Grandma Eva. Grandma Eva's eyes were tightly closed and her breathing was very weak.
	"Is anyone here? Help!" Cathy shouted.
	Some people quickly rushed in from outside and looked at Cathy and Grandma Eva on the floor, not knowing what had happened.
	"What happened to mom? Get her to the hospital!" Cathy then ordered the people in the house.
	"Yes." The man hurriedly got the housekeeper and prepared for a car to take Grandma Eva to the hospital.
	Cathy called out to Grandma Eva several times, but she didn't respond.
	The car was ready soon. The housekeeper took Grandma Eva to the car. Cathy didn't come to Halbert and went to the hospital with them.
	Someone informed Halbert. Halbert went to the hospital in his pajamas. He had not completely recovered. But his mother fell down and he was also worried. He had the housekeeper prepare a car and then also went to the hospital. Only after those people left did Addy came out of her hiding place. She hurriedly went back to her room and pretended to be asleep.
	"The patient is old. She fainted this time because she fell down. I am not sure when she can wake up. You guys should be prepared." The doctor said to Halbert and Cathy.
	"Do you know how my mom fell down, doctor?" Halbert asked the doctor. Grandma Eva was always in a good health and walked on crutches. How could she fall down?
	"No. But I just found that she knocked her head when she fell down. So she has congestion in her brain and may not wake up for a while. When she can wake up depends on her fate." The doctor shrugged his shoulders. It was normal that such an old woman fell down. The doctors could receive many such cases every day. They were used to it.
Chapter 267 Find out the Inspector
	"Mom, what's wrong? I just went to sleep, and you fell?" Addy cried as she ran to the hospital. She groped on Grandma Eva as if she were caressing her.
	"Halbert, it's my fault. I shouldn't have gone to sleep. I didn't expect that Mom would go around when I was asleep." Addy was jealous as she saw Halbert and Cathy being together.
	"It's not your fault. Mom might have not slept well. Let's wait for the results and see if there is anything else wrong with her." Halbert comfort Addy as he saw her crying so sadly.
	What happened a few days ago made Halbert hate Grandma Eva very much. He had told her that he would not like Addy, but she still kept pushing his buttons.
	Halbert felt that Addy was also very poor. She was forced to marry him by Grandma Eva, but she couldn't get his love and be alone. Halbert wanted to compensate her with money, but she forsook everything when they divorced and didn't give him a hard time.
	"But I feel so guilty. You asked me to take care of Mom, but I couldn't." Addy sobbed. She now felt at ease. As long as Mom didn't wake up, she would be safe.
	"It's not your fault," said Halbert as he held Cathy's hand, which made Addy feel so uncomfortable.
	"Dad, how's Grandma?" Richard quickly put down his work and rushed here as he heard the news of Grandma's fall. Although Grandma Eva was not welcome in the family, she was an elder and he had to take care of her.
	"She's safe now, but she may not wake up for a while. She is too old to recover from her injuries," Halbert said to Richard.
	Richard looked at his grandmother. She was lying on the bed with her eyes closed. Her face was pale and wrinkled.
	"What's the matter?" Richard looked at Addy.
	"It has nothing to do with Ms. Cliff. She was taking a nap and grandma was walking outside and fell," Halbert said.
	Halbert had been holding Cathy's hand all the time. He wanted to explain his business to her, but he didn't have a chance. When they were back to the car, Halbert wanted to explain to her.
	"No. It's all my fault. I should have believed you." Cathy covered Halbert's mouth.
	Richard was envious to see their parents loved each other so much. When could he be able to be with the one he loved?
	However, what happened recently annoyed him. All the evidences were unfavorable to Amy, but she seemed not to be aware of it. It made him feel strange, as if he could got the news, Amy should also know it.
	Anyway, Richard had to ask Amy about it.
	"Allison, what should we do? Amy is trying to save the HD Group. Our efforts may lead to no end." Sophia found Allison and told her everything she knew.
	"Lead to no end? It won't be. That's fine. It will make Richard feel at loss, and he'll definitely ask Amy what's going on. But it doesn't matter, he wouldn't know anything. Let's continue our plans. Don't be too nervous, I have everything under control." Allison hated Sophia for being so timid.
	"Oh, fine. I'm so worried that they can see through our plan and we'll fail." Once Sophia heard that Allison had a detailed plan, she was relieved.
	"Just do what I told you. Don't miss that William guy. When you get the things done, what kind of man you can't get? A heartless man like man doesn't deserve your love." Allison gave Sophia a blank look. Sophia was such a stupid woman and she wanted to frame Amy. Without Allison, this woman would have been kicked out of the Carter family.
	"I didn't miss him. I just couldn't lose face to let my friends know that my husband has a mistress." Sophia didn't like William at all, and she didn't mind if he had a mistress. What Sophia cared about most was her identity as the Ms. Sophia of the Carter family.
	Sophia and Allison discussed some details before they set apart.
	When Richard wanted to find Amy, he got good news that the inspector had been found. They'd been in hiding and it took his men great efforts to get them.
	The two men were on their knees, trembling. When Richard entered, they both got nervous.
	"Tell me who made you do it." Richard looked cold as he saw them, who had been beaten up.
	"No, no one let us do it. We were careless in the inspection, so that batch of products are not qualified," said the fatter inspector.
	"Careless? Well, you don't seem like having a good beat." Richard turned to the men in black.
	The men in black clothes then went up to give them a hard beat, and their teeth had been knocked out.
	"Tell the truth. I want to hear the truth." Richard slowly got up from his seat and walked over to the two inspectors. He looked at their swollen faces and was satisfied with the men in black.
	"No one asked us to do this. We were careless. We were careless," They still refused to tell the truth.
	Richard was about to give them another beat when the other man gave in.
	"I'll tell! Please stop." said one of them.
	"Don't. Miss Newell has been so mice to us that we can't betray her." The one who insisted on not telling the truth, sold Amy out.
	"Here's the thing, Mr. Carter. We're brothers and our family is very poor. Our mother needed money to cure her illness, but we didn't have money. At that time, a good person gave us a lot of money and our money got cured. To thank that person, we did something horrible to you." They made up a story.
	"Who was that person?" Richard had heard Miss Newell, but he had to make sure of it.
	"Miss Newell from the Newell Group. She knew our family was in trouble and offered us a million to save our mother."
Chapter 268 Confrontation
	Halbert frowned as he listened to what the two people said. He did not believe something they said, but what they said seemed so true.
	"When did you know Miss Newell? And when was your mother ill?" Richard asked.
	"We have known Miss Newell for a long time. Be then she was the vice president of the HD Group. However, after she came back, she seems that she doesn't know us. Our mother was ill three months ago. And we don't know why Miss Newell would know our mother's illness and she gave us money. Then she asked us to do her a favor." When one of them finished, he looked at Richard regretfully.
	"We do not know what trouble will bring to the HD Group. We didn't check a batch of products, thinking that the HD Group goods were generally qualified, so... Mr. Carter, could you please spare us? It's our fault. It's our fault." They knelt on the ground and cried, but Richard's fists tightened.
	"Take them down." Richard was tired. He needed to think about what was going on.
	"Are all the workers who made that shipment still here?" Richard asked his men.
	"Some of those workers quit, some of them are still there. Shall I take some workers here?" asked the man.
	"Well, get some here. I want to see what happened." Richard waved his hand and let his men out.
	Rubbing his sore temple, Richard was thinking hard, but he couldn't understand Amy's intention. Was she trying to destroy the Carter Group? But why? Did she have that much of a grudge against the HD Group? But he didn't do anything wrong to her.
	"Mr. Carter, Mr. Carter! The old Mr. Carter fainted with anger and was sent to the hospital." Richard was having a meeting when his staff rushed in. It seemed that Halbert's condition was in danger.
	"The meeting is over." Richard closed his papers, gave them to his secretary, and walked quickly out.
	After Halbert learned that Amy was responsible for all what happened to the HD Group, he couldn't accept it, plus there was something wrong with his head, so he fainted again.
	Cathy was so scared that she cried all the way down the road, "What's wrong with the family? Why would it become this bad?"
	"The patient can't stand any provocation. I have told you when he was discharged from the hospital last time. His life could be in danger at any moment." The doctors just finished the operation with Halbert.
	"Yes, yes, it's all our fault. We shouldn't have made him angry." Cath didn't know what was going on. She said Halbert fainted when he got an email and checked it.
	"He had not been out of danger. You can't say anything provocative to the patient." The doctor warned with a straight face.
	"Well, all right, we'll keep that in mind." Richard held his mother.
	Halbert was lying on a hospital bed, looking pale with tubes intubated all over his body, and was surrounded by two nurses.
	"I want to go in and see your father," Cathy said to Richard.
	Halbert was now in ICU. They were only allowed to go in and see him once a day.
	"Mom, don't go in there. Tell me what happened. Why dad fainted again?" Richard helped Cathy sit down.
	Richard was afraid that Cathy could not help crying when she went in and saw Halbert. His mother was always taken good care of by his father, so she was not strong enough to bear any difficulties.
	"Your dad was at home chatting with me. Then he got a phone call, and went to the study. And after a while, I heard your dad fall." Cathy didn't have time to see anything and immediately called an ambulance.
	"Mom, wait here. I'll go back and check." Richard felt that things were going completely out of control. He always felt that there was a dark hand behind these things, but he still didn't want to believe that it was Amy who did it as there was no reason for her doing so.
	When Richard got home, he turned on the computer, but there was nothing on it. What did his father see that made him angry? There seemed to be no one visiting him.
	Richard checked Halbert's computer and other things in the room, but there was nothing else he could find. Even the phone number in his phone was temporally used and it was invalid when it was used. So what made Halbert so angry?
	Everything was done very stealthily. Richard sat in his father's chair, with his head in a fog.
	Richard had to accompany his father when he couldn't find any clue. Well, there were two people in the Carter family injured now. He didn't know who would be the next one to be in the hospital. Carter had such a bad hunch.
	Richard looked at the woman sitting across from him. She had been so in love with him, but now she was so strange, so much so that he didn't know what to say.
	"What's the matter?" Amy asked Richard coldly.
	"Yes." Richard withdrew his eyes. He couldn't control his emotions as soon as he saw Amy.
	"What is it?" Even though Amy looked cold, she felt a thrill in her heart when she caught Richard's eye. She couldn't conceal her love for him.
	"I want to ask if you have sent money to the HD Group's inspector." Richard didn't want to beat around the bush.
	Amy gave Richard a look. His eyes were burning as he looked at her. Had he found out?
	"Yes." Amy nodded. She didn't want Richard to know she was doing this. She hated him, but she wanted to help him.
	"Did you see Matt some time ago?" Richard asked again.
	"Yes," Amy nodded. He legs hurt a lot that day, but she still went to see Matt. He had to get back at him herself.
	"That's my purpose for coming to you today. Thank you for coming to see me. But I wonder what I did to you to make you do this to me?" Richard couldn't believe Amy did it. But her confession hurt him.
Chapter 269 The Death of Halbert
	Amy was paused as she heard what Richard said. She thought Richard would be happy to know that. Should he thank her for doing so?
	But what she heard from Richard was totally different.
	Seeing that Amy kept silent, Richard felt his heart was broken. She changed, and she became so terrible. The simple and lovely Amy was gone, and what was left in this woman was calculations.
	"It's fine. I'm not that easy to be beat down. If you want to play games, I'm in." Richard left harsh words when he left.
	Amy was totally dumbfounded. What was wrong with her helping him? Shouldn't she help him? This man was heartless to her at the beginning, but she could not help helping him when he was in the most crisis. But why did he say that to her?
	Halbert did not wake up in the hospital, and Cathy cried every day, which made Richard feel sad.
	Even though he left the harsh words that day, he still didn't bear to do it. He always thought Amy was not the kind of person.
	"Richard, when is your father going to wake up? What did he see?" Cathy looked at her husband and her eyes were swollen from crying.
	"I don't know, Mom. Don't be too upset. He'll soon wake up." Richard swallowed his grief and comforted Cathy.
	"Mom, do you believe Amy would change into a bad person?" Richard asked Cathy suddenly.
	"I don't believe it. Amy is a wonderful girl. She is the kindest, smartest girl I have ever met." Cathy shook her head. A few days ago, Amy was trying to persuade her to dissipate the misunderstanding between her and Halbert. How could a nice girl like her would be bad?
	"Well, mom, things aren't always what they seem, but you'd better be careful." Even his mother didn't think Amy would be bad. But things were not that simple as they seemed to be.
	"What do you mean?" Cathy felt strange. He'd been acting so strangely lately.
	"No matter what happens in the future, Mom, keep trusting Amy." Richard could tell much to Cathy yet. Even though a lot of evidences were putting Amy at a disadvantage, he still believed her.
	"Amy, shouldn't you go and see old Mr. Carter? I heard he was in poor conditions. You're the daughter-in-law of the Carter family, so you should go visit him," Andy urged Amy.
	Amy was about to go to see Halbert, Richard's remark spoiled her plan.
	"Andy, you have no idea what Richard thinks of me. He knew that I bought off his inspectors. And he knew that I went to Matt, but he said I was just trying to get back at him. What a bad man! I haven't started my revenge yet." Amy stirred her coffee hard.
	"That's different. You've got to do what you should do, and don't care what they do," Andy urged Amy to go see Halbert.
	Halbert was the chairman of the HD Group and Amy's father-in-law. Although Amy didn't want to return to the Carter family, she couldn't change the fact that she was his daughter-in-law.
	"Well, I'll go and see him, but you have to go with me. I'm afraid I'll get thrown out." Amy didn't have faith in Richard. Since he could lie to her that year, she didn't know what he would do to her.
	"All right." Andy looked at Amy with a smile. Just like when she was young, Amy liked to stick to him and trusted him. This made Andy wonder whether he should be happy or be depressed. If Amy wouldn't stick to him one day, he would felt uncomfortable.
	Amy followed Andy to the hospital to see Halbert.
	Richard was not in the hospital. He was busy with work every day and could only stay with Halbert when he was free.
	"Amy, there you are. Look at your dad. He's going to wake up." Cathy seemed to see hope as she saw Amy.
	"Mom, you must be tired these days. I was very busy recently and had no time to see dad." Amy held Cathy's hand. Only her mother-in-law trusted her all the time.
	"Come on, let's go and see your father. He might wake up at any minute." Cathy took Amy's hand and they went into the ICU.
	Halbert looked better now. Thanks to the drugs and his own desire to live, he had recovered quickly.
	Cathy and Amy both looked at Halbert and Cathy told Amy about Halbert's illness. She didn't know what made him so angry.
	"Amy, try to call dad. Maybe he'll hear you and wake up earlier?" Cathy asked Amy to talk to Richard.
	Amy sat next to Halbert and held his hand, which was warm.
	"Dad, Dad, it's Amy. I'm here to see you." Amy spoke.
	Halbert didn't wake up, but his heart beat faster.
	"See, I know your dad would be happy to see you here. His heart beats much faster. He will wake up soon." Cathy watched with delight as Halbert's heart beat faster.
	"Dad, wake up soon. We're all here waiting for you. Allen is waiting for you to pick him up from school. He says he hasn't seen Grandpa for a long time and he misses you." Amy thought her words were working, so she talked more.
	Sure enough, Halbert's eyes opened slowly. His face was red and his bloodshot eyes stared her. He raised his hand and pointed at Amy, trying to say something, but couldn't.
	"Dad, Dad, what do you want to say? Take your time." The way Halbert looked at her was scary. It was like he had seen an enemy.
	Cathy was also scared. She didn't know what she was going to do at this time.
	"You! Get out! Halbert glared at her and uttered the last words of his life. Just in time, Richard was in the doorway.
Chapter 270 Revenge or Not
	Richard was standing at the door of the ward, and he happened to see Halbert die. Amy was also shocked. Why did Halbert look like that when he saw her?
	Richard rushed to Halbert and pushed Amy aside. He called the doctor in a hurry. Amy was pushed by Richard and hit on the bedside table.
	Doctors ran into the ward in a hurry and they looked shocked as they saw Halbert. Amy was covering her head, and there was blood running down her face.
	What was going on in here? Halbert's situation suddenly changed.
	Andy tried to check on Halbert, but Richard stopped her. The doctor tried to save Halbert, but it was too late.
	"Sorry, we did our best. I'm sorry." said the doctor.
	"No, no, Halbert, Halbert, you can't die, you can't. Didn't you say you would protect me for the rest of my life? Don't leave me!" Cathy cried hard as the doctor covered Halbert's face. She was overwhelmed by distress and held Halbert's hand to prevent the doctor from covering his face.
	"Mom, please get up." Richard couldn't bear to look at Amy. He had to deal with his father's death.
	Andy helped Amy to her feet. Amy was shocked by what she saw. If she had known that coming to see Halbert would kill him, she would never have come.
	"How did that happen? How did this happen?" Amy shook her head and she didn't know why.
	"Please leave here, Miss Newell. You are not welcome here. Andy, please take Miss Newell away, quickly, I don't want to see her again!" Richard wanted to get rid of Amy. If she didn't leave soon, she couldn't leave when the Carters came.
	"But that has nothing to do with me, Richard, Richard." Amy wanted to say something, but Andy knew what Richard meant and he pulled Amy away.
	"Andy, I didn't kill his father. I didn't." Amy was panicked. She had a bearing on her father's death, and now even on her father-in-law's death. She didn't want Richard to misunderstand her.
	"Let's go. You can talk about it some other time." Seeing that Amy did not want to leave, Andy picked her up and left the hospital despite her objection.
	Soon the Carter family showed up, Jacob, Sophia, and Addy, all coming into the hospital room with darkened faces.
	Everyone was here except William who had escaped and Hilary who was playing outside, and Grandma Eva who was lying in bed.
	"What's the matter? Didn't you say he just fainted? Why did Halbert pass away so suddenly?" Halbert's second younger brother couldn't believe his brother was gone.
	"Yeah, I thought Halbert was fine. Why would that happen?" Both Sophia and Addy questioned Cathy.
	Cathy was crying her eyes out and she couldn't speak. Her husband was dead. Who could be sadder than she was? But these people were questioning, which made her feel more wronged.
	"Doctors said a blood vessel in his brain burst, causing blood to fill the brain, so he passed away," Richard spoke calmly to the group.
	"His blood vessels burst? Did he get provoked again? But father hasn't waken up. How could his blood vessel burst?" Sophia knew that Richard was trying to cover for Amy.
	"When I came out to get some water, I seemed to see Miss Newell. She came out of your dad's ward." Addy stood up and said.
	"What? That woman? What is she trying to do? Does she want to destroy the HD Group? Richard, why did you marry a woman like that?" When Jacob heard that, he suddenly got angry and scolded Amy severely.
	"Should we prosecute her? There are surveillance cameras in the hospital. We can see if she went out of dad's room. If she did, we'll prosecute her.' Everyone approved of Jacob's idea.
	"Mom, did Amy come here? Weren't you here?" Jacob and Sophia were both forcing Cathy to talk.
	"Yes, Amy came." Cathy nodded, but she didn't think there was anything wrong with that. Amy was the daughter-in-law of the Carter family. It was quite normal for her to visit her father-in-law.
	Richard tried to stop Cathy, but it was too late.
	"That's her. I also heard that she is responsible for some of the recent troubles of the HD Group. The woman is very heartless. She's the daughter-in-law of the Carter family. How could she do that? What a vicious woman!" Jacob was like a public speaker, but everything agreed him.
	"Richard, are you still going to let go of her? She put the HD Group in jeopardy and killed our father. If you don't get revenge, we'll," said Jacob. Everyone agreed Jocab. In the past, Halbert would protect them, but now he had passed away, and no one would protect them. So, Jacob had to give Richard a warning by punishing Amy.
	"Be quiet, all of you. We'll avenge. Give Richard some time to think about it. The most important thing now is to deal with Halbert's death." At this time, Addy spoke for Richard.
	"Richard, the Carter family rely on you now. You are the president of the HD Group and the backbone of the Carter family." Others looked at Richard expectantly.
	"Let's take care of my father's death first, and then we'll talk about the rest when the things are done." Richard said wearily. His father's death dealt him a great blow, and his mind went blank now.
	His father's death, his mother's sadness, the family's anger, and Amy's coldness, all made him feel at loss. What should he do?
Chapter 271 A Face-to-face Conversation
	"Amy, take the tea. You have been absent-minded for a couple of hours." Andy stared at Amy who kept looking outside of the window in a trance.
	"Andy, can you tell me why Richard didn't take a blind bit of notice of me? I don't know how his father's death relates to me. I also don't know why he was irritated when seeing me. I've done nothing." She was still concerned about Richard.
	"It's true that you've done nothing, but we don't know about why there's misunderstanding between you." Andy witnessed Richard's rude attitude towards Amy. Didn't Richard love Amy? Why did he treat Amy so rudely? "That's all right. I deserved it. Although he treated me terribly at that time, I didn't give him a rough ride when he was in trouble. However, now he still treats me badly. This really confuses me." Amy took a sip of tea, regaining her composure.
	"Maybe you should make things clear. Shall I call him out and you have a word?" Andy suggested her.
	"No, it's not necessary. There is no misunderstanding at all. I saw all these things with my own eye. I witnessed his attitude. There is no misunderstanding. The only truth is that he is always calculating me. I shouldn't have been softened. Since he is in trouble, I won't add fuel to the fire. I like battling with my rivals when they are in normal condition."
	"Okay, then take some time off. After he passes this difficult period, you can take action." Andy looked at Amy who was apparently anxious. He knew she loved Richard dearly, or else she wouldn't pick another time to take revenge. After dealing with his father's funeral, Richard felt extremely tired, mentally and physically. He wanted to cry somewhere, but he had no chance.
	"Amy, I know you're kind. There must be some secrets, right?" Based on his understanding towards Amy, Richard thought Amy was likely to bear some bad things in her mind so that she did such thing to him. He made up his mind to have a word with Amy.
	It was not easy to ask her out. At first Amy was angry with him, but later she was indeed busy. When the couple found time to meet each other, it was one month later.
	"Mr. Carter, why do you wanna see me?" Amy asked Richard before taking the seat.
	"Have a seat, please. Let's talk it over calmly." Richard said calmly. They had too many things to talk about, so neither of them should be in a hurry, or they were likely to argue with each other.
	"Well, you start first." Amy sat opposite Richard. She liked this teahouse very much. The teahouse was run by Cathy. Amy enjoyed the tea and cookies served here. Smelling the odor from the tea, Amy felt she became relaxed gradually.
	Richard didn't start the conversation immediately. Instead, he made tea and gave it to Amy. Meanwhile, he also gave her some cookies.
	"Have some tea and cookies. They are my mum's new products and have the effect of refreshing the mind." Richard told Amy.
	Amy glanced the cookies. They were indeed new products and it was her first time to see them. There were decorative patterns on the red cookies.
	Amy got one piece and tasted.
	This was the cake of plum blossom which ingredient was fresh petals of the red plum blossoms, making it fresh and long aftertaste. Red plum blossoms don't grow in this season, so she guessed they were reserved in winter.
	The cake was very delicious, so Amy took three pieces continuously. Then she drank the tea made from Japan allspice and the herb, which made her feel refreshed.
	However, this made Richard's hands shiver. The rumor was proved that Amy was no longer afraid of red. Did it mean her memory had returned? Their shared memory was not always that happy, but it was sweet later. Then why did she treat the Carter family so badly?
	"Amy, the tea and cookies were nice, right? I like them very much. When my mum finished baking them yesterday, I ate many as well, especially the red cookies, like my heart." Richard felt painful when he stared at the cookies.
	"Your heart? I don't think it's red. It should be another color. Tell me why you wanna see me. To appreciate the tea and cookies? I don't think so." Amy put down the cup. Although she enjoyed the tea, she didn't want to waste too much time talking with him.
	"Why did you aim at the Carter family? Amy, why did you aim at me?" Richard asked her directly.
	Hearing the questions, Amy understood that Richard thought she was responsible for his misery. Was he stupid? If she wanted to revenge him, he must be more miserable than now.
	"I can do whatever I wanna do. It's none of your business. Don't you know what you have done? You dare ask me! Richard Carter, if your purpose today is to question me, then I have to leave right now. I don't think it's meaningful to continue our conversation." Amy stared at Richard. She was very sad for Richard's distrust and the way he thought of her.
	"Amy, if I did anything disappointing, you could tell me. We should be frank with each other. Why don't you trust me?" Richard was worried as well. He felt Amy's attitude was strange.
	"Don't I trust you? Do you trust me? Richard Carter, don't think you're better than me. We've known each other for quite a long time. Trust is something mutual, not my own business." Amy didn't think she could continue her conversation with Richard. She rose from the chair.
	"It's unnecessary for us to keep the conversation. If there is any misunderstanding, let it be there. I don't need your explanation. Adios." Amy turned around and left.
	Seeing her back, a man in black entered from the outside.
	"Mr. Carter, shall I follow her?" The man in black asked Richard.
	"No. Perhaps there's a big misunderstanding between us. She never likes to explain. We can only survey on our own. There must be something wrong." Richard didn't allow his man to follow Amy. He still loved Amy.
Chapter 272 Weather Through Difficulties
	In the next six months, Richard didn't go home earlier. He worked late every night as he needed to save the HD Group. He nearly dealt with all stuff by himself. Grandma Eva had already returned home, but she was not widely awake. She wasn't able to recognize people. When Grand Eva went back home, Cathy went back to her teahouse. She didn't wanna see Addy. Nor did she wanna see Grandma Eva in this condition as this reminded her of her husband Halbert.
	In the darkness, Richard returned home. Unexpectedly, Addy was waiting for him in the hall.
	"Finally you are back, Richard." Addy hurriedly gave him a cup of tea.
	"Auntie, how's grandma?" Richard received the tea but he didn't drink.
	"She's fine, but nothing better. She isn't able to recognize anyone." Addy sighed after the reply.
	"She tripped and fell. It is lucky enough that she isn't paralyzed. The reason why she can have a recovery lies in the fact that she used to be in a good condition. But you have to work very hard, auntie." Richard knew Grandma Eva was looked after by Addy, but he didn't know they had a deal.
	"It's fine. I am used to it. It's my duty to look after your grandma. She is Jacob and William's grandma as well. But I really wanna say sorry to you as your grandma and I bother you. I have considered it for a long time and I don't think it's proper for us to stay with you. What about taking your grandma to the countryside?" Addy was fat, leaving people a simple impression.
	She stared at Richard closely as if she really wanted his agreement, but in fact she was making a bet that Richard wouldn't agree.
	"You wanna go to the countryside? It's not that wise. Stay here. There is good medical equipment here and there are people serving you. If you go back to the countryside, you must be very tired." As she expected, Richard disagreed.
	"Richard, I know you're nice, but Grandma and I will incommode you. I really feel sorry." Hearing Richard's disapproval of her suggestion, she smiled in heart. She knew Richard wouldn't ask her to leave, but she was afraid she would be driven away.
	"No worries. It's also my duty to take care of grandma. Stay here without worry, auntie. I am too busy to stay with you. I have had money transferred to your account. It's living expense. What you wanna eat, tell the butler." Richard resumed the butler's power.
	When Grandma Eva was here, she seized all the power in her hands. She only gave the cook a little money to buy food. Now Grandma Eva was in poor condition, so Richard gave the power back to the butler.
	"Okay. You're such a nice guy, Richard. It's our luck to have you. You're not like your brother who abandoned us." Now Addy was at ease. What she needed to do now was run deep in the Carter family so that she could continue her scheme.
	She estimated Grandma Eva would never wake up, but it didn't matter as long as she was alive.
	Addy went to her bedroom after hearing Richard's reply. She could have a sound sleep tonight. As long as Richard didn't drive her away, she could stay here without worry.
	After going back to his own bedroom, Richard lay on his bed exhaustedly after taking the bath. The soft bed was comfortable and the night was peaceful, but he failed to fall into sleep.
	He hadn't seen his son for a long time. He missed his son very much, but he was afraid Amy wouldn't allow him to see his son. Recently he was quite busy. However, with the help of Philip, he came through difficulties.
	"Allen, I miss you. I'm your Dad." Richard touched the picture of his son on the phone-screen saver. His son was so little, making him feeling badly stung.
	"Uncle, take this one." Allen's childish sound appeared in his ears.
	Allen's soft body, milky smell and charming voice touched Richard. That was his son.
	But he didn't detect any clue about what happened that year. 'Amy, thank you very much for giving birth to such a lovely kid.'
	Richard was lost in various fancies and conjectures. He didn't fall into sleep until dawn. But soon he was wakened up by a phone call.
	The manager of the production department called him. Seeing his phone number, Richard was a little nervous. The last time the manager made the phone call, Halbert was still alive. But he soon got hospitalized after receiving the call.
	"What's wrong?" Richard turned over and got up. He was ready for everything.
	"Good news. Mr. Carter, all of our products are qualified. The quality control inspectors sent by Ms. Rose checked them up. You don't need to worry now." The manager of the production department didn't have a good rest for a long time as well. He kept waiting for the result. Now he rested his heart as well.
	"Great. I'm coming to the factory. Wait for me." Hearing the news, Richard was glad too. He put on the coats immediately, brushed his teeth and left for the factory.
	Although Ms. Rose didn't ask for the triple liquidated damages, he felt it hard to give any liquidated damages. Part of his capital was taken away by William and he had no time withdrawing the rest of the capital. It was Philip who lent him a large part of capital, so he was grateful.
	After seeing the batch of products packaged, shipped and delivered, Richard felt at east.
	The deal with Ms. Rose was made by Amy. Their collaboration was always good and covered many areas. If it was not for this incident, their collaboration would have been perfect.
	"Mr. Carter, the Wilson Group provided us timely raw materials with good qualities, so our products passed the quality inspection." The manager of production reported to Richard.
	He and Richard inspected all the products in person and they were careful with every detail. Encouraged by the generous rewards, the workers worked hard too. So they successfully produced qualified products.
	"Well done, I grant you 3-day off." Richard gave the manager a 3-day holiday in a good mood.
	"No, one day is enough. My wife might give birth to the baby today. I wanna see her." The manager nearly spent all his days and nights in the factory and he hadn't been home for a long time. His mom called him just now, telling him the news.
Chapter 273 Cathy's Trust
	Richard was touched to see his assistant helping him so much. At the crucial moment, he would really see who really cared about him.
	"Then I will give you two more days off to be with your wife. She is the most important person in your life. Stay by her side until the baby is born." Richard felt guilty because he didn't do anything to help Amy when she gave birth to Allen.
	The manager of the production department looked at Richard. Although he did not understand what he meant, he felt Mr. Carter's expression was very solemn. So, he decided to follow what Mr. Carter said. His wife was hard actually. When he worked overtime, it was she who took care of his parents and handled the family affairs.
	He had taken it for granted that a wife should do this for her husband, but hearing Mr. Carter's words, he felt he was wrong. His wife was also the lovely daughter of his parents-in-law, and lived a good life before marrying him. Why should she suffer so much after marrying him? He felt he was a jerk.
	"Well, Mr. Carter, I will stay with my wife for a few days, and I will take good care of her," The manager of the production department nodded. He used to be addicted to his work, but from now on, he would spend some time with his wife.
	When the goods were delivered, the crisis of the HD Group had been lifted. Richard decided to invite Mr. Philip to have dinner to show his gratitude.
	"Mom?" Amy looked at Cathy who came in. Cathy wasn't looking well. Her husband's death dealt her a great blow.
	"Amy...," Cathy muttered as she walked over to Amy and sat down.
	Looking at Cathy's sullen expression, she thought that Cathy was here to make trouble and she was ready to deal with it.
	Cathy sat down, but she didn't say anything and just rubbed her temples. She had a hard time these days. She didn't want to go back to the Carter's mansion, nor did she want to go to Richard's.
	She had been living in her teahouse, to remember Halbert. She couldn't accept the fact that her husband would pass away so sudden.
	She had something to ask for Amy, but she didn't know how to raise the topic.
	Amy went into her break room and took out scented tea. She made a cup of tea for Cathy.
	"Have tea, Mom." Since Cathy came, Amy stopped her work. The relationship between her mother-in-law and her was good, and she cherished their relationship very much.
	"Thank you." Cathy took the tea, smelled it, and then took a sip. The tea was strong, and she wondered if the relationship between her and Amy was still so strong.
	"Mom, do you come to me for something?" asked Amy directly as she saw that Cathy wanted to say but kept silent.
	"I do, but I'm afraid you won't agree." Cathy looked at Amy with a pathetic look.
	"Mom, you haven't said it. How do you know I won't agree? Just tell me," Amy smiled at Cathy.
	Cathy looked at Amy, whose smile was infectious, as if to encourage her.
	"Amy, I want to take Allen away with me for a few days. I have been in a state of depression and I want to die. I ..." Cathy wanted to talk about her recent troubles and see if Amy would let her take Allen away.
	"Yes, you can take him with you as long as you want. He's your grandson." As soon as Amy heard about this, she agreed.
	"Amy, you just said yes? You agreed?" Cathy thought she would have had to say a lot to convince Amy to let her take Allen away.
	"Yes, Mom. I've been busy these days, otherwise I would have sent Allen to you." Amy was telling true. In the Carter family, the one she was worried about most was Cathy. Richard's distrust of her and Hilary's indifference to her after coming back disappointed Amy.
	But Cathy had always treated her as her own daughter, and even better. Amy cared a lot about Cathy's opinion of herself.
	"But, Mom, haven't you doubted me ever?" Amy asked Cathy.
	"Why should I doubt you? I know you well. That year, you...," When Cathy said this, she suddenly remembered her son's admonition. She couldn't tell Amy anything about the past, so she shut up immediately.
	It was enough. Cathy's trust was most important to her. It was Cathy's husband who died. And if Cathy trusted her that she didn't kill her father-in-law, then Amy would feel relieved.
	"Thank you, Mom," Amy said to Cathy.
	Cathy smiled, though her smile was no better than crying now. No matter what people around her said, Cathy's trust in Amy had never changed.
	"Allen, will you go with grandma today?" said Amy to Allen as she got to the kindergarten to pick him up.
	Allen looked at Cathy and smiled sweetly.
	"Yes!" Allen said softly.
	Cathy's nose was sore all of a sudden. Her husband left, her son was busy, and her daughter didn't accompany her. Fortunately, she had a daughter-in-law and a grandson staying with her.
	"Allen, look what grandma brought you." Cathy handed Allen the cake she had made.
	"Wow, grandma, you are so nice to me." Allen looked up at Cathy and saw that her nose was red and there were tears in her eyes.
	"Grandma, what's the matter?" Allen asked with concern.
	"Nothing, nothing. I got a grain of sand in my eyes as I was waiting for you," Cathy explained hastily.
	"Grandma, squat down." Allen waved his little round hand and asked Cathy to squat down.
	"Grandma, I help you get the sand out." Allen took Cathy's face in his hands and blew into her eyes.
	As soon as Allen did so, Cathy's tears flowed out at once.
	"Oh, how did Grandma cry even harder?" thought Allen and he was a bit at a loss.
	"Nothing, the sand will come out with the tears," Amy explained immediately as she saw that her son was at a loss.
Chapter 274 Encounter Amy in the Rain
	As she got out of the mall, Amy found that it was raining heavily. It rained so heavily that even many umbrellas were broken by the rain and the people had to run in the rain or to find a place to hide.
	Looking at the heavy rain that didn't mean to stop, Amy was very anxious. She still had an urgent document to deal with and her client was still waiting online. She came out to buy pads as she was on her period. But she didn't expect to encounter such heavy rain at this time.
	Amy wanted to call her secretary and ask her to tell the client to wait for her, but she didn't take the cell phone with her.
	Given the heavy rain, Amy intended to run back in the rain. It would only take ten minutes.
	Amy rolled up her pants, took off her shoes and got ready to run out into the rain.
	Before she could get out, she was held back. She turned around and saw Richard, who stopped her with a dark face.
	"What are you doing? Let go of me." Amy struggled, but of course it was of no vain.
	"What are you doing?" When Richard came over there, he wasn't sure it was Amy. But when he saw her rolling up her pants, he knew it was her. Only she would do such a crazy thing.
	"It's none of your business. I have to go back and work." Amy was a woman of her word, and she didn't want to leave her client alone.
	"How can you go back now? It's raining heavily and it's easy to fall on bare feet. Come." Richard crouched down and let Amy get on his back.
	Amy took a look at him. Hadn't he had never trusted her? What did he mean? Was there a conspiracy?
	Amy didn't go up. She was going to run back herself.
	Richard was so angry that he directly carried her up and put her on his shoulder, and he held the umbrella with another hand.
	Richard ran on the wet road with his expensive shoes on.
	"Richard, Richard, put me down." Amy was feeling a pain in her stomach. She always felt painful in her stomach when she was on her period, but she didn't expect it to get worse at this time and she felt something warm flowing out. She suddenly remembered that Richard was wearing a white shirt today.
	Richard didn't pay any attention to her and walked on. He had long legs and it took him a lot faster than Amy to go back to the office building.
	When they got to the door of the Newell Group, Richard wanted to put Amy down, but she refused.
	"Richard, get me back to my office. Now!" If Richard had let her down now, everyone could see his clothes were dirty and they would lose face.
	Richard knew there must be something wrong with Amy. Without asking, he got in the elevator and walked over to her office.
	Both of them were wet. The umbrella was of no use. But luckily, Amy's waist didn't get wet.
	When Amy was put down, both of them were embarrassed. As Amy thought, Richard's shirt was indeed stained with red.
	Amy's pants were red too and she brushed. She asked Richard to take a rest and she went to the break room to change her clothes. Rumbling in her closet for a long time, she finally found a big T-shirt.
	"Put this on, and take your clothes off. I'll wash them for you, and when they're dry, you can wear them." Amy was really embarrassed. She had thought of many ways of their encounter, and she thought it would be quarrels at worst.
	But what happened today really embarrassed her. She even made Richard's clothes dirty.
	"Well, I'll change the clothes, but you can't touch cold water now. I'll wash it myself." Richard took the T-shirt. He was glad that Amy got a black T-shirt for him. If it was too loud, he wouldn't be able to wear it.
	Richard took the T-shirt and walked into Amy's break room. And Amy went to deal with her work.
	By the time Richard came out of the break room after washing his clothes, Amy was already making a deal. It looked like it was going well.
	Richard was wearing a black T-shirt, but he couldn't leave the house. The T-shirt was big for Amy, but for Richard, it was a tight-fitting suit and it outlined his muscles.
	When Amy was busy, Richard read newspaper on the sofa.
	With the help of Richard, Amy could come back from the heavy rain. Amy's client seemed to know that it was raining hard in R City, so he asked about it. Amy described the rain to him, which surprised him.
	They chatted for a while and Amy got the money. The information was ready, and a business of tens of millions was done.
	Amy liked the feeling. Every time she made a good deal, she felt a lot lighter.
	She looked sideways at Richard, who was reading the newspaper. His profile was so perfect that she stared at him blankly.
	"Richard, you're a good competitor, so from now on, let's see who's better," thought Amy. Amy knew that Richard had overcome many difficulties and he managed to get himself out of the crisis in just over six months.
	"Are you looking at me? Do you feel regretful for not having me? I am so handsome. Don't you want to keep me for yourself?" Richard didn't even look up and knew that Amy was looking at him. She quickly lowered her head. Did this man have eyes on his forehead? He would notice her even if she had looked at him secretly.
	"Well, you don't have to be shy. I love the feel when a beautiful woman looks at me, especially a stunningly beautiful woman like you. Amy, I'm really interested in you. You're my wife. Shouldn't you come back to me? We can't keep living apart like this." Richard put down the newspaper and walked over to Amy.
Chapter 275 It Is No Use Getting Angry
	As Richard walked toward Amy, she felt a strong aura surrounding toward her.
	"Stop there, Richard. I'll see if your clothes are dry." Feeling a little flustered, Amy quickly got up from her seat, ran into her break room and slammed the door shut.
	Leaning against the door, Amy felt nervous. What happened? Why was she afraid of Richard? It was he who owed her!
	Although Amy kept telling herself this, she couldn't resist her feelings for Richard. Richard seemed to be poisonous and she was infected. She could not get rid of him, and she always missed him.
	Amy managed to calm herself down. She rubbed her hot face and then checked Richard's clothes. Why didn't he wring his shirt dry? It was so wet!
	Amy went to wring the water out of Richard's shirt and called her secretary to buy a similar shirt right away. It was not proper to let Richard stay here.
	When she dealt with all things, Amy came out. She had calmed down now and the way she looked at Richard became much colder.
	Richard was back in his seat, sitting quietly, like a beautiful sculpture.
	"Did you dry my shirt?" asked Richard as he heard the door open.
	"No, but I have had a new one bought for you, and it will be delivered here soon. Then you may go." Amy was back in her seat. She was green compared to Richard, who was experienced.
	"Well, shall I thank you for buying me a new shirt? But I'll still wear my shirt when it's dry, though you bought me a new one. I won't leave my shirt for you, in case you do something bad with it," said Richard and then continued to read newspaper.
	It would only take him about ten minutes to finish reading the newspaper, but he seemed to be interested in it and kept reading it.
	"Suit yourself." Since Richard misinterpreted her purpose, Amy didn't bother to explain and she went on with her business. Richard could sit as long as he liked.
	Neither of them spoke. The office had been quiet until Mandy, the secretary, arrived.
	"Miss Newell, here's the shirt." Mandy opened the door to the president's office, and looked inside. When she saw Amy in the office, she went in.
	"Give it to him!" Amy asked Mandy to give the shirt to Richard. Only then did Mandy see Richard sitting on the sofa. He was wearing Miss Newell's black T-shirt, and was reading the newspaper carefully.
	"Your shirt, Assistant Richard." Mandy gave Richard the shirt. She hadn't changed her address of him yet.
	"Mandy, it's Mr. Carter. You have to keep that in mind." Amy corrected Mandy, who stuck out her tongue and handed the shirt to Richard.
	"That's fine. It's only an address." Richard didn't mind that. They had been working together for months and he didn't feel Mandy annoyed.
	Mandy felt that the atmosphere was tensed, and she went out in a hurry. It always happened between Mr. Carter and Miss Newell, so she got used to it.
	"Take it, and take your shirt with you. You can take it back to dry." Amy went to pick up the shirt for him.
	"It's worth of thousands. It would be destroyed if you fold it when it's still wet," Richard stopped Amy.
	"Didn't I buy you a new one? It's the same. You won't lose." Amy couldn't bear to stay Richard here any longer. It was about dinner time. Was he going to ask her to treat him to dinner?
	"How could I not lose? That's my favorite shit, and I'm used to it. I didn't ask you to buy me a new one. I'll leave when my shirt is dried." Richard almost drove her crazy. She had bought him the shirt but he kept staying here.
	Since he had to stay here, then she would leave. She checked the time and it was about to be off work.
	"Well, you can stay here. I'm leaving." Amy put her things away and was going to have dinner. She got caught in the rain, and Richard angered her, so she kind of felt headache. As she stood up, she supported the table.
	"Well, I'll leave when my shirt is dry," said Richard. How could the woman be so cold-hearted? He took her back from the heavy rain, but she didn't thank him and wanted to drive him away.
	However, Amy did not leave. When she stepped out of her desk, her legs got limp, and she felt dizzy. Her stomach began to ache. She wanted to squat down and rub her stomach, but as she squatted down, she lost balance and fell to the ground.
	Richard was still angry, but he found that Amy didn't leave. After reading the newspaper for a while, he found that something was wrong. What happened to her?
	Richard put down the newspaper and saw Amy lying on the ground. He quickly got up and walked over to her.
	"Amy, Amy!" Richard picked her up and called her, but she didn't move. Richard got upset and carried her out of the office and headed for the hospital.
	"She has menstrual cramps and suffered from cold, so she fainted. Luckily, you found her early. I will give her an intravenous drip and she'll recover soon," said the doctor.
	"What happens if I'm a bit late?" Richard asked nervously.
	"Then she'll be in pain a little longer!" The doctor prescribed some medicine for Amy and gave her some painkilling drugs.
	Richard was relieved as he heard so. The doctor was quite funny.
Chapter 276 The Death of Grandma Eva
	Staring at Amy in his arms, Richard sank into reverie, thinking how the woman had treated herself over the last few years and why she was in such a bad health condition. Although it was heartbreaking for him to see her in pain, she had to get an intravenous infusion. Seeing the nurse putting a needle into her hand, Richard wished he could suffer this pain for her.
	Amy frowned slightly. The nurse was adept at injecting since she made it on the first try. As the fluid flowed into Amy's body, she gradually became calm. With less pain in her stomach and more importantly, lying in Richard's warm arms made her feel comfortable so she stopped frowning.
	Since she was at ease in his arms, he knew she was not as tough as she looked. She was so cute while sleeping that he was loath to put her in the bed.
	"You must be her husband. Put her in the bed and you will feel easier. It won't work to hold her all the time," said the nurse to Richard.
	Richard had to pick her up, lay her in the bed, removed her shoes and covered her with a quilt.
	Put in the bed suddenly, Amy got a fright and seemed to wake up. Due to the dizziness, however, she fell asleep again.
	At this moment, Richard's phone rang, which was from home. He answered and the other side of the conversation, the housekeeper, said that Grandma Eva didn't look well.
	Worrying about Amy, Richard called Hannah, asking her to take care of Amy. When Hannah arrived, Richard took a glance at Amy who lied still before he left.
	"Mr. Carter, Grandma Eva is not very well. She just could not recognize people before, but now
	she can't eat anything, " said the housekeeper anxiously.
	Addy went to get medication and had not come back yet. When the housekeeper took her food to her room, he discovered that there was something wrong with Grandma Eva.
	"Well, send her to hospital. Her disease has become more serious." Richard had a glance at Grandma Eva. Her eyes were closed and her lips were pressed together. She was too ill to eat anything and answer anyone.
	"All right, I'll take her to the hospital right away," said the housekeeper. Then he assigned this task to the driver and informed Addy of this matter. At that time, Addy was on her way back. The moment she heard the news, she called Allison and reported the news to her. Then, under the instructions of Allison, she went to the hospital.
	"Maybe you can prepare the funeral now. She is dying. Inform her friends and relatives of this news," said the doctor. He examined her body and found that she was doomed to death.
	"All right." Having experienced the death of his father, Richard was now pretty calm.
	He went to the door and called Hilary, Cathy, uncle and Jacob to let them see Grandma Eva the last time.
	After the phone call, Richard heard a woeful cry from the ward. It was Addy.
	"Mom, how can you leave us like this? I have taken care of you for such a long time. Without you, I will live in agony for the rest of my life!" Outwardly, she was lamenting over the death of Grandma Eva. Inside was another story. All she said was intended to arouse Richard's sympathy.
	"Aunt, pull yourself together. I'll take care of you in the future." Richard comforted her because he was grateful for her commitment to Grandma Eva.
	"Richard, I know you are nice to me, but my stay here must make someone unhappy. The best choice for me is to go back and lead a lonely life, " she pretended to weep bitterly as if the Carter family were all unfeeling and ruthless, who let her attend Grandma Eva before and turned the back on her soon after the death of Grandma Eva.
	"You will not live a miserable life like that. I'll buy you a house and give you a numerous allowance to make sure you are looked after," said Richard. He was not a fool this time. He didn't drive her away but he wouldn't let her stay at his house anymore. He could buy her a house and hire servants for her. It was best for her to keep a distance from his family since she was father's ex-wife.
	"Why not let me stay with you and serve you?" What Addy wanted was not just a house, but the property of the Carter family.
	"Aunt, you have lived a hard life for the past years. For the rest of your life, I hope you can be easy and happy. There is nothing you need to worry about. I will prepare anything you need for you," said Richard. He didn't meet her requisition since the well-being of his family was prior to anything. He wouldn't leave his own mother outside due to a person of different blood.
	Richard became smart this time and turned her out of the door. Addy bore a grudge against him but she had no choice. At least, it was better than going back to the countryside. As long as she was in R City, she was with Allison and her son, so they could solve the problems together if anything happened.
	"All right, I intend to serve you to repay you for your kindness. Since you decline this requisition, I have nothing to repay you but gratitude from the bottom of my heart." She was clever and didn't ask for anything more in case her trick was recognized by Richard.
	When Hilary and Jacob arrived, Grandma Eva was on the brink of death.
	"Grandma, I am Jacob. Do you still remember me? " Jacob yelled, bending over the bed.
	Surprisingly, she opened her eyes after Jacob's yelling. She looked at Jacob and other people and then fixed her eyes on Addy.
	Grandma Eva raised her hand and pointed at Addy. Seeing her action, Addy was very nervous and was afraid that Grandma Eva would reveal her secrets and obstruct her way for the wealth.
	Then a trick came to her mind. She hurried towards Grandma Eva, held her tightly and cried, "Mom, don't worry about me. Everything is all right. Richard said he would take good care of me." Due to her fierce shaking, Grandma died immediately.
	Addy pretended to cry more bitterly after her death. Those who didn't know the truth might be moved by her performance.
	Cathy stood watching coldly. She felt nothing but relaxed about the death of Grandma Eva.
	"What is this?" Hilary asked. She came to Grandma Eva not because of any attachment to her but because she was curious about the thing falling from Grandma Eva. She walked towards her and picked it up.
Chapter 277 The Will
	Hilary saw a piece of paper falling from Grandma Eva and she went to pick it up. The paper was old. It was faded as if it had existed for years.
	Opening it, Hilary was shocked. She gave it to Jacob immediately.
	"What is this?" Jacob took it and watched carefully. He was shocked, too. But he remained outwardly composed. Other people were curious about what was on the paper. All stretched out their neck and looked over Jacob's shoulder.
	"Send the lawyer to me. This is Grandma Eva's will. Let the lawyer read it for us." Jacob called the lawyer of HD Group to come over.
	Soon, the lawyer arrived. He looked at the will and began to frown. Although he had some doubts, he just read the will.
	The will was mainly about the distribution of property. Grandma Eva transferred her 3% shares to Jacob and gave all of her property to Addy to thank for her care and help.
	Grandma Eva had 3% of the shares of HD Group, which was not a small amount of money. She gave it all to Jacob and left nothing to William.
	Grandpa had allocated the shares early in the past. Everyone in the family had access to the shares. The only difference lied in the amount. Jacob had the most of the shares, which was 20% because he needed to exercise the power of the executive chairman. Halbert had 10% of the shares, which was distributed by his descendants after his death. Each of the rest people got 3%. Now, Jacob got additional 1%. If it went on like that, he would get more and more shares, which would make the situation awkward.
	The will seemed genuine according to Grandma Eva's handwriting and her handprint. And the will was made three years ago when she had only 3% of the shares. All of this added authenticity to the will.
	"As an uneducated person, Grandma's thought to make will is so fashionable!" Hilary sneered. Her instinct told her that this will was fake but she had no evidence to prove it.
	"I don't know anything about it until today." Addy shook her hand in a haste and faked an honest and simple look, attempting not to let anyone suspect her.
	"We will act in terms of the will. That is the respect for the dead," said Jacob. He didn't care about that money. He motioned to the lawyer to deal with this matter.
	This year, the Carter family descended into chaos. At first, there were a lot of problems in the HD Group. Then two people died during only three months. People in R City kept gossiping whether the Carter family was doomed.
	To fulfill Grandpa John's dying wish, Grandma Eva and he were not in one tomb. He wished he could never stay with her. Therefore, one tomb was in the east while the other in the west and between them lied the tomb of Halbert.
	Looking at the three people, everyone was sad, especially Addy, who clung to the tombstone with a piercing cry as if in the tomb was her own mother.
	"Well, we will obey to the will," said Hilary in a black dress. She had enough of her hypocrisy. She also bore extreme resentment towards Amy because everything went from bad to worse since she came back. It was heard that Amy orchestrated all of these things. Why did she do that to them? Weren't they her family?
	Addy wept a few crocodile tears in order not to let them discard her. To be honest, Hilary was loath to have any interaction with her. Jacob, however, was too soft to identify their trick.
	Back from the graveyard, Hilary wanted to see Amy and asked why she treated the Carter family so cruelly. It was said that Halbert's death was caused by Amy. From the time Hilary came back, she bore a grudge against Amy.
	"Where do you go?" asked Cathy. She didn't drive the car so she wanted her daughter to drive her home.
	"I will go to see Amy," said Hilary with a fierce look.
	Seeing her daughter misunderstand Amy, she became anxious and jumped into her car.
	"Mom, what are you doing?" Hilary was confused why her mother did that in such a hurry.
	"You can't go to see Amy. I think there is someone doing mischief behind. It is impossible for Amy to treat us so ruthlessly." As Cathy said these words, she held her daughter's hands tightly.
	"Mom, can't you just be more sensible? The whole R City knows the murderer is Amy. There is nobody who is more familiar with our family than her. I just want to ask why she hurts us so mercilessly!" Hilary was completely misguided and could not analyze the situation correctly.
	"Hilary, you have been acquainted with Amy for such a long time. You must be clear what kind of person she is. How can you misunderstand her like others," snapped Cathy. She firmly believed in Amy.
	"Mom, nothing remains the same. How do we explain that she has been missing for five years and misfortunes rained heavily on our family as soon as she came back? Why does all the evidence prove her guilty?" Hilary thought her mother was cheated by Amy.
	"Anyway I trust her. You cannot go to bother her. If you insist on regarding her as an enemy, don't call me mom again. " Cathy got off, assuming a sulky air.
	Seeing her mother got angry, she decided not to go today. She knew there were plenty of chances in the future.
	"Fine, I won't do that anymore. Get in the car, please." Hilary opened the door and let her mother come in.
	She sent her mother back to the Carter's mansion and followed her into it. And then she saw Addy was packing.
	"Cathy, Hilary, I'll leave after finishing packing. Richard has bought me a house, which is not far from here. If Hilary wants to eat something, just tell me and I'll come over to make it for you" smiled Addy. Her smile was innocent and her chubby cheeks showed a touch of amiability.
	"OK." Hilary took no notice of her. Cathy, however, could not bear to see her leaving.
	"Take care of yourself. Don't live a frugal life. Richard will give the money to you." said Cathy. This was the first time she had talked to Addy for so long.
Chapter 278 Changes of Home
	Addy moved out. Her house was not near Jacob's but close to the Carter's mansion, which was convenient for her to go back. Richard thought it would be too hard to live alone. Close to the Carter's mansion, she could come back more easily when there were parties.
	The Carter's mansion had totally changed from the previous harmony and bustle to the loneliness now.
	Watching the forlorn living room, Richard lapsed into the silence of reminiscence. In his childhood, he and other kids surrounded Grandpa John, listening to him telling various stories.
	At that time, they were very happy. The living room was a paradise for them. But now, it was full of sorrow.
	"Well, Richard, gone are the days when we are young and innocent. We need to step forward instead of dwelling in the past," said Cathy, tapping him on the shoulder.
	"Mom, you have had a hard time these days" said Richard. Finally, Cathy could be at ease at home after Addy left.
	"Richard, you also have had a tough time. All the matters of the family rely on you. You and Amy..." Cathy wanted to talk about something about Amy with him.
	"Mom, this is my affair. You don't have to worry about it. I'll go to the company. You should go to have a rest." Richard didn't want to talk about anything about Amy with other, which would only make him sad.
	"Alright, I will not talk about her. I will get Allen here in a few days. He is my grandson and you are his father. You should usually communicate with him." Cathy sighed deeply and went back to her room. There were fewer people in the house.
	Without saying anything, Richard just stared after her. Mother had sacrificed a lot for the family these yeas. Too much water had passed under the bridge since he grew up. Father died. Mother got older and older without his care.
	The Carter's mansion returned to peace again. There were only Richard, Hilary and Cathy in the house now. Janice and her children didn't come over to have meals together. They had their own space. Their life stayed the same.
	...
	"Miss Newell, long time no see. Come on! Sit here," said Matt. Looking at Amy in a black suit, he was deeply impressed by her smart look. It was very difficult to invite Amy for a meal. He made it by doing her a favor. And all he did for Amy was completely of his own accord.
	"Hello, Mr. Wilson. Don't be so inhibited," said Amy. It might sound weird that the helper invited the person who needed help to have meals. But for Matt, to help Amy was a great pleasure.
	Amy sat down. She had been invited by Matt for several times but declined all. This time, he did her such a great favor. It would be impolite to decline his invitations again.
	"Miss Newell, all the dishes are your favorite. If you want to eat anything else, just order," said Matt. Amy was sick of his smile but since he was helpful, she had to put up with it.
	"Thank you! It is so generous of you to prepare these delicious food. I should have done that but I have been very busy these days," said Amy politely.
	"My pleasure, Miss Newell. It is a great honor to help you. But why don't you tell Richard that you help HD Group? In this way, he would be grateful for you," said Matt. Unlike Amy, he wished his sacrifice or commitment would be known.
	"Thanks for your help, everything goes well. So, here's to you, Matt." Looking at his disgusting expression, she tried harder to suppress her pent-up anger. That year, he betrayed her and had an affair with Gina. How could he erase all of the bad conducts from his mind?
	"I'm quite flattered. It is my pleasure to help you. Here's to you, Miss Newell," said Matt. There were a lot of food in the big table but Amy had no appetite. She couldn't go now since she needed his help.
	After taking a sip of juice, Matt began selecting dishes for Amy chivalrously. He still remembered what she liked to eat. He spared no efforts to court Amy that year. Amy was too young and innocent at that time. Thus, she fell into his trap. The purpose of Matt was to get some benefits from her father's group.
	Amy took a couple of bites. Like before, Matt kept talking to avoid awkward silence.
	Amy didn't talk with him except answering some of his dull questions. Even though she treated him like this, Matt was very happy because he regarded eating with the CEO of the Newell Group as a great honor. Even Landon didn't have the honor.
	"Miss Newell, thank you! I'll do my best to cooperate with you well. You'll see," said Matt. His mother was Landon's concubine so Landon was not very good to him. All the achievements he made were stolen by Andrew, the CEO of the Wilson Group at that time, but Landon always turned a blind eye to it.
	However, five years ago, Andrew offended Richard. Then, his business prospect turned bleak. On the contrary, Matt was able to succeed and did very well in the Wilson Group due to his shrewdness.
	"Well, I believe in your ability. You just need to keep secret the things I entrust to you and I'll continue to cooperate with you," said Amy. Then she ate some vegetables. Eating with the people she didn't fancy was a torture.
	Matt nodded his head. It was Wilson Group's honor to cooperate with the Newell Group, a giant global enterprise. Only he could do it although he had experienced a lot of failure. Now his position in the Wilson Group became more and more stable.
	"Miss Newell, the rumor that the troubles in the HD Group are caused by you is bad for you. What an injustice you have suffered from！Why not justify it?" Matt was now concerned about her.
	"I have nothing to say because I haven't done anything wrong. There is nothing I need to be afraid of. They don't deserve an explanation. Let them think what they want," said Amy, putting down the chopsticks. She disdained to explain. It was no use saying anything to people who didn't trust her.
	Seeing her putting down the chopsticks, he knew she was going to leave. So he moved close to her and whispered in her ear, "Miss Newell, I have something to remind you."
Chapter 279 Investigating Together
	"The meeting is over. You can go to have dinner now. Mr. Carter and Miss Newell, please wait for a moment," said the leader of the municipal part committee. After the investment promotion conference held by the municipal part committee was over, Richard and Amy were asked to stay for a while.
	The leader asked them to sit opposite to him and made a cup of tea for them.
	"The reason why I let you stay is that I have something to discuss with you," said the vice mayor supervising inviting investments politely.
	"Yeah, sure." Although Richard sat beside Amy, he didn't take a single look at her.
	"I have a program and after my consideration, I thought only your groups have the ability to work on this project," said the vice mayor. He handed the materials to Richard and Amy to read.
	Just now, he had shown many programs to other companies in the meeting. But this program was intended for these two companies because only the HD Group and the Newell Group were capable of working on this project.
	After reading the materials, Richard and Amy were very interested in this project.
	The project aimed at building a large resort, where the local people could start rural tourism, which could advance the economy and bring well-being to people there.
	Richard had gone to this place before. It was a beautiful place to develop tourism. Road was available there so they could save a large amount of money, which was better than most scenic spots in the remote villages.
	Amy had heard of this place before but she had never been there. Thus, she knew nothing about this place.
	"What is the characteristic of this place? It is quite far from the city," asked Amy.
	"There is information about this place in the materials. But since you have been abroad before, you may not familiar with the place. We can go there on Friday and you can decide whether you will work on this project," answered the vice mayor.
	"This Friday?" Amy and Richard asked together. They were both free this Friday. The arrangement of the vice mayor was appropriate. If they went there on Friday, they could stay there for one night and then investigate the place on Saturday and Sunday.
	"Are you very busy on Friday?" asked the vice mayor. Seeing they were so surprised, he thought they might be very busy on Friday.
	"I'm free. I just think it is a little hasty because it is Wednesday today," said Amy. She wanted to finish a great project after returning home so as to live up to what Mr. and Mrs. Newell expected of her.
	"It is not very far from here. Although located in the suburb, it is still within R City. It may take two hours to drive there. That is just right. If the place is very distant, people won't travel there and there is no need to invest," said the vice mayor.
	"OK, I will make some arrangements. Let's contact on Friday," said Amy. She was very interested in this project since she always wanted to spend her weekends in a quiet place. If the project was finished, she could go there on weekends.
	Then the three people went to the hall to have dinner.
	"Mom, where do you go? Why don't you take me with you?" asked Allan.
	Hearing that her mother would go out, he wanted to go with her. He knew that Richard would go there too, so he had a strong desire to go there because it had been a long time since he last met Richard.
	"I go there for work so you can't go with me. If we think it is a good place to build a resort after investigation, we can go there on weekends in the future. Is that alright?" said Amy.
	"Fine. Can I go to see Grandma?" said Allan. He had developed a good relationship with Cathy. He missed her.
	"Of course. I'll call her to pick you up from school. You can play with her for several days," said Amy.
	After packing up her luggage, Amy drove to the appointed place.
	Richard and the vice mayor had already arrived. Amy found there was one more person beside them. The village chief also came. He wanted to go home so he went in the vice mayor's car.
	" Here we go. We are expected to have lunch in the village. The village chief has prepared well. As soon as we get there, the lunch is ready," said the vice mayor.
	Then all of them got in the car. The vice mayor went first because he was familiar with the road.
	Richard planned to go after Amy. Then moment Amy was going to leave after turning the car on, there was someone knocking at the window.
	Amy looked out. It was Richard.
	"What's going on?" Amy rolled down the window and asked.
	"There was something wrong with my car. I have to go in your car. " Richard pointed at his car in frustration.
	How came the car went wrong without any reason? At the thought of staying with him in a car, Amy felt depressed. Although he always helped her, such as carrying her to the company when raining and accompanying her to the hospital when she was sick, there was still a huge gulf between them, which made her uncomfortable.
	"If you are reluctant to take me, I'll call the vice mayor to give me a ride," said Richard. Feeling her unwillingness, Richard intended to call the vice mayor.
	"Fine, get in the car. I'll take you there." Amy opened the door and let him in.
	"Let me drive. I'm more familiar with the road," said Richard. After his requisition was met, Richard offered to drive the car.
	"OK." Amy wouldn't want to drive the car because she didn't have a sense of direction, especially in a strange place.
	Amy got off the driver's seat and went to sit in the passenger seat. But after thinking for a while, she moved to the rear because she didn't want to be close to him.
	Richard got into the car, fastened the seat belt and drove fast to catch the vice mayor without catching a glimpse of Amy.
	"Richard, can you pass the water to me?" Amy forgot to take the water with her when she got off. She was a little thirsty now. Richard gave her a black bottle. Amy got it but found that was not hers.
Chapter 280 Inspected Village
	Richard handed Amy a cup. But Amy found it not hers. She said to Richard, "It isn't my cup, Mr. Carter. Mine is a bottle with mineral water."
	"Don't drink much cold water, Amy. I get warm and clean water here. And this cup is new." Richard didn't look back but talked about that warm water.
	Amy looked at the cup without any question. How didn't she think of bringing warm water here? Having thought that the destination wouldn't be far away, she dumped two bottles of mineral water in the car. Surely, it was uncomfortable to drink cold water at this moment.
	Amy lifted the lid of the cup in which the water was still steaming. She poured out and had a drink of water which was warm and sweet.
	It was brown sugar boiled water. Amy felt very comfortable when having it. She drank a few more. She really wanted to show gratitude to Richard. But since Richard didn't say anything to her, she gave up the idea. Both Richard and Amy didn't speak to each other in these two hours.
	A sudden brake woke Amy up from a sleep. She rubbed her eyes and saw a thin blanket left on her body. She was sure that it wasn't her car's belonging. She had no idea when this blanket came to her. It seemed that she had fallen asleep heavily.
	"Here we are. Let's get off the car." Richard parked his car and got off. He opened the car door for Amy.
	Amy was still sleepy. She looked around and found a piece of green. She certainly felt very easy.
	After getting off the car, Amy took a deep breath. The air here was absolutely clean. She breathed in the air from her nose to her lung. Then, she slowly breathed out the carbon dioxide. She felt her mind clearer and her body eased instantly.
	"It isn't bad here, is it, Miss. Newell? Well, that is just the first impression. We will learn more about here later." The deputy mayor said. His chubby face showed a flash of glow.
	"Yeah. It isn't bad." Amy replied without any hesitation. At her first glance, she had loved this place.
	"You must be tired after a long journey. Why not dine with me in my home? My wife has finished cooking the meal. Come to my place, everyone." The village chief greeted warmly to everyone.
	"Where shall we live tonight?" That was Amy's first concern.
	"I have arranged a very tidy place for you, Mr. Carter and Miss Newell. You will be satisfied." The village chief gave an answer quickly on hearing Amy's question. These people in front of him were important guests. If he had a good relationship with them, villagers here must get richer and richer.
	Amy set her mind at rest when hearing a place for them to sleep, especially when she heard it was a clean place. She took her own bag and followed the deputy mayor and the village chief. Richard then followed them closely.
	After five years, Richard saw Amy dressed in black every time. At most, she would change into the grey. It seemed that she wouldn't prefer to try bright-colored ones. However, she was so beautiful that any costume's color suited her. Especially when it comes to her black clothes, a aura of mystery was given out.
	When turning a corner, the group reached village chief's home. His home was very spacious. It was hard to figure out how many rooms there were in his house. But there seemed to be quite numerous rooms.
	Lots of crops were hung in his large yard. There were also some yellow rice, red peppers and white garlic hanging on his eave. The eave was beautifully decorated.
	The place in which they had meals was called "hall", where the ancestors of the village chief's family were served.
	His round wooden tables were already laden with dishes, surrounded by long benches in the shape of bars. Each of the benches could be sat by two people.
	The village chief also invited the respected people in the village to accompany the deputy mayor, Amy and Richard. There were eight people here in all. Each group of two was allocated one bench. When it turned to Richard and Amy, there was only one bench left.
	Both Richard and Amy came here for work, thus sitting down naturally. For Amy, there were a plenty of dishes on the table she hadn't seen before. Therefore, village chief gave introductions about dishes one by one.
	"This is fried meat with fern. This is turtledove soup. This is stewed pork elbow with dandelion. And this is..." Though these dishes didn't seemingly show colors, aromas and tastes, they looked plain and eye-catching. It was tempting to see the green wild vegetables coupled with meat of such self-raised animals as chickens, ducks and fishes.
	Amy took a mouthful of bacon and sensed the fat bacon meat with flowing oil. The meat was really fat and non-greasy, leaving her definitely endless aftertaste.
	Amy had tried every dish on the table. She thought wild vegetables here were really delicious and loved them at the bottom of her heart. She had eaten fine dishes every day in the city. That she occasionally had these farmhouse meals really made her feel refreshing.
	After meals, homegrown fruits were served. Red peaches, green plums, walnuts and peanuts were just picked from trees in his own yard.
	As Amy ate those organic foods, she felt happier and happier. These stuffs were absolutely delicious. When Amy was having peanuts, Richard handed her peeled walnuts. No one could refuse those white nuts.
	Amy wasn't hypocritical. As Richard was willing to peel, she was glad to have them. She couldn't remember how many walnuts she had had. When she finally stood up, she saw piles of walnut shells scattered on the ground under Richard's feet.
	"I've already arranged your place to live in. After this meal, you can go there and put things down. At noon, you can have a rest. We will go up to the hill in the afternoon." The village chief said to three people. Though there were many rooms in the village chief's house, there were many family members of his. A big family was living there. There was only one guest room in his house, which was left for deputy mayor to stay in temporarily.
	Both Richard and Amy were scheduled to stay in secretary's house, which wasn't far away from village chief's. There were two vacant and clean rooms in secretary's house. It was convenient as both toilet and bathroom were near the door.
	The two empty rooms, which were directly facing each other, had been ventilated. The secretary brought them upstairs and asked them to choose rooms.
	"You go first. I am not fussed." Amy said to Richard. Anyway, they were together in one house. It was meaningless to make a choice between rooms.
	"Well then, let's follow the rule of 'men on left side and women on right side'." Richard said coldly. He then walked into the room on the left side. Amy carried her own things entering into the right room.
	The room was very large. There was a big wooden bed with clean bedding in it. And it felt warm and refreshing after being aired.
	One would be sleepy after he got full. Though Amy had slept in a car for a while, a sense of sleepiness still surged up.
	But even though Amy got sleepy, she didn't forget to close the door. After closing the door, she put on her pajamas. Then she covered her quilt and went to sleep.
	There was a lot of stuff in Richard's bag. He brought the mosquito repellent, for Amy was afraid of mosquitoes. He brought a lot of heat preservation things, for Amy couldn't eat cool stuff. It became his habit to take care of her unnoticeably. She actually didn't take care of herself well. Richard had no idea how she had survived in a foreign country for five years.
Chapter 281 Joy in the Mountain
	Amy was jolted awake by a lasting knocking noise. Glimpsing at the time, she found herself sleeping for an hour, so she regarded the noise as an alarm for waking herself up.
	While answering the knock, she opened the door, seeing a little girl standing in front of the door, who was around 18 or 19 years old and looked pure and sweet.
	"Hello! Since you are going to check the topography there, this is a must for you, because it works well for repelling mosquitoes." The girl handed her a mosquito-repellent.
	"Ah, OK! Thanks a lot! I'll go downstairs after changing my clothes." She took the repellent and realized that she missed it from the list. She knew it before and often bought it since it was effective, but she was unaware of anyone here who also used such a brand.
	Amy dressed up herself, wearing a black T-shirt, pants and running shoes. Having sprayed the repellent to herself up and down, she put on a backpack, in which two bottles of mineral water and some snacks were packed up, going downstairs.
	Without Ugly around her, Amy treated herself casually.
	Richard and the vice mayor were already downstairs waiting for her. Richard shouldered a knapsack which was too big to know what was in it.
	The vice mayor also wore a backpack, so did the village chief and that little girl.
	"OK! We can set off since everyone seems ready now." Seeing Amy going down, the vice mayor summoned them to get ready.
	It was said that Belle Mountain boasted various views in different periods of time. The scenery in the afternoon and evening would be appreciated today while the view in the morning tomorrow. Everyone would prepare for going back in the afternoon. It seemed that because of something changed temporarily from the vice mayor, the schedule of the trip was fully arranged.
	Hearing upon his summon, everyone stepped forward with great expectation.
	Situated at the foot of the mountain, Belle Village was surrounded by verdant trees and hid behind an ocean forest. The air here was amazingly fresh, as if one were benefited a lot from breathing it, since the village was considered as a natural oxygen bar.
	While they were roaming around, not only did green plants capture their eyes, but also wild and colorful blooms on the ground, which Amy was pretty fond of. The green grassland was compared to a thick carpet decorated with some tiny flowers, which inspired Amy, when she came back, to customize such a charming carpet which should appear attractive.
	"We can start going hunting a few steps forward. Someone here has prepared bow and arrow. The hares in the mountain grow way too fast to control. Therefore, we look forward to someone who comes here for hunting at least some of them so that our crops would be more productive." said the village chief to them.
	It sounded cruel for Amy to shoot hares dead. Why should such an adorable creature be shot dead?
	"Any other optimal solutions? Is it a must to kill them?" She still could not accept the fact.
	"They are wild rabbits that grow way too fast. Look at the cropland and vegetation at that side! The stalks were gnawed dead so did the crops. We were also confused about how to tackle it better. In fact, hares are not so cute as you watched on TV. On the contrary, they are seen as a disaster here in our village." said the village chief to them.
	Amy should have felt pleasant with hares until she heard what the village chief complained about. In addition, it was grief to witness the damaged croplands.
	While they were talking, some hares were hanging out, which seemed to show off their courage.
	"Village chief, we have prepared 5 bows and you can start shooting hares now." Someone brought them to him.
	"In my opinion, it could become one of an entertainment project. If the resort were invested on, we could circle here, giving tourists access to shooting hares for fun." The vice mayor took the bow, giving such a suggestion to Amy and Richard.
	"Yes, I also agree with it." Richard said to him, showing his great interest.
	However, Amy did not air her own view, because it seemed that she could not temporarily approve hares to be shot dead. She still could not put up with the fact that an alive hare would be killed by herself in the flesh.
	"I don't need them now, thanks." She did not take the bow, but Richard did so. He tried to pull it, feeling it rough but handy.
	"You can start your shooting here. The aimed hares could be used in different ways. You could either stir-fry them or bake them, which is also a sort of entertainment projects. A sense of achievement would arise if you baked the hares you shot dead on your own." suggested by the village chief.
	Since these projects sounded lighthearted, Amy gradually yielded to the ideas.
	A few steps forward were indeed a herd of hares, some of which even dared to flee here and there around people's feet, not afraid of them at all.
	However, they ran so fast that it seemed easy to lose sight of them.
	"OK! Let's start shooting soon!" The village chief and the little girl pulled the bow, aimed at the hares and shot for a while.
	Nevertheless, since hares were such a cunning creature, they were never easy meat to aim at. Over and over again, no one managed to shoot one dead at all.
	"Gee! A hare over there! There it is!" Amy sounded wired when she saw no hares were shot successfully. Meanwhile, a crave for shooting plummeted in her mind.
	"Pass me a bow, please." She said to that man. Then, his hand reached her from behind, bringing it to her.
	With the arrow, she also aimed at an idling hare and let the arrow fly, but she failed, either.
	By contrast, she grew much more interest in shooting, continuously walking behind the hares, because the desire of winning soared up and it would be better to shoot one hare dead.
	In the mountain existed few giant beasts, but many hares and some harmless small creatures. However, sometimes there were only a few snakes in the mountain so that the village chief didn't warm them of it.
	Followed by Richard now and then, Amy chased after the hare. While running, she spotted a white hare sliding into the cavern and decided to go behind.
	Suddenly, the strong wind buffeted against her, while grey clouds were gathering in a blink and a blast of thunder was bellowing over her head. Hearing upon the thunderbolt, she hurried to look for someone help, but ended up with no one around her. Going astray, she trembled at the thunderbolt the most, and she was cast into hopelessness. The weather in the mountain was so unpredictable that it changed easily.
	As she was in a daze, all of a sudden, someone hugged her from behind, moving right towards the cave.
Chapter 282 Be Caught in the Heavy Rain
	When Amy was in a daze, she was held into the cave. As soon as she went in, a lightning bolt struck down. Then came the heavy rain.
	"Why did you follow me?" Amy didn't need to look back and knew who was holding her inside. She recognized the familiar smell and she knew it must be Richard.
	"Miss Newell, please watch your mouth. I didn't follow you. I was just chasing rabbits around here, and I got here by accident." Richard let go of her and walked into the cave. It was dry, but it smelled like a rabbit warren.
	Hearing what Richard said, Amy didn't answer back. She didn't want to argue with him. She would just stay here and take shelter from the rain. Before the rain stopped, nothing would happen between them. They just cooperated with each other.
	Amy found a place to sit down. It was raining heavily outside and the gust of wind blew up the grass in the midair. Should she invest in this place? The weather was too strange?
	"Mr. Carter, I think the weather is a big problem for our investment. Visitors will hold back if they encounter such weather." Amy didn't look back. She just stared at the rain.
	Lately, every time she met Richard, there would be heavy rain.
	"The rain here is not casual. There are no buildings to shelter from the rain. And the rain in the mountains will not last long. I estimate it will stop in half an hour. When the rain stops, you will see totally different scenery. If we're in good luck, we can see the brilliant scenery after the rain." Richard opened his bag. He had got a lot of stuff in his backpack.
	"Though the cave is dry, there are bugs or something like that. Your skin is prone to be stung. Take a seat inside. It's cold at the entrance." Richard laid a soft cushion for Amy.
	Amy looked back at the thick cushion, which looked so warm, and she knew it must be very comfortable to sit there, but she didn't get up immediately.
	"I don't have any evil idea. We're here for the cooperation and I don't want you to get sick. We still have to discuss the project," said Richard with a straight face.
	"Yes, we are just for the cooperation and nothing else. If I get sick, the project will be postponed," thought Amy.
	Amy got up, walked over to the cushion Richard had laid and sat down. It was comfortable.
	"Here is warm water. I know you brought mineral water, but some warm ginger water will keep you warm." Richard gave Amy a thermos.
	Amy took a sip. The sweet brown sugar and the spicy ginger immediately warmed her up.
	She looked up at Richard and felt that he was very careful. He had got all things ready. Did he know that it would be raining today?
	"Finish it, I have more." Richard didn't sleep at noon as he needed to get these things ready. He knew the weather in the mountains would be variable, so he had to get everything ready.
	Amy then finished the brown sugar and ginger water. She now felt much more comfortable. She was really tired after tracing the rabbit.
	Richard then took a blanket out of his backpack and threw it to Amy.
	"Take a rest, and I'll go and see what is in the cave and make a fire, or the cave will get very cold if the rain doesn't stop." Richard put his backpack on the ground and went inside the cave to see what else he could use.
	Amy listened to him and lay down on the cushion with the blanket covering her. No wonder Allison had an obsession with Richard. Richard was really thoughtful. Luckily, she was rational and wouldn't get hooked.
	It was raining harder and didn't mean to stop. Amy wondered where the vice mayor sheltered himself, so she gave him a phone call. But there was no signal in the cave. She could only use her phone to check the time now. It was six o'clock now! How time flies!
	Although she was very full at noon, she was a little hungry at this time. She was happily running after the rabbit and consumed too much energy. Amy rolled over, found a biscuit from her bag and took some bites.
	"Don't eat biscuits. I have hot soup and rice, and some meat. You can have some." Richard came out of a hole with a bundle of firewood and grass.
	"Looks like it has been frequently visited by hunters. I thought it was a rabbit warren, but it is not. With firewood and grass, we can make a fire to warm ourselves." Richard put the firewood in the middle of the cave. Then he took a lighter from his bag and made the fire.
	But Amy was still eating her biscuit, instead of taking Richard's soup and rice. Seeing Amy was still eating biscuit, he walked over and took the biscuit away.
	"Why are you robbing my biscuit? Amy stared at Richard…
	"I will share mine with you, and that will be fair." Richard ate all the biscuits, opened the thermos, poured out the hot soup and gave it to Amy. Then he poured himself a bowl, and took out some meat for Amy.
	"Didn't you say the rain would stop in half an hour? Why hasn't it stopped yet?" Amy pointed to the rain outside and asked Richard.
	Seeing that Amy wasn't eating his food, he ignored her and continued to have soup and meat.
	"Did you hear me? What do you mean, Richard?" Amy asked again as Richard didn't pay attention to her.
	"Just have some food. I don't know what the weather is like. I was just guessing." Richard shrugged.
	Amy thought for a moment. All right. He might not know when the rain would stop. Looking at the steaming soup and smelling the aroma of the soup and meat, Amy became hungrier. The cookies couldn't get her stuffed at all.
	Richard's eyes narrowed as Amy picked up the hot soup. What a stubborn girl!
Chapter 283 Encounter Python in the Cave
	Richard lay beside the fire after he ate and drank to his heart's content. He had been tired for a whole day long, and now he could finally relax.
	Amy lay down on the thick cushion Richard had prepared for her, and looked outside. It was raining. The sky got dark early as it was raining. It was just after seven o'clock, but it was already dark. But he rain seemed to abate.
	"Richard, are we going to spend the night here?" Amy looked at Richard, who was not in a hurry.
	"Of course not, but I can't go now. If you have a way, you can go to the village and get someone to bring me an umbrella," said Richard with his eyes closed. He knew the girl didn't want to be with him, but he had no way out.
	"As a man, you don't even have a way out, but you ask me to bring you an umbrella? What's on your mind?" Amy was angry at hearing him say so, but then she realized that he was just joking. Right, they couldn't leave now, as it was raining. She was asking a stupid question.
	"Well, forget it." Amy realized that she was wrong and unreasonable when she lost temper. Without Richard, she might be hungry now.
	Amy didn't speak now, and Richard felt bored. He loved to hear her talking. With her around, he felt that the world was wonderful.
	"When the rain stops, the village chief will come to us. Rest assured," Richard said to Amy.
	"Well, that's good." A man and a woman stayed alone in a cave in the middle of nowhere. Although she and Richard were married, Amy felt that they were enemies.
	"What do you have to worry about? You are a mother, but I'm still a young man. I won't do anything to you. You can rest assured. Even if I want to do something to you, you can't stop me." Richard got a little angry when Amy kept talking about getting out.
	"Richard! You're so bored. Just go to bed. No one will think you're dumb if you don't talk." Hearing Richard's taunt, Amy secretly took out her phone and looked at herself. She was still pretty. Did she look as haggard as Richard said?
	Richard really stopped talking. Amy was tossing and turning on the mat. She was feeling a little lonely in such a huge cave and she felt something was wrong.
	"Richard, Richard, do you smell something bad?" Amy smelled a foul smell, so bad that she could not sleep well.
	"Yes, don't talk." Richard had already smelled a bad smell coming this way and he was nervous. When Amy spoke, he stopped her in a hurry.
	Richard's tone made Amy feel that she was annoyed, so she was a little mad at Richard.
	The fire was slowly dying. Richard leaned against the wall and did not dare to move. He had already found out what it was, but he did not want to frighten Amy, so he kept her quiet.
	When the fire finally went out, the smell grew stronger and stronger. Richard had the arrow in his hand. It was not a special arrow, but it was strong and sharp.
	"Rich..." The fire went out and Amy smelt a bad smell. She tried to call Richard again, but then she heard a strange noise. The fire had already revealed their location.
	Amy was greeted with the strong smell. Before she could call out Richard's name, she noticed that Richard was fighting with something. Amy took out her cell phone and tried to shine a flashlight on it.
	"Don't turn on your phone," "Richard snapped.
	In the darkness, two green things dangled in the hole. Richard had grown accustomed to the darkness, and he had one more thing in his hand: a Swiss Army knife.
	The python living in the cave had not met human for a long time. Few people in the mountains came here because they knew there were pythons here. But Richard and Amy came to the cave by accident and brought delicious food, which attracted the pythons.
	There was a fire just now. The python had been waiting for the fire to die out. When the fire went out, it attacked them.
	"Richard, is there a python? Let me help you!" Amy found that it was a python Richard was fighting with.
	"Yes, don't come here. Just protect yourself, I can handle it alone." Richard immediately refused her. Even he would feel difficult to deal with the python, let alone Amy. She just needed to protect herself and not incommode him.
	But Amy did not listen to him. She groped on the ground, and felt for an arrow, which was very sharp. She got up and joined Richard.
	"Amy, get out of the way. You're ruining my job." Richard drove Amy away when she joined him.
	"No, I can deal with pythons." Amy was afraid of the python, but at this point, she had no choice but to fight it. If the python hurt Richard, she would not be able to fight it alone. Two people would be stronger.
	So, two people were fighting with a python in the dark.
	"Amy, you hold the head and I'll hold the tail." Amy was really different from other women. She was very agile. Seeing her so brave, Richard was relieved.
	But they had to change the strategy. If they kept fighting with the python without any skills, their strength would soon be gone.
	"Fine." Amy knew that the head of the python looked terrible, but as long she touched its tender spot, it would be held under control. The tail was the most difficult part to deal with, as it could entangle a man to death. Richard had much strength, so he should deal with the tail.
	The python seemed to understand what Richard was saying. It attacked both of them with cunning.
	Amy took the opportunity and made a quick shot at the green eyes of the python. The feeling of the sharp arrow piercing the python's eyes made Amy's hands soft.
	The python was in great pain and began to attack Amy violently, pounding its tail all over the ground, trying to kill her.
	Amy hid it and managed to hide behind its back. Then she gave the python another shot on the head.
	Richard held the python by the tail and stabbed it with an arrow. The blood flowed out and spilled all over them.
	The pain made the python even crazier. It shook its tail violently and pulled Richard off.
	Richard rolled over to Amy's side. He checked her and asked if she had any problems.
	"It's all right. I can handle it. How are you?" Amy was also concerned about Richard.
Chapter 284 The Battle of Human and the Python
	"You're all right, of course I'm all right. Well, it's very angry now, so be careful. I'm going to cut off its tail. That will be safer. Be careful and don't be swallowed." Richard minded her. The python didn't look huge, but it was scary when it opened its mouth. It was more than enough to swallow Amy.
	"Yeah, I know. Come on, it's looking for us!" Amy was in high spirit. Richard wanted to ask more questions, but he had no time. The python came again.
	The two quickly separated, and the python swooped into the air. But it retreated very quickly, opened its mouth and bit Amy.
	Amy did not hide this time. She held the arrow tightly and was ready to fight with it with all her strength.
	Richard thought that Amy was scared, so he shouted to her, but she seemed not to hear him. She just stood there. The python had already pounced on her. There was no time for Richard to catch the python's tail, so he had to pounce on the python.
	When the python reached her head, Amy suddenly squatted down and made a quick move to its belly. Then she plunged her sharp arrow into its belly with great strength, cutting open its belly.
	"Amy!" But Richard, who was in the back, didn't see what happened. He saw the python bite her, and he quickly cut off its tail.
	Its blood spurted from the tail, splashing all over Richard.
	The python struggled a bit and finally collapsed to the ground, placing Amy under it.
	"Amy, Amy, Amy!" Richard panicked and pried open the python's mouth. It hadn't been dead, but allowed Richard to pry its mouth. Then when Richard didn't pay attention, it opened its eye and bit Richard.
	Richard was taken aback. He ducked his head and punched the python in the other eye.
	The eye of the python was blinded by the angry Richard and it fell down this time.
	Richard kicked the python to one side. The python was not very large, but it was as thick as a man's thigh. Richard took out the Swiss Army knife and prepared to cut open the python and save Amy.
	"Help, help me up. It's crushing me." Amy's voice came.
	"Amy, Amy?" Richard was surprised to find on the floor.
	"This beast! I'm tired, I can't move, and it's pressing on top of me. Did you see these things all over me? It's really disgusting." Richard picked Amy up from the ground and held her in his arms despite the python's insides. He was scared to death.
	"Don't you hug me! I am so dirty and I smell so bad. I feel like I am going to throw up." Amy's stomach kept churning. The python was so smelly, especially the stuff in its stomach, which was stinky like shit.
	"Okay, I'll get you something to change into." Richard also smelled the smell. He was afraid Amy would feel disgusted, so he quickly let go of her.
	"Richard, is that a treasure chest? Why does it have everything?" Amy made fun of Richard when she heard that he would bring her clothes.
	"Well, it is." Richard was in no mood to laugh. Thinking that Amy was almost eaten by the python, he was scared to death just now. But now he was so excited that his hands were shaking.
	"Miss Newell! Mr. Carter! Miss Newell! Mr. Carter!" After Amy changed into a clean dress, she heard someone calling them. The rain had stopped now, and the village chief had come to find them with his men.
	"I'll go out to meet them. Wait here." Richard hurried out of the cave and asked the village chief to pick them up.
	"What has happened?" The people were holding the torch in their hands. When they looked inside, their legs went limp. The smell had scared some timid people away.
	"There is a python in this cave. We just killed it. Don't worry. We're safe and sound," said Richard pointing to the python.
	The village chief regretted that he didn't tell them that there were snakes in the cave. But the snakes were not dangerous, except this one. He didn't expect that Richard and Amy would be in the cave.
	"It's my fault that I didn't make it clear. There is no other dangerous thing in this mountain except this guy. It will not come out in the daytime, but it steals people's things during the night, and it often hurts people. I haven't seen it for a long time and I didn't expect it to grow this large. It used to be no bigger than my arm." The village chief then told everyone about the python back then. When everyone knew that there was python in this cave, no one came here anymore.
	Richard and Amy had helped the villagers kill the python by accident.
	"Thank you so much! You have helped our village a lot. We can go out at night without the fear of being hurt by the python." The village chief thanked them on behalf of the whole village.
	"Well, you're welcome. But I want to get back to take a shower and get changed. I can't wear these clothes." Richard only brought one set of clothes here, and he gave it to Amy. His clothes were still at the party secretary's house.
	"Oh, yes. Let's get down the mountain and take a bath. I have let my wife prepare the meals." The village chief hurried to take everyone back.
	Richard and Amy became the heroes of the village. When they went back at night, the whole village was awake and met them at the door.
	"Were you afraid?" After taking a bath, Richard and Amy sat on the roof to look up at the moon.
	Amy was here to dry her hair, and Richard was to have a beer and look at the moon.
	"I'd be afraid if I was alone, but not with you." Amy was drying her hair.
	"Why?" Richard's eyes lit up.
	"Because I don't think I could kill the python alone. But we can if we work together." What Amy said made Richard upset.
Chapter 285 Go back Home
	There was a slight change in Richard and Amy's relationship after their battle with the python, but neither of them noticed it.
	As they got up the next morning, the weather was pretty fine. The blue sky was as pure as a child's eyes.
	She didn't see the sunrise, as she slept late last night and no one bore to wake her up in the early morning. It was already 7:30 when she got up, and the sun was shining bright.
	"Oh, why didn't you wake me up? Didn't we agree to see the sunrise?" Amy was very regretted that she had missed the beautiful scenery. The landscape here was different at any moment. However, if she wanted to invest here, there would be chances.
	"We can see other beautiful places after breakfast. I hope what happened yesterday didn't scare you." The village chief thought Amy must have been frightened.
	"No, it didn't scare me." Amy used to be afraid of snakes, but after an accident, she was no longer afraid of the animal.
	When they finished the breakfast, they set out for a new journey. After yesterday's accident, the village chief asked everyone to stay together. Although there was no danger, they should be careful.
	Up on the hill, Amy was very interested in the mushrooms that grew everywhere and she picked up the beautiful mushrooms as the village chief did. But when she collected a basket of mushrooms, Richard emptied her basket.
	"Oh, Richard, why did you throw out all my mushrooms?" Amy was so angry that she didn't let Richard go.
	Richard also picked a basket of mushrooms, but he held his basket high so Amy couldn't touch it.
	"Because the mushrooms you picked are poisonous. They looked beautiful but they aren't edible." The village chief's little girl had a crush on Richard. She thought he was handsome!
	"They're poisonous?" Amy then remembered that before they ascended the hill, the village chief said many of the brightly colored mushrooms were poisonous. But when she saw such beautiful things, she forgot what the village chief said.
	Luckily, Richard had dumped it all.
	Richard felt she was a bit pitiful as Amy didn't speak. "Look, there are some edible mushrooms. Go pick some. We can add another dish for lunch." said Richard, pointing to a clump of mushrooms.
	Amy immediately cheered herself up and went to the mushrooms.
	It was such a big clump of mushrooms that picked many and half-filled her basket.
	"What kind of mushroom is this? I have to keep it in mind." Amy gave her basket to Richard.
	"It is a very valuable species, called Collybia albuminosa. Every year, this place has to generate a certain amount of mushrooms. Now, this mushroom will be exported." The little girl explained it to Amy.
	"Wow, I'm very lucky, right? I picked the best mushrooms." Amy looked smug as she heard what the girl said. Then she followed everyone down the hill with her basket.
	Today, she had climbed the mountain and took the boat. Everything was very calm. After enjoying the unique beauty here, Amy was really interested in investing here.
	"It's only two and a half hours' drive from the city. There are rich resources in the mountains, such as wild fruits, mushrooms, all kinds of wild vegetables, and fish. There are all kinds of fishes in the pools below, so I think here is a good place to invest." The chief of the village praised his village, in the hope that Richard and Amy could invest here, so that every villager could make money.
	"Well, we'll think about it." Richard and Amy didn't make the decision right away. They needed to learn more about the city's preferential policies.
	At noon, they had a mushroom meal in the village chief's house. The mushrooms were so delicious, but it took great efforts to wash them. Amy wanted to Allen to learn how to make mushroom dishes, so she went to help the village chief's wife wash the mushrooms.
	"Aunt, it's so difficult to clean the mushrooms. Why could you clean them so fast?" Amy wanted to hear about some experience.
	"Miss Newell, we're used to doing the farm work. At this time of year, we'll wash a lot of mushrooms, especially Collybia albuminosa you just picked, and we will use it to make oil. They taste so good with dishes." The village chief's wife was smiling happily. She knew that Amy and Richard would come here to invest.
	In the afternoon when Amy and Richard were about to leave, the village head's wife gave them some special products of her own home, which made Amy very happy.
	On the way back, Amy talked a little more. She chattered to Richard for about half an hour and then slept in the back seat.
	Actually, Richard wanted to stay in that village. How nice it would be to live in such a peaceful place with Amy all his life.
	"Will you come to my house today? You're going to see Allen's anyway." Richard asked Amy.
	Amy woke up. She had not yet remembered where she was now, and looked ahead blankly.
	"What did you say?" Amy didn't hear what Richard was saying to her.
	"I said you might come to my house for dinner. You're picking up Allen anyway. My car broke down and you're taking me home," said Richard again and held back his laughter.
	"All right, then." Amy thought for a second and agreed.
	Richard was delighted and he called Cathy, asking her to prepare the dinner for Amy.
	Back at the Carter's Mansion, Richard drove Amy's car in. Allen and Cathy were waiting at the door. As soon as Allen saw his mother, he stretched out his round arms.
	"Mommy, you are finally back. Mr. Carter, you're back!" Allen reached over to Amy and gave her a kiss, then lunged at Richard.
	Richard picked up his son and held him high, and Allen was laughing merrily.
	"Put him down. It's too scary and dangerous," shouted Amy. Richard lifted Allen so high, what if he missed to catch Allen?
	"Ah!" But at that moment, Richard threw Allen up in the midair, and Amy was so fearful that she screamed.
Chapter 286 Allen Should Have a Father
	Seeing Richard toss Allen high into the air, Amy screamed in fear. Then, Richard caught Allen again and they exchanged a smile and hugged.
	The move just now was a tacit agreement between the two men. But Amy had not seen it. She was frightened.
	"Allen, come here." Amy became upset. Just now, her heart hammered in her throat. But these two heartless men were still laughing. Amy felt ashamed.
	"OK." seeing his mother angry, Allen quickly got down from Richard's arms and went to Amy. He looked down, as if he was admitting his mistake.
	Amy found that when Allen was with her, he was not as lively as when he was with Richard. Could it be that she was too strict with Allen?
	"Guys, go inside, wash your hands, and eat some fruit." Seeing that it was a little awkward, Cathy hurriedly came to ease the situation.
	"Come on, mom. Let's go in." Allen tugged at Amy's coat.
	Amy suddenly felt that she had ruined such a nice atmosphere, and was a little embarrassed.
	"OK, let's go!" Amy resumed her earlier expression. The child might be braver if he was with men.
	After they went in, the fruit and snacks were ready. Allen took Amy to wash her hands and handed the fruit to her.
	"Mom, try this peach. It's especially delicious and sweet." Allen said to Amy. He took a bite of the peach to confirm that it was really sweet before giving it to Amy.
	Amy looked at Allen who pleased her, her nose twisted and she felt sad. Allen grew up with her. She was his dependence. So, Allen was so dependent on her that he lost himself.
	"Allen, is it especially fun to play with Uncle Richard?" Amy asked Allen.
	"No, I think it's better to be with mom." Allen said firmly. He had already noticed that his mother was upset. Even if he wanted to be with Richard, he would only hide it in his heart.
	"It's all my fault. Allen, you're a good boy." Amy felt like crying. But she didn't know why she was crying. Allen was so sensible that it made her sad.
	Amy pulled Allen over and kissed him on the cheek. She tried to say something to Allen, but didn't know what to say.
	"Allen, why don't we go play ball after dinner later?" Richard changed his clothes and came downstairs. Seeing Allen and Amy hugging together, he asked Allen.
	"Yes! Well...no, I want to stay with mom!" Allen's eyes lit up at first, and then dimmed.
	"It's okay. You can go play with Uncle Richard later. Mom will wait for you." Amy decided to let Allen stay more with Richard. Richard was Allen's father. So, it was normal that Allen was like him. She could not be so cruel. Children needed their father's company on their growth.
	"Really? Great, mom!" as Allen heard that he could go play with Richard, he almost jumped up with joy.
	Seeing that Amy agreed Allen to play with Richard, Cathy was also relieved. They had not been involved in Allen's life since his birth to the present age, because they did not know him. Now that they knew, they must treat Allen well.
	"Well, let's have a meal. After the meal, Allen is very busy! It's Saturday today. Amy, why don't you let Allen stay one more day here and go back tomorrow? He won't go to kindergarten until the day after tomorrow anyway." Seeing that Richard spent less time with Allen, Cathy actively fought for him.
	"OK. I'll go home after dinner and pick him up tomorrow afternoon." Amy quickly agreed, which amazed Allen and Richard. Amy's change was too dramatic. She was jealous when she saw her son playing with Richard just now. But now, she became so generous.
	Whatever they thought, Amy really went back after watching Allen and Richard play ball for a while.
	"Amy, good evening. I've been waiting for you for a long time." Seeing Amy go back, Dexter immediately greeted her.
	"Dexter, you're back? Why didn't you call me earlier, so that I can pick you up?" Amy didn't know why she became a member of the Newell family. But every time she saw Dexter, she felt he was a kind man.
	"It is okay. I just took a taxi and came back, and did not have to bother you. Amy, I heard you went to the suburbs. How did you feel? Did you go to relax? Was it fun?" Dexter asked several questions in a row.
	"You're quite well-informed. I did go to the suburbs, not to relax, but to inspect the work. I intend to invest in a large resort. So, I went to see it. It is not bad." Amy put down her luggage and saw Dexter carry the luggage inside for her.
	"Well. Then I'm going to see it some time. Is it a beautiful place? A place that makes my sister happy must be pretty nice." The first thing that came to Dexter's mind when they talked about a resort in the suburbs was sketching.
	"Yes, it's really beautiful. It has a different beauty in different times. You will definitely like that place if you go. Besides, the people there are simple. It's worth going there!" talking about Belle Village, Amy became talkative.
	Dexter was a dedicated painter. As soon as he heard about such a nice place, he asked Amy a lot of questions and decided to go there once.
	"Amy, dad has almost recovered and may be discharged from the hospital recently. Do you want to stay here or should we go back to France?" Dexter suddenly asked Amy. He did not want Amy to go back to France. Amy was alive here, but a workaholic in France.
	"I haven't thought about it. If dad wants to continue his recuperation in France, I can stay here." Amy subconsciously wanted to stay here. She thought that she was going to take revenge. But she was always softened by Richard's attitude.
	"Amy, I do want you to stay here. I think you are vital here. Don't come back to France. Anyway, dad is there and he and mom can handle it." Dexter had lived in France since he was a child, but was not very fond of France. He liked the profound culture here and the many beautiful places, which would help him in his painting.
	"Is that so? Then I'll do as you say and apply to dad. From now on, we will live here." Dexter's words just fit Amy's mind.
Chapter 287 Practice
	"I heard that the vice mayor gave an investment project to you and Richard. How do you feel? Is it okay?" Nothing could be hidden from Andy. Andy looked at Amy who was bright recently.
	"Andy, you are really well-informed. It is okay. It is the cooperation to build a large resort. I went to visit it. It is a nice place and I am very satisfied. You do not know what I have experienced there." Amy smiled and ate the ice cream. She loved ice cream, especially chocolate. That was her favorite.
	"What happened?" Andy stood up as soon as he heard about it, looking at Amy nervously.
	"I saw a python as thick as a thigh!" Amy said this, as if she just saw a cockroach. She was not much scared.
	As Andy heard, his cup fell. The hot tea poured all over the floor. The waiter heard the sound and hurried to clean up.
	"What? You saw a python?" Andy was shocked. A python as thick as a thigh! How did Amy survive?
	"Yeah, in a cave. But we killed it." Amy looked at Andy's nervous look, and laughed.
	"It's okay. Richard and I killed that python. It took a lot of effort. But luckily, we're all okay and the python was killed." Amy ate a big piece of chocolate and slowly enjoyed the taste.
	"You should not go to such places in the future. It is too dangerous. If you have an accident, what should I do?" after Andy heard Amy's words, his legs went weak. A python was described by Amy as an earthworm.
	"It's okay, Andy. When I was in France, I practiced boxing and martial arts every day in addition to work. Now, I can fight a few men alone." Amy showed her biceps. She was only talking about average men. She could not fight Richard. That man was unfathomable.
	"Amy, you mean you can fight a few men now? Then let's have a competition. If you can beat me, I will be relieved, or you have to practice with me every day." Andy had always tried to find an opportunity to persuade Amy to learn martial arts. At least, she should be able to protect herself. As far as he knew, many people wanted Amy.
	"OK. I rarely find anyone to practice with after coming back. I just play sandbags at home. If you're free, I'd really like to have a competition with you." Amy agreed Andy's proposal. She really needed to find someone to practice with.
	"No time like the present. I have nothing to do today. After I have the tea and you finish your ice cream, let's go to the club. I have a private room there." even if Andy listened to Amy's words, he was still unsure and eager to test Amy's level.
	"OK, I don't have anything to do either. Let's go." Amy also wanted to test her level and agreed Andy.
	So they got up, came out together, and went to Royal Recreation Club.
	Amy changed clothes to practice boxing, and Andy did too. They faced out in the room. Amy circled around Andy, looking for a chance to strike.
	When she got an opportunity, Amy stroke at Andy. But Andy was dexterous to avoid it. He did not fight back, and just let Amy practice.
	After a few rounds, Andy felt more and more powerless. Amy attack was very fierce. He couldn't guard casually and had to take some powerful actions. So, Andy also began to avoid sincerely.
	Amy basically mastered the essentials of speed, accuracy and ruthlessness. She punched quickly and withdrew accurately. Although she was not as strong as Andy, she was good among women.
	Half an hour later, Andy and Amy were already sweating.
	"Not bad. I have thought you just have some showy but not practical skills. Unexpectedly, you are powerful. Who is your coach? This person really taught you practical skills." Andy handed a towel to Amy and they took a break.
	"My father found me a coach, who had won a lot of awards. But he does not let me tell others I am his students. Maybe I am the worst one." Amy did not care much about this. Some coaches had quirks. Her coach probably also had a secret.
	"You are certainly not the worst student. Your boxing skills are very good. Although you do not have enough strength, you have learned to roll with the punches. It is quite difficult for me to beat you. So, you should be able to beat other people." Andy was relieved at this time.
	But he could not take it lightly. He had to let Amy practice frequently, so that she could protect herself from being bullied in many times.
	"I also learned sparring. Among the students, I am at the upper middle level." Amy said proudly.
	"Then let's try after the break." Andy was like a father and had too many worries about Amy.
	"OK." Amy drank a few sips of water. After resting well, she began to practice with Andy again.
	After the test, Andy was satisfied with Amy's ability to protect herself. If it was an ordinary man, he could not get close to Amy. So, she was much safer.
	"So tired. Andy, let's rest for a while. I'll treat you to dinner tonight. Thank you for practicing with me for so long." Amy collapsed on the floor. She practiced intensively so long today, as if she was back in France.
	"OK. I can often practice with you, and then you will often treat me to dinner. I take advantage, don't I?" Andy sat on the ground. He was also tired today. He not only had to avoid Amy's attack, but also not to fight back. Besides, he could not get hurt. So, it took him a lot of effort and he was exhausted.
	The two rested for a while and saw that it was almost time for dinner. Amy got up and was about to change clothes to have dinner.
	"Wait! What is wrong with your shoulder?" Andy came to Amy and looked down at Amy's shoulder, when the door was pushed open and Richard appeared in the doorway.
Chapter 288 Hilary's Provocation
	Just as Andy was checking Amy's shoulder, Richard appeared at the door. From his point of view, he just saw Andy kissing Amy with his head down.
	"What are you doing?" Richard was very angry while seeing this scene. He rushed in and pushed Andy away.
	Richard threw a punch towards Andy. Andy reacted quickly and grappled with Richard.
	Amy looked at the crazy Richard. She shouted several times to stop them. But Richard and Andy seemed to be practicing and did not listen to her.
	Amy was so angry that she picked up a plastic stick, beat Richard and Andy, and stopped the fight.
	"What are you doing? The door is open while you are fighting. There are so many people watching." It was at this time that Amy found that there were many people watching at the door, and the magnesium light was flashing.
	She rushed to the door and closed it. It would definitely make headlines.
	"What are you doing?" Richard was still asking this question.
	"It is none of your business. Richard, you barged in here for no reason and beat Andy. Do you think you're reasonable?" Amy looked at the two men sitting on the floor. She put one hand at her waist and held the plastic stick in the other hand, just like a teacher teaching two students who made mistakes.
	Andy and Richard were both injured. The corners of Andy's mouth were broken, and Richard's eyes were bruised. They looked at each other and at Amy, and then looked down.
	Richard also found out that the two people in the room did not do anything. It was the angle of his position that misled him.
	"Well, I have things to do. Goodbye." Richard, who discovered his mistake, intended to leave. He had heard from someone that Mr. Andy brought a beautiful woman here today. It reminded him of Amy. So, he pushed the door in to confirm it.
	"Go away! You two all go away!" Amy lost her temper, which made both men shiver. But she was still cute at this time.
	Richard hurriedly left. Andy also stood up, touched the corners of his mouth, and gulped.
	"It hurts, doesn't it? I'll go get you some medicine." Amy said and was going out.
	Andy pulled her back, "There is medicine here. This is a place for people to practice boxing. There must be medicine for bruises and injuries." Andy pointed to a cabinet in the room.
	Amy found the ointment and applied it to Andy. Then, the corners of Andy's mouth looked less red and swollen.
	"Come on, let's go have dinner."
	"Forget it. I don't look good like this. So, I won't go to dinner." Andy was concerned about his image. Now that he was injured, he certainly did not want to appear in public.
	"OK then, I owe you. I'll send you back, okay?" Amy looked at Andy. In fact, the bruises were not very serious. After applying to the medicine, they were not visible.
	"No need. I drove here. Amy, you go back first. I will go back later." Andy let Amy go back first.
	When Amy came out of Royal Recreation Club, it was not very dark. But the street lights were on. People in the street were coming back their homes.
	There was a trace of heat in the air. Although it was already autumn, people still felt hot outside after coming out of the air-conditioned room.
	Amy walked to her car. Just as she opened the car door, someone stood behind her.
	"Amy, I catch you!" the person behind her spoke rudely and even reached out to pull Amy's arm.
	Amy turned around and saw that it was Hilary, with Allison behind her. They seemed to have waited for her for a long time.
	"What can I help you two?" Amy closed the car door and turned to ask them. She hadn't seen Hilary for a long time and didn't expect her to be with Allison.
	"You hurt my family so badly and killed my dad. Do you think you can escape punishment since Richard does not bother with you now?" Hilary pulled Amy out without hesitation.
	Amy did not struggle. She would like to see what Hilary was going to do to her. Gina, her best friend, had betrayed her, but Hannah had been with her. Hilary was also nice to her and treated her as her friend before. Why would she misunderstand her like this?
	"Hey, Hilary, Richard does not even care about it. Why do you have to care about it? Richard may scold you after you come back. After all, this woman is his beloved." Allison stirred up troubles.
	"Richard? Richard does not bother her now. It is not because he trusts her. But I don't have any scruples. Since she hurt my family, I will settle accounts with her. Amy, you are really a cruel and unscrupulous woman. What did the Carter family do to you? Why did you do this to my family? Tell me!" Hilary pulled Amy and didn't let her go. Allison was triumphant.
	"I don't have anything to say. I have thought you were a smart woman. It turns out that you are just a stupid woman." Amy glanced at Allison. This woman was really pervasive. She must have been involved into the Carter family's affairs.
	"You! Amy, what are you saying? How dare you talk to me like that? We were once good friends. We will break off relations now!" Hilary was speechless and got angry.
	"I don't want to be friends with people like you either. Fine. We're not friends anymore. So, I don't need to put up with you. Let go. I'm going back." Amy looked at Hilary's hand that was pulling her arm.
	"I won't let go. What can you do to me? If you hit me, I'll call the police. Aren't you very smart and even harmed Sophia last time? I will see how you are going to harm me today!" Hilary said and was going to lie down on the ground. But she was pulled up by Amy and pushed directly to another car.
	"Hilary, it is okay if you want to lie down here. There are surveillance cameras here. I love places with surveillance cameras. I can be frank to do anything. Anyway, there are so many eyes watching you." Amy patted Hilary's face.
	"Amy, don't act recklessly. Hilary is the lady of the Carter family. You can't hit her!" Allison seemed to be stopping Amy. But she was egging Amy on to hit Hilary in fact.
Chapter 289 Pretend to Be Bitten by a Dog
	Seeing that Amy just gently patted Hilary's face, Allison began to egg Amy on to hit Hilary, so that they could make a big deal out of it.
	"Yes. Amy, I'm not afraid of you even if you're a member of the Newell family. I haven't been afraid of anyone in my life!" it seemed that Hilary feared nothing and no one. She knew Amy dared not to hit her.
	"OK, you win. You have not been afraid of anyone. Then I am afraid of you, okay? Well... you'd better check your makeup. Your makeup is ruined and you have walked outside with it so long." Amy said to Hilary.
	"What? My makeup is ruined? God! I'll go check," Hilary then hurriedly moved aside and took out the mirror from her bag, checking it carefully.
	"Hey, Hilary, Hilary," Allison didn't expect Hilary to be cheated so easily, and had to follow Hilary.
	Amy laughed, got into her car, and drove off.
	"Hey, hey, how can you leave? My makeup isn't ruined." Hilary shouted behind Amy's car.
	"Hilary, she is lying to you. You are too simple. But there are still chances in the future. She killed your father and your grandmother. You should cut off your friendship with her. Just stop worrying about anything. Anyway, you know well that she is that kind of person." Allison was speechless. Hilary looked smarter than Sophia. But in fact, they were similar and were too easy to be fooled.
	"This Amy is really cunning. I will not let her go next time. Allison, I did not even find you are such a good person before. I am sorry. I will listen to you and expose the true nature of Amy in the future." Hilary took Allison's hand with a look of trust.
	It was good for Allison that Hilary believed in her. Hilary was not stupid and should be able to be smarter after being taught by her. She was unlike Sophia, who was really stupid. But fortunately, Sophia did not ruin her plans.
	"Yes, she has been lying to Richard. Even if that kind of thing has happened, Richard still protects her. I really do not know what Richard is thinking. Luckily, you're sober." Allison saw Hilary looking at her with an adoring look. It was said that Hilary was a worthless girl in the Carter family. She only enjoyed herself with feasting and other kinds of entertainment. Now, it looked like this. But this was good. The more informers she had in the Carter family the better.
	Amy drove away from Hilary. Although she just spoke directly, she still felt hurt after cutting off relations with Hilary. Hilary was a simple girl and must be used by Allison. Besides, Amy felt that she just seemed to be too harsh.
	Why were all the Carters she met today so crazy? Amy looked up at the sky. It was already dark and she hadn't eaten yet. So, she intended to eat outside and didn't bother to ask the maids to make dinner at home.
	Hannah had recommended a private restaurant to Amy, saying that it tasted very good. Amy had nothing to do today and passed by the place. So, she decided to have a try.
	In the night, the signboard of The Proud Chef was glittering, with red lights and yellow fonts.
	There were many cars at this time. It was hard for Amy to find a parking space. However, before Amy could park in the parking space, a car came from behind quickly parked there.
	Amy was angry. She was so unlucky today. She managed to find a parking space, but it was robbed by the bad man. Amy did not want to eat, got out of the car, and blocked the way.
	A man got off the car. He was wearing fancy clothes and a pair of sunglasses at night. Amy could not see his expression.
	"Hey, I saw this parking space first. How can you rob it?" Amy crossed her arms and looked at the man.
	"You saw it first, but you didn't park in it. It belongs to whoever parks in it first." The man looked arrogant. He came close to Amy and sniffed, intoxicated.
	"Hey, you smell so good. What is your perfume? I'll buy it for my girlfriend too." After the man finished his words, a woman came out from the other side. This woman dressed outrageously and sexily. What she was wearing couldn't be called clothes, but a cover-up.
	The woman came over and the scent made Amy sneeze a few times.
	"What's the matter? I'm still here, and you miss me?" The man said and came closer and closer. He even had the fragrance of flowers.
	"Stop! Let's talk friendly. You should give the place out." Amy was not a troublemaker. But today, she was too annoyed and must vent her anger.
	"No! What can you do to Mr. Carr? He is the young master of the Carr family from DL City. How dare you offend him?" The woman disliked Amy, who not only looked good, but also wore black clothes, which made her look more charming.
	"I don't care who you are. You robbed my parking space and must give it back, or you can't leave today." Amy parked her car close to the back of Kingsley's fussy car, so that he couldn't leave.
	"OK, I'd like to stay here with you. There seems to be private rooms here. Why don't we go in and negotiate?" Kingsley liked this thorny rose, who was much funnier than the woman he took.
	"Mr. Carr, talk no nonsense to her. Just let someone deal with her. I am hungry. Let's go for dinner, okay?" The woman went to Kingsley's side and rubbed Kingsley's arm with her plump chest.
	It was known that Kingsley was lecherous. This action was effective every time it was used. Usually, Kingsley would have pressed her down. But today, Kingsley pulled his arm out of the woman's arms.
	"Baby, go order. The order is the same as before, and one more order for each dish. We can invite this beauty to eat with us." Kingsley didn't take his eyes off Amy.
	"Mr. Carr, she..." The woman was very reluctant.
	"Go. The service here is slow. If we don't order early, we may have to wait for a long time." Kingsley always spoke to women gently, but his voice was also serious.
	The woman had no choice but to go. Seeing this, Amy was uncomfortable. She intended to forget it and pretend to be bitten by a dog today.
	Amy was getting in the car and leaving. She'd better not have any contact with such a crazy man.
	"Hey, baby, wait. We have not discussed it yet." Kingsley grabbed Amy's arm.
Chapter 290 Start Cooperation
	Amy was about to leave when Kingsley grabbed her arm and stopped her.
	Amy turned around, grabbed Kingsley's arm, got close to him, and dropped him to the ground. Then, she clapped her hands, got in the car, and left.
	Kingsley got up from the ground. He did not care about his expensive clothes, but was upset to see Amy leave.
	"Mr. Carr, are you okay?" the woman went out again after ordering food, seeing Kingsley was dropped on the ground. Just as she was about to help him, Kingsley got up.
	"Interesting. I didn't expect there is such a spirited woman in R City. I have thought they are all gentle ladies. I like her! I like this hot girl!" Kingsley said a lot at Amy's car, and then glanced at the woman with disgust.
	"Go book a room right now!" Kingsley said to the woman.
	"We haven't eaten yet! Mr. Carr, don't be anxious." The woman thought wrongly and said, pretending to be shy.
	"What are you thinking? I'm telling you to take a shower. Take off your terrible makeup and get rid of the smell. Change into normal clothes, or get out!" Kingsley glared at her.
	"Yes." Seeing that Kingsley was angry, the woman hurriedly agreed, ran into the restaurant, and found a room to clean herself up.
	Kingsley swaggered into the restaurant. He thought for a moment as he walked in, feeling that he had no appetite. The woman just now was really his type! Thinking of this, Kingsley left The Proud Chef.
	Amy could only go home and make a bowl of noodles. Although many things had happened today, she thought having a competition with Andy was the most meaningful thing.
	After taking a shower, Amy lay down on the bed, took out her cell phone, and watched the news. She was so tired that she fell asleep soon.
	When they met again in the vice mayor's office, Amy and Richard both wore black clothes. They were particularly good-looking and it was just like they were wearing couple's clothes.
	"Hey, Miss Newell, Mr. Carter. You guys really have a tacit understanding and are both wearing black clothes, just like you are wearing couple's clothes." The vice mayor said with a smile.
	Amy glared at Richard. Richard was wearing a black shirt and black pants today. To be honest, he was really handsome and many young girls would fall in love with him.
	Richard sensed Amy's gaze, but didn't look back at her. He knew that her gaze would not be kind.
	"Mr. Carter, Miss Newell, have you thought about it? What do you think of the investment proposal for Belle Village? If you are interested in it, let's start planning." The vice mayor was exceptionally vigorous in everything. If he thought it was feasible, he would like to implement it as soon as possible and didn't like to drag it out.
	"I think it's okay. How about Miss Newell?" Richard did not have any objection. Anyway, his company had temporarily lifted the crisis. So, it was okay that he did some investments.
	"Me too. Then we can start planning and give the planning to the vice mayor." Amy also considered it and studied it with the board of directors. They all felt that the proposal was feasible and the profit was good.
	"Good, I like you decisive guys. Then let's take action to let the villagers get the benefits as soon as possible. What's more, although we go develop, we have to maintain the ecological balance, not to cut down the trees. We need to protect the environment." The vice mayor finally said.
	"OK." For a resort, the more natural the environment was, the better. Only in that way could tourists be attracted. If the environment there was the same as it was in the city, people might prefer to stay in the city. Who would go so far to the resort?
	They all agreed to the vice mayor's request and were about to go back to study the program.
	"Miss Newell, let's take three days to make plans and then exchange our ideas with each other, okay?" Richard thought Amy must be unwilling to have too much contact with him. So, he just made such a suggestion.
	"Why do we have to make two plans? It is okay to make one plan. We can gather people from our company and let them make a plan within a week. Then, we just need to determine the final version." Amy looked ahead. What she said was the best solution.
	"Alright. I'll go back and let my men come to work in Starway Hotel from tomorrow. They will work hard to make a plan in a week. So, let's offer a good place for them." Richard thought it was a good idea. But the two hotels were not their first choice. He was afraid they would be disturbed if they worked there. So, he decided to go to the most luxurious Starway Hotel in R City, where the conditions were the best.
	"OK. Then I will go to Starway Hotel to book the room and meeting room. We can split the expenses. I will pay first." Amy was serious, which made Richard feel strange.
	"OK." Richard also agreed. He didn't wait for Amy, drove away, and went back to arrange it.
	Amy drove straight to Starway Hotel.
	Starway Hotel was really worthy of its name and brightened people. The entire hotel was majestic, and the decoration was luxury, which could make people feel how rich it was.
	Amy came in the hotel. The decoration inside was not as luxury as it was outside. The decoration here was antique and tasteful.
	When she came to the front desk, the girl at the front desk greeted Amy enthusiastically.
	"I want a conference room and ten rooms. Besides, please offer the best breakfast, lunch and dinner every day." Amy said to the girl. She knew well that if she wanted the staff to work hard, she should offer good welfare for them.
	"OK. I'll arrange it for you right away. Miss, may I ask you when you will check in? How long will you stay?" The girl asked Amy.
	"We'll check in tomorrow evening. I am not sure how long we will stay. I guess we will stay for a week if it is efficient." With that, Amy took her card out and was about to pay the deposit.
	"Charge it to my account. How can I let such a beautiful lady pay?" a triumphant voice came from behind Amy.
Chapter 291 Goodbye, Kingsley
	A voice came behind Amy. The young lady, a receptionist, instantly bowed with respect to a man behind Amy. The receptionist greeted, "Hello, Mr. Carr."
	Without turning her head, Amy had known that it must be that crazy and disgusting man. She didn't turn around but continue to talk about her own business with the receptionist.
	"Settle my account, please. I still have other things to deal with." Amy handed the receptionist her bank card.
	"Who dares to take your bank card without my order, hot lady? We meet again. What a coincidence! Your account can be put on my tab, which can be regard as a welcome gift. It must be fate. I am willing to treat you a meal. The food in our Starway Hotel tastes great." Kingsley stood behind Amy and said with happiness. As the saying goes, you could wear out iron shoes in fruitless searching and yet you might find the lost thing without even looking for it by a lucky chance. As for Kingsley, he had been looking for this woman for such a long time. He didn't expect to see her in his own hotel.
	"Well then, I decide to go to another hotel." Amy took back her bank card. She was ready to leave.
	"Hey, hot lady. Which hotel's equipments and facilities in R City can match our Starway Hotel's?" Kingsley went to hold Amy's hand. Amy shook his hand off.
	"Please behave yourself. We don't know each other." Amy turned back and went out. Kingsley went up again and stopped her.
	"Well. What a bad temper. Just make payments for yourself. Give me your bank card and I will handle it for you. I'm sure payments are made with your own money." Kingsley couldn't really understand. When other women heard that it was free to have consumption, they would jump into his arms and sweet-talk him. But this woman wasn't like that. She actually wanted to leave, which could be quite interesting!
	Indeed, there were no hotels' equipments and facilities superior to Starway Hotel's in R City. Even those charged by the HD Group and the Newell Group weren't rivals of Starway Hotel.
	What's more, there was cooperation between the HD Group and the Newell Group. Therefore, neither of them was a great choice. She finally chose Starway Hotel.
	"Take it. There are no passwords." Amy gave her bank card to Kingsley.
	Kingsley came up to the receptionist and asked her to arrange the best room for Amy. He used Amy's money to make payments according to Amy's mind. This woman seemingly trusted him very much, for she wasn't worried that the rest in her bank card, which had no passwords, might be taken out.
	Having done the business, Kingsley returned her bank card and room card. Amy had a look at it and then put it in her bag.
	"Well, thanks. I'm off." Amy found things done and decided to go. She had to go back and discussed with people of the planning department to arrange for things.
	"Hey. Hey. I helped you. How can you go now? Didn't I say I treated you? Have a meal with me before you go." Kingsley looked at the back of Amy and howled again.
	But Amy ignored him completely. She walked away faster and faster as if Kingsley had a plague.
	"Do you want to catch that young lady, Mr. Carr?" The man in black asked Kingsley.
	"What are you saying? Have you been cultured or not? Catch her? Look at her small and delicate body. Do you still want to catch her? Get out of here. Read more books!" Kingsley kicked that man.
	That man scratched his head and felt confused. In the past, it was Kingsley that asked him to catch the one when dealing with the same matter. Why did Kingsley turn his mind now?
	But that man in black still executed Kingsley's order. He found a quiet place and let others give him a book. He began to read it.
	After Amy finished her business, she went back to his company. She immediately got together with people of the planning department and held a meeting. Amy fixed five men and let them go back immediately to pack things up. There would be a week they couldn't go home starting from tomorrow. After home arrangement, Amy involved in planning with people in the HD Group together.
	As all things had been done, Amy felt hungry. Daria, her secretary, hanged around at the doorstep. Then she popped her head around the office door.
	"Would you like to have something, Miss Newell? Do you need me to bring you some?" It was already half past twelve. Daria was also too busy to eat.
	"No, thanks. Let's go to the restaurant to have a meal. Maybe there still has some food at this time, hasn't there?" Amy rubbed her temples and exercised her waist. She stood up and was ready to go to the restaurant with Daria.
	"There still has food now. The restaurant is usually opened until 2:00 p.m. in the afternoon, because many people work overtime and forget to have meals. Isn't it you that set up regulations? Even though the restaurant is opened until 2:30 p.m., employees that delay their meals due to extra work can go there and eat as much as they want to." Daria said to Amy.
	Amy really forgot it. How could she remember everything since she made a plenty of decisions every day? But it seemed to her that she made a good decision. When hearing Daria's tone, she thought she really gained the common aspiration of employees.
	They went onto the second floor of the restaurant. There weren't many people eating here at this moment. Employees in the Newell Group worked really hard. Some finished their work early in the morning so they ate at 11:00 a.m., who could start to work early in the afternoon.
	There were also some people off work at a normal time, which was the time when Amy and Dainia came to eat now. Others hadn't finished their works yet so that they would come here for a meal after a while. Therefore, it wouldn't be overcrowded in the restaurant.
	Amy walked along the way. Many people greeted with her. Although she was very young, she had a high prestige in the company.
	"What would you like to eat, Miss Newell? I can cook for you now since there are only a few good dishes left." The restaurant manager said to Amy when she came to the restaurant.
	"No more food?" Amy looked at dishes, finding they were hot. She knew that still many people hadn't come to eat. She inspected here by the way. Then she saw various dishes cooked in the way of frying, steaming or boiling.
	"There are different types of dishes, aren't there?" Amy had thought there really might be no food. And she was a little worried about people who hadn't come to eat.
	"Isn't Miss Newell fond of seafood? We've run out of seafood today so I'm going to cook you some more." What the manager was talking about was seafood in the first place. He knew Amy didn't like to eat other dishes.
	"Oh. It's ok. I eat anything. You can give me sweet and sour spare ribs, cold meat starters and pickles." Amy looked at the dishes and ordered three of them.
	Daria also asked for three dishes. They sat down and had lunch.
	"What do you think of the food in the restaurant, Daria? I haven't heard other staffs talking about it. If dishes are bad, we can improve them." Food was the life of people. Amy was also very particular about eating. If the food tasted bad, there would be resentment when staffs worked.
	"I haven't heard anything about it. But there's one thing I want to report." Daria thought for a while. She felt it necessary to tell Amy something.
Chapter 292 Is the Food Really Unhygienic?
	"What's the matter? Tell me." Amy looked up at Daria.
	"This is what happened. I heard that there is nothing wrong with the food in our restaurant, but it seems that someone ate at our restaurant a few days ago and had severe diarrhea afterwards. Apparently, it was because our raw materials weren't very fresh. The restaurant manager didn't want word to spread, so he paid for that person's medical expenses himself," Daria whispered to Amy.
	"The raw materials weren't fresh? That doesn't sound right. Those raw materials were from my father's suppliers. My mother took care of quality control. How could they not be fresh?" Amy looked deep in thought. Could it be that the manager messed with it?
	"Yeah, that's what I heard too. It seems that the manager is a relative of someone and isn't very reliable," Daria reported to Amy.
	"Okay, I'll investigate this. But I think today's food looks very good, so we can eat a bit more and see if we'll have diarrhea." Amy decided that from now on, she would eat at the employees' restaurant for a while.
	Before Amy ate there for a second time, she had severe diarrhea in the evening of that day. Her family doctor gave her a check-up and said that it was because she had eaten something unhygienic before sending her to a hospital for further examination.
	When she arrived at the hospital, Amy ran into Daria, who was also severely affected, and both entered the emergency room. Amy's face turned pale from severe stomach pain, which shocked the butler and nanny who came with her.
	"Sigh, the woman who just went inside looks familiar, just like my hottie. I'll take a look." Kingsley saw Amy being sent to the emergency room when he came out of his grandfather's ward and walked downstairs. But he did not see clearly from only a glance.
	"Mr. Carr! Mr. Carr! Your grandfather would like you to go back right away!" His man said anxiously, but Kingsley ignored them all.
	Kingsley went to the emergency room and saw Amy, who was pale. While she was usually fierce and tough, she looked so innocent at this moment as she lay on the hospital bed and looked as if she was about to faint.
	"Doctor, what's wrong with her?" Kingsley asked the doctor beside him.
	"It seems that she ate something unhygienic. Who are you?" The doctor was just looking to ask the patient's family about the situation.
	"I'm her boyfriend," Kingsley admitted cheekily. He looked serious as he lied, so the doctor believed him.
	"What did she eat today? Come on, why aren't you caring about your girlfriend? Look at how she is right now. She's already dehydrated. If she arrived any later, she would have been in even greater danger! What kind of boyfriend are you?" The doctor lectured Kingsley.
	Kingsley's men wanted to beat the doctor up, but they were stopped by Kingsley. He had a very good attitude and kept nodding his head, agreeing with the doctor.
	The doctor saw that Kingsley was the patient's family, so he let him in. Amy was already light-headed and had no idea who was watching her. The doctor checked her and Daria's blood and confirmed that the diarrhea was caused by the food that they ate. They were administered injections and started their infusion therapy.
	Amy was groggy and only knew that she was being treated by the doctor. But she had no idea who the doctor was talking to.
	In the middle of the night, Amy woke up. She was the only one in the ward. Daria stayed in another ward.
	Amy wanted to get out of bed and go to the washroom. The ward was dark. She moved her feet on the ground and could not find her shoes.
	"Are you awake?" Someone asked Amy from the side of her hospital bed.
	Amy was startled by the voice she suddenly heard. She looked back and found that the person in her room was not her family member.
	"Who are you?" Amy asked that person.
	"Hottie, I am Kingsley. Don't you want to thank me for staying by your side for so long?" Kingsley sounded like he was wronged. He did not even take care of his mother when she was sick while he took care of Amy for the entire night last night.
	"But I didn't ask you to take care of me. Who asked you to take care of me? I have my family." Amy never treated Kingsley kindly.
	She could not understand what went on in the mind of this mad man.
	"So hot, I like it. I just like you. Do you want to go to the washroom?" Kingsley stood up and grabbed her shoes from the other side of the bed.
	Kingsley carefully put the slippers on Amy's feet. He turned on the light and helped Amy to go to the washroom. At the door of the washroom, Amy let go of his hand.
	"Okay, go in. I'll be waiting for you outside." Kingsley understood what Amy meant and did not make Amy mad this time. Amy entered the washroom and locked the door tightly. She did not trust Kingsley.
	Hearing Amy lock the door in the washroom, Kingsley laughed. What kind of person did she think he was? Did she think she could stop him with just a lock? That depended on his mood, but he did not think about peeping anyway.
	Her diarrhea stopped, so Amy came out after using the washroom. Since her diarrhea was too severe yesterday, her legs felt a bit weak.
	Amy washed her hands. When she wanted to open the washroom door, she realized that she had no strength to left, so she held onto the door to rest. After a while when she wanted to use her strength, she found that her legs became weak, and she fell to the ground.
	When Kingsley heard someone fall in the washroom, he became anxious and opened the door with one kick.
	He walked in, picked up Amy, who had fallen to the ground, and placed her on the hospital bed. He hurriedly asked for a doctor to see what was going on.
	"Who is this woman?" A grey-haired old man stood at the door with a group of men in black behind him.
	The doctor saw that and could not help but wonder whether he was in the middle of a movie and was being surrounded by actors. Why would these people show up in the hospital? His legs turned weak from being frightened.
	"My woman!" Kingsley did not look up. He looked at Amy's pale face. He always thought of her as his woman.
	"Fool! Kingsley, you are going back. All you do is claim women to be yours. You should control yourself. You're thirty-year-old already and you're fooling around all day." Grandpa Carr walked in and glanced at the woman on the hospital bed.
	This woman looked very familiar, but Grandpa Carr did not show it. He made his men pull Kingsley up.
	"Grandpa, I can walk. Don't pull me. I'll leave on my own." Kingsley did not expect his grandpa to get up from the hospital bed to look for him at this moment.
	"You can walk, but your legs are disobedient. If I don't take you away, will you go with me? How much time have you wasted since yesterday? You're still in the hospital! Do you know what happened at home!" Grandpa Carr looked anxious because Kingsley did not live up to his expectations.
	Kingsley was his eldest grandson, but he was cynical, which made him very anxious. All other children thought about was how to inherit as much of the family fortune as possible while only this fool was indulged in sensual pleasures every day!
Chapter 293 Two Men She Should Not Meet
	"Miss, miss, are you any better?" When Amy woke up this time, she finally did not see that annoying Kingsley. The butler looked at her with eager eyes and thought that something was wrong. In fact, Amy fell asleep this time after everything she went through and her fall at night.
	"I'm better. I'm very hungry. Is there anything to eat?" Amy remembered. The butler helped her up.
	"Yes, yes, there is. The nanny has just delivered rice porridge. Why don't you have some?" The butler pointed to the thermos on the bedside table.
	"Okay, give me a bowl. I feel like I'm going to faint from hunger." The last time she ate was at noon yesterday, but she expelled everything because of her diarrhea. She did not eat anything afterwards and was starving by now.
	"Okay, I'll have it ready for you right away." The butler opened the thermos and filled a bowl with porridge for Amy.
	After drinking a bowl of porridge, Amy did not have any reaction at all and wanted another bowl.
	"Robin, give some porridge to Daria next door. She must be hungry too. I'll have just one more bowl." Amy knew that she could only drink porridge at this moment, so she did not ask for anything else to eat.
	"Okay, all right." After the butler gave Amy another bowl of porridge, he delivered the rest of the porridge to Daria.
	The butler went out. Amy drank the porridge and thought about the problem. It was only yesterday when Daria said that the raw materials were not fresh that she had diarrhea. Was it a coincidence? That manager worked with Mr. Newell for many years. How could he do such a thing? She decided to have someone investigate.
	Amy thought for a while, then called someone and asked him to investigate what the restaurant manager has been doing recently.
	"Miss Newell, are you better? We came to see you." The restaurant manager brought a group of people to visit Amy.
	Everyone carried gifts and flowers. The manager looked embarrassed. Recently someone had diarrhea after eating at the restaurant. This time it was Miss Newell who had diarrhea. He had no idea what was going on.
	The employees chatted for a while and left after a while. Only the restaurant manager stayed.
	"Miss Newell, I really don't know what's going on. I've already checked the raw materials when they came in. I don't think there's anything wrong with them, but..." The manager lowered his head and looked at his fingers.
	"Don't worry about it. I'll have someone investigate. I hope it's not a problem with the raw materials. But if it really is, then I'll hold you responsible." Amy was not entirely sure what went on either and could only wait until there were results from the investigation.
	"Oh, but how can this be investigated? The food has been eaten. How is the investigation going to be carried out to prove my innocence?" The manager was very worried. He paid for that person's medical expenses last time. But the little bit of money he had would not be enough this time. The victim was the boss of the Newell Group. He would be fired.
	"If it's not you, then I'll make an announcement for you. If it is you, then you'll be responsible, and I'll provide the evidence to the police." Amy has always distinguished between kindness and hatred. She wanted to know who did it.
	"Okay, I'm ready to risk everything and wait for you to investigate. I'll wait for the results." Although he was very worried, there was nothing the manager could do other than wait for the results. No one would believe what he said.
	"Okay, you don't want to go to work for now. Stay home for a few days. If you continue going to work now, no one will dare go to the restaurant. I'll have the head chef take over your job," Amy said to the restaurant manager.
	"Okay then. I'll go back and wait for the results." The restaurant manager had no choice but to go back and wait for the results. He thought that he was very unlucky recently.
	After dismissing the restaurant manager, Amy lay on the bed and was in deep thought that she did not even notice when someone walked in front of her.
	"What are you thinking about so seriously?" Andy heard that two more people came to the hospital with food poisoning. One of them was Miss Newell from the Newell Group, so he stopped working and came to the hospital.
	"Andy, you are well-informed." Amy did not expect Andy to know that she was hospitalized in such a short time.
	"This hospital is mine. Is it surprising? Why are you so careless?" Andy looked at Amy worriedly. She was a frail child.
	"It's not that I wasn't careful. It's that someone in the restaurant has been playing tricks recently. As soon as I heard the news that the raw materials aren't fresh, I'm here," Amy said humorously.
	"Then just send the restaurant manager to the police. He must have done it. If something goes wrong at the restaurant, the person in charge will always be responsible." Andy glanced at the substances in Amy's infusion and was relieved that they looked okay.
	"But I don't think that's necessarily true. The restaurant manager just came to visit me. He said it wasn't him. It's just that I don't have any evidence to help him prove his innocence, so I can only have someone investigate first. We'll see." Amy always felt that the manager was not that kind of person. It was just that there was no evidence right now and employees are protesting and demanding a replacement.
	"Anyway, it's your business. You can take care of it. By the way, you should stay in the hospital for a few more days this time. I can find someone to help you investigate." Andy looked at Amy and felt sorry for her.
	"It's her business, so she should be the one taking care of it. What are you helping her for?" Richard appeared at the door of the ward again. His presence gave Amy's a headache. Shouldn't he be supervising the project plan? This hospital did not belong to his family, so how did he know as well?
	"She is my little sister, so I should help her." Andy and Richard, both tall and buff, faced each other at the door, attracting many nurses.
	"Little sister? Don't you have a little sister yourself? She only has a younger brother. When did she have an older brother?" Richard retaliated immediately.
	"I'm going to sleep. Leave, please leave. Don't bother me here!" Seeing the two men argue as soon as they met gave her a headache.
	"She told you to leave!" Richard said to Andy.
	"Sounds like you as well!" Andy stared at Richard.
	"Get out. Both of you, get out!" Seeing that the two would argue no matter what they said, she decided to get out of bed and drive them away.
	"Okay, okay. You don't need to get out of bed. We'll leave." When the two saw that Amy, who was still receiving infusion therapy, was about to pull out the needle, they were scared and walked toward the door.
	Amy heard the door closing and only started thinking again when she saw that the two finally left.
Chapter 294 Mr. Carter Has Unique Hobbies
	Amy was in deep thought about the restaurant. When she was about to call back to ask about the problem, she had a visitor again.
	"Oh, this is truly retribution. I came to the hospital early in the morning and saw a lot of people coming into this ward. I didn't expect it to be you, Miss Newell. Hahahaha, I'm happy to see you here!" Hilary stood at the door, taunting Amy.
	Amy glanced at her and then said blankly, "Hilary, you have nothing better to do?"
	"Yeah, I have nothing to do. Don't you know? My life is all beer and skittles. I don't know what I can do other than have fun." Hilary sat down on Amy's bed. She reached out to grab an apple. After thinking about it for a moment, she rubbed it against her clothes and started to eat.
	"Since you have nothing to do, then you whitewash coal energy. I don't welcome you here!" Amy said with a stern face. She used to think that Hilary was pure, but now Hilary just looked dumb.
	"I don't need your welcome to come here. I'm here because I wanted to. What are you going to do about it? By the way, Allison is still waiting for me, so I'm going. But this apple's mine." Hilary looked at the time and stood up, ready to leave.
	"Hilary, you are here. I was looking for you everywhere!" Allison also came to the door of Amy's ward at this time. She was happy beyond words when she saw Amy getting an infusion.
	"I'm so happy to see you ill. Amy, don't think your life has been too easy and it's time you suffered a bit too?" Allison looked down at everybody because of Mr. Philip's love for her.
	"I don't think so. I think the time of my life has just begun. But regardless of how my life is going, I don't need Miss Field to worry about it." Amy was about to call for a doctor at this time.
	"I'm going to rest. Please leave! If you don't leave, I'll call for someone to drive you away!" Amy's face was sullen.
	"Hilary, who asked you to come here? Go back quickly!" Richard saw Hilary in Amy's ward, so he made her go back.
	"Richard, you sure have nothing to do. Even idler than me. Are you truly happy spending every day with this heartless woman? Have you forgotten how our father died?" Hilary's eyes were full of hatred.
	"You should leave. She is a patient. I didn't come to see her. I just have something to discuss with her. I remember everything." Richard made Hilary leave.
	When Allison heard Richard's words, she was overjoyed. 'Amy, you have been deserted by everyone! You deserved it!'
	"Richard, I hope you don't forget that. I'll be leaving. I'll visit you again when I have some time, Amy!" Hilary left with Hilary.
	What Richard said just now made Amy very angry, but now that she was in the hospital bed, she could not do much to him.
	"What's the matter? Do you want to eat?" Richard looked as if there was nothing wrong and he was not the one who just said those words.
	"Richard, what are you back for? To make fun of me? You must be quite happy, huh?" Amy turned her face to the side, not wanting to look at him anymore.
	"I came back to tell you that I am very happy with the hotel room you arranged. Not only me, but all the employees are very happy. They especially asked that I convey their gratitude to you." As if he did not hear Amy's sarcastic remarks, Richard picked up an apple and sliced it into small pieces.
	"Come on, this apple is pretty good. It's fresh and picked this morning." Richard handed the apple to Amy.
	"I don't want it. Richard, if it's not about work, then don't bother me. I don't want anything to do with you."
	Amy admired Richard's resilience.
	"What I'm talking to you about is work. Did you want to talk to me about something else? Or are you reminding me that we should talk about something else?" Richard insisted on putting the fruit beside Amy's mouth.
	"You!" Amy was about to say something, but Richard suddenly put the small piece of apple into her mouth.
	Fine, this apple was very delicious. It was sweet and crunchy, just how she liked it.
	Talking to Richard was in vain, so Amy decided to eat fruits. She gritted her teeth and ate all the fruits.
	"People who have diarrhea should drink some warm milk." Richard handed Amy a bottle of warm milk, which Amy drank right away without a second thought. Since she ate and drank to her heart's content, she lay down and was ready to go to bed. She thought that Richard would leave when she was asleep.
	But Amy was wrong. Although she was asleep, Richard did not leave. Instead, he sat on the couch and looked at his phone.
	"Miss Newell, there's news..." When Daria pushed open the door of the ward, she saw Amy asleep on the hospital bed and Richard on the couch looking at Amy's back in a daze.
	Amy was initially pretended to be asleep, but to her surprise, she fell asleep. When she heard Daria's voice, she turned around.
	Daria did not eat as much as Amy did, so her diarrhea was not as severe as Amy's. She could already walk back and forth by now.
	"What's the news?" Amy sat up. Daria saw that Richard was there, but she did not say anything.
	"It's okay, just tell me. I think this should have nothing to do with Mr. Carter." Amy had some faith in Richard even though she did not know why.
	"Miss Newell, so we've finished the investigation. There was nothing wrong with the food that day. The raw materials were all very fresh. It's just that someone messed with your food," Daria said to Amy.
	Amy heard Daria's words and already had a conclusion. Many people ate at the restaurant that day, but only she and Daria had diarrhea, which did not make sense. But if someone messed with her food, then it made sense.
	"Who was it? Have you found the culprit?" Amy felt that her subordinates were quite powerful; they were not stupid.
	"We found out who it was, but the head chef escaped," Daria said. The investigation was very thorough, so the culprit would obviously escape once the word got out.
	"Escaped? Then call the police!" Would it be that easy to escape? He had an exaggerated opinion of his abilities and needed to be taught a lesson for stirring up trouble in the Newell Group.
	"Okay, I'll go right away." Daria went out. When she went out, she sneaked a glance at Richard secretly. How strange Mr. Carter was! Why was he looking at his phone with it upside down?
Chapter 295 Discharged From Hospital
	"Great! It didn't take long to find out what happened this time. But we don't know who sent him, which will surely disturb everyone in the Group. What a dick!" Amy was more of a person who liked an open fight instead of stabbing in the back. She despised such behaviour greatly.
	Finishing talking to herself, she turned around and laid eyes on Richard, who was staring at the phone with his head down. His sparkish profile caught Amy off guard for a second.
	"Why are you looking at me? I completely agreed with what you said." Richard said in a flattering tone without even raising his head.
	Hearing this, Amy burst into laughter, which finally caught Richard's attention. He looked up at her, showing no emotion on the face.
	"Is it funny what I said?" He put his phone down and walked towards Amy.
	"What do you plan on eating later?" He sat down next to her in bed. She looked better now.
	"Don't worry about it. My butler will deliver food to me." Amy took a look at the time, which pointed to over 11:30. Robin should be here soon.
	"I told him not to come today because I'll take care of you. However, my mom should probably be arriving soon. Three, two, one!" He counted in a gloating tone.
	"Amy, why didn't you tell me you're sick! Here, I made you porridge with fruit and scented tea." Just about when Richard counted to one, Grandma Cathy showed up in time.
	Amy shot a glance at Richard and thought how wonderfully these two worked together.
	"Mom, it's nothing, that's why I didn't bother you. I'm fully recovered now." She was trying to be polite to Cathy.
	"What do you mean by nothing! You were hospitalized and it's definitely serious! Come on, eat this. It's not so hot." Cathy placed the thermal lunch box on the table, and Richard poured some out in the bowl.
	It was a fine porridge, with all kinds of pretty colour and looking really appetizing. Cathy also brought a few more side dishes and snacks. Amy had a hard time resisting.
	"I'll leave you two alone. I'm out for a moment." Richard left the room after setting everything.
	Cathy then asked a lot about Amy's illness before she could make sure Amy was really fine. She was greatly relieved from the worry this morning when her son told her about this.
	"I'm free anyway. Let me stay here with you." Cathy's heart was still hanging in the air.
	"That won't be necessary, mom. I'm fine, really. I'm going home this afternoon, so you don't have to stay here." Amy was fully healed, and she almost ate up everything Cathy brought her.
	"Can't you stay here for a few more days? Why in such a hurry to go?" Cathy was thinking of bringing Amy back home to nurse her.
	"Well, I'm fine now. Fully recovered." There were already tons of work piling up and waiting for Amy.
	"Alright then. If there's anything you feel like eating, just let mom know okay? I'm available at any time, and I don't mind delivering it to you." Cathy realized that she couldn't persuade Amy to come to her home. It was hard enough for Amy to take care of all businesses herself.
	"Thanks. I already called my secretary. She'll pick me up later. How about you go home and get some rest?" Knowing there was a troublemaker in the Newell Group, Amy was anxious to go back.
	She was the kind of person who, when receiving a favor, would repay with ten times of kindness. She was also the kind who would hit back ten times harder if she or her family was hurt.
	"OK, I'll leave then. Richard's still not back. Are you sure you'll be fine here alone?" Cathy packed everything. The fact that Amy ate everything up filled her with joy.
	"Sure! There's no transfusion anymore so I can manage myself. It's also a good chance for me to pack up a bit before heading back." Amy got out of the bed. She could indeed take care of herself now that the transfusion was done.
	"Alright. I'll go now." Cathy understood she better leave Amy alone now. So off she went with the thermal lunch box.
	Amy called Robin and her secretary before she realized that she should have an assistant of her own too. She didn't feel that way before until she had Richard working for her for a while. More often than not, a male assistant was far more useful than a female secretary.
	The plan of hiring another assistant was on the to-do list now.
	Butler Robin and Secretary Daria arrived at the hospital in no time and checked out for Amy. Amy sent Robin home for her stuff and headed straight for the company.
	When she arrived at the entrance, the restaurant manager ran towards her as if he saw his own mother.
	"Miss Newell, thank you! Thank you so much for figuring out what's happened so fast! I know you told me to wait at home but I couldn't help!" He almost cried out in tears of joy.
	"Well, since you're here and already know what's happening, I'd suggest you continue with work. You've been doing a good job. I was told that you were a just person and that brought you troubles from the cook. He set you up by doing mean stuff in the restaurant." Amy said to the manager.
	"Yes, exactly. I scolded him before because of one of his relatives. He sells veggies and wants to send us his goods. It should've been an easy thing but the stuff that he sent us is with such bad quality. He couldn't care less about it because of his relative. So I talked to the cook and asked him to handle this. It was all find then, but I didn't know he would hold grudges against me." He tried to brief Amy about what happened back then.
	Amy appreciated what he did, so she comforted him and rewarded him with some money as encouragement. Manager left with gratitude and had been loyal to Amy for that ever since.
	"Daria, make a draft for hiring. I'm looking for a male assistant. Doesn't have to look gorgeous, but can't be too bad. What is important is he must be able to drink and fight. Also with good academic background, better in Finance." Amy gave order to Daria as she walked.
	"Yes, Ma'am! I'll pass it to HR Department right away." Daria made a turn towards the HR.
	Amy went back to her office and made a phone call to that person, telling him to continue working on the cook. If he ever found him, he must bring him to her.
	Fortunately, work wasn't too crazy for today. Just when Amy finished the work on hand, the hiring post arrived from the HR Department. Amy browsed swiftly and approved for publishing.
	Then she thought maybe she should go check out the staff living in Dragon Hotel and see if they were fine there. Time was still early, so she hopped in the car and drove away to the hotel.
Chapter 296 The Excellent Assistant
	"Miss Newell, these are the three candidates we picked for the position of your assistant, for your information." This time the HR was smart enough to give Amy three choices.
	Three handsome young lads stood before Amy.
	One was strongly built, with muscles bulging through his shirt. He totally had the look of a body guard.
	The second one was nothing special, but at least looked smart and bright.
	The third one had the best face of the three, but was inferior in terms of physique, even appearing to be a bit weak.
	Amy walked straight to the last one and looked straight in his eyes. The young man looked equally back at her without any fear.
	"What's your name and your specialty? Judging from your body… do you think you can fight hard? You think you can handle this job?" Amy questioned the man.
	"My name is Finnley Carr. My specialties fit everything you asked for this job. I hold a PhD in Finance, won championship in national-level Taekwondo competition and second place in kick-boxing. I might look a bit wiry but it does no impact on my fighting abilities." The man spoke with pride in his face.
	"Impressive… then why would you come to our company? You have a financial doctorate, you could easily find a well-paid job anywhere. You do know that the salary of an assistant here is not very tempting, right?" Amy took an interest in nobody but him.
	"I don't need to work for money." The answer drew everyone's attention: what for did he apply for this job then? As a matter of fact, the pay as an assistant in the Newell Group was far above average level in the industry, which was the reason why so many people casted their greedy eyes on it.
	"Interesting. Well, I'm easy on things, except for your fighting skills. How about this? My office should be spacious enough. If you could beat the other two gentlemen here, you're hired." Amy gave no further words. She needed to see the real actions.
	"Good! I'll mark your words." The Finnley guy brushed his cropped hair with a hand habitually, before taking off the suit jacket. A black T-shirt revealed underneath.
	The other two had already had too much of his arrogance and were more than ready to teach him a lesson.
	The HR manager was smart enough to step down to the side of the room, knowing that he would not be able to defend himself even should he be involved in the fight involuntarily.
	Amy commanded a start and the strongest-built guy shot up to fight against Finnley. After a few rounds, before anyone could figure out what was going on, the strong man started to get irritated, because Finnley was simply too agile.
	Suddenly while the strong man was unfocused for a second, Finnley shot him a hard kick and down went the muscled man.
	"That's not OK. I didn't pay attention just now. We gotta do it again!" The muscled man clearly felt quite the shame of being defeated, since he was much taller than the small man in front of him.
	"It's my turn." The other guy stepped up, but before long he was taken down as well. In fact these two men were both fairly good, but nowhere near Finnley's level.
	"Not bad. You two stay too. I have looked at both of your profiles. Fabian Gordon, you graduated from the investigation faculty in police school. As for Otto Ellis, you're a retired soldier and passed CPA. Excellent. I need you both. Ms. Lloyd, please help them with the enrolment process. And Finnley, please stay." Amy sent Ms. Lloyd out with Fabian and Otto, and kept Finnley alone in her office.
	The other two were fretting at first thinking they were out of the game. Neither of them would have expected that Amy would take all of them in the end.
	"Finnley, come here and let me take a close look at you." Amy ordered Finnley to come right before her so she could scrutinize himself closely.
	"Miss Newell, is there anything you're worried about?" Finnley stared back at Amy.
	"Nothing. I just find you pretty and want to take another look. Alright, you can now go for the enrolment too." She was obviously very satisfied with this Finnley.
	Finnley brushed his cropped hair one more time. Damn, it was so hard to get used to this new hair.
	Amy arranged work for the three newbies. They would all work in the same office and be under direct leadership from Amy, having no contact with any other secretary in the company.
	The sudden appearance of these three handsome men raised quite the admiration from single ladies within the company.
	Every day, the number of women sneaking in just to see them went through the roof. Some of them were still single; others had already found their better half. Well, you can't blame them. These three gentlemen were simply very charming, especially Finnley. Despite the fact that he was shorter than the other two, it was undoubtedly he had the most beautiful face.
	Finnley actually was as tall as 5'8''. It was the comparison with Fabian and Otto, both 6'1'', made him look like a dwarf.
	"Mr. Finnley, I made sushi for you."
	"Mr. Finnley, I made cake for you and it's really tasty." Just Finnley alone received plenty of food from these women every day, plus food for the other two, it was impossible to consume all of it in one single day.
	"Finnley, do you think the three of us can open a little grocery store? We can sell everything we can't finish." Although Finnley beat Fabian and Otto both on the first day, he made up for it with constant gifts to them. Therefore the latter two were naturally much fonder of him.
	"Good idea. But how do we find time to operate it? We'll go belly up by just selling these things." said Otto. It felt like a lot just to eat them, but too little for actually selling.
	"You're both free tonight right? Let me buy you a drink." Finnley had no interest in those things. He was only obsessed with drinking – it was a pure enjoyment for him. No matter how much he'd drunk, he could always remain sober.
	"Great. Let's get drunk tonight. Well… forget it. Only the two of us will, you, Finnley, I've never seen you drunk!" Fabian considered himself quite the drinker, but when Finnley was involved, he knew he didn't stand a chance.
	"I haven't seen myself drunk either. I just don't react much to alcohol, which baffles me too. Maybe my body's just special." Finnley checked out the time, it was close to off-hours.
	"Finnley, Miss Newell wants you." Before he could announce time off, the secretary came to fetch him.
	"Alright, I'll be right there." Finnley shrugged at the other two. Well, the plan was off for tonight.
Chapter 297 An Urgent Cocktail Party
	Amy had no idea why there was such an urgent cocktail party today, and she was told that she must be present, otherwise there would be some sort of punishment.
	Amy didn't care much about the punishment, but she was eager to see what kind of urgent party it would turn out. Now that Finnley had been with the company for a week, she could use this opportunity to test out his real talents.
	Finnley was dressed in a black suit, which complimented his sculpted face even more. Amy dressed herself in a black dress. The two made quite a good pair.
	They arrived at the party, where many others also showed in a hurry. It seemed that everybody invited here all got a last-minute notice.
	Amy spotted a dozen of familiar faces here: Richard Carter, Andy Baker, two sons from the Smiths, and Hadrian Field.
	Nodding to each one of them, Amy retrieved herself from these people and went on to check out the buffet counter with Finnley. She noted down food she favoured and its location before standing right next to it, holding a drink in her hand and waiting for the signal to dig in.
	Finnley found himself growing affection towards Amy. This lady boss was never on her high horse, and enjoyed eating just as much as he did. The neat and pretty face of hers also spoke right to him.
	But he only kept this thought to himself. He had no other plans.
	The governors from the municipal committee eventually made a debut after the pair finished a glass of drink each. And there were not just a few of them this time. Actually, a lot.
	"Finnley, do you have any idea what this party is about? Such a short notice." Amy asked Finnley in a low voice.
	"Perhaps the Carr family from DL City is going to make an announcement about entering R City for their business." Finnley answered.
	The Carr family from DL City? The family of Kingsley Carr? They were doing marvellously in DL City, how come they wanted to tap into R?
	But this was none of Amy's business. The Carr family was a prestigious family, and they had the money to decide wherever they wanted to do business.
	The governors started their speech shortly after, and the content confirmed what Finnley told Amy just now – the Carr family indeed were planning on entering R City. Their business scale was huge and they got lots of children. But the one who seemed to be in charge of the new business was Kingsley Carr, the one who was the least valued in the family.
	"I didn't see Kingsley Carr. Did you? That old guy there is the head of the family, right?" Amy looked at the people on the stage. There was only one man she didn't recognize, the rest were all governors from R City.
	"Yep, that's Grandpa Carr, he's the decision maker in the family. He's in charge of everything now, otherwise the entire family will crumble." Finnley knew every detail in Carr's family.
	"It's my honour to be here with everyone from R City. In the future, we…" The governors from the committee ended their speech. It was Grandpa Carr's turn now. His voice was still full of energy and power as if it came out from his guts, despite his seniority, which was rare for people with such an age.
	"The family has great power. You can tell by the fact that politicians from the city gathered all of us in such a short time in order to give them a warm welcome. But didn't he say that the business here would be under Kingsley's control? How come I don't see him here?" Amy was amazed at how much Finnley knew about all this.
	"Him? He'd be here for sure. Right now who knows whose bed he's in… you wait until Grandpa Carr finishes talking, and everyone starts to eat, then he'll show up." Finnley spoke Kingsley's name in a disdainful tone.
	Amy stopped further questions. She was aware of Kingsley's personalities. He was a playboy sleeping around with different women with his wealthy background.
	Grandpa Carr's speech was short and concise. He was helping his grandson Kingsley to make a good impression and paving ways for future cooperation. Even though this was an urgent party, it didn't compromise on its grandness. After all, it was all arranged by the Carr family.
	The reason why Grandpa Carr was in such a hurry to arrange for this party was because Kingsley gave his promise to take over the business in R City, which was a rare case for someone like him. Now that this show was on, Kingsley had no way back.
	The real session of the party started soon. Amy realized that a lot of the dishes presented today were very expensive. Some was even new to her.
	Fortunately Amy wasn't picky about food. She tried every dish so that she could brag about them in the future.
	Finnley had stayed close to Amy all the time and observed keenly around themselves. He also had to keep himself from being discovered. Luckily Grandpa Carr left the party after the speech. It would've been awkward for Finnley otherwise.
	"Oh God! I have been so late! Please excuse me." Kingsley Carr showed up at the entrance with an apologetic face. Right at that moment, all the politicians rose from their seats and trotted to the gate to shake hands with him. What an influence the Carrs had!
	Kingsley was soon surrounded by crowds. Everybody there was hoping they could strike a deal with this powerful family.
	"I heard that Miss Newell hired a few assistants recently. How are they behaving? Any close to my level of excellence?" Richard Carter finally got rid of Andy Baker for a moment and walked himself to Amy.
	"Very well. I find them marvellous." Amy replied.
	"That's good to know. So this is your new assistant, huh?" Richard nodded to Finnley, who was standing behind Amy and looked back at him.
	"Yep. Not bad, huh? Just like you."
	"Of course. You have great eyes, Ms. Newell. I believe he's an excellent young man. Ms. Newell can take him with you to occasions like this in the future. You'll be much safer." Richard said with a smile, which confused Amy a lot. Why did he seem rather happy about me hiring an assistant? Was he afraid that I would ask for more favours from him?
	"I am well aware of this. So I won't bother Mr. Carter anymore. Now if you'll excuse me, I'd like to join people over there." Amy was about to leave.
	"Sure." Richard walked away like a gentleman. He sat down in a quiet corner and observed Amy silently.
	Amy also walked around aimlessly before finally sat down with Finnley at a quiet spot.
	"Ms. Newell! Oh you're THE Ms. Newell from the Newell Group? I've heard so much about you. I've seen you in person many times, but please forgive me for not recognizing you with my dumb eyes back then!" Kingsley Carr suddenly appeared from nowhere and shocked Amy real hard. Finnley also stared at him intensely.
	Kingsley unconventionally left all his dates behind today. He was famous for taking his girls with him everywhere he went, but not today.
	He shot a glance at Finnley with calmness, without a word. He preferred to look at Amy more.
Chapter 298 The Fight in the Party
	Kingsley went in front of Amy. He didn't expect to see her here. Since the day she got sick and fell on the floor, he had been worried about her all along. But when he finally finished all the work and returned to the hospital, Amy was already gone. He was deeply disappointed.
	However, it seemed like God had heard of his thought and arranged him to meet his secret love here. When he saw Amy just now, he was in a hurry to ask around and was informed that no family was invited here today, only the leaders from each company.
	Kingsley was pretty shocked at the finding. The woman he liked was the CEO of the Newell Group. No wonder she was so special.
	"I find it bizarre to call you 'Ms. Newell'. How about I call you 'Amy'? That sounds much better, doesn't it?" Kingsley squeezed himself in between Amy and Finnley, trying to part the pair.
	"You must be the assistant. Well, go get us some food." Kingsley ordered Finnley, who glared back at Kingsley: he was her assistant now!
	"What? You don't seem happy. Looks like somebody's got too much temper for being an assistant. Amy, you've spoiled your people. For people like this, you need to educate them hard and make them listen well." Finnley was repulsed by the absurdity of Kingsley's words, and left right away to the food section.
	"This is more like it. Geez… who does he think he is? Amy, the day you were in hospital, I wanted to be with you. But I got some family shit then… you were not mad at me right?" He finally showed a sincere face.
	"Mr. Carr, I don't think we're that close. It's none of my business what you do. How would I be mad at you? Well, you're the star today, so I'll leave you with the crowds now. I think you better talk to those people." Amy didn't want to continue the conversation.
	Kingsley looked around in the ballroom, pointed to the people and said to Amy.
	"Amy, you want me to talk to those guys? Look at them, they're all disgusting men with their stupidly big heads and beer bellies. You think I can still have a good appetite looking at them? Am I annoying you now?" He retrieved his eyes from these people. Honestly, the setting of this party was not too bad, with a light blue tone that added to its character. The only thing that made him sick was the people here.
	"Yes, you're annoying me all the time. I dislike you." Amy spilled out to Kingsley in a direct manner.
	For any other man, hearing this, he should be so ashamed that he would leave right away and never talk to Amy again. However, this wasn't the case for Kingsley.
	"Oh, you dislike me? It's OK, I like you and that's enough. And I'll make you like me eventually. I have a lot of good things in me. You gotta discover them bit by bit." He didn't show any sign of embarrassment on his face at all.
	"Mr. Carr, Ms. Newell said she doesn't like you. You should back off now. We're about to eat, and we don't want to be in the way of your business." Finnley came back with two plates full of food. He had no reason to be polite to Kingsley either.
	"She's not fond of me, alright. But what does that have to do with you? So you brought us food." He reached out a hand to grab the plate.
	"Not for you, for us. You can go get it yourself." Finnley pulled Amy away and went to the nearest table, then put the plates down.
	Kingsley was given a complete cold shoulder. He glanced at Finnley and followed him to the table.
	"Miss Newell, there's something I must tell you. Your assistant…" Finnley realized that Kingsley was going to say something unusual. He didn't expect him to play such a mean trick.
	"Mr. Carr, please take a seat. I'll go get some more for you. These are the best from tonight, and I'm sure you'll have a very good appetite."
	Finnley pulled Kingsley down immediately to his seat and passed him his own plate.
	Kingsley took the seat across Amy naturally and started to work on the plate.
	"What did you want to tell me just now? What about my assistant?" Amy stared at Kingsley and implied to know the rest of his words.
	"Your assistant… he's rather good! Look, he's polite, and good-looking. Am I right?" Kingsley looked at Finnley with pride.
	Finnley turned around grumpily and went on to bring more food. This Kingsley was such a haunting ghost.
	"Miss Newell, there you are. Took me quite a while to find you." Hadrian came by with a plate and sat next to Amy.
	"Miss Newell, you may want to consider working with us the Fields. We work in many business sectors in common. We can't be enemies like this all the time, right?" Hadrian looked at Kingsley and mumbled a "hi" to him.
	"Who are you? Don't you see I'm in the middle of a conversation with Amy here? What are you doing here?" Kingsley immediately took a strong dislike towards Hadrian.
	"Miss Newell and I are old friends. It's not uncommon for old friends to catch up with each other a little, don't you think?" Hadrian hated Amy to the guts. He used to feel a little guilty for his mother killing her father in a car accident, but ever since Amy was back, she stopped working with the Fields, rendering a hard impact on their businesses.
	"Oh, that's so uncommon. You got bad eyes, you know that?" Kingsley felt even sicker about Hadrian whose face was soaking in grease. He was obviously not a good fellow. Well, neither was he himself.
	Kingsley squinted, which was a typical move when he was pissed. He thought nobody could guess what he was up to when he did that.
	Hadrian chose to ignore what Kingsley just said. He came with a purpose to smear Amy's image in front of Kingsley, thinking that Amy was asking for cooperation with Kingsley. His contempt towards Amy deepened.
	"I would very much like to work with Miss Newell. You're a master of malicious moves, even to your own family. You were fully aware that old Mr. Carter was your father-in-law, yet you still drove him to death. Your ruthlessness is something I truly admire." He laughed as he finished.
	Amy stood up and splashed the drink in her hand over Hadrian's face.
	Hadrian didn't see this coming at all. His expensive suit was fully in target.
	"You bitch! How dare you! I swear I'm gonna kill you!" Hadrian was ready to beat Amy up, but before he could make a move, Finnley came back from fetching food and saw what was happening, and immediately threw the plates in his hands to Hadrian.
	Right at that moment, Kingsley and Hadrian began their fight.
Chapter 299 A Test on Finnley's Talents
	Hadrian and Kingsley were fighting hard. Richard watched them from afar, having no intent to help. Andy couldn't watch it anymore, so he stepped up and pulled them apart together with Kevin and Bellamy.
	"What are you guys doing here? How can you do this to our guest?" City governors scolded Hadrian. Both of them looked like from a horror movie.
	"It's her! She splashed her drink on my suit!" Hadrian swiped the blood off his mouth corner and pointed to Amy.
	"You deserved it. A man who has no aim in life and only fool around all day long… even if she doesn't do you, I will." Kingsley saw no regret in Hadrian, so he wanted to let Finnley continue with his job of beating him. After all, his fighting techniques were just a little inferior than Finnley's.
	Hadrian understood he couldn't take any advantage from this situation, so he began making a scene here.
	"You people are all fooled by this whore! You know nothing about her past, and now you're all against me! Her own father-in-law died because of her, and then she pretended to have lost her memory… She's a bad person, thinking she's pretty and can manipulate anybody however she wants. She first married Richard Carter, and now… God knows what happened but she's hooked up with Mr. Newell. So now, you tell me, isn't she a whore or what?" Hadrian lashed out as if he was making a speech in the ballroom.
	"You son of a bitch!" Finnley couldn't hold back his anger any more. This man must be completely out of his mind! He raised his fists and threw them towards Hadrian.
	"OK, OK. Just think of him as a dog OK? When a dog bites you, you can't bite back, right? Let's go." Amy was over the peak of her anger and calmed down now.
	"Miss Newell, why should we let him go? People like him should be punished hard until he bends down" Finnley wasn't a man who liked to reason to begin with. Now that his own boss was insulted, how could he let it fly under his nose?
	"I'll just say one thing. You can take Hadrian Field's words however you want. Whatever I do, nobody gets to judge. What happened tonight ends here, now. " Amy was trying to drag Finnley away.
	"Are you scared now? Amy Newell, you lost everything when your father's company went bankrupt years ago. And now you're back on your feet, huh? What did you exchange for that? I'm sure we all know the answer." A few friends of Hadrian's were also booing behind.
	Amy didn't care to explain more. She kept on walking.
	"Miss Newell, I don't get it. Why are you afraid of him? Whether you've done things he said, we should teach him a lesson and beat him up. No need to reason with people like this." Finnley looked at Amy in confusion.
	He only seemed tall enough at 5'8'' when he stood next to Amy.
	"I don't want to make it bigger. I'm not afraid of him, but you don't have to explain everything. You know who you are, and that's enough." This was Amy's principle: be honest to yourself.
	Hearing this, Finnley sunk into silence. What Amy told him were things he used to disagree on all levels, but hearing them from a woman like Amy, he seemed to have changed his mind. He was the kind of person who saw only black and white and nothing in between. If anyone had the balls to come straight at him, he would respond with fists.
	"Let's go, Finnley. Thank you for today. Your plate of soup has made him quite the clown already." Amy expressed her gratitude to Finnley.
	"Don't mention that. I'm your assistant and I should've done better. I'm sorry for what happened today." The cynicism inside Finnley slowly receded.
	Finnley escorted Amy back to her home, and went on driving to his, which was only half an hour's drive from Amy's. This was the last place he wanted to be, because he felt so lonely in there.
	The house was getting near. He pulled over at the lawn, went out and sat down. He then took a cigarette out of his pocket and lit it up. The smoke, rising slowly in the air and blending into the moonlight, blurred his face every now and then.
	What he said about no need to work for money wasn't a boast. He truly had no shortage for money. What he lacked was a stage to exhibit what he got. The fact that he had to idle the days away agonized him.
	Fortunately a friend of his recommended him to the Newell Group. And since he started working for Amy, he felt like life was fuller, at least during daytime. In the evening his exhaustion made sure he could have an uninterrupted sleep through the night.
	After one cigarette, Finnley stood up and drove back home.
	"Miss Newell, the hotel you arranged for us is amazing! It has everything and everything is the best! It helps us so much at work. You know, the internet is really fast and powerful there!" Amy barely made it into the entrance of Dragon Hotel before her employees surged forward chattering nonstop.
	"Who's this?" Someone noticed the lady-like man behind Amy. If this was a man, he was a gorgeous-looking one; if this was a woman, her eyes were as cold as ice. Perhaps this was why he was such a head-turner.
	"This is my new assistant, Finnley. He's a badass. No matter what he does. Oh, Finnley, come and have a look at our design. What do you say?" Amy already went over the design, but she wanted to test Finnley.
	Finnley was surprised at Amy's trust. Although he's her assistant, but a rather fresh one. He wouldn't expect Amy to let him get in touch anything confidential.
	"I can read this?" Finnley wasn't completely sure.
	"Of course! You're working for the Newell Group and what's more, you're my assistant. So why can't you read it?" Amy said to Finnley, eyes full of trust.
	"OK, then I'll read it." Finnley took over the design. The rest of the people looked at Amy in worries: this guy was only with Newell for a few days and could already be shown the most secretive files?
	Finnley browsed through quickly within a little over 10 minutes.
	"The design is nice. Only a few details need to be altered." Finnley spoke honestly in return for Amy's trust.
	"Good. Then tonight you'll stay and work on this. Change the details and hand it in to me by tomorrow." Seeing that Finnley had pointed out the same problems as she did, Amy would very much like to see what Finnley would propose.
Chapter 300 You're All Outstanding Staff
	Amy asked Finnley to revise the plan. He said yes so as to improve his ability.
	After Amy left, Finnley, taking the draft, returned to his room and locked the door. He didn't answer the door whoever knocked it.
	The staff from HD Group and Newell Group got a little bit anxious. They worried that Finnley would ruin their fruit on which they spent a week. What worried them more was whether Finnley would take all the credit for the plan.
	Some reported what happened to Amy, but she asked them to leave him alone, so that he could intensively work on the plan.
	Finnley didn't leave the room until 9 o'clock in the next morning. Amy and the rest of the staff were waiting for him outside the room. Finnley stayed up all night, so he was so worn that he rubbed his eyes. Tiredness appeared in his face, however, made him look much more handsome.
	"I need to go home and change my clothes. I will come back and explain what I've revised to you after an hour." Finnley was so obsessive about cleanliness that he had to change his clothes on a daily basis.
	He walked out the door without waiting for Amy's approval.
	"Well, let's take a look at it first. You guys separate into two groups to check on different parts of the plan and write down what has been revised on notebooks." Amy delivered the order and handed out the draft.
	The staff found Finnley had highlighted where he had revised by using pens in different colors. And they confirmed that the parts he highlighted were where he had revised after contrasting with the original version.
	"Miss Newell, we have confirmed that the parts he highlighted are where he has revised." the staff reported after checking.
	"What do you think about it?" Amy started reading the draft.
	"We think it's not bad." they stammered. The parts that Finnley revised were exactly the loopholes of the original version.
	"Well, have a rest then. I assume you're exhausted too. I will hold a celebratory party for you. Moreover, you can have three days off." Amy said to the staff.
	"What about us?" the staff from HD Group asked.
	"It's just as the same as what Miss Newell said." Richard came in and said. Today was the day to examine the result, so he and Amy both came to Starway Hotel.
	"Nice! We can also take three days off." the staff from HD Group were about to jump when hearing they also had a vacation.
	"But the fruit that you produced must be examined by Miss Newell. You will get extra prizes if your work is good. You will get extra working hours if it's not good enough." Richard said to his staff.
	These words startled them. They started praying their fruit of a week could pass. They had no idea how many days they needed to work on it if it didn't pass.
	The staff kept silent and looked at Amy anxiously when she were reading the plan.
	She was reading the plan in no hurry. After finishing reading, she took a sip of tea without saying a word.
	The staff were so nervous that they felt like their hearts were stuck at their throats. ‘Does it pass or not?'
	"In my opinion, your plan..." Amy didn't finish her sentence but took another sip of tea, which made them more eager to know the answer.
	"Miss Newell, how about it exactly?" someone couldn't help asking.
	"Excellent. In my opinion, your plan is excellent. Everyone will have a big red envelope with prize money." The staff got thrilled when Amy said it.
	"Amazing! We can have both vacation and bonus. We can go shopping." the staff cheered.
	At the moment, Finnley, dressed in clean black clothes, came back. He had a similar habit with Amy that they both liked wearing black clothes.
	"Finnley, you did a good job in adding and revising, so you will get a red envelope too." Amy said to Finnley.
	"I will have one too?" Finnley was surprised. In his mind, he just corrected what was wrong. The thought of getting a prize had never come across his mind. But what he wanted was being acknowledged by Amy rather than the prize.
	"Of course, you're outstanding. All of you are outstanding." Then Amy suggested that everyone should stay here and have a rest, since she had already ordered people to prepare for tonight's celebratory party here.
	"Miss Newell, I don't need that red envelope. It's enough to make me happy that my work can be recognized by you." Finnley walked to Amy and whispered to her.
	"You deserve it. I know you don't need it since you born in a rich family. But it's more like a souvenir that you get from work." Amy explained the reason to him.
	Finnley accepted the explanation. ‘That's my first salary that I receive on my own hands. I should keep it as a souvenir.'
	"Who is the man next to Amy? He is so handsome." Hilary looked at Finnley and had a crush on him.
	"He is the new assistance that she newly hired. It's said that he has a PhD in finance. I know what Amy got. Newell Group will definitely go bankrupt under her leadership. Mr. Newell will kick her out if she doesn't find a helper." Allison told her what she knew.
	"I think I have a crush on him. I want to learn more about him." Hilary had turned thirty years old but she didn't achieve much.
	"You have your eyes on him? That guy is cold as ice. What are you like him about?" Allison was drinking coffee. She looked at Finnley through the glass. She was more into Richard, though Finnley was good-looking.
	"I think he's cool. That's what I like him about. Anyway, you said you were going to deal with Amy, but you haven't make any move yet." Allison had said that she was going to embarrass Amy, which suddenly passed through Hilary's mind.
	"No hurry. I need to make a plan. Well, I need you to give me a hand. Will you help me?" Allison darted a sly glance at Hilary. She hadn't let her guard down to Hilary.
	"OK. What is it? Just tell me. I will do it if I can. I must take revenge for my dad." Hilary gnashed her teeth and said.
	Allison didn't say a word but just watched people outside the cafe coming and going. There was white smoke coming out from the ground due to the high temperature. Though it was autumn, the heat was still like it was in summer.
	"Tell me, Allison. I will do whatever you ask." Hilary got anxious finding Allison only looking outside.
	"Lean over. Let me tell you." Allison whispered in her ear.
Chapter 301 Cooperation Foundered
	Hilary, holding a bunch of flowers and a paper sack, came up to Finnley as soon as he sat down on his chair.
	"Finnley, have you had breakfast yet? I bought you some. The steamed buns from the store I went to are very delicious." Hilary put down the sack on his desk.
	"Miss, I've had breakfast. Thank you." Finnley frowned. ‘Who is she? Why does she bring me a bunch of flowers? I'm allergic to them.'
	"Oh, well. It's OK. You can just throw it away. Where should I arrange the flowers?" Hilary was looking for a vase for the flowers she held in hand.
	"This office is full of men. The existence of a vase is impossible. You can leave them at the door. I don't like anything irrelevant with work on my desk." Finnley turned down her goodwill indifferently.
	Fabian and Otto was watching what was going on between them worriedly. ‘Doesn't he want to have a girlfriend? Although he is good-looking, it's insane to be so cold to a woman.
	Hilary found it was true that nothing was on Finnley's desk and it was clean and neat. ‘He is such a macho!'
	"OK, I will discard them if you don't like it. How masculine you are!" It was out of blue that Finnley's indifference increased Hilary's interests in him.
	Daria walked in and realized what was happening here. ‘What a love fool Hilary is. But I must say that she has good taste.
	Finnley was perfect in every aspect but being too thin. People would assume he was a sissy if he wasn't good at martial arts.
	Daria handed out the files that she brought to Finnley, Fabian and Otto respectively.
	Finnley started thinking how to send Hilary away as he received his files. He locked the files in the closet for secrecy first.
	Then, he said to Hilary with a poker face, "Miss, please leave if there's nothing else I can do for you. I'm going to start working."
	"Sure. My name is Hilary. Would you like to have a meal with me when you're free?" Leaving here was the last thing that Hilary wanted to do. She felt comfortable even just looking at this handsome guy.
	"It's so nice of you to invite me to have a meal. But I don't have time for it. Sorry. Please leave." Finnley's dislike for her could be told from his expression.
	Fabian and Otto traded glances with each other when hearing the name of Hilary. ‘Hilary, the daughter of the founder of HD Group?'
	"OK. Sure. I will leave you alone. You will gradually realize that I will treat you well in the days to come." Hilary left smilingly, thinking that there was much time for her to chase this man.
	Hilary was satisfied with talking with Finnley, even if he hadn't set eyes on her.
	Finnley immediately went to make tea for Amy after Hilary left. The three of them in the office all could make tea well, but Finnley was the best of them. And today it was his turn to make tea, do the cleaning and put files in order.
	Finnley began to clean the office after making tea. Amy had been in her office before Hilary came, so she saw it all.
	"Finnley, did the miss came here for you?" Amy asked him.
	"Yes." he didn't say much because he didn't take it as an honor being found by a woman in office hours.
	"She always can't make right decisions. And she's extremely wrong this time. Anyways, just send her away and ignore her." Amy's words confused Finnley, but he agreed with the part suggesting to send her away.
	After he meticulously cleaned Amy's office, Finnley set about putting files in order. He was the most effective in everything.
	"Finnley, how old are you?" Amy suddenly asked him when he was bustling about his work in her office.
	Finnley stopped sorting files and looked up at Amy. ‘Is it written in my resume?'
	"Thirty." Finnley answered. He guessed she forgot it because she was too busy.
	"You should find yourself a girlfriend since you have already been thirty." Amy sighed. Finnley was stunned. ‘What happened? Why is Miss Newell so sentimental today?'
	Amy didn't continued but stared at the sky through the window. White clouds spread out over the blue sky. No wind blew outside. It annoyed people though it was a bright day in autumn.
	‘Richard hasn't mentioned the cooperation even if the plan had been done. What does he plan for?'
	"Miss Newell, the files have been sorted out. Let me water the gardenia. It's in full bloom." Finnley had special fondness of the gardenia on her desk. He was the person that looked after it most.
	"OK. The tea tastes good. Did you learn how to make it from your family members or others?" Amy was drinking the tea Finnley made. The temperature was just right.
	"I learned from my mother. She loved making tea, but she had passed away." Finnley turned sad when mentioning his mother.
	"I'm sorry." Amy apologized for leading to his sore spot.
	"It's OK. It has been a long time. I've got used to it. She went off when I was a child. I should go." Finnley left since he had done the work here.
	While staring his slim figure, Amy was thinking about what he had been through. ‘I guess no one can live his live smoothly. Everyone has his own difficulties.'
	‘What has Richard been doing? A week has passed since the plan was made. He has said a word about it, although he gave his approval for it.'
	Amy couldn't wait anymore, so she called him.
	"Hello, Miss Newell. What can I do for you?" This number of Richard was only open to Amy.
	"Mr. Carter, the plan has been worked out. Do you have any advice on it? You can tell us, so we can improve it in time. It's autumn now. Rainfall is rare in this season. The work can start if everything is in place." Amy spoke out her thought.
	Richard went silent. Of course he knew the fact that the autumn was a suitable season for construction. However, he was one of the major shareholders of HD Group and he was going to invest in another project, so HD Group had a tight budget.
	Yet, Richard couldn't told Amy that the group was in financial strain. Richard had bragged about another project that he intended to invest in as if it would bring the group a flood of money, therefore, the board of directors all supported him.
	So the project worked with Amy had been laid aside. That was why he didn't mention a word about it.
Chapter 302 Start Working Independently
	"Hello? Please say something, Richard." Amy got anxious since Richard had been in silence for a while.
	"I have a meeting right now." Richard couldn't explain the situation to Amy properly, so he found an excuse to avoid the topic.
	"You..." Amy didn't finished her sentence while Richard's phone was dead.
	Richard tried to find the charger, but he couldn't find it.
	"Mr. Carter, we are waiting for you to voice your vote." a worker came in to ask Richard to join the meeting while he was going to give an explanation to Amy by using the telephone. The members in the board of directors had arrived. Today, they were going to vote on the resort project and the hypermarket project, both proposed by Richard.
	"OK, I'm coming." Richard grabbed his files and went to the meeting room.
	Amy was so upset that she called him again. But he couldn't be reached out both from his phone and the office telephone.
	‘Fine. I will do it myself if you don't want to cooperate with me.' Her anger boiled away soon.
	Amy reviewed the plan and then asked Finnley to budget the money so as to estimate how much capital was needed.
	Richard didn't convince other members at the meeting. Other members were friends with Halbert, so they voted against the project collaborated with Newell Group out of the reasons that Richard had done nothing to get revenge for Halbert and Newell Group was owned by the murderer of Halbert.
	"Richard, it's essential to win people's heart. I will get revenge for father since you don't." Jacob said to Richard crossly.
	Some members sighed when watching what was going on between the two brothers. Most of them left with Jacob.
	"Richard, every hero fails to pull through beauty pass. You should think about it." some offered advice to Richard.
	Richard had a face like a fiddle. Jacob had become the second largest shareholder only next to Richard after receiving the shares from Grandma Eva. Therefore, he had more say in decisions of the company. Besides, he had spread the saying that Richard was unwilling to get revenge for their father and established cooperation with the enemy. And the members of the board of directors bought it.
	So, Richard was in a difficult circumstance in the company.
	Richard came back home after work. He was both physically and mentally tired, which led to a fever in the midnight.
	He might have been dead if Cathy hadn't checked on him because of losing sleep.
	"Richard, are you back?" Cathyopened the door and found it was silent inside. Usually, she could hear the noise of the door when Richard came back from work. But she didn't hear any sound today, so that she came to see if her son returned home out of concern.
	She walked in the room and found Richard fell asleep without undressing. She tried to wake him up to undress.
	"Amy! Amy! Don't leave me." Richard suddenly grabbed Cathy. It startled her.
	She felt the hand grabbing her was hot. And then she touched his forehead which was also hot. In a hurry, she called the family doctor to treat him.
	Richard didn't recover until three days later. During the three days, he was befuddled. He kept seeing Amy was staring at him, but she was gone when he tried to reach her. He got into a flap, worrying that Amy would leave.
	He woke up finally when he held a hand. "Amy."
	Watching her son was suffering, Cathy was wet with tears. He didn't stop shouting Amy during the three days. Now he was holding her hand tightly.
	"Richard, it's me, your mom." Cathy said to her son.
	Richard opened his eyes, finding he was holding the hand of his mother, and felt disappointed.
	"Son, do you want me to call her if you miss her so much?" Cathy was heart-broken and couldn't bear to see his son in pain.
	"Never mind. She's probably mad at me now. I will explain to her when it's appropriate." Richard shook his head, telling his mother to stop worrying him.
	"Or maybe I go and bring Allen here." Cathy also missed her grandson.
	"Not now. I'm afraid that he will be infected by me." Richard shook his head again. He was concerned about Allen's health.
	"Well then, you have a rest. Hope you recover from the illness soon." Cathy wiped the tears. She couldn't figured out why Richard and Amy had to break up even though they loved each other and why they couldn't be together.
	..................
	"Fabian, do me a favor. Please check who had been to 1808 Room in Hermosa Hotel on August 12th seven years ago." Amy asked Fabian who majored in reconnaissance to help her.
	"Yes, madam. I will complete the mission." Fabian was interested in it. He had been longing for reconnoitering on his own. He used to reconnoiter under the lead of his adviser when he was an intern in an armed police forces.
	"I'll give you three months to figure it out, since it happened a long time ago." Amy said to him.
	Then, he started working, leaving Finnley and Otto budgeting the money.
	They worked out the budget after days of extra working. They were exhausted.
	"Miss Newell, we have budgeted the money. Please take a look and see if there's anything needed to add in." Finnley, with his black-ringed eyes, said to Amy.
	"Why aren't you listening to me? I told you you have fifteen days to work on it, but you still finished it by doing extra work. Can't you care more about your health?" Amy slapped the budget file down on the desk.
	Looking at Finnley's withered face, she guessed Otto must be the same. All she wanted was that the staff worked dedicatedly, instead of working at cost of their health.
	"Miss Newell, I'm a heady person. I can't sleep if I don't finish the task. Only can I rest assured when it's done. Finnley was embarrassed, because he didn't mean to have Otto working extra hours with him.
	"Forget it. Go home and get your sleep out. I will go for you two if there's any problem." Amy felt sore for him.
	"OK. I'm going home to take a shower and change clothes. Call me if you need me." Finnley was desperate for a shower, though he was fatigued.
	After he left, Amy started reading the budget plan produced by Finnely and Otto. she found it detailed. They had considered every part of the project.
	Amy thought she could undertake the project on her own as she read the total budget. She was confident in the plan.
	"Daria, ask the financial department to prepare materials for loans and the construction department to purchase construction materials." Amy called her secretariat and gave orders to every department concerned preparing for the construction.
Chapter 303 Conspiracy
	"Amy, I want to have a word with you." Just as Richard's fever was gone and he felt better, he remembered the day Amy called him and said something to him. He had not explained to Amy.
	"Mr. Carter, please say what you have to say. I'm busy." Amy looked at her watch and said to Richard.
	"You called me that day..." Richard was speaking when Amy's phone rang.
	"Well, it doesn't matter. Mr. Carter, I do understand. I've decided not to work with you on that project. I can do it myself. When you are free, let's go to make it clear to the vice mayor. We will repeal the last agreement and I will sign it again. By the way, I have things to do now. Excuse me." Amy finished speaking and walked aside to answer the phone.
	Hearing that Amy had decided not to work with him, Richard felt relieved. He thought it might be the best. Anyway, the board of directors of HD Group did not pass his plan.
	"I am free tomorrow. So, let's do it at 3:00 pm." Seeing that Amy was quite busy, Richard didn't explain anything further and left.
	After Amy answered the phone and returned to her seat again, she found that Richard had already left. But Amy heard what he said just now. So, he fooled her like this. Amy had thought Richard really believed in her. It seemed that she was too naive.
	In a deserted house, the dim light stretched shadow long. A man in black with a veil was talking to the other man.
	"How is Dalton?" the man in black asked the other man.
	"He has been discharged from the hospital. But he's still recovering in France and won't return home recently." The other party answered.
	"Good. We've been laying out for so long. It's time to pull in the net." The man in black thought for a moment and said. He said the plan to the other man, who kept nodding.
	A gust of wind blew, lifting the robe of the man in black. The robe was floating in the dark, as if a devil were showing his power.
	...
	"Matt, you seem to still love Amy now?" Allison made an appointment with Matt.
	"Mrs. Philip, are you joking? Miss Newell is the boss of the Newell Group, not someone people from a small group like me can dream of." Matt looked at Allison, who was wearing delicate makeup.
	Allison was beautiful. She had delicate features and was perfectly proportioned. She hadn't had a baby yet. Besides, she had practiced ballet since childhood. So, she looked elegant and charming.
	But even if she was beautiful and elegant, Matt still thought she was a bitch. Amy was much better than her. She rarely wore such strong make-up. A light makeup could make her stunning.
	"Come on, Matt. Do you think I don't know what's in your mind? You worked with Amy even if you had to suffer a loss. Don't lie to me. I can get Amy back to you, as long as you do one thing for me." Allison said to Matt.
	Matt sipped his coffee and studied Allison. He knew well that Allison had a grudge against Amy. She was trying to use him to get revenge on Amy. So should he be willing to be used by her?
	"How's that? The coffee is not bad, right? This cup of coffee is bitter with an aroma. It has aftertaste. Isn't this the life you like? It doesn't matter if you miss Amy. You can get her back." Allison winked at Matt.
	"Mrs. Philip, you are getting more and more charming, and even attract me. I am interested in your idea. What can I do for you?" Matt laughed. This woman was really poisonous. He couldn't compare with her.
	Matt's hands were indecently touching Allison's bare thighs, and he was looking at Allison's plump breasts.
	Matt's gaze disgusted Allison. But to achieve her goal, she did not stop him.
	"Come here, and I'll tell you." Allison then boldly took Matt's head into her arms and let him feel her soft breasts.
	Out of the cafe, Matt and Allison separated. They had reached a consensus. Matt got into his car and looked at the women passing by on the street, as if they were Amy.
	He thought to himself, "Amy, you are mine and will be mine forever. I will make you please me under my body and make you know how charming I am!"
	Ambiguous sounds came from the large bedroom. The clothes were scattered all over the floor. There were two people on the big bed.
	"Jacob, you're so great." The woman's voice was so sweet that it fascinated Jacob.
	"Allison, you're great too. I love you. I'll love you forever. I'd like to do anything for you." Jacob moved. He was finally with the woman he loved, which was something he had dreamed of.
	"Jacob, I know you really love me. I love you too. Come on." Allison's voice was not as pure as usual and full of sexy, making Jacob stronger.
	After sex, Jacob took Allison in his arms, as if he was afraid she would disappear again.
	"Allison, is it true? I can't even believe it." Jacob felt that the surprise came so suddenly that he couldn't believe it.
	Allison pinched him. He felt the pain and let out a low cry.
	Allison drew circles on Jacob's chest. She was not interested in Jacob at all. But she had to use him now to achieve her goal.
	"Allison, I've done what you said. I've bought some shareholders' shares. Now, I hold as many shares as Richard." Jacob showed loyalty to Allison.
	"Good. My Jacob is the best. You have done everything you are told very well. Let me reward you a kiss." Allison kissed Jacob on his cheek.
	"That's not enough." Jacob lifted Allison's head up and kissed her.
	They were ignited once again. In fact, it was Jacob who was ignited. He had not touched women for a long time. He had been busy for Allison's sake. He had been waiting for Allison's reward and wanted to satisfy himself.
	Allison was indifferent at first. But after being teased by Jacob, she was also excited. She did not care who she slept with. She could even serve Philip. Anyway, Jacob was better than the 60-year-old old man. So, Allison did not resist and slept with Jacob.
Chapter 304 The Position of HD Group's President
	"Amy, why don't you tell me the good thing? How can you pocket it without sharing with me?" Andy walked into Amy's office with a paper bag.
	"Andy, what brings you here?" Amy was surprised. Andy was transferred to the headquarters of SR Company before. She didn't expect him to appear in her office at this time.
	"Everything is ready except one key element, right? That is why I come here." Andy put the things he brought for Amy in front of her, walked to the sofa and sat down.
	"Miss Newell, the tea is ready." Finnley came in with the tea and placed it on Amy's table.
	"Well, thanks. Please leave us here." Amy said to Finnley.
	Finnley was sensible and then went out. His expression never changed, making people feel as if he was like an ice.
	"Amy, how is your new assistants? I think this young man is smart, but a bit sissy." Andy said to Amy.
	"Maybe he is too beautiful. So, people always feel he is a girl. The other two are very strong." Amy said with a smile.
	A lot of people felt that Finnley was too sissy. But it did not matter. Amy did not care about it, as long as he was capable.
	"It is okay as long as they work hard. Don't care too much. By the way, I directly come to you after getting off the plane today. Those are the chocolates you like." Andy said to Amy. He went to SR Company, heard about what happened to Amy, and quickly came back regardless of everything.
	"Thanks, Andy. I think you're my best friend." Amy said.
	Andy looked at Amy. She had been like this since she was a child. She always bore everything silently and never asked anyone for help. Andy had known Richard withdrew his investment in the resort project.
	Amy decided to invest the project alone. It was risky. If anything went wrong, Amy could only bear the consequences alone. The vice mayor had also considered this at that time. So, he hoped Amy and Richard to cooperate with each other.
	"Amy, you have the opportunity to make a big profit, but do not tell me. I am sad." Andy said.
	"Come on, Andy. Don't say that. How will I do this? I'm not sure about this investment. I think that place is nice. But it depends on the tourists." Amy explained to Andy.
	"I don't care. I think you have an infallible eye and trust you. I will share the investment with you." Andy was perverse, but Amy knew his kindness.
	"Andy, although this is a big investment, I can't get money back in the short term. I intend to make a long term investment." Amy did not want to drag Andy into the mire. Richard had quit the project. It could be seen how risky the investment was. Amy just felt wronged and must succeed.
	"Amy, I'm a money-mad. I just have some money and want to invest in your project. This is not an investment of SR Company, but my own investment. Please keep it secret for me. I don't want to reveal my wealth." Andy made a gesture to Amy.
	Andy's intention was obvious. He intended to finance Amy and help her share the risk.
	"Andy, thank you." Amy knew what Andy meant. She did not say anything else, but just thanked him. In a critical time, Andy was the most reliable.
	"Mr. Carter, I have found out that Jacob has bought some shareholders' shares at a high price secretly. Now, his shares are as many as yours." A man in black was reporting to Richard.
	"OK, I see." Richard had guessed it.
	"Mr. Carter, should we take action?" the man in black asked Richard.
	"Not for now. The more incompetent we are at this time, the more complacent the man behind the scene will be, and the sooner they will be exposed. Then, we will be in the dark. Just wait a little longer and let me know immediately if there is anything." Richard ordered the man in black.
	"Yes. I've asked someone to watch them." With that, the man disappeared.
	Richard felt a storm was coming. He was ready to go to war at any time.
	At the board meeting of HD Group, Richard sat there, listening to the board members arguing.
	Some people supported Richard, while many more supported Jacob. So, the two groups were engaged in a brawl.
	"Richard, please persuade your stubborn men. This project is so good. Why are they not satisfied? Even if we have to vote, there are only a small number of people who support you. My project will finally pass. There is no need to quarrel." Jacob looked triumphant.
	Jacob also had everything Richard had now. "It is still unsure who owns the HD Group. Richard, you will be driven out of the HD Group soon. I'll let you know what it's like to be a lost dog."
	Jacob thought to himself proudly. When he looked at Richard, his eyes were filled with pity.
	"Jacob, I don't think your project is good. I have reservations about it. If they all don't agree, they may withdraw their shares from HD Group. At that time, you won't have so much money to give them." Richard reminded Jacob. Although they held the most shares, the other people's shares were also a lot. Jacob could not have so much money at once.
	"Are you threatening me? Let me tell you, Richard, HD Group can run normally without you, and even run better. Do you think you are great?" Jacob was angry. He had been suppressed by Richard and had been annoyed inside. Now that his grandmother gave him shares, and he inherited Halbert's shares and also bought shares from other shareholders, he felt he could fight with Richard.
	"Then let's wait and see. Jacob, it is not easy to be the president of HD Group." Richard looked at the two groups that were still arguing, got up, and directly left.
	"Why are you so arrogant? You are just a mistress' child. You get what you have now, because your mother is favored. Do you think it's because you are capable? I will be the president of HD Group, and let's see if I can do it well!" Jacob said fiercely to Richard's back.
Chapter 305: The Turbulent HD Group
	Due to Andy's investment, Amy was more energetic. The project had started and she had gone to see it a few times. Seeing the workers on the construction site working in full swing, she felt a sense of achievement.
	Amy has been busy with her own business, and did not notice that HD Group had change a lot. Richard and Jacob had fallen out due to their disagreement.
	"Jacob, why are you making trouble with me? Just rely on the shares grandmother gave to you?" Richard looked at Jacob, who was sitting opposite.
	Jacob crossed his legs and leaned back on the sofa, looking at Richard with disdain.
	He always felt that Cathy had stolen his father. So, he thought Richard was the child of a mistress.
	"Why? Because I'm the eldest son of the Carter family! Richard, don't think you can be lawless because your mother became the hostess of the Carter family. I am a member of the family. Since your mother is favored, then you guys want to drove us away? Stop dreaming. In the Carter family, I still have a say. HD Group is not yours own." Jacob had already prepared his lines. He wanted to annoy Richard and make him furious, so that the other board members could see Richard's true face.
	"HD Group is never mine own. It belongs to everyone and all the shareholders. I haven't made any decisions without permission. All my decisions have been approved by the board. You can check it." Richard said to Jacob. He was not angry at all. He knew Jacob's purpose.
	"It is said that the wheel of fortune will swing round again. Dad was partial to you before and gave you more shares. But now, it is different. I hold as many shares as you do. So, we can now re-elect the president. The one who gets the most votes wins." Jacob finally revealed his purpose.
	"HD Group belongs to everyone. You can't make such a decision casually. Everyone wants to live a good life relying on dividends. Jacob, you had been president before. But how was your performance?" Richard directly touched Jacob's sore spot. Jacob and William had made HD Group a mess that year. Finally, Halbert asked Richard to save the situation.
	Halbert had given his three sons equal opportunities. Whoever could improve the performance of HD Group by 2% could take over HD Group, and also have 20% shares.
	Jacob and William had tried, but both failed.
	So, Richard naturally became the president of HD Group.
	But now, Jacob was restless and about to make trouble. He was egged on by Allison and felt that he was not incompetent, but ignored.
	"It's different now. Everyone has been young and ignorant. I have been in the branch for so many years and is well-experienced. So, I think I am competent in this position now." Jacob said confidently.
	"Good. Then let the board re-elect in a month." Richard also left himself enough time.
	"That's a deal. I'll go prepare for it." Jacob was relieved to hear that Richard agreed. He had thought Richard would not agree. After all, the president was a good job, which had many dividends every year. He had been jealous for a long time, but was not qualified for the position.
	Since Allison was with him, he was now powerful and lived well. Allison was really his goddess.
	Richard saw Jacob leave happily, and started his own plans.
	Jacob was not idle either and began his plan. He went to persuade the shareholders, saying that Richard was so rich that he would not care about them and run the company to make more money. He promised that if he became the president, he would take everyone to get rich.
	Some people listened to him, but some people did not take him seriously. Then, Jacob tried his best to make things difficult for those shareholders, and then forced them to sold their shares. For a moment, people in HD Group were in panic. Many people sold their shares to Jacob at a high price because they were afraid of Jacob making trouble.
	Looking at the shares he acquired, Jacob smiled. Was it necessary to re-elect now? He already held more shares than Richard did. He was now the one holding the most shares in HD Group. He was the president, the chairman!
	"Allison, look, I am also talented, right? I just resorted to both mild and severe measures. Then those old stubborn men had no choice but to sell their shares to me. Although it spent much money, I succeed. When I become the president of the HD Group, can you marry me? I miss you so much. " Jacob touched Allison's face. He had succeeded and was qualified to marry Allison.
	"We have not succeeded yet. You have to take revenge. It is just the first step for you to become the president of HD Group. You have to drive Amy out of R City, or make her have no place in R City. That is your goal. When you achieve it, I will divorce Philip and marry you!" Allison kissed Jacob on his cheeks.
	For those old stubborn men in HD Group, Allison had heard that they had been upset after knowing Halbert was dead. It was a war between the two brothers this time. So, they would definitely try to avoid getting involved in it.
	"Allison, I want you." Jacob could not help but get excited while seeing Allison's body under the revealing clothing.
	"Come on. Don't be so anxious. When all things are done, I will be yours. You can do whatever you want to me, okay? Now, we have to restrain." Allison did not love Jacob. He was just a pawn. She could just give him what he wanted once, but could not satisfy him all the time, or he would not have motivation to work for her anymore.
	"OK. I won't let you down, Allison. I will get you and make you my wife!" After getting what he wanted once, Jacob was obsessed with Allison's body.
	"Then I'll wait for you to marry me. I also want to spend my life with you. But I don't want you to have resentment in your heart all the time. When you get revenge and your career is stable, I'll marry you. I will be with you all my life." Allison encouraged Jacob, making Jacob excited.
Chapter 306 Finnley's Investment
	"Miss Newell, I have something to discuss with you," said Finnley. After helping Amy do the cleaning, he didn't go out.
	"What is it?" asked Amy. She was preparing loan materials. Although Andy invested an amount of money, easing her financial burden slightly, she still lacked money for that great resort which would cost a huge amount of money.
	"The case is that I happen to have some extra money, which is intended for investment. Since I participate in the planning of this project and I think it is promising, I want to invest in it. What do you think of my opinion? Will you allow me to invest money in it?" asked Finnley.
	Hearing his words, Amy put the pen down and looked at Finnley. She knew that his family was rich but she never thought it was wealthy to that extent.
	"You want to invest? How much do you want to invest" asked Amy. She looked at him with new eyes.
	"It is a large resort equipped with various facilities and large-scale shopping center. With removal compensation, this project deserves a billion. I know Andy has invested 100 million. I will invest 100 million, too. All I want is to make some money and lead an affluent life," said Finnley with no hesitation.
	Amy was reading the loan materials for 100 million when Andy gave such a generous offer.
	"You are going to invest 100 billion in this project?" asked Amy with surprise.
	"Yes, that is true," he insisted.
	"I can't believe you are that rich. It's beyond my expectation!" Amy stood up and walked towards Finnley, who was half a head taller than her.
	"I have always told you that I am wealthy. As for this, I am never a modest man," said he coldly. His words, however, was funny to Amy. She thought he was very interesting.
	"You invest 100 million for you know how much I need. But if this project failed, your money would go completely to waste," she warned him.
	"It doesn't matter. 100 million means nothing to me," said Finnley. This made Amy feel that he was a diamond in the rough.
	"Since you are wealthy, why on earth do you come here to work for me?" Amy asked. One in such a wealthy family is supposed to work for his own company, especially for a rare talent like Finnley.
	"I don't have any sense of achievement because no one in the family acknowledges me. But when I'm with you, even as an assistant, I feel very happy. I'm delighted to work as an ordinary staff." Finnley shared his inner feelings with her.
	Whatever he did at home, he was considered to have an ulterior motive. He was very tired of people's misunderstanding. He was a well-educated man but all of his talents were about to go to waste. Fortunately, he met Amy and it was a good opportunity to learn from her.
	"Alright, you can work for me for a time and I will give some instructions. When the time comes, you can go back. If you failed to have a place in your family's company, you can build your own company. You will exceed many companies in terms of your capability and talent," said Amy. She appreciated his knowledge and courage and deemed him as a special talent who would be successful one day.
	"That sounds great. How come such a good idea doesn't come upon me? Since my family doesn't recognize me, I can build a company that I am interested in and run it by myself!" said Finnley. Suddenly it clicked--he could build a company himself. Before communicating with Amy, he had never thought of this method and even planned to go back when he got more experience.
	"Why not? You have plenty of money to build your own company. And I can help you. By the way, what kind of company do you prefer?" asked Amy.
	"There is nothing I prefer now. I will think about it later and tell you about it. But this time, I will invest in this resort because I like it very much." said Finnley.
	"OK, since you insist, I accept your investment. After discussing some details, we will go through formalities. Your bonus will be the same as Andy's. Let's sign the contract this afternoon and you still have some time to think about it carefully," said Amy. She was also straightforward. She considered this project promising. Although it cost a lot of money, the benefits vastly outweighed the costs.
	"There is no need to consider. This idea occurred to me the day when I revised the plan, but I am afraid that you don't agree. Since you need money now, I make this proposal," said Finnley. Then it suddenly occurred to him that he hadn't made tea for Amy.
	"I haven't made tea for you. Please wait for a second," said Finnley. Then he ran out quickly.
	Amy put the loan materials away and asked her staff to investigate Finnley because he seemed to have some marvelous experiences.
	Finnley signed the contract readily in the afternoon. Soon after that, 100 billion was given to the Newell Group.
	The adequate funding dissipated Amy's worries.
	"Amy, I bought some purple mangosteen. I know you like fruit so I bring it to you," said Dexter. He went upstairs with a basket of fresh mangosteen in his hand and walked towards Amy's office.
	"Wow, my great painter, you are so considerate to bring my favorite fruit. Were you extorted when buying it?" asked Amy. She saw the fruit was really fresh.
	"I don't know. I just asked the price and bought it. I forgot to bargain," said Dexter. He rubbed his head. The word 'bargain' was not in his vocabulary.
	"How much is it per kilogram?" asked Amy. She took one and peeled it off. It was sweet.
	"Fifty," said Dexter. Amy was shocked by such a high price.
	Looking at famous bands all over him and his innocent look, Amy thought only the fool wouldn't blackmail him.
	"Is it expensive?" asked he nervously. He rarely bought things and sometimes just bought in the supermarket where the prices were all fixed. He happened to see mangosteen sold in a small fruit trolley today which looked good, so he bought it.
	"That is hard to say. Maybe this is better than others. We usually buy it at the price of 15," Amy told him the truth.
Chapter 307 Dexter and Finnley Met for the First Time
	Amy told Dexter the common price of mangosteen. He was totally shocked. He was so stupid to be ripped off for so much money.
	"Luckily, it tastes good," said Amy. She could do nothing but comfort him, who was ethereal and lived in his artistic world.
	Dexter knew she was comforting him but he didn't mind it at all. It meant nothing to him to be cheated once.
	When they two enjoyed the mangosteen and chatted happily, Finnley came to hand in some documents. At the sight of mangosteen, his eyes gleamed.
	"Mangosteen? It looks delicious. It must be expensive," said Finnley. His favorite fruit was mangosteen.
	"Ah, of course. Come and eat some. There are so many. I am afraid that they will go bad," said Amy. She signed to him to eat some.
	With no courtesy, Finnley took a mangosteen and peeled it off. The white and tender pulp looked attractive. He started relishing his favorite fruit.
	While eating, he took a look at Dexter. He speculated that he majored in art because there was an artistic air about him and he was nice-looking to the extent that even Finnley wanted to fix his eyes on him.
	"Hello, I am Dexter, Amy's brother. Nice to meet you," said Dexter. He took a glance at Finnley. He was so nice-looking that Dexter didn't know how to describe his beauty.
	They began chatting with each other happily. Amy was surprised that they two emotionless people could share the same opinion and feeling.
	Finnley ate half of all the mangosteen quickly and went out to work.
	"Eat more. There are still a lot left," said Amy to Finnley.
	"I cannot eat any more. It is so acid that I can't have dinner if I eat more. Thank you for your mangosteen. Will you come tomorrow? I can bring you some chocolate," said Finnley to Dexter. He didn't like sweet food except chocolate.
	Amy wanted to tell Finnley that Dexter hardly came here to see her. It was an exception today. He was always busy. But before she said that, Dexter agreed.
	"There is something to deal with so I will come here tomorrow. Then I will wait for your chocolate," said Dexter with a smile.
	Finnley was as indifferent as before. He nodded and went out. Dexter watched him leaving, wearing a smile on his face.
	"Dexter, you like chocolate?" asked Amy. He used to dislike sweet food, especially chocolate.
	"Everything is worth trying in case my future girlfriend likes it. I can eat with her," said Dexter. His reason was so correct that Amy approved him.
	After Finnley left, Dexter wanted to leave, too. It occurred to him that he should visit his sister today. Now he had to go back to school. His apartment was also within school in R City. He rarely went home.
	"Won't you go home today? Do you want me to prepare some food you like?" said Amy. She looked at her brother worriedly. He usually took his students to sketch outside and also took some excellent kids to participate in exhibit. In the university, he had a lot of fans and many students admired him.
	Amy did a quick calculation. Dexter was 25 years old now. He should have a girlfriend, but in her heart, he was still a child.
	"Don't bother. I have something to do later. I need to select some paintings for the exhibit, which will be held the day after tomorrow. I am very busy these days," said Dexter. He liked the food made by his sister, but he had no time to eat that.
	"Fine, you can come back after you finish your work. I will cook your favorite dishes," said Amy.
	"OK, I will come back tomorrow. I want to eat spicy diced chicken," said Dexter. His favorite food was spicy diced chicken but he never ate pepper in France. After staying with Amy who had an extreme taste for spicy food, he fell in love it.
	"Alright, we will come back tomorrow and I will make spicy diced chicken for you," said Amy. She hadn't cooked for a long time because she was very busy recently.
	After Dexter left, Amy got busy again. She had established cooperative relationship with several companies these days, which were introduced by Philip. These activities put her in a rush. After she investigated those companies, she found that all of them were powerful. Therefore, she worked readily and briskly.
	When it was time to get off work, Andy called her. This reminded her of their appointment. She patted her head and felt remorse that she had forgotten to have dinner with him.
	When she answered the call, Andy arrived at the company. He asked her to leave now.
	Amy made her table tidy and went to the rest room to change clothes. She wore a black dress, which was simple and elegant and flattered her figure.
	She ran her fingers through her hair and put on lipstick to the mirror. Her skin was fair and tender so she hadn't to apply anything else.
	Finnley saw her coming out, ran towards her in a hurry and asked whether she needed his company. Amy shook her hands and said he could get off work.
	"Hello, beautiful lady. Will you please come with me?" said Andy with a box in his hand. It was the gift for Amy.
	"Of course. It's my pleasure to have such a handsome gentlemen drive for me," said Amy. She took the gift and opened it. It was a meat pie. Definitely, Andy knew her well.
	Having eaten up the meat pie, Amy didn't feel that hungry. She always felt hungry in the afternoon. When Richard was her assistant, he would put some snacks in the drawer. But after Richard left her, she gradually forgot this thing.
	She suddenly missed the days when she was with Richard. Every time she thought of him, she hated how she looked. She was such a failure to be unable to forget this ingrate.
Chapter 308 Parting with Grandma Laura
	"Amy, I heard that you are very busy recently. It seems that Philip introduced you to a lot of American businessmen. Have you investigated them?" After drinking a few drinks, Andy asked.
	"Yes. The survey shows that they are all reliable enterprises. I also asked my friends in America to verify it and they told me that these enterprises are reliable," said Amy. She knew that Andy made a concerted effort for her, but she also made a detailed investigation. The total number of contracts this time was more than ten billion, so she would be very careful.
	"Well, we have only heard of Philip and had no interaction with him before. You'd better be careful. You have established cooperative relationship with so many companies that I think this is too good to be true," said Andy. He felt there seemed something was wrong.
	"I want to make some achievements to show that I don't rely on Mr. Newell completely. I have the ability to make it," said Amy. She was in a hurry to succeed for it was said that she worked for Mr. Newell not because of her own efforts or capability but because of luck and she benefited from Mr. Newell. Therefore, she was defiant and wanted to show her capability.
	"Fine. You just be careful. It is my birthday today and I want a gift from you," said Andy.
	Amy was taken aback by his words. She never thought that it was his birthday today. She was too busy to keep it in mind.
	"Andy, I am so sorry to have forgotten your birthday. What gift do you want?" asked Amy with an apology in her heart.
	"I want you to go with me to a place to meet someone. That's the gift I want," said Andy.
	Amy felt sorry to forget his birthday, so she consented to his request.
	They had a good time having dinner together. Andy always helped her in silence so she appreciated him very much.
	It was not very late after dinner. Andy took her to a place.
	Amy kept asking him whom they were going to see but got no answer from Andy, who wanted to maintain a sense of mystery.
	Amy followed Andy to the house. The room inside was tidy and there was no one here.
	"Come with me. She's in the garden," said Andy to Amy.
	"Amy, you are here! How do you know that my grandmother has come?" asked Hannah. She was so surprised to see Amy and threw herself into Amy's arms.
	"Amy, can you recognize me?" said Grandma Laura. Wearing grey hair, she stood among a cluster of flowers. Although at her age, she was still in a good spirit and always seemed amiable.
	"Grandma Laura?" said Amy. She couldn't believe she could meet Grandma Laura again. It had been twenty years since she last met her.
	"I am so lucky that you still remember me. You have grown up and become beautiful. Good girl," said Grandma Laura. She unfolded her arms, preparing for a zealous hug.
	"Grandma Laura, you return to China?" Amy was very excited. In her childhood, Grandma Laura loved her most. She left everything good to her.
	"Yes, it's time to go home. East, west, home is the best. Andy told he would give me a big surprise. I never thought it would be you. That is indeed a big surprise!" said Grandma Laura. She always hoped that Amy could be Andy's girlfriend but with the passing of time, everything had changed. There was no destiny that tied them together.
	"Grandma Laura, I miss you so much," said Amy. She threw herself into Grandma Laura's arms. She was so excited to meet Grandma Laura again.
	"I miss you, too. You all have grown up and I have grown old. How is everything going, my dear," asked Grandma Laura. She held Amy tightly. She was so happy to come back again.
	"Alright, let's go inside. It is windy outside," said Hannah. Since it was late at night with wind chill hovering around, she worried about Grandma Laura.
	"OK, let's get in. Amy, don't leave tonight. I miss you so much. You can stay here and accompany me tonight," said Grandma Laura. She held Amy's hands tightly and was not willing to let them go.
	"Alright, I will call my family to tell them I won't go home tonight. I stay here with you," said Amy. Then she called the family and asked Allen to sleep with the nanny.
	"In those years, Amy was the youngest one and the most beautiful kid. She always followed with Andy and played with him so we all thought they two would get married in the future!" said Grandma Laura. She was so happy that she spoke all her thoughts.
	The room was suddenly with an air of embarrassment.
	"However, you are so lucky. Whoever marries you will live a happy life," said Grandma Laura to Amy. She wanted to say something to rectify the awkward situation.
	"You all have grown up. Amy and Hannah have been married. Andy, you are the oldest. Why haven't you got married yet? I am waiting for my great-grandson," said Grandma Laura to Andy. Looking at her grandson, she thought he was such an excellent person and he must still love Amy. But that was impossible now. He should rearrange his life.
	"Grandma Laura, my brother already has a kid now. You don't have to worry about me. There are already four generations under the same roof," said Andy. He never thought she aimed at him.
	"Grandma, your words make sense. He is in his 30s but isn't in a hurry at all to find a girlfriend. He will become an old man in a few years," said Hannah to Grandma Laura.
	"Man should focus on his career. Besides, it is meaningless to find a person you don't love," said Andy while looking at Amy.
	Amy didn't raise her head. She didn't know what to say. Although she wished to marry with Andy in her childhood, he had left for a long time without any interaction with her. She never knew his intention. Let bygones be bygones. They could never go back to the way they were before.
	"Oh, I have made some sticky rice with brown sugar that Amy likes best. I intend to let Andy give it to you in his spare time tomorrow. Since you are here, you can take it out and eat right now. Look whether the level of my skill degrades or not," said Grandma Laura. She dispelled the air of embarrassment.
	Amy was really full but she was appreciated that Grandma Laura could help remove the embarrassment.
	The white sticky rice lay on the plate like jade, strewn all over with brown sugar and bean paste. It looked delicious.
	"It has been a long time since I last ate the sticky rice by Grandma Laura. I will relish it to the full today," said Hannah while handing a fork to Amy.
Chapter 309 The Warning of Kingsley
	The taste and people remained the same but gone were the days when they were children. The passage of time always made people sorrowful.
	"Amy, what do you think? Does it taste the same as your childhood?" asked Grandma Laura amiably.
	"Yes, it tastes the same as the flavor of my childhood. You are good at cooking," said Amy with a sweet voice.
	"That's nice," said Grandma Laura. She looked at the three children, which brought her mind to the past when they were all little kids.
	"Andy, Andy, wait for me," yelled Amy. At that time, Amy was three years old and had a little baby fat. She was very pretty.
	She ran after four-year-old Hannah and ten-year-old Andy, panting slightly.
	Hearing her voice, Andy turned back and found that Amy followed them. He went back, picked her up and continued to walk forward.
	At that time, wherever Andy went, he would be followed by two pretty girls, which made boys envy him.
	Although the two girls were still beautiful, they would never follow Andy like before.
	At night, Amy and Hannah slept with Grandma Laura. They had talked for a long time for they were parted for several decades. How many decades were there in one's life?
	After Grandma Laura had fallen asleep, they two left her room.
	When they went to the living room, Andy didn't sleep and watched TV there.
	"Thanking you for coming here. Grandma Laura was in bad health and she waited for death now. She wished to see me to get married but it was impossible. It was so hard to find a person that I truly love," said Andy.
	It was true. The wish of Grandma Laura sounded simple but it was actually difficult to achieve.
	They three talked for a while in the living room and then went back to sleep.
	Being tired all day, they fell into a dream quickly.
	The next day when Andy and Amy went out together, they didn't notice that they had been photographed secretly all the way.
	When Andy drove Amy to the Newell Group, Kingsley stood there waiting for Amy.
	Seeing Amy, Kingsley was as excited as a baby who saw its mother.
	"Amy, there you are, good! I have waited for you for so long," said Kingsley. He walked towards her.
	"Kingsley, what I can do you for you?" said Amy. She was surprised that Kingsley came to her company to see her. She didn't have any good impression of this playboy.
	"Let's go up to the office. I can talk with you slowly," said Kinsley.
	"OK, go ahead please," said Amy. Although she didn't like him, his family was the richest in DL City. Therefore, she had to show her kindness to him.
	"Let's go," said Kingsley. He insinuated his hand under Amy's arms. Luckily, Amy avoided it nimbly.
	"You go first, please," said Amy. She moved back her body slightly.
	Kingsley failed to hold her hand but he didn't care about it because he was thick-skinned.
	"Lady first. It is not polite to go before you," said Kingsley cheerfully.
	Amy didn't want to respond to her so she went before him. Kingsley went after her silently this time.
	Amy had a slim figure and long legs. Although she was not very tall, she had a shapely body.
	Kingsley kept appreciating her figure so that he almost crashed into her. Luckily, he responded quickly, walking into the elevator.
	"Amy, I think this elevator should be arranged more beautifully. You are a girl. There should be pink handrails and a mirror or something like that," suggested Kingsley. In his opinion, women liked all showy things.
	"I don't like that. I prefer simple things," Amy interrupted him. He was so noisy and Amy didn't like a single word from his mouth. She came here for work not for the stupid things he said.
	"I don't like that. I also prefer the simple things," said Kingsley. He changed quickly.
	Amy had enough of him. Whatever she said, he could find some topics to talk with her.
	They two arrived at the office. Amy walked into it first and Kingley followed her. Then, they sat separately.
	Finnley was cleaning the floor. He was really a clean freak. He thought the floor was still unclean after other people did the cleaning.
	When he saw Kingsley, he didn't show any expression because it was common to see him anywhere.
	Kingsley didn't talk with him, either. His eyes focused on Amy.
	"The gardenia is so beautiful and in its full bloom. It smells good," said Kingley. He always tried to find something to talk with Amy.
	"Why do you come to see me today? Not just for the flower, right?" asked Amy impatiently.
	"There is someone else. It is not very convenient. Finnley, can you go out? I have something to talk with Amy," said Kingsley.
	Finnley glared at him and thought why he had to leave. Kingsley was too stupid to say anything important.
	"He needn't to leave. He is my assistant and knows nearly everything about me," said Amy. She didn't want him to leave.
	"Fine. I just come here to tell you that you should be careful of your cooperation. It may be fraudulent," said Kingsley.
	"Fraudulent? I have investigated it and there is nothing wrong with it. Why do you say horrifying news to me?" said Amy. She couldn't believe his words.
	"It is true. You should stop your cooperation with those companies immediately or your company would go bankrupt," said Kinsley. Amy didn't believe him but he had no proof. He heard this news from a reliable person.
	"Kingsley, don't you have anything else to do? You are not familiar with me. Why do you come here to say this to me? I will never believe your lies," said Amy. She was very angry, thinking Kingsley just wanted to find something to fill the silences.
Chapter 310 The Crisis of the Newell Group
	Amy thought Kingsley had bad intentions and ignored him.
	Kingsley was a bit anxious. He usually might be unreliable. But what he told Amy today was the truth he knew after making a few enquiries.
	"Amy, what I said is true. Although there are such companies cooperating with you this time, their finances are in a critical state. They have been investigated in America. You have to terminate the contract as soon as possible." Kingsley said anxiously.
	"Kingsley, what do you mean? Just because I didn't cooperate with the Carr Group? I've investigated those companies. They all run well. Let me tell you again, they all run well. Stop talking nonsense, okay?" Amy still didn't believe Kingsley, because Kingsley almost had no credibility.
	Kingsley didn't know what to say to make Amy believe him.
	"Finnley, say something for me. What I said is true this time. Yes, I always loaf around. But I am serious now." Kingsley then had no choice but to beg Finnley.
	Finnley knew Kingsley well. Kingsley didn't have much credibility usually. But Finnley trusted him this time.
	Because Kingsley never cared about any company. If anyone was cheated, he would even laugh at the person. But today, he was so serious, which made him credible.
	"Miss Newell, I think what Mr. Kingsley said has a certain credibility. We must be careful. Philip is just an investor introduced by the city council. Why would he be so good to you and introduce you to so many companies?" In fact, Finnley was suspicious before. But he just came to work and didn't know much about Amy's relationships.
	After hearing Finnley's words, Amy still did not wake up. She even felt that Finnley was compelled by Kingsley. She was now happy and did not listen to any advice for the time being.
	"Then I'll check again." Amy temporized. Finnley noticed Amy's attitude, but he could do nothing. As Amy's assistant, he could only implement her decision.
	"Amy, I think you should check it again as soon as possible. Time is pressing." Kingsley continued to speak.
	"I see. Mr. Kingsley, if you don't have anything to do, please leave me alone. I have to do my business." Seeing that Kingsley was glib, Amy felt uncomfortable.
	"Alright. Amy, you must go and check, okay?" Kingsley also had something to do and advised repeatedly.
	When he walked to the door, Kingsley also exhorted Finnley, telling him to urge Amy to check it.
	Finnley nodded. He also respected Amy. Amy was good to him and did not hide anything from him, treating him as one of her friends. Finnley just hoped someone could treat him like this.
	After sending Kingsley away, Finnley returned to Amy's office when Amy had already started working. She did not seem to have any intention to check the matter.
	It was hard for Finnley to mention it again, and he was about to leave.
	"Finnley, you and Otto go check it out. Since Kingsley came to me to say this thing early in the morning, there must be a reason." Amy knew Finnley at the door without looking up.
	It turned out that Amy listened. Finnley had thought Amy didn't believe Kingsley at all.
	"OK. I'll go check with Otto right away." Hearing Amy's order, Finnley was relieved.
	Finnley immediately found the information of the several American companies with Otto and began to check.
	It took time to check it out. However, Philip began to urge them to deliver the goods at this time.
	Amy had no choice but to start stocking. She bought a large batch of raw materials from the Wilson Group. Besides, she also signed a contract with the HD Group, ordering another kind of raw materials. But at this time, the HD Group was busy re-electing, and put the cooperation with Amy on ice.
	Amy was very anxious to urge Richard of the HD Group. Richard went to urge his factory. However, Jacob had given the employees of the factory a holiday and asked them to go rest and continue to work after the re-election.
	The HD Group would rather pay liquidated damages than provide raw materials, which caught Amy off guard. It was hard to find so many raw materials at this time in the entire R City.
	"What should we do? The HD Group breaks its word at this time and won't provide us with raw materials. Now how can we find a company with such great productivity?" Amy was so anxious that she hadn't eaten all day. She called many companies, but they were only half the productivity of the HD Group.
	Even if they could provide half of the goods, they couldn't guarantee that the quality could meet the requirements. It was really a headache for Amy.
	Amy had also thought about finding several companies to produce the parts together. But even those big companies couldn't meet the requirements. If she found some other small companies, the quality would be less guaranteed.
	Faced with such a situation, Amy really didn't know what to do. She spent almost all her sleep thinking about such things.
	"Miss Newell, don't worry. In the end things will mend." Finnley comforted Amy. The corner of Amy's mouth had blistered. Finnley was distressed while looking at this. But he could do nothing.
	"Richard actually revenges me at this time. I haven't settled accounts with him for what he has done to me!" Amy said to herself, not noticing Finnley. She was immersed in her own world.
	"Miss Newell, what did Mr. Carter do to you? Why would you hate him that much?" Finnley also thought that Amy got involved in the death of Halbert at that time.
	"Let's stop talking about it. I will never forget what he has done to me." Amy gnashed her teeth in anger.
	Good. Since Richard was taking revenge on her now, then she wouldn't show mercy anymore. She would see who would be superior.
	"Miss Newell, I don't think Mr. Carter is that kind of person. He will not deal with you." Finnley said to Amy.
	"Stop saying that. You don't know what had happened back then and now. I don't want to say anything else. Finnley, I will leave the resort to you. I cannot manage it now. I trust you!" Amy felt that she couldn't be distracted at this time. She was going to leave the resort to someone she trusted.
	"OK. Then I'll pack up and go to the resort. Miss Newell, please take care of yourself." Finnley also could not be cut in two. The resort was Amy's work. This was the only thing he could do for her at this time.
Chapter 311 Stormy
	"Miss Newell, I heard that the HD Group is also in crisis. There is an in-fighting between Jacob and Richard. Richard is at a disadvantage now and cannot help us for the time being. Jacob has given the employees of the factory a holiday and asked them to go home. " After Otto inquired, he quickly returned to Amy's office to report the latest news to her.
	"What?" Amy's heart did a complete somersault while she heard this. Richard was now driven to the wall as well.
	"Yes. The news has been blocked. They are afraid that the infighting will shame the HD Group. So, they don't announce it to the public. Now, it seems that there will be a reelection of the president soon. Jacob holds more shares. I heard that he has also secretly bought a lot of shares. Now, it is hard for Richard to keep his position." Otto took a lot of effort to inquire those news.
	"I see. Otto, continue to watch the HD Group. Let me know if there are any new developments." Amy asked Otto to continue to keep an eye on the HD Group.
	"Yes. By the way, I also heard something. Miss Newell, it is a gossip. I want to tell you." Otto asked Amy hesitantly.
	"Just say it. Don't stammer, and just say what you want to say." Amy was very satisfied with the three assistants she had chosen.
	"I heard that Mr. Carter is your husband." Otto said.
	"Well, yes. Is there anything else you want to ask?" Amy looked up at Otto with her beautiful eyes.
	"No. Goodbye." Otto scratched his head and went out.
	Otto did not expect that he went to inquire about Richard, while his boss was Richard's wife.
	Otto just went out for a while, and Fabian came back. He seemed to have been tanned after being away for more than a month. Fortunately, he got the exact information.
	"Miss Newell, I'm back." Fabian pushed open the door of the president's office and said to Amy.
	"Hey, come in. What's the news?" Amy let Fabian in and personally served him a cup of tea.
	"Here is the thing." Fabian was really thirsty. He rushed back without stopping after getting the exact information to tell Amy what he had heard.
	Fabian drank the cup of tea in one breath. He was parched and felt better after drinking it.
	"Miss Newell, you held a wedding in the hotel that year. It seemed that you were helped into the room by a woman. Then, a fat and short man tried to go in, but was beaten. As for who went in, the surveillance footage had all been deleted." Fabian said to Amy.
	"Deleted? So, it means that you did not find out who went in at that time?" Amy asked Fabian.
	"I should have been unable to find out. But I was lucky and inadvertently found a great secret." Fabian's face was bright with excitement as he said this.
	Seeing Fabian's dark face was bright, Amy knew he must have inquired about something meaningful. She was eager to know who stole her first night.
	"That year, a man went to the wrong room, and stayed in it for a long time. He did not leave until midnight. That man was tall and handsome, and was a rare son of a rich family in R City." The more Fabian said, the brighter his eyes were. He felt that the information he inquired about this time was really valuable. In the whole R City, no one might have such good luck as him. Except the person concerned, no one could know who that man was at that time.
	"Do you want to be docked your salary?" seeing that Fabian had been keeping her guessing, Amy kindly reminded him.
	"Of course I don't want to. Well, Miss Newell, that man is..." Fabian lowered his voice and said to Amy.
	It was okay when he didn't say it. As soon as he said that man's name, Amy's cup suddenly fell over on the desk. Fabian took a towel in a hurry to wipe the water stains.
	The man who stole her first night was Richard! He had taken advantage of her, but even asked her to sign a two-year marriage agreement. This man really had a mind of his own.
	"OK. Don't mention it again. Please leave me alone." Amy let Fabian go out. She could not calm down. There were so many things happening recently that she couldn't bear it.
	"Dad, can you tell me what is going on? Why did Richard cheat on me? Why did Allison's mother want to kill me? Why did Mr. and Mrs. Newell treat me as their daughter? What is all this about?" Amy had in mind many doubts which really puzzled her.
	After letting her brain rest for a while, Amy started to think of a solution to the current situation.
	The matter between her and Richard could be settled later. Now, the most important thing was the current dilemma of her and Richard. Should they unite or fight a lone battle?
	Amy was vexed, but Richard was not at all. He had set up the game, and was just waiting for Jacob to go in.
	In the president's office of the HD Group, Jacob already sat in the president's seat and was extremely happy.
	There were only three days. It was so nice to sit this seat. Jacob was already sure to win. In the election three days later, he, Jacob, would become the HD Group's president, and could marry Allison. These were the two biggest dreams in his life, which would come true soon.
	Richard seemed to know that he had no chance of winning. Recently, he had stayed at home and didn't even go to work. He leisurely looked at the newspaper, drank tea, and blew the wind at home. This was the life he had always expected. Now, he could experience it in advance.
	"Richard, why are not anxious at all? Jacob is going to take over the HD Group. You're even relaxed here." Cathy was anxious while seeing that her son stood aloof from worldly success.
	"If he likes it, just take it. Then I can live a life of leisure. I have not been idle for a long time. Although I didn't run the HD Group in those five years, I was not idle." Richard said carelessly.
	"Well, just do whatever you like. I'm not short of money anyway." Cathy thought about it. That was right. Her son did not have much desire to be the president. He was always exhausted every day. Now, he could be relaxed. They had enough money to live a good life.
	Cathy was relieved after she thought about it. what was the point of fighting with those people? She preferred her son to live a relaxed life. It would be good if Amy also thought so.
Chapter 312 Change of the HD Group
	The sun was high in the sky, blazing down on people and making people feel hot.
	The top leaders of the HD Group were already seated. Today was the election of the president. The two candidates were ready. Jacob was wearing a black suit and white shirt today. Although he was not very good-looking, he was tall and still looked handsome.
	Richard was wearing a set of dark blue tailor-made suit and a light blue shirt inside today. No matter when, Richard always had great dress sense and looked so good-looking. It might also be related to his handsome face.
	Both of them sat on the candidate seat. Jacob had the most rubbery face and kept greeting with those board members.
	Richard was sitting calmly at the top. He was looking at his phone at this time, as if it was none of his business at all.
	"Ladies and gentlemen, today is an important day for the HD Group. We have been preparing for this day for a long time. If we don't elect our new president, as the employees of the HD Group, we will have to live on air." The moderator was also a member of the HD Group's board of directors.
	The struggle between Richard and Jacob was very intense this time. How intense was it? Many factories of the HD Group had shut down, and some contracts signed with other companies were also canceled. They really paid a lot for this election.
	The HD Group had lost tens of millions so far. If the two sons of the Carter family continued to fight, they were unsure how long the HD Group could last.
	"Alright. We will choose our president by secret ballot. Everyone here will have a ballot. Fill in it, put it in an envelope, and then give it to me. Three of us will not vote, but count the votes. The one with the most votes will be the president of the HD Group." The moderator finished his speech and let the other two people hand out the ballots.
	Everyone got a ballot. The ballot was very heavy for them. It was really a headache who they should vote to be the HD Group's next president.
	They all had known how talented Richard was. But Jacob's project was also attractive. He promised to give everyone a lot of money. Everyone liked money.
	Holding the ballot, they carefully considered it, and then filled in the name of the man they supported.
	Soon, they all finished writing, put the ballot into the envelope, and gave it to the moderator.
	After collecting all the envelopes, the moderator opened the envelopes one by one in front of everyone. The election was fair, open, and transparent.
	Some people frowned when they saw that Jacob had more and more votes. This was not the end they wanted.
	Not surprisingly, Jacob had won much more votes than Richard. The position of the president seemed to belong to him.
	"I declare the new president of the HD Group is Jacob!" although he was also reluctant, the moderator still announced it.
	"Mr. Jacob, congratulations." Someone instantly fawned on Jacob.
	"Thank you all. Thank you all for your support." Jacob laughed triumphantly. Richard was not so difficult to deal with as rumored. He was deposed so easily. Jacob had prepared a lot of means and did not use them. He was a little disappointed.
	"Richard, be positive and don't do anything stupid." Jacob looked at Richard at this time, saying as a winner.
	"Don't worry. I won't. Jacob, the HD Group is good, but very difficult to deal with." Richard took his men away and sincerely advised Jacob before leaving.
	But Jacob couldn't listen to his defeated opponent at this time. He just thought Richard was jealous of him.
	Richard left the HD Group. When he got into the car, he didn't have any attachment to the place and left without even looking back.
	"Mr. Jacob, you are so capable to defeat your brother. From now on, we will work for you." Some people came to Jacob and showed loyalty.
	"It is just a fluke. Richard is also capable and has been the president of the HD Group for a long time. In the future, I will lead you guys to prosperity." Jacob was in a very merry mood today.
	"Mr. Richard, are we just going to leave?" Richard's man asked him.
	"Yes. Ask Robin to continue to do what he should do." Richard said to his man and got in the car.
	"Yes, I'll inform him right away." The man immediately went to inform Robin.
	After Richard got into the car, the driver gingerly asked him where he was going, thinking that he must be in a bad mood at this time and needed to go for a break.
	"The Newell Group." Richard had sensed a bloody storm in R City. He had to go see how Amy was doing. It was not convenient for him to go out before. He had to prepare for some things at that time.
	Now that he was no longer the president of the HD Group, he was reasonable to go see Amy.
	When Amy saw Richard, she was surprised. The HD Group had held a press conference and announced that Richard was no longer the president of the HD Group, and that the HD Group's new president now was his older brother, Jacob.
	But shouldn't Richard go home in anger at this time? What was he doing here?
	"Miss Newell, what's wrong? Don't you recognize me? I'm not the president of the HD Group anymore. So you don't think you have any cooperation with me now?" Richard was very rude to Amy when he entered the room.
	"Richard, it has nothing to do with me that you are not elected president of the HD Group. That's just because you are not as good as others." Amy felt that Richard was ill-tempered.
	"I'm not as good as others? Amy, you're really shameless. Don't you know what kind of people I am? I know exactly what you've done to me. I'm here today to settle accounts with you!" Richard strode to Amy and stared at her with his cold eyes.
Chapter 313 I Only Love One Woman
	There was no warmth in Richard's eyes when he looked at Amy. His eyes were filled with cold hatred. Amy had clearly seen Richard's hatred for her.
	"Settle accounts with me? Good. I'd like to see how you settle accounts with me. Richard, come on." Amy stopped working and coldly looked at Richard. They had a so powerful aura as if time froze. Only they were in a stalemate.
	It was a big news that Richard came to Amy. The fight between them because of Halbert had made the R City agog. Richard's arrival today got everyone excited. People wanted to see what would happen between them.
	Someone outside the door was watching the fight between Richard and Amy.
	"First, let's settle the account that you've been missing for five years. You've been running away with my kid for five years. Why?" Richard cupped Amy's chin in the palms of his hands.
	This face once made him crazy, kept him awake at night and couldn't eat. But now, it was in his hands and was so small, warm, and real. He had been waiting for this day for a long time.
	With a sound, Amy gave Richard a slap in the face.
	"Richard, please behave yourself!" Amy pushed away Richard and broke free.
	"I'm already behaving myself. There are some people at the door. Aren't you going to deal with it?" it was Amy's place and Richard hadn't had his men clear it.
	As soon as Amy heard that there were people at the door, she made a call and asked Otto to come to clear the door.
	Richard locked the door and walked to Amy, towering over her and saying.
	"Well, let's settle accounts in peace." With that, Richard hugged Amy tightly and lowered his head to kiss her on the lips.
	The soft and sweet red lips that Richard had missed for a long time were being gently sucked by him at this time. Richard was very intoxicated.
	Amy didn't expect Richard to act like this. She froze for a moment, but came to her senses soon. She tried to push Richard away. However, even though she had some strength, she was not as strong as Richard.
	Richard put her hands behind her head, and was going to kiss her fiercely.
	Finally, Amy stopped struggling. It was completely useless. It seemed that she was far less strong than Richard.
	Richard was very satisfied when he looked up at Amy's red and swollen lips. Her red lips belonged to him and would only belong to him.
	"Richard, I hate you!" Amy breathed smoothly and stepped on Richard's foot. Richard could have avoided. But he knew Amy was angry at this time. So, he needed to let her vent her anger.
	Her heels were very high. Besides, she was in a fit of anger at this time and used all her strength. Richard frowned.
	"Get out! Now!" Amy was frightened and pushed Richard. But Richard did not go. There was a deep mark on his leather shoes.
	"Amy, you stepped on me. Can you tell me the reason why you left me for five years? I'll leave as long as you tell me, or I'll come here every day." Richard took a deep breath. He felt that his toe bones were broken by her.
	"Alright. You really want to know? I can tell you! Richard, after I tell you, we will be enemies!" Richard could have avoided, but he did not avoid and was trampled on by her. Amy knew how much strength she used.
	"Yes. We're already like enemies now. But I want to hear you say it." Richard moved around, walked to the couch, and sat down. The severe pain in his foot made him look bad. Amy saw the pain on his face.
	"I'll take you to the hospital." Amy said to Richard.
	"No. I'll go myself after you say it." Richard insisted.
	"Allison was pregnant with your child, wasn't she? You lied to me and said it wasn't yours. But I saw you with Allison with my own eyes the day my dad had the accident and heard what you said!" thinking about the car accident back then, Amy couldn't hold back her tears.
	"But how did you know I have recovered my memory?" Amy said. She felt strange. How would Richard ask her this question and know that she had recovered her memory?
	"You are not afraid of blood anymore, so you must have recovered your memory. Your memory loss must be related to the blood on your father back then." Richard said to Amy.
	"You investigated me?" Amy widened her eyes.
	"You lost your memory. I need to know how you lived these five years in France. I didn't take good care of you, but I hope I can help you. Amy, did you hear my voice and see my face at that time?" Richard asked Amy.
	"No, I just saw your figure. But I am familiar with your figure and your voice. Do you want to defend yourself?" Amy said angrily.
	"Amy, how can you be so fool? What was I doing when you were separated from me? Could I be cut in two? Besides, with my identity, if I didn't like you, I could directly tell you. Did I need to show love with other woman in front of you?" listening to Amy's words, Richard really wanted to cry. He had thought that Amy was smart, and not expected that she was also fool sometimes.
	Richard's words froze Amy. She was indeed too sad when she saw that scene, and did not think much about it. Then, she lost her memory and did not have time to think about it.
	"That's why you hated me for so many years?" Richard felt that the corners of his eyes got wet.
	"You also hate me now and even blame me for your father's death." Amy coldly said. At that time, her father was covered all over with blood. To protect her, her father was knocked down by Allison's mother's car again. She would never forget those things.
	"Amy, I've never hated you." Richard stood up again and slowly walked toward the door.
	"Amy, business is a competitive activity. Be careful. In this life, I only love one woman. It is you, Amy. Whatever happens, you have to trust me." Richard stood at the door, said these words, and pushed the door out.
	Looking at Richard limping, Amy was in a disturbed state of mind. What was going on?
Chapter 314 A Big Trap
	Amy carefully recalled the figure of the man back then, and compared it with Richard's figure. Perhaps because it was too long ago, she could not remember the details.
	Suddenly, Amy remembered that she still had some videos on her phone. She opened the video, which showed Richard talking with Allison. Allison faced the camera, while Richard stood with his back to the camera. Their voices were clear.
	"Allison, Amy is back. We can continue the plan we didn't finish back then. Mr. Newell values her so much. We can swindle the property of the Newell Group from her." Richard said.
	"Yes, that's the best. But Richard, she and you used to be a couple. Will you bear it?" Allison said to Richard.
	"Couple? Allison, I only love you inside. I married her just because my grandfather forced me to get married and you were not there. So, I married her temporarily. We have signed a contract before I married her. Since Mr. Newell values her now, I think I can continue to be with her. You know my ambition. " With that, Richard tenderly took Allison's hand.
	"But Allison, you will have a hard time. I have to ignore you on many occasions." Richard said to Allison affectionately.
	"It is okay. I will wait for you." Allison also looked at Richard affectionately.
	This video hurt Amy. How dared Richard come to her today and say that the only woman he loved was her? It was so ridiculous.
	Why didn't she send this video to Richard? Then, he would have to eat his words. She could remind him that she knew what he had done. Did he think she was a fool?
	Amy sent the video to Richard, so that he could see what he had done. How could he say such words to her? It was monstrous!
	The video was sent to Richard and he called her soon. Amy picked up the phone.
	"Richard, if you don't want people to know, you'd better not do it. You're not going to say that man is not you, are you? Do you think I don't know what you've done?" Amy's voice was trembling.
	"I'm calling you to say something to you. That man is not me. Can't you even see that? We are a couple. Have you ever noticed that I am left-handed? Besides, that man's voice is indeed similar to mine. But you can compare the voice in the recording of my speech with his voice. Amy, have you even paid attention to me? That man even has a DL City accent in his voice." Richard said on the other end of the phone. Although he was annoyed that Allison dared to set up a trap to frame him, he was also angry that Amy did not pay much attention to him. There were many details that had revealed that the man was not him.
	Hearing this, Amy played the video again. As Richard said, there were so many flaws in the video, but she did not find them. She focused all her attention on their conversation.
	It turned out that the scar which had been in her heart for so long was something she deserved. Why was she so stupid and did not think of this?
	Amy felt so ashamed. She could not help but stand up and walk around the office a few times. She was absolutely furious now. She had been cheated for so many years. However, no one should be to blame. It was all her fault that she had never trusted Richard.
	She, Amy, had been fooled and even misunderstood Richard for so many years. But she still had no idea who her real enemy was.
	Just when she figured out some things, a phone call brought her back to reality.
	She had to deliver the goods in five days. But she hadn't even found a source of raw materials, which made her anxious.
	"Hey Amy, our contract seems to stipulate that you need to deliver the goods in five days. How are you doing now? If it's almost ready, I'll be ready to receive the goods." It was Philip.
	"Well, Mr. Philip, something is wrong. I haven't found a right raw material supplier until now. I just want to call you to confirm if I can delay a few more days." Amy said to Philip.
	"This may not be easy. We also signed contracts with others. When the time comes, we need to deliver the goods. If we cannot, we will lose money. Amy, you have to think of a way as soon as possible." Philip reminded Amy.
	"Yes. I have been thinking of a way. But I haven't found the right company in R City. I may not be able to deliver goods on schedule." Amy had felt that she was unable to deliver the goods.
	"Amy, don't. If you default, you will have to pay the whole Newell Group." Philip seemed to be concerned about Amy.
	"But I have no choice now. The HD Group will pay me compensation, and then I will compensate the companies." Amy had calculated it. The compensation paid by the HD Group to her could be used to compensate other companies in America. In this way, she would not lose much money.
	"No, Amy. The HD Group will pay you in RMB, but you have to pay other companies in USD. Haven't you read the contract?" Mr. Philip said anxiously to Amy.
	"What? In USD?" Amy was really shocked now. She had been in business for many years, and had read the contract carefully when she signed it. When did it become USD?
	Amy picked up the contract and read it. The terms and conditions were unfamiliar. She did not know about them at all. Besides, there was a huge amount of compensation. When did she ever sign such a contract?
	The contract was replaced, but had her signature at the bottom. At this time, Amy understood that she was plotted against. There must be a hidden traitor in her company. This contract was replaced by the traitor.
	Amy collapsed weakly and threw the contract on the ground.
	In five days, she would have to pay a huge compensation, which was all Mr. Newell's worldly goods.
	She fell into a game of bluff and was cheated badly. Philip recommended these people to her. He was Allison's husband. Could it be that Allison was behind the scene?
	Amy stood up firmly. She, Amy, would not be easily defeated.
	Amy called Andy, saying that she was going to meet him. After thinking for a while, she also called Richard and was going to meet him later.
	Although she fell into a game of bluff accidentally, Amy was looking for a solution rather than giving up.
Chapter 315 Amy's Origins
	After reading the contract, Andy could say nothing. This contract must be real. But the other party used some means to make Amy see a fake version. So, she was fooled.
	"Andy, is there any way to solve it?" Amy looked at Andy eagerly.
	"No. Amy, I am sorry. I really can't think of a way." Andy's words shattered the hopes of Amy. Now, she put her trust in Richard. She subconsciously felt Richard was the only one who could help her.
	Amy did not stop and came to Richard, showing the contract to Richard.
	Richard read it carefully. He studied the terms and conditions carefully, but didn't see any flaws for the time being.
	"Amy, leave the contract here first. I will study it later. It's too urgent now. I can't see anything for a while." Richard comforted Amy.
	"But Amy, when you go out later, you must be desperate and angry. You have to scold me and call me an ungrateful man. I need your cooperation." Richard lowered his voice and said to Amy.
	"Why?" Amy didn't understand.
	"I can't tell you now. Just cooperate with me, and leave the rest to me. There is only five days. Even if there is a way, it may not help. Have you called Mr. and Mrs. Newell? They are more experienced than you. You should let them know and cannot hide it from them." Richard said to Amy.
	Amy had not told Mr. and Mrs. Newell about this thing. She intended to make up for it herself. They were so good to her, and even relieved to leave the company to her. But she had made such a big mistake.
	"I'm a little afraid." Amy had no confidence at this time. She had thought she was very smart and capable. But now, she was cheated so badly.
	"It's okay. You've only been in business for a few years. Philip is a wily old fox. If he wants to scheme against you, you can't guard against it." Richard comforted Amy.
	"Well, you go back first. We can't stay together for too long. I'll explain to you later. You just have to trust me now."
	Richard's words calmed Amy. Now that it had been like this, it was useless to be anxious. If the worst came to the worst, she would go bankrupt again. She just felt sorry for Mr. and Mrs. Newell.
	"Richard, you ungrateful man! I am your wife, but you even scheme against me! I am really blind. I will never come to you again. We end our relationship from now on!" Amy walked to the door, and suddenly scolded Richard loudly.
	"Amy, you just get what you deserve. You killed my father, and caused my downfall. Do you think I will help you? Fool!" Richard went behind Amy and argued. He pressed Amy's shoulder, letting her go out and continue to scold him.
	Although Amy didn't know why, she did as Richard said.
	After pushing the door open, Amy slammed it hard. She looked angry. Richard was now in an idle position in the HD Group, a consultant.
	As soon as Amy came out of his office, a lot of people knew about it. The whole HD Group knew about their quarrel. Richard deliberately chose to meet Amy in his office at the HD Group.
	Amy stood at the door and said fiercely, "Richard, I hate you! I hate you and will never forgive you!" After Amy finished speaking, she strode away.
	The news that Amy and Richard had fallen out completely had spread to all those who cared about them in the whole R City.
	Some were happy, and some were sad. But it had nothing to do with them.
	After Amy called Mr. and Mrs. Newell, Mrs. Newell soon came back.
	What she said as soon as she saw Amy touched Amy.
	"Baby, you've worked hard. We should have borne those things. But now, we let you suffer. Mom is sorry."
	Mrs. Newell took Amy into her arms. The embrace was so warm that Amy didn't know how to describe it.
	"Mrs. Newell, I've got my memory back. I'm sorry I didn't tell you about it, and I messed up." In Mrs. Newell's arms, Amy was in tears. She felt sorry for Mrs. Newell.
	"Oh my sweet kid. You will get your memory back sooner or later. Why do you call me Mrs. Newell again? I am your mom. I gave birth to you and am your real mother!" Mrs. Newell pushed Amy's hair behind her ears and looked at her with a smile.
	"Mom? But my mom left when I was very young, leaving me and my father depending on each other for survival. I don't really have a good memory of my mom." Once she heard that Mrs. Newell was her real mother, Amy was a little angry. Her father was so good. Why did her mother abandon them?
	"Honey, I didn't abandon you. Your dad is really a good man. I think it's time to tell you what happened back then." Mrs. Newell pulled Amy and sat down. Since Amy had recovered her memory, she could tell her what happened back then.
	When Eliana was pregnant, Dalton, her husband, went to France for further study. Dalton did not know that Eliana was pregnant. He had intended to go to France first, and then go through the formalities for Eliana to go abroad.
	However, after Dalton went abroad, he had been in some trouble and lost contact with Eliana. Eliana's belly got bulging. Her family disliked her and said that she was cheated, trying to drive her out.
	At that time, Stephen took Eliana in. He was Eliana's classmate and was very honest. His family was not rich, but he married Eliana and gave her a decent identity, so that Amy would not be a child without a father.
	After Eliana gave birth to Amy, in order not to be an obstacle on Stephen’s path to true love, she wanted to divorce him. She did not know that Stephen had been secretly in love with her for many years and was very fond of Amy. Stephen firmly disagreed to divorce, saying that he would take the initiative to stay away if they could hear from Dalton. Before Dalton came back, he would treat them well.
	Stephen's love was selfless. He gave Amy a carefree childhood.
Chapter 316 A Feast Not in a Good Will
	Dalton was lucky when studying abroad though he got into trouble at that time. He was kidnapped because of helping an old man. After they were rescued, the old man, with no offspring, designated Dalton as the inheritor of the Newell Group.
	Dalton returned to pick up Eliana after he had his work finished. Stephen was getting a divorce with Eliana during that time. Watching Eliana and Amy leaving with Dalton, he wept silently. He had treated Amy as his natural child during those three years.
	Before taking the bus that headed for the airport, Eliana made the decision to leave Amy with Stephen.
	"Stephen, this kid is raised by you all along. Can you take care of her if you don't regard her as a trouble? I will pick her up when I settle down." Eliana said to Stephan.
	"Sure thing. I will take care of her, since you must be busy when you first arrive there." Stephan held Amy hurriedly as soon as Eliana said the words.
	Stephan brought Amy up in the days after. He treated Amy as his own child and never got married again for her. Even, he sacrificed himself to save her life at last.
	"Mom, I have misunderstood you. But I want to ask you a favor." Amy said to Eliana.
	"Silly girl, I know exactly what you are going to ask for. I promise you that I won't force you to come back to your natural father. You can always be the daughter of Stephan. Your natural father has been planning to bring you back because he feels that we owe you. But I keep turning him down. That's because I can see that Stephan truly loves you." Eliana held Amy in her arms again.
	Both of them didn't spoke for a while, but their hearts were closer to each other. Eliana had a good knowledge of Amy's personality which was the same with hers. Amy was a person that would repay kindness.
	Eliana read through the files of the American companies that Philip recommended after Amy told her she was being tricked.
	Those companies seemed normal and it was true that they were locally famous. The problem was on the contract.
	Why did Philip trick Amy? The Newell Group would go bankrupt if the compensation was according to the asset of the group in the country.
	An assumption came across Eliana's mind. 'Is it because the thing happened three years ago?"
	Eliana didn't want to worry her husband, so she looked over the financial situation of the Newell Group on her own. It was just as Amy had said that the compensation would cost the whole asset that the domestic group had.
	It looked like that the financial information of the group was leaked and the contract was switched. The signature on the contract was imitated perfectly to the extent which Amy herself couldn't tell the difference.
	Eliana had several guesses in her mind and then asked her own people to investigate. Those people were ordinary usually and they only obeyed orders from Eliana. She had never mentioned them to Amy.
	The time was up. The Newell Group still couldn't deliver the goods.
	The compensation was so much that the Newell Group couldn't afford, even though the HD Group had paid its compensation.
	Mrs. Newell and Amy had gathered all the working capital, which was limited, but it was far from enough.
	It would affect the operation of other subsidiary corporations if they allotted the money from the head quarter in France.
	It was such a headache.
	At this time, Philip asked Amy and Eliana out. It was beyond their expectation.
	In a private room, a big round table was there. Philip had been sitting there and waiting for them. He stood up when Amy and Eliana came in.
	"You are so punctual. Mrs. Newell and Miss Newell, please have a seat." Philip greeted them with a warm-hearted welcome.
	Two beautiful women were in front of him. Eliana looked like in her thirties, even though she had been in her fifties. It was on account of her proper maintenance. Also, unlike Amy, she expressed a feeling of maturity.
	With a delicate face, Amy was still dressed in black clothes, bringing out her perfect body figure, which made Philip itchy.
	"What can we do for, Mr. Philip?" Eliana said gracefully, though she felt disgusted about him.
	"We have been friends for years. It's a must to treat you a meal since you came back." Philip clapped his hands to indicate waiters should serve up.
	"Mr. Philip, I don't regard us as friends. But at least I didn't regard you as an enemy. However, what you did to the Newell Group has refreshed my impression of you." Eliana didn't take a soft attitude to him. She knew the contract was his trap.
	"Let's not talk about it now. I will explain to you after the meal." Philip avoided the topic. He had his plan succeeded, so he was just waiting for the last step.
	A table of dishes didn't induce the appetite of Amy and Eliana. But Philip opened a bottle of wine and poured it for both of them, like nothing happened.
	"You came here anyways. Please have some for my sake." Philip put his green eyes on Amy. Though he was old, he could still identify a beauty.
	"It depends on who we are having the meal with. I can drink a thousand glasses of wine not being drunk if I'm with someone I like. But an extra word will be unnecessary if I'm with someone I dislike." Eliana put on her poker face. However, she picked up a piece of ribs in her bowl.
	"You are interesting. I know you are talking about the old saying. 'When drinking with a bosom friend, a thousand cups will still be too little. When the conversation gets disagreeable, to say one word more is a waste of breath.'" Philip didn't get mad. Rather, he was immersed in the happiness that he had won.
	"It's good to know you know that." Eliana tasted the piece of ribs and found it not bad, so she picked up a piece for Amy.
	"We have so many dishes here. Please enjoy it. I will tell you why I did that after you have yourselves full." Philip didn't care about Eliana's indifference.
	Amy realized that Allison didn't come today. 'The couple act in collusion with each other, but why she didn't come to this celebratory party for them?'
Chapter 317 Philip's Purpose
	Amy was thinking why Allison didn't come, so she was staring blankly at somewhere. Eliana nudged her, trying to make her concentrated and reminding her that they needed to deal with Philip later.
	"Mr. Philip, why did your wife not come? I guess you should come together. It's such a good chance to see us suffered. Isn't it a pity that she's not coming?" Amy asked Philip.
	"You mean Alison? Oh, she's not my wife. She's just my assistance. She pretends to be my wife for work. I pay her for that." Philip hurriedly clarified their relationship.
	"Please have more. Is there another old saying? 'Each grain is hard.' What a pity is to waste these dishes." Philip was persuading them to eat more.
	He moved the delicious dishes towards them.
	Amy thought that it was being bad to herself that she didn't eat, since she had already been here. Philip was detestable, but it was not the fault of those dishes. Thus, she started eating.
	Noticing that, Eliana also began having the meal. She was hungry at this time. She found Philip's old face and weird voice became tolerable when she was enjoying the dishes.
	The dishes were consumed as soon as they started eating. They both held the belief that eating was the top priority no matter what happened.
	They had the dishes but not the wine. They were cautious about Philip who was not a good man.
	After eating up the meal, they took a sip of tea. Then, they were staring at Philip, waiting for him to put on a show.
	"Have you finished off yet?" Philip found them almost eat up the dishes, so he put down the chopsticks as if he was about to begin the show.
	"Yes. Please tell us what you've planned to say." Eliana leaned on the chair, drinking tea and thinking about how to deal with him.
	"Well, let me start with my story. Three years, I met Mr. and Mrs. Newell in France. I guess you can remember that, Mrs. Newell." Philip talked about things three years ago.
	"Of course I remember that absurd thing." Eliana tried hard to control her temper and not to slap him on his face when answering him.
	"Oh, you find it absurd? I don't think so. Heroes love beauties. Though I can't be deemed as a hero, I'm a real man at least." Philip didn't get mad about her words.
	"I will help you out, if you agree to my demand." Philip kept checking Amy out.
	Amy was not a fool. She had guessed what he was up for.
	"Mr. Philip, it's a slim chance that we will accede to your request. We will take care of the problem on our own. We're going if you have nothing else to say. Eliana grabbed Amy's hand. She was going to throw up for even just having the thought that a dirty old man coveted her daughter. Her daughter was an excellent woman while Philip was older than her and not long for him to be buried in the grave.
	"Do you really not give it a second thought? You can't afford that compensation in such a short time. If you can't afford it, the Newell Group will be auctioned." Philip got anxious seeing them leaving.
	"I won't do what you want even at the cost of mortgaging the group." Eliana left holding her daughter's hand.
	"You will come back and beg me. I don't think you will let the group go bankrupt. What a cocky woman!" Philip hissed, watching them leaving.
	Three years ago, he ran into Amy in a party. He was attracted by her disposition and appearance at the first sight. Later, he learned that she didn't with any man and became eager to have her.
	He told Mr. Newell in earnest that he wanted to marry Amy. Hearing it, Mr. Newell were about to laugh. He made up an excuse that Amy had married, but her husband didn't stay around.
	However, Philip had been investigating Amy for a long time and found that she didn't have any contact with any man. So he realized that Mr. Newell lied to him because he thought lowly of him.
	After Amy came back to China, he followed her here. He held a grudge against Mr. Newell, so he set up a trap for Amy to destroy the Newell Group.
	"Mom, how did he know me?" Amy had never noticed Philip, only hearing his name from her father. She thought Philip was a good friend of her father.
	"It was at the wine party. He fell for you at the first sight. He mentioned it to your dad and your dad turned him down immediately. I have no idea that he would hate us for that. That's why he is now taking revenge on us." Eliana briefly explained what had happened.
	Amy didn't know the reason for all this until now. 'How awful Philip is! It's not wrong to like a person, but it's a shame to ruin others.'
	"Mom, what should we do now?" Amy got headache for it. It was her that led to the difficulty for the Newell Group. It might cause many people losing their jobs. She couldn't let it happen.
	"It'll be okay. If we can't save the group, we just let it go bankrupt, you go back to France with me and run the business there." Eliana was protective of her child. She could give up everything but her daughter.
	Her words gave Amy a warm feeling. She always had the feeling that she had a good mom during the five years that she lost her memories. Now she found that her mom was more than good. She was great. She was willing to give up everything for her.
	Eliana was still comforting Amy after they were home. She asked Amy to have a rest since she had been exhausted recently.
	Amy knew surely that her mom asking her to stay at home was because she was going to find solutions on her own and tried to stop her worrying.
	Amy kept tossing and turning on the bed and couldn't fall asleep, though she wanted to.
	'What should I do? It's all my fault if the Newell Group go bankrupt. My father appointed me to be in charge of the group, but I'm going to let him down now.'
	'I can't sit still. I have to make up for my own mistake. I can't let others suffered because of me.'
	Amy made her decision and got up immediately.
Chapter 318 Mr. Newell Is Missing
	Amy believed that her bad decision led to what happened now, so she was guilty and wanted to save the group.
	She got up from bed and tried to figure out what she could do, but she couldn't. So, she lay down again. 'It has always been successful since I set about business. I'm so conceited that I let all this happen.'
	Eliana had no choice other than telling her husband. It should be reported to him, since he was president of the Newell Group.
	Dalton said the group was permitted to go bankrupt without a second thought. He would never give his daughter away.
	Amy became guiltier when knowing that her parents cherished her so much. 'It isn't easy for dad to run the group. Now that he is old, he has to handle this kind of thing.'
	After receiving the message, Dexter went home. Learning about what had happened, he made the same choice. Amy felt that she wasn't fighting alone, since her family members treated her so good.
	Eliana told Amy to stay out of this and let her deal with it. It was not out of distrust. It was because she hoped Amy could keep her mind off this. She knew Amy must be upset that she went in a trap.
	Philip had done a survey and he knew the Newell Group had run out of methods and it had to go bankrupt.
	Originally, he thought for a smart man like Dalton wouldn't let the branch company collapse and would sacrifice her daughter. In business sector, it wasn't rare that parents traded their children for their own benefits and the development of the company. Therefore, he was confident that people from the Newell Group would come and beg him, and Amy would be his.
	"Alison, you're so brilliant. The Newell Group indeed is in trouble now. But when will you pay me the compensation that we paid to the Newell Group?" Jacob held Alison's hand.
	He was thrilled at thinking that he would have Alison after he helped her.
	However, it was not a small figure that he paid for the compensation to the Newell Group. He had just become president of the HD Group not long ago. He would lose his job if he didn't replenish the money of the company. It was the last thing that he wanted.
	"Soon. I will transfer the money in your account if the Newell Group paid the compensation. But they are still struggling. Please wait a few days." Alison said to Jacob impatiently.
	She never intended to pay the money back, even though Jacob trusted her all along.
	"OK. OK. It's cool. Don't be mad, Alison. You know that I became the president not long ago. How can I acquire devotion if I don't achieve some? We don't have to worry about money once the HD Group steps on the right track. I won't let you down since you're going to be my wife." Jacob explained hurriedly, realizing Alison wasn't glad about his asking the question.
	"I know it's for my good. Jacob, just don't push me. I will pay you the money that I borrowed it from you. You can rest assured. Now that I'm yours, you have nothing to worry about." Alison was ogling Jacob, making him itchy.
	"Alison, I want you." Jacob held her in his arms. He couldn't think straight when seeing Alison's body figure.
	"Not now. I don't feel comfortable lately." Alison said in a charming way. She rubbed his nose softly.
	"Of course. I'll wait." Jacob was eager to have sex with Alison, but he was afraid to rub her in a wrong way.
	"Oh, Jacob. The cooperation project that I gave you, how is it going? Mr. Philip is waiting for the result." Alison draped her arms around his neck and kissed him on the face.
	"It's going well. I think the result probably can come out in Thursday. Don't worry. We will seize the chance that you gave us." Jacob said obsequiously.
	Jacob never thought why Alison gave the project to him instead of her brother if it was profitable.
	"Amy, go to France and check on your father. I've called him for days, but he hasn't picked up the phone. Others said he went out. He hasn't recovered yet. We have to find him." Eliana was busy with handling the problem and couldn't get away, so she asked Amy to go to France.
	"Dad's not home? OK, I will go there and find him. Don't worry, mom. It's all because of me. I will marry Philip if we have no other choice." Amy had decided to sacrifice herself to save the company.
	"No. Your father, brother and I won't agree. Amy, find your father first. I can handle this. Trust me." Eliana stopped her as soon as hearing what Amy said.
	"Let's discuss it after I find dad." Amy had made up her mind. But she was worried about his dad now. She had established connection with Dalton during the five years. Though it couldn't be compared with the one with Stephan, it couldn't be ignored. As a saying goes, blood is thicker than water."
	Amy said goodbye to her mom. She saw Richard when she was about to walk in the departure hall. He also went in a departure hall.
	Amy found that his plane was leaving for America. 'Why does he go to America?' Amy went in the hall for her plane with the confusion.
	After dozens of hours, Amy arrived at her home in France. She heard from the servants that her father had been missing for several days.
	Amy checked his room, finding that her father's ID card, passport and one of his suitcases were gone. 'Where did dad go? Is he going to commit suicide because the branch company is going to go bankrupt?'
	Amy looked around, but there was no trace of her dad. She asked the airline, but staff there didn't have the answer. 'Where could dad go?'
	Amy called Eliana and told her that Dalton's ID card and passport were gone and she couldn't find him.
	Eliana tried to figure out where her husband could go, but she had no idea.
	"Amy, look for him in more places. Don't be rushed to come back. I'm afraid that he may have depression." Eliana said worriedly.
Chapter 319 The Decision of Amy
	Hearing what her mother was concerned about, Amy got worried either. 'Dad had run business for decades. Suddenly, he got sick and the largest branch company is going to collapse. What should I do if it's too much for he to take in.'
	Amy looked for him in more places, even cities nearby. Yet, she still couldn't find him.
	What annoyed her more was that she couldn't call police for help. It would startle the staff if they knew Mr. Newell was missing, with the situation where the Newell Group was already in trouble.
	Eliana asked Dexter to go back to France for finding his father as soon as he got his work done because she needed Amy's help to handle the domestic company.
	In the face of the tremendous compensation, the Chinese branch company of the Newell Group chose to go bankrupt so as to pay for the money at last.
	"Mrs. Newell, aren't you going to think twice. You can save the whole company at the cost of only Amy." Philip called Eliana again.
	"I think I've told you my answer clearly. Philip, don't have that wishful thinking. This time, Amy made a bad decision out of carelessness. But we won't cooperate again since now." Eliana said, neither being humble nor being arrogant.
	"Aren't you being cruel to your staff? They are losing their jobs. I'm doing you a favor." Philip was unwilling to give up.
	"It's okay. After clearing is done, we will give them some money, so that they can support their lives before they find new jobs. Actually, I thank you for teaching my daughter a lesson and allowing us to find out how worse you are. Farewell." Eliana hang up the phone, since it was unnecessary to say another word with him.
	Being hung up, Philip was so irritated that his wrinkled face was out of shape.
	"What a bitch! Her daughter is nothing but a woman that has delivered a baby. How precious she is! It's her luck that I have my eyes on her."
	Philip received Amy's call when he was mad.
	He smiled as soon as he saw who was calling. 'Good. Eliana, you don't beg me. Others do.'
	"Hello, Amy." Philip suddenly changed his attitude and said nicely.
	"Hi, Philip. Do you still want to marry me?" Amy cut to the chase and asked.
	"Sure. You're all that I want. I will put you first if you marry me." Philip demonstrated his resolve immediately.
	"OK, I will marry you. I don't need a spectacular wedding. I hope you can withdraw the compensation that the Newell Group owes you on the wedding day." Amy didn't want her parents to worry about her.
	"What a straightforward person you are. I like it. Well, I promise you that I will withdraw the compensation. Also, I will arrange a wedding that you won't forget in your life." Hearing that Amy was going to marry him, Philip couldn't help laughing, which made the wrinkles on his face piled.
	Amy hung up the phone. She had made her decision. It wasn't her intention to let family members worry and cause the staff of the group losing their jobs. 'It doesn't matter as long as sacrificing myself can lead to everything going back on track.'
	Eliana had prepared for bankruptcy, but no one came. She found it strange.
	She didn't know what to do. It would be weird if she asked others to take stock.
	So, Eliana had her hands free. The company had stopped production and operation. No one was in the company now. It was quiet here.
	Eliana chose to walk around the company. It would soon not belong to her anymore. She had run it for decades, so she was attached to it and reluctant to leave it.
	'Wish I knew where Dalton went. There's still no news from him. Amy is not in a good mood and the family is in a state. It doesn't matter that I lose something that doesn't belong to me. I can earn the company back with an effort in the future.'
	Coming back home, Eliana found Amy sitting on the sofa and staring at the phone. It seemed that she had been sitting there for a long time.
	Amy looked like her father at his younger age, especially the eyes that were clear and sparkling. But now, they were dull.
	Eliana sat next to Amy, but she didn't notice it.
	"Amy, what's on your mind?" Eliana asked her softly.
	"Mom? When did you come back?" Eliana was busy dealing with the company recently, so she came home late every night.
	"Nothing is left to do today, so I came back early. Do you want to eat cold rice cake? I'll make you some." Amy loved the cold rice cake made by Eliana.
	"Yes." Amy nodded. There would be less chances for her to eat the food that her mother made after marrying Philip.
	"OK. Wait for a while." Eliana felt sad seeing her daughter suffering. She guessed Amy must be hit hard by being tricked for being a proud person.
	"I'll wait." Amy continued staring the picture of Allen on the phone then.
	Amy was sure that Philip would keep the Newell Group out of trouble. She was relieved that she made up for her mistake and got things back to where they were.
	'Sorry, mom. I probably can't get in touch with you constantly. Please take care of yourself and dad.' Amy didn't expect to live to a certain age. She had nothing to worry as long as she solved the problem.
	'Allen hasn't grown up yet. I should send him to Richard. Cathy loves Allen. She will treat him right.'
	Amy had everything arranged. She would marry Philip as soon as he prepared the wedding ceremony.
	"Mom, will I live in grandma's home for a long period of time?" Allen, carrying his bag on the back, kept asking Amy the same question on the way.
	"Yes. You can live there as long as you want. You can call me if you miss me. I will ask Eliana to pick you up." Amy said to Allen.
	Allen got excited when hearing that he could stay at grandma's home as long as he wanted.
	"So I can live with Uncle Richard. It's awesome." Allen kicked up his heels.
Chapter 320 The Calm Before The Storm
	Amy recalled that no one had told him that Richard was his father when hearing Allen call Richard as Uncle Richard.
	"Allen, I'm sorry that there's a thing I haven't told you. I'm going to tell you now." Amy said.
	Allen became serious as soon as his mother said she was going to tell him something. He could felt that his mother had a grim-faced today.
	Watching the handsome chubby face of Allen, Amy felt her heart in pain. 'When will I see him again? Can I come back here?'
	"Actually, Richard is your father. You are a child that has a father. You've got all of us, your grandparents, your uncle and your parents." Amy turned her head to Allen and said.
	Sitting at the passenger seat, Allen opened his mouth slightly. He was shocked, since it was too much for a child to digest.
	'When I thought Richard is my dad, mom said he is my uncle. When I get used to calling him uncle, she told me he is my dad. It's so complicated. Will it change afterwards?'
	Amy had no idea how to explain, though she found her son was stunned.
	Since she was driving, she didn't explain more but hope he could adapt to it gradually. 'I can't be by his side anymore. All I can do is hope he can be adaptive.'
	"Mom, will the thing you told me change in the future?" Allen came back to his sense and asked Amy.
	"It won't change anymore. He is your father. Nothing can change it. You can live with your dad and grandma now." Amy tried to hold the tears. Philip said he would spend a month on preparing the wedding, which meant there wasn't much time left for her being with her son. However, she chose to send him away. Although she was in pain, she had to make sure that Allen was living in a safe place. She wanted to face difficulties on her own.
	Amy brought Allen to the Carter's mansion and took him into the house.
	A servant saw Amy came and reported it to Cathy quickly. Amy and Allen had already been in the living room, when Cathy came out of the room.
	"Grandma. Grandma." Allen forgot how serious was when he was having the conversation with his mom, once he saw his grandma.
	"Allen. My dear grandson." Cathy also got excited to see Allen. She held Allen in her arms.
	"Cathy, I'm busy lately and I can't take care of him. So I send him here and please let him stay here for a while." Amy said to Cathy who was dressed in a purple cheongsam. Cathy always kept herself pretty wherever she was.
	"It'll be great. Allen can be my company and I won't feel lonely." Cathy found the Carter's mansion desolate since her husband died and Addy and others left. It was so quiet that she doubted if she had got used to living in a noisy environment.
	"Thanks. Please send him home if he wants to go back. I might go on a business trip soon." Philip would hold the wedding in America, so she needed to go there.
	"No problem. Amy, don't worry. The most important thing is you are here." Cathy was comforting Amy. A comeback could be staged as long as she was alive. Nothing would be possible if she was dead.
	"I got it. Don't worry about me. I will manage it. Please take care of Allen. I'm leaving." Amy kissed Allen on his face and left quickly.
	Watching Amy leaving, Cathy sighed. She knew Amy wouldn't recover for a while, since what happened hit her hard.
	Amy got in her car and burst into tears. She was so miserable, but she couldn't tell anyone about it.
	Then, Amy was afraid being seen by Cathy and drove away.
	Eliana had waited for days, but Philip still didn't send anyone to get the compensation. She had been ready for it.
	She called Philip at last, asking him to inform his friend that he could come and get things done.
	"Don't be so hurry. My friend isn't available recently. He will go when he is free." Philip made up an excuse, because Amy told him that her mom mustn't know about the marriage between them.
	"Of course I'm not in a hurry. But it needs to get done sooner or later. There's nothing good to hold it back. Are you doing another trick?" Eliana interrogated Philip.
	"No, no, no. Why would I do any trick? It's a misunderstanding." Philip tried to be polite, thinking that Eliana would be his mother-in-law soon. However, he was older than Eliana.
	"It's a misunderstanding? I know who you are. You can get what you want is because Amy didn't see through you. However, we won't see each other again." Eliana hang up the phone then. She was deeply scornful of talking with Philip.
	Philip shrugged his shoulders and laughed. 'It doesn't matter. Amy soon will be my wife. It's fine to be told off by Eliana.' Philip got thrilled when thinking that he could have Amy and have her beautiful face and her attractive body.
	Philip had a crush on Amy for years. Getting a marriage certificate was not the only thing that he wanted. He intended to throw her a memorable wedding.
	Days flied by. Amy's mood was getting worse. She locked herself in room and stayed in there a whole day. It kept Eliana concerned.
	"Amy, don't be hard on yourself. I've got all things done. You don't have to think about it anymore." Eliana knocked on her door and said.
	Amy opened the door. She had pined away. She would leave for America in three days and get married to Philip in a week. He had booked her a flight.
	"Mom, I'm fine. I just need some rest." Amy temporized.
	"Amy, you don't seem like getting any rest. Do you need to go travel and keep your mind off all this?" Eliana said worriedly.
Chapter 321 Coming Across in the Plane
	"That's what I've planned. I'm going to travel in three days." Since Eliana suggested that, Amy made use of the opportunity to tell her that she was going to leave.
	"Good. Though the company is suffering, we can still afford a travel." Eliana felt relieved to know Amy was going to travel.
	"Where did you plan to go? Do you need a company?" asked Eliana.
	"It's fine. I want to be alone." answered Amy. She wasn't going to let others know where she was leaving for. She wished she could disappear.
	"Sure. It's good to be alone for a while. Stay out of business and come back whenever you want to." said Eliana.
	Eliana didn't have suspicion. Seeing Amy had dark circles and was feeling under the weather, she guessed it would be helpful for Amy to travel.
	Eliana had her hands full recently. Dexter had gone to France, but hadn't found her husband yet. 'What happened? He always told me where he was going. Why didn't he tell me this time?' Eliana was so concerned. And the branch company also gave her headache. Therefore, she didn't notice there was something wrong with Amy.
	Three days after, Amy was lugging the suitcase and standing in front of the house. She kept staring at it and was reluctant to leave. But she got in the car eventually.
	"Don't be sad, Miss Newell. It's a happy thing to go out. Mrs. Newell will handle things well." the driver tried to comfort Amy. He thought it was the thought of leaving home for traveling that made her sad.
	"I know. Please take care of my family." said Amy.
	The driver had sensed something strange in Amy, but he couldn't tell.
	Amy didn't talk all the way, only closing her eyes and having a rest.
	Eliana came to the company today. She was too busy to see Amy off.
	Amy felt relieved that her mother thought she was going to travel. Otherwise she might let the cat out of the bag if Eliana made a detailed inquiry.
	Amy said goodbye to the driver when she arrived at the airport. And then she, dragging the suitcase, walked in the departure hall alone.
	Philip called her, though he had people following Amy and reporting her situation.
	"Honey, have you arrived at the departure hall yet? The plane is taking off in an hour." Philip said with excitement.
	"I'm in the hall. Don't worry. I'll be there." Amy said impatiently.
	"Good. Honey, I'm waiting for you. I'll pick you up in the airport." said Philip.
	Amy didn't say anything more. She hoped she could die now. She really wanted to kill Philip and commit suicide, but, for the good of the Newell Group, she couldn't.
	Amy was aboard the plane and sat down. She closed her eyes and didn't pay any attention to people around her.
	Too many things had overwhelmed her mind recently and she was exhausted.
	When she woke up from a long sleep, the lunch time had passed. She found herself hungry.
	It had been past two o'clock. Amy recalled that she brought some cookies, so she fumbled in her bag.
	"I've reserved some food for you. Have some." The voice was familiar. Amy turned her head and found Kingsley sitting next to her.
	There were a sandwich, a box of fried rice and a glass of milk on his hands.
	Amy took the food and started eating for being really hungry.
	Amy found them tasty and ate up quickly, probably because she was hungry.
	Drinking up the milk, Amy passed the glass to a stewardess and was ready to sleep again.
	"What are you going to America for?" Kingsley asked softly.
	"Keep my mind off things." Amy answered because she ate the things he gave just now.
	"Good. Enjoy it." Kingsley took a look at her, finding her haggard. Her previous confidence and pride had gone.
	"Sure." Amy closed her eyes after answering.
	Kingsley didn't ask more. He knew she buried something in her heart and she wouldn't tell him. He was going to America for something important this time. It was related to Amy.
	They didn't have conversation again. Kingsley wasn't annoying when not being rascally.
	They had arrived at New York after a flight of nearly twenty hours.
	"Let's say goodbye here. I hope you don't be negative. Things will get better." Kingsley left after saying that.
	Amy forced a smile. 'Things will get better? No, they only will get worse. He doesn't know anything.' Amy didn't want to share things with something unfamiliar.
	She walked out the airport, finding someone was holding a pick-up card. It was the name of Philip written on it.
	Philip was afraid that someone would make trouble, so he didn't write Amy and asked Amy to find his name.
	Amy walked towards it after seeing the card. She asked the one holding the card and confirmed that she was the one who came to pick her up. It was a beautiful America girl, with blonde hair and blue eyes.
	"Are you Amy? I'm Lucy, your bodyguard." Lucy took up Amy's suitcase with enthusiasm.
	Amy didn't say a word, just following Lucy. Lucy wore ordinary clothes. But it could be told that her martial arts weren't bad by the way she walked.
	'A bodyguard? She definitely was sent to monitor me. Good thing is that she's a woman."
	"Please get in the car. Don't let Mr. Philip wait too long. No one can wait when he is going to marry such a beautiful girl like you." Lucy smiled at Amy and her spotless teeth showed out.
Chapter 322 Eating as Much as Possible
	After Philip had picked up Amy, he didn't take her to his home but to a very luxurious hotel, which was run by him.
	"Amy, this room is for you. Do you like it? It is our custom to let you stay here for three days. Philip told me that you have to make do for three days. He will come to pick you up on your wedding day," explained Lucy to Amy.
	Amy was surprised to hear such a custom but she felt more relaxed because she had no wish to meet him now.
	"We are very busy these three days. You will have a facial and body building and then buy a lot of clothes you like. Philip prepares a diamond card for you, with which you can buy as many things as you like," said Lucy. She took out a black card from her bag and handed it to Amy.
	Amy took a glance at it and put it in her bag.
	"This card is without password. You will enjoy privileges with it," said Lucy. Then she wanted to help Amy put her luggage away.
	"You don't have to do that. I will do it by myself," said Amy, preventing Lucy from helping her.
	"Okay. After putting the things aside, you can take a shower and have a rest. I will call you when dinner is ready," said Lucy. Then she went out and closed the door.
	Amy looked around. It was a suite, which was fully furnished like a home. There were a soft and big bed, a refrigerator full of fruits and famous brand toiletries in the bathroom. All of those things indicated that Philip cared about her.
	Amy put nothing but a few silk pajamas in the wardrobe.
	She took out a silk pajama from it and then went to wash up. The bumpy flight brought on a bout of airsickness. Feeling very tired. She put some petals in the bathtub and took a relaxing bath. All the tiredness disappeared in the water with nice aroma.
	It was so comfortable that she felt sleepy.
	After finishing the bath, she wore her new pajama and dried her hair. Then she crawled under the covers and started to drift off.
	She wasn't afraid of anything now. Even Philip wanted to do something bad to her, there was no need to prevent him for she got here to marry him.
	Without those worries, she slept soundly. She had never had such a good sleep since the Newell Group was declared bankrupt.
	If Lucy didn't call her, she might sleep till the next morning.
	"Amy, it's time for dinner. Philip orders Chinese food for you because he knows you may not be used to American food," said Lucy.
	"OK, I'll come soon. Please wait for a second," said Amy. She woke up, cleaned her face and wore black sweater and black pants, and added a coat made of wool.
	Even in black, she looked attractive. Lucy preferred colorful clothes. However, after she saw that Amy was so beautiful in black, she wanted to buy some black clothes, too.
	"Let's go. The Chinese restaurant is on the sixteenth floor. You are so charming in black," praised Lucy from the bottom of her heart.
	Amy thought Lucy was not so annoying. At least, she respected her. Although Amy didn't like her very much, she felt comfortable staying with Lucy.
	They arrived at the Chinese restaurant. One room was reserved for them. The room was quiet and well furnished. The crystal chandeliers glittered brightly above the table, which complemented the crystal cups perfectly. The glittering of chandeliers brightened the white tablecloth and white sofa.
	The whole room was as shiny as a crystal castle.
	"Come here, Amy," said Lucy. She pulled out the chair for Amy and Amy sat without any thanks.
	Lucy sat by Amy and clapped her hands. Then, the waiter began to serve food.
	Amy thought she would be in a bad mood to see Philip. However, she hadn't seen him for several days. Therefore, she felt very relaxed.
	All the foods on the table were her favorites. Philip had investigated her likes and dislikes carefully. He was such a conscientious person.
	"Amy, these are your favorites. You don't have to worry so much. Just take it easy and do anything you like," said Lucy, looking at Amy with her blue eyes.
	It suddenly occurred to Amy that Lucy's words were full of profound meanings and she was good at comforting people.
	"Thank you," said Amy. She figured it out and decided that she would live her life the way she liked from now on. She weren't afraid of anything because she had made the worst choice.
	Lucy smiled. She liked smiling and Amy loved her perfect white teeth.
	Amy smiled, too. Then, they began to enjoy the dinner together.
	Although they looked gentle and elegant, their appetite was so amazing.
	A table of dishes was finished by them in a blink.
	"Ha ha, Amy, I thought I would eat more than you. Now I find that you also have a good appetite," said Lucy. She looked at those empty plates and laughed heartily.
	"Ha ha, I thought the same but you also have a good appetite," Amy repeated her words. They laughed together happily.
	"Since we are full, it's time to help digestion. Let's go shopping and buy many beautiful clothes. You are pretty in black. I want to buy some black clothes, too," said Lucy. She wasn't like a bodyguard but Amy's friend.
	"OK, let's go shopping. I'll pick for you. You have a nice figure so whatever you wear, you will look beautiful," said Amy. She put all of her worries aside now. She thought Lucy was a kind person.
	After drinking some tea, they took a rest and went shopping.
	"Follow them and ensure their safety. More importantly, don't let other people discover you," ordered a person in the dark.
	Amy and Lucy got in the car and Lucy drove to the shopping mall. They shared the idea that rather than let the money go waste, it was better to use it to buy something they liked.
Chapter 323 She was an Insane Patient
	Lucy forgot that she was a bodyguard and her task was to monitor Amy. She wasn't like this before. She used to be a serious bodyguard but was attracted by Amy now.
	They bought things crazily in the shopping mall. It was said that woman in a filthy mood needed to buy something to release her pressure.
	"Aren't you Amy?" someone greeted Amy when they two went shopping happily.
	"Miss Field?" said Lucy with an astonished look.
	Amy knew that it was Allison without turning back. Amy was annoyed to be haunted by her but it was normal to meet her here because she was the secretary of Philip.
	"You're going to be Philip's wife. You must be very happy, right? Do you abandon Richard just because he isn't CEO anymore?" mocked Allison.
	"Allison, how can you defame Amy like that?" said Lucy. She didn't like Allison before. Now the hatred towards her was aggravated after she had heard Allison's words.
	"Lucy, you know nothing about Amy. You'll second that when you truly know her," said Allison.
	"Lucy, we go there to see if there is anything we like. I don't want to hear the bark of this dog," said Amy to Lucy. Her happiness was completely destroyed by Allison so she spoke to Allison without politeness.
	"What did you say? You are such a shameless woman. Aren't you guilty of what you have done to Richard? Philip is already in his 60s. You're blinded by your greed," said Allison. There were several women behind Allison. After hearing her words, they disdained Amy.
	"I can do anything I like. It's none of your business. Please don't be so noisy here and influence our good moods," said Amy. She didn't show any kindness to her.
	"Come on! Help me fight this shameless woman," said Alison towards those women.
	Those women, who were as strong as men, came forward as they heard Allison's order. They were jealous of Amy's beauty. Now Allison's orders incited their hatred towards Amy and they couldn't wait to beat her.
	"I haven't exercised for a long time. Amy, hold the things for me," said Lucy. She handed the paper bag to Amy. She was afraid that the clothes in it would be damaged while fighting.
	"Alright, I haven't exercised for a long time, neither," said Amy. She harbored resentment against Allison for so long. Allison must play an important role in Philip's framing her. Therefore, she decided to teach her a lesson this time.
	The three women pounced upon Amy and Lucy. Lucy came forward while Allison moved back.
	"Lucy, you deal with those women. Allison is for me," said Amy.
	However, those three women weren't pushovers, whose role was to protect Allison. It was not easy for Amy to get close to her.
	Then Amy and Lucy fought with those three women while Allison stood by, sneering at Amy. She thought how diligent Amy was to learn these tricks during the five years of stay in France. But that meant nothing in Allison's eyes. She swore that she would make a fool of Amy today.
	Lucy looked beautiful but was cruel when fighting. She knocked off a woman's feet quickly and then went to deal with the other two women. At this moment, Amy had time to deal with Allison so she headed for her again.
	Seeing Amy rushing towards her, Allison began to run away. Lucy could win the battle with the three women by herself. She was really a right-hand woman of Philip.
	Amy would never let Allison run away. She ran faster and was about to catch her. At this moment, Allison, however, came to a stop and fell down.
	"What happened? Why did you beat her?" Two police came from the opposite side.
	Allison turned out to see the police coming so she pretended to be beaten down by Amy. The police watched this and came here to ask her what happened.
	"My dear sister, what's the matter with you? Sir, she is my sister. She is an insane patient so she will beat people without any reason. Therefore, I need to prevent her from harming others," said Amy. She immediately squatted beside Allison and faked a painful look, thinking in her heart, "Allison, since you like pretending, I'll play with you."
	"An insane patient? Please take her home and do not harm others," said the police. After the police heard that Allison was an insane patient, they looked at Amy with disgusted looks and moved back slightly.
	"Alright, I'll take her home. Thank you, sir," said Amy. She smiled at Allison. Allison wanted to tell the police that she wasn't insane but the police had trusted Amy's words.
	"Sir, I'm not insane. I am not insane!" yelled Allison.
	Amy gave Allison a smack immediately and beat her head strongly. Allison's face was bunged up.
	"My sister becomes ill again, sir. It's OK. Later she will say whom she works for. She keeps talking bullshit like this every day," Amy explained to the police.
	"I work for Philip. Sir, please arrest her! Arrest her!" yelled Allison.
	Hearing her words, the police shook their head and wondered what happened to this world. Why were there so many people with mental illness? These people didn't know how much pressure they were under.
	The police left. Allison still lay on the floor. There were many people around, recording videos and sending them to the Internet. The videos showed people a story in which an insane patient who disturbed the public was prevented by her sister.
	"Amy, I will revenge myself on you one day," said Allison in an angry tone.
	"What? You want to cut people's heads? That is definitely impossible. You can't be so ruthless to those innocent people. Is there anyone who has ropes? I want to string her up to prevent her from hurting people. She has hurt many people in my country home, who are still in the hospital," Amy said to the watching people.
	"I have ropes. One member of my family was cut off his head by a psychopathic killer. I hate such kind of person," said a young man, walking out of the crowed with a reel of nylon lines in his hands.
Chapter 324 The Night Before the Wedding
	When Amy asked for ropes, a young man walked out of the crowd with ropes in his hands. Amy smiled after she saw the nylon lines, which could tie people tightly. She thought this person was really interesting to carry a reel of nylon ropes with him.
	Amy wanted to threaten Allison before. Since there were ropes, she had to string her up.
	"Amy, you fucking bitch! I will revenge myself on you. How dare you string me up," yelled Allison. She didn't care about how she looked now.
	"Your sister is badly ill. We should send her to a mental institution, where she can get a shot which can make her calm down. Miss, if you find it difficult to do that, I can help you," said the warmhearted man to Amy.
	"Thanks but no. Although she is badly ill, it is better to take her home," said Amy. She didn't want to waste time on Allison.
	"Alright. If you need any help, just let me know," said the warmhearted man. He gave a look at Amy and left.
	Amy tied Allison up and took her to the place where Lucy fought with those three women. When the police came over, they stopped fighting and checked their wounds across the mirror.
	Lucy was waiting for Amy anxiously. She was afraid that Amy would be harmed by Allison but she smiled after she saw Amy coming over with Allison tied up.
	Amy was pretty smart, with whom even Allison was in an unfavorable situation.
	Those three women saw Allison was tied up, put down their mirrors and ran towards her.
	"How can you treat Allison like this? You are so cruel. Loosen the ropes!" The three women scolded Amy. They needed to make a living by protecting Allison.
	"You just take her away. I don't want to bother to take her with me. Allison, I just want you to know that bad deeds rebound upon the doer," said Amy. Then she passed Allison to those women.
	"Well, haven't you enjoyed the happiness of fighting to the full? Let's go to the boxing club, where we can fight with no one disturbing us," said Lucy fiercely. Without the police, she would have beaten these three women strongly and made them cry bitterly.
	"Let's go and stay away from these rude women. Revenge is a dish best served cold," said Allison. She was in a bad mood and her face was painful after being smacked and beaten by Amy. Therefore, she didn't want others to see her in a mess.
	The four of them left in dejection while Amy and Lucy were in good spirits because they won the fight against those annoying women.
	"We have bought enough clothes today. Let's get back," said Amy to Lucy.
	"No. We haven't had a facial and body beautification. You have been tired all day. Let's go to have a massage," suggested Lucy. She was really good at enjoying herself. She invited Amy to relax.
	"OK, I'd like to do that. My skin is in a bad condition recently," said Amy. She hadn't slept well for many days and looked a little drawn. Therefore, she wanted to make her skin healthier.
	They went to the beauty center together happily.
	Amy was so happy to be with Lucy that day that she forgot that Lucy was here to watch her.
	Amy threw a lot of things she had bought on the sofa. Actually, she didn't know what she bought because she just wanted to buy some stuff to release her pent-up anger. Those things were not necessary for her.
	She had eaten dinner with Lucy outside and there were fruits and yogurt in the refrigerator so she didn't have to go out.
	Lying on the sofa, she turned on the TV. She wanted to call Eliana but she feared that she would care about her too much so that she didn't know how to respond.
	Then she sent a message to Andy. Then without seeing the reply, she took out the SIM card and threw it into the garbage.
	The activities the next day and the third day were the same as those during the first day. Besides going shopping, they went to have a facial and body beautification. In order to meet Philip's demands that Amy should be the most beautiful bride in the world, Amy had to have a facial and body beautification these three days.
	After three days' maintenance, Amy's skin regained its glow. What's more, it seemed that her skin was even better than before, which was very delicate.
	Amy was born to be beautiful. After the maintenance, she was beautiful to the extent that even Lucy would take one more look at her.
	"Amy, I swear you are the most beautiful bride I have ever seen," said Lucy full of praise.
	"Ha ha, it is no using being beautiful," said Amy. She looked at herself in the mirror. After several days' maintenance, her skin was as soft and fair as a baby.
	However, she was in a foul mood. Without seeing Philip for three days, she almost thought she came here for vacation.
	But the fact was very cruel. She would see Philip, the man who caused the bankruptcy of the Newell Group tomorrow morning. And she had to tell the priest that she was willing to marry him. How could she say that words? (Due to Amy's disappearance five years ago, the marriage between Richard and her was valid.)
	"Why do you say that? Women should be beautiful at any time. Although there are some trouble in our lives, we should believe that it will pass one day," said Lucy in a sophisticated way. Amy was surprised at the way she talked.
	"Alright, it's time for you to go to sleep. And I'll wash up now," said Amy. She asked Lucy to leave and sat across the mirror staring blankly.
	The woman in the mirror was really pretty. She touched the mirror, attempting to touch what she really was. There were a lot of matters to deal with. After she received the agreement proving that the cooperation with the Newell Group was valid, she got busy again.
	"Come on, Amy! You should live up to your birth parents' and adoptive parents' expectations. You have already grown up and it's time to repay them for their love," said Amy. Then she rose to her feet.
	The matters of tomorrow were looming, which she seemed to look forward to. What she needed to do was have a good night's sleep.
Chapter 325 Amy, is it Beautiful Here?
	Lucy came to the door of Amy's room at 4 a.m. and knocked at it. People who were responsible for making up and designing style also arrived.
	Amy woke up and opened the door. Without becoming completely awake, she was put on the chair for makeup and the design of style.
	Amy kept closing her eyes for she was still sleepy. She listened to Lucy talking with other people about the grandness of the wedding. They become more and more excited as if they were the bride.
	After Amy changed into her wedding dress, they began to help her with the makeup. Amy just felt that a lot of things were moving on her face. She didn't care about how she looked after the makeup. Instead, what she really cared about was something else.
	Luckily, everything was done after a long time of hard work. Hearing a gasp of astonishment, Amy opened her eyes.
	There was a stunning bride in the mirror, with black and watery eyes. Her brows were the crescent moon, her prominent nose was the jade, and her rosy lips were cherry.
	What surprised Amy most was that she didn't wear western wedding dress but Chinese red dress. What did Philip mean to let her put on this dress? However, the red dress set off Amy's delicate and fair skin, which looked like the snow in winter.
	"That's gorgeous! I can't believe this dress matches Miss Newell so well," said the person who brought the dress here. Amy was like a beauty walking from a painting.
	If she married a person she truly loved, she would like the wedding. When Richard and she got married due to an agreement, there wasn't such a decent wedding. Therefore, regret was ingrained in her heart. Her regret was deepened now because she would marry a heinous man.
	"Alright, time is up. The wedding convoy is coming so we need to go out." Those women got out, leaving Amy and Lucy in the room.
	"Amy, you are so gorgeous. I would fall in love with you if I were a man. What a pity," said Lucy with regret. She couldn't believe that a woman could be so attractive. Suddenly, she also wanted to get married because she thought she would be very beautiful in such an exquisite dress.
	"What regret do you have? You will also a beautiful bride and be doted on by your true love," Amy comforted her. She held Lucy's hands and wanted to say something but ended up saying nothing. There was no one whom she could confide her secrets to.
	"Philip's car is about to come," said a person running in. Soon, Allison came in, wearing a blue dress which covered her nice figure.
	Philip asked Allison to pick up Amy. Didn't he know their resentment towards each other? From Allison's swollen face, Amy realized that she showed no mercy when fighting with her that day.
	"What a beautiful bride! Let's go. Philip asked me to take you to the church," said Allison with complacency. Once Amy married Philip, she could pose no threat to Allison.
	"What are you proud of? You behave as if you are the bride today," said Lucy to Allison angrily.
	"I' am not going to waste another thought on you. The appointment is due. Let's go," said Allison. Since Lucy showed no respect for her, she began to sulk.
	Amy followed Lucy down the stairs and got in Allison's car. When the car started, she became a little nervous. She held Lucy's hands tightly, which were warm and dry. Lucy squeezed Amy's hands as if she wanted to encourage her. However, Amy had no time to think about the specific content of the encouragement.
	They drove slowly, which made Amy a little sleepy. She closed her eyes while Lucy was alert and kept looking out of the window.
	"Amy, wake up. There is something wrong. This is not the way to the church," said Lucy. Allison sought revenge for the smallest grievance. She was beaten to many people's face the day before tomorrow. She must do harm to Amy and Lucy today.
	"OK, I have thought of this early before. But it doesn't matter. The car hasn't stopped yet. Later, we pay it by ear. Don't worry. Philip won't hurt me before the wedding," said Amy calmly. She had expected what Allison would do early before.
	Lucy stared at Amy. The girl in front of her looked so vulnerable but she could beat Allison. She seemed to consider nothing but everything was under her control.
	"You don't have to look at me like that. I know Allison so well so it's easy for me to predict what she is going to do," said Amy. She opened her eyes again, saw Lucy's curious look and rubbed her face gently.
	Although their relationship was awkward, they liked each other.
	"Fine, Philip has already expected what would happen. He will send people to pick us up. There is no need to be worried," said Lucy to Amy secretly.
	They smiled at each other and pretended to sleep.
	Allison sat in front of the car and smirked unpleasantly. She thought, "Amy, do you think you can solve the crisis of the Newell Group after marrying Philip? You are too naive and are doomed to fail. You are not so lucky to marry him." She schemed against Amy and wore a vicious smile.
	They drove for a long distance and finally stopped. Many people got off the car, most of whom were men in black.
	Someone opened the door of Amy and Lucy's car. Allison stood by the car and a sneer of pleasure came over her face.
	"Amy, you don't expect that you will fall into the trap of me. Get off! I'll treat you well," said Allison to Amy. She signaled two men to pull them off the car.
	"Let go! I can go by myself," Amy shouted at the men.
	Amy and Lucy walked out of the car and looked around. Amy didn't know where it was but Lucy knew the place well. This was the place where a lot of people died but the reason for the death was unclear.
	"Amy, is the scenery here beautiful?" asked Allison, walking around Amy.
Chapter 326 I'd Get Company on the Way to Death
	Allison walked around to show the scenery to Amy.
	At that time, daylight revealed all the scenery around.
	Amy found that it was splendid here, where the thin mist of morning whirling around the mountain added mystery to it.
	There was a deep wood and various mountains of different shapes, which were like humans or animals. Set off by the leaves, they could be like anything.
	Although it was splendid here, there were too many trees and very few flowers, which made this place look grim and dreary.
	"The scenery here is very beautiful and this place is also extremely gloomy and dark. Amy, you have no idea how many people have died here. After they passed away, their corpses were buried under the trees. That's why these trees are all tall and strong," said Allison. She told Amy the circumstances of this place.
	She attempted to describe this horrible place to frighten Amy to beg for her forgiveness and let her go. Actually, even Amy yield, she would show her no mercy.
	However, the reaction of Amy disappointed her. There was no fear on Amy's face. Allison thought she was trying to hide her true feelings so she wanted to intimidate her with more horrible description.
	"It is cool and gloomy here the whole year because there are many ghosts. Amy, you are going to keep them company forever. How nice it will be! The staving ghosts must be pleased with the company of such a beautiful woman," said Allison. Then she gloated over Amy's misfortune.
	"I think this is a good place with beautiful scenery and pleasant weather. Allison, since you are irritable, this place is more suitable for you," said Amy.
	Hearing her words, Allison became angry immediately. She hated Amy because she always assumed an air of superiority. She swore she would let Amy know what it was like to be abused.
	"Amy, you are trying to get yourself killed. You two push this woman off the cliff." Amy's face was dark with rage. She motioned those men to push Amy off the cliff.
	Two men came, grasped Amy and took her to the edge of the cliff.
	"Let her appreciate the scenery below the cliff first. It is also very beautiful," said Allison. She ordered the two men to press Amy's head down. Amy took a look at the scenery below, which was extremely deep. One must die without anything left but bones once he fell off the cliff.
	"What do you think of it? I think you must like it very much. Amy, beg me for mercy. I will free you if you beg me for mercy," said Allison in a condescending way.
	Amy took no notice of her. She was aware that this heinous woman just wanted her to give in but she was too naive. She would never submit herself to Allison.
	"Allison, you are thinking too much. It's impossible for me to yield to you. You mean nothing to me. Do you think Philip will let you off if he knows you take me there? You have worked for him for so many years. Aren't you clear what kind of person he is? I'm the bride he chooses. If I die, you won't make it through tomorrow. I'm so glad to leave with you. With your company, I will never feel lonely on the way to death," said Amy to Allison. There was no fear on Amy's face but contempt for Allison.
	Hearing her words, Allison looked at those men, most of whom worked for Philip with a few her relatives. If Philip knew she took Amy here, he wouldn't let her off. Those men would be the witnesses.
	"Ha ha, I am just kidding. It takes some courage to be Mrs. Philip. You have passed the test. Let's go to the church now," said Allison. She thought in one way and behaved in another. She bore grudge against Amy and would kill her one day.
	"Really? It's Philip who requires you to take me there. You are working too hard," said Amy. She had no fear the whole time.
	"Of course, it was Philip's order. Let's get in the car. Time is limited. The wedding is going to start," said Allison. She glanced at her watch. It would be an hour before the wedding started. They were able to catch the wedding so she let people get in the car and drive to the church.
	"Amy, you freaked me out just now. It appeared she meant what she said," said Lucy, who prepared to push Allison off the cliff if she inflicted any damage on Amy.
	"No, she won't. She knows she will be punished if she hurts me. It is just a game of bluff but she will take revenge on me later on. I just need to be careful," said Amy. She wiped the sweat from her forehead. It was the hesitation in Allison's eyes that let Amy risk saying those words. She didn't expect that Allison was so afraid of Philip before.
	Luckily, it all passed. This matter was ingrained in Amy's mind. Allison was going to pay for this.
	They kept driving along. After arriving at the church, Allison came to the car of Amy and opened the door for her politely and deferentially.
	"Amy, don't tell anyone what happened just now or you will pay for what you have done," warned Allison harshly with incompatible deference on her face.
	"Do you think I will fear you once I marry Philip," said Amy and went forward.
	Allison was furious with Amy and thought to herself, "Well, we will see about it, Amy. I'll settle with you soon."
	When Amy walked into the church, Philip was already there. Seeing Amy wearing Chinese red dress, he was a lot shocked. Although it was really beautiful, he still felt uncomfortable.
	Lucy walked in first and said something to Philip. Then he looked better. He was an aggressive person, trying to dominate everything and everyone around him, even a wedding dress.
	The herald took Amy in the church and the wedding song rang though it.
	There were many guests, all of whom wore a weird smile. Looking at strange faces around her, Amy was happy that no one knew her here. Walking through the long corridor, Amy came to Philip.
	Philip stared at Amy and his face wrinkled in a grin.
	He reached out for Amy's hands but she recoiled from his touch quickly.
Chapter 327 Sudden Change in the Wedding
	When Philip tried to pull Amy back, she dodged skilfully. A slight disappointment slid through Philip's face, but he managed to hide it well.
	Lucy brought Amy all the way in front of Philip. The two stood against each other just like that, and the greedy look from Philip gave Amy loads of creeps. But for the sake of everybody there, she kept her mouth shut.
	The priest in robe said a bunch of things, but Amy couldn't hear anything clearly.
	She had been keeping her eyes low, since she hated to see Philip and listen to the priest. All she did was trying to shut herself in a closed space.
	"I do." The old and powerful voice of Philip dragged Amy back to reality.
	He grabbed Amy's tender hands with his aged ones. The sudden move startled Amy quite a bit, who then instinctively tried to shake away his hands.
	But she stood no chance against Philip's strength -- he was holding her hands firmly.
	"Sweetheart, we're a couple now. Stop being afraid. Everything of you will belong to me." Philip stared at Amy with his green eyes like a starving wolf.
	The priest turned to Amy and asked if she'd like to be the wife of the man before her. Amy remained silent.
	"Honey, the priest is asking you. Answer him!" Philip urged Amy.
	Amy looked down at her hands and Philip's. She was in the States now, and there's nothing else she could do about it. The documents she needed, Philip would only hand over to her after they got married.
	"Sweetheart, just answer him." Philip squeezed her hands even harder.
	Everyone there fell into dead silence, waiting for this sacred moment to happen.
	Amy raised her head and casted eyes on Philip, then on all the people that filled the chapel.
	Lucy was standing right behind her. At this moment, she had no other choice but to say those two words.
	Suddenly, the chapel gate was pushed open, and a tall figure showed up at the entrance followed by Dalton Newell and a bunch of cops.
	"She doesn't!" Richard's deep and firm voice pierced through the corridor. Philip pulled Amy behind him immediately.
	"Oh!" The fast movement of the police into the chapel brought in quite the tension for the guests while a number of women began to scream. The police blocked the chapel in a jiffy.
	"What are you doing here?" Philip started to panic. He had no idea why Richard and Dalton would bring all these police.
	"We're not going to do anything. But Mr. Philip Roth, you're suspected to be engaged in an international fraud. We reported this to the police already, so if you have any question, you'll get an answer from the police station." Richard walked towards Philip, but all of a sudden, Philip pushed Amy in front of him with a knife in his hand pointing at Amy's neck.
	Seeing Richard and her own father in the chapel, Amy was completely in shock. She wouldn't expect the ones she had been long to see all this time to show up in this place.
	What she didn't expect either was being used by Philip now. She could feel the tip of the cold dagger poking right at her neck, and would pierce her skin any moment.
	"Amy, don't be scared. I'm gonna get you out of here." Richard was heart-broken to see Amy being held hostage. Rage had filled up his eyes.
	"Hahaha! You guys are too naive! But not bad, not bad! Finding evidence against me in such a short time, huh! But you know what? It doesn't matter to me, because my company is going bankrupt soon, so there's nothing for me to lose. Now you're all going to hell with me!" Philip took a few steps back dragging Amy to look for a safe spot.
	"Richard, what are you doing here? Does that mean Newell Group is fine now?" All Amy wanted now was a clear-cut answer at this point.
	"Yes, it's fine now. Philip brought Newell Group into a fraud, but now we have all the evidence of what he's done, and we're here to arrest him." Richard explained to Amy, contemplating strategies to save her.
	Hearing that the Newell Group had been out of trouble, Amy felt a great relief and that there was nothing to hold her back now.
	"Philip, please don't hurt my child. You can take me, please release my daughter." Mr. Dalton Newell walked towards Philip, limping from both the waist injury that wasn't fully recovered and the exhaustion from collecting Philip's evidence over the last days.
	"You can save it, Mr. Newell. All I want is her. I love her. There's no way I'm giving her back to you. I know I'm not going to jail because I'm dying today. But it's okay, because I'll die with the woman I love and there's no regret on my side." Philip held Amy tightly. He could feel the energy of youth from her body. He would die a happy man now.
	"You asshole! Let my daughter go!" Dalton made a few steps forward.
	"Step back! Otherwise I'll kill her right now!" Philip squeezed the knife tighter to Amy and cut her skin open, and blood started to run down from her neck.
	"Roth, you're surrounded now. Your men were all taken down. Now let go of the hostage and come with us!" The police force already put Philip's men under control and were now trying to work on him.
	"You think I'm stupid? The moment I let her go, there will be hundreds of bullets going through my body. I'm not gonna die here and I'm leaving. You gotta give me a car and 100 thousand. I'm getting outta here. If I don't get them in 10 minutes, well, you can then take her body. Hahahaha!" Philip looked around with his green eyes. Everyone here wanted Amy safe, and he could use it as a leverage to get out of here.
	"Dad, Richard, just leave me. Take this bastard and don't let him run away! Don't let more people suffer from him! I'll be fine." Amy said to Richard.
	"Shut up! You want to die now? No way! You're my wife and we haven't had sex yet. I'm not gonna let you die now!" Philip was enraged. His hands were trembling, causing more blood to trickle down from Amy's neck.
	If Philip didn't hold Amy this tight, Amy could've tried escaping. But Philip was a skilled and crafty man. The way he held Amy from the back made it impossible for her to get away.
	"Lucy, when the things are ready, you bring them and we'll all get outta here." Philip said to Lucy who was standing next to him.
	"OK." Lucy responded as she walked behind Philip. He taught everything to her himself. She was his best student.
	"Ah!" With a muffled sound, Philip slowly fell on the ground.
Chapter 328 Arresting Philip
	Philip slowly fell on the ground, before he could do anything else to Amy. Nobody could see clearly what exactly happened.
	After the fall, Lucy came out from behind, clapped her hands and said to the police, "You can take him now."
	Philip was lying on the ground, strengthless. He looked at Lucy in a shocking face: was this really his bodyguard? Why would she do that to him at this moment?
	"Don't look at me. You should be thankful that I didn't take revenge. I'm handing you over to the police and they'll give you what you deserve." Lucy said to Philip.
	The cops swarmed forward and handcuffed Philip right away. The guests were all in shock and couldn't find a proper reaction to what was happening.
	Philip was taken away by the police. Richard already ran to Amy and was about to carry her in his arms and sent her to the hospital.
	"It's OK, nothing serious. I'm not going to the hospital." Amy waved her hands and tucked herself deep in Richard's arms – it was the best place for her now.
	"I'm so sorry, kid." Dalton looked at Amy's pale face with worried eyes, then raised his hand to brush her hair.
	"Dad, please call Mom, would you? She's really worried about you since you were gone. Maybe you can also tell her about me. I made her worried too." The wound on Amy's neck was indeed not deep. The blood was already dry by then.
	"Richard, you owe me a wedding." She raised her head and gently kissed Richard's chin.
	"I remember that. We'll have an unforgettable wedding, I promise. I'm so sorry, sweetheart. It's my fault. I didn't protect you well and made you suffer." Regardless of Amy's words, Richard still decided to bring her to the hospital.
	On the way there, Amy fell asleep. Finally she could relax a little. As for that Lucy, it was not her interest for now. All she needed at the moment was a good rest.
	Amy had no idea how she got to and out of the hospital. All she knew was that she felt really safe and reassured in Richard's embrace, which she had never felt before. She slept so deep that night that even if Richard would leave her alone, she wouldn't wake up. But of course Richard wouldn't do that.
	When Amy opened her eyes again, the first person she saw wasn't Richard though. It was Lucy.
	"Amy, you're up! That's great. I'll call everybody!" Seeing Amy was awake, Lucy put on a big smile on her face, revealing her white teeth. It was heart-warming smile.
	"Wait. How long have I been out?" Amy felt quite refreshed after this long sleep.
	"By days it would be two. By hours… it was just over 30 hours." Lucy made a calculation.
	'Over 30 hours! I haven't slept that much in the last few months.' Amy thought to herself.
	Lucy went out to fetch everyone since Amy didn't ask her further questions.
	The people who then walked into the room all came to deliver food. Amy had been out for too long, so everything Richard ordered his people to cook was all so soupy.
	"I want to eat meat." Staring at the porridge and soymilk in the bowl, Amy said.
	"Tonight. Now you need to eat this. You've been sleeping for a really long time. Richard's worried that your stomach can't deal with too much food right now." Lucy stuck to the rule. Whatever Richard asked her to do, she would make sure to execute it well.
	Amy didn't insist. She ate two bowls of porridge and drank some milk, but still felt not full without any meat.
	"Alright, Amy. Don't worry. Richard told me to bring you to a nice restaurant tonight. Now you just slowly wake up your stomach. You slept for so long. Everyone was worried. But the doctor said you were just too tired, both physically and mentally. A good rest would make you feel much better." Lucy asked her men to clean up the dishes and brought in Amy's clothes.
	Amy realized that she had changed already, wearing a slip dress pyjama.
	"Who changed for me?" Amy thought the dress looked a bit familiar.
	"Of course me. We bought this together the other day. One for me and one for you. Mine is red, and yours is white. Don't you remember?" Lucy sounded like she and Amy were very close.
	Amy remembered now. She almost forgot that.
	Feeling half full, Amy still felt like eating something. She looked around the room, which seemed a bit foreign to her. She couldn't tell which hotel she was staying in.
	"Where am I?" Amy asked in curiosity.
	"Richard rented this place. He didn't have a place to live in after he came here, so he rented this place. I found this. What do you think?" Lucy seemed quite proud.
	"Well, quite nice. But Lucy, aren't you Philip's bodyguard? Why do you seem so close to Richard?" Amy felt a little jealous to see the two being in such a good term.
	"Hahaha! Well, let me tell you. My parents died when I was still a kid. Philip brought me up. He put me in school, let me practice martial arts, and I was his best bodyguard. But my parents were actually killed by him so that he could steal my parents' business. He didn't kill me back then because he wanted to use me. He made me do things for him. He thought nobody knew about the history, but words do travel in this world." There was still a trace of anger in Lucy's voice.
	"Philip sent me to a school in France, where Richard and I became classmates. He even taught me Finger Pointing Manipulations. This is what I did to Philip the day before, that's why he suddenly lost all strengths and couldn't fight back anymore." Lucy told Amy briefly how she and Richard got to know each other.
	This was what happened! Philip would probably never have thought that he would hurt himself by his own doing.
	"Let's take a walk. It's beautiful around this house. Richard and Mr. Newell went testifying already. Today is the day for Philip's trial. They found a lot of evidence, so both of them are not here today. And they asked me to take care of you."
	Lucy noticed that Amy was still looking around and knew she was looking for Richard.
	"So a few months ago when Richard went to the States, it was because of this?" Amy recalled the day when she went to France looking for Dalton, she saw Richard in the departure hall going to the US.
	"Yes. I noticed something back then and told Richard, then he came here. He already sent people looking into this before. The funniest part is that although many were checking on Philip and he was hiding himself from them, he had no idea I was one of those people too." Lucy said with a grudge.
Chapter 329 A Spontaneous Shopping
	No wonder Lucy was so nice to me when she saw me. 'It's because she went to school with Richard.' Amy thought.
	"Thanks a lot this time, Lucy." Amy felt a bit shameful for being jealous about Lucy just now. She seemed to be a really nice person.
	"No need to thank me. When I learned that Philip killed my family, I wanted to take his life away back then. Richard stopped me and said I should send him into prison in legal ways. So he would be staying in there for the rest of his life, which isn't long anyways." Lucy spoke honestly. She was also doing a favor for herself this time.
	As they talked, Amy already had herself changed. It was the clothes she bought when she just arrived at the States, and Lucy brought it to her.
	"You look gorgeous whatever you wear, Amy. You're my role model. In the future I'll ask for your help if I want to buy new clothes." Lucy looked at Amy, who had a medium-sized figure and fit for pretty much whatever she wore, and couldn't help admiring.
	Amy looked back at Lucy. The latter had a sexy and tempting kind of body and dressed herself boldly, which was a good fit for her personality.
	"You have an amazing body, Lucy. You're so hot! And the way you dress… you must be quite a head-turner." Amy praised.
	"You bet. I had men whistling to me when I went out, but most of them ended up taking my fists. But I rarely go out, and when I do, it's usually for a fight." Lucy seemed a bit blue about it. She'd like to make a change about her fierce and tough personality.
	Amy looked at Lucy's outfit and couldn't help feeling sorry for those beaten by her. You couldn't blame those guys for feeling erotic seeing her fine body, not to mention she was usually dressed in hot pants and crop tops. No man could resist her long, slender legs, but being punished for that was a little crucial.
	"Do you feel any discomfort, Amy?" Lucy asked.
	"Nope. I feel really good today." Amy said in a bright tone.
	"Then let's go shopping! We didn't have much time the other day. So how about we go today and you help me pick some outfits?" Lucy was definitely one with spontaneity.
	"Sure, let's go shopping." Amy was in a good mood and the thought of shopping added more to it.
	The two took off their impromptu plan right away.
	They went to the same mall as last time. Lucy was a big fan of this mall, because you could find all kinds of style of clothing here. She had no idea which style fit her best.
	Amy helped her in choosing the right outfit. Until then did Lucy realize that she indeed had a good physique and looked nice in every garment. She just didn't pick the right style for herself.
	She looked at herself in the mirror – a slender woman in black T-shirt and straight-leg jeans, with a pair of simple white sneakers.
	She had her blond hair tied casually in a bun on top, and realized that she looked amazing in such simple outfit.
	"Wow, Lucy, your legs are so long! The outfit suits you very much." Amy was full of praise at Lucy.
	"Hahaha! I can't believe I can wear something like this. I always thought I wasn't good for such simple and youthful kind of clothes." Lucy was pretty happy about what Amy picked for her.
	They said shopping was addictive. It was definitely true for Lucy. Ever since she bought that set just now, she couldn't stop shopping for more. Now that she finally found her style, she was happy as a clam.
	Probably influenced by Lucy's joy, Amy treated herself a few sets too. She also didn't go for only black this time, but more of white and grey. She didn't even notice this subtle change herself.
	After picking all they needed, the two went on to checkout. But when they were at the cashier, they were told that somebody had already paid.
	The two were stunned. This was in the United States. Who would have paid for them?
	"May I ask what kind of person paid for us?" Amy wanted to make sure whoever paid for them didn't mistake them for someone else.
	"It was a really handsome man. Dressed tastefully, and also very tall." The cashier said with an admiring face.
	Lucy pulled Amy and suggested that it wouldn't work to ask her. And why should they care? It was a good thing that someone else paid for them, wasn't it? They left the mall hand in hand and went to a nearby café.
	"Amy, let me buy you a cup of coffee. They make really good coffee here, and also their cakes, they're my favorite." Lucy brought Amy to the café and ordered two cups of latte, and a bunch of cakes and other desserts.
	Amy was already quite hungry since the tiny porridge she ate after she woke up. So she didn't say no to Lucy's hospitality.
	When the cakes were served, the two started to dig in joyfully. Life could be so beautiful without any mental stress.
	While eating, Lucy's phone made a sound of notification. She opened it and suddenly her face was filled with pleasant surprise.
	"Amy, have a look. Do you think this dress looks good?" Lucy handed over her phone.
	Amy just tucked in a mouthful of cake when she looked up at Lucy with an adorable face.
	It was a red Chinese wedding dress in the picture, much more beautiful than the one she wore the day before. The delicate embroidery indicated the preciousness of it.
	"Nice, really nice! Are you gonna wear it on your wedding, Lucy?" Amy took a deep liking towards the dress right away.
	"I also think it's beautiful! I'm gonna wear something like this when I get married." Lucy liked it even more after hearing the comment from Amy. In her eyes, Chinese wedding dresses were much more interesting than the western ones. She was even planning on marrying a Chinese man.
	"Hello, beautiful ladies. May I sit down next to you?" Somebody came in with a greeting.
	Kingsley Carr just came from work and saw Amy and Lucy when he came in.
	He of course knew that Amy's problems were already handled and felt happy for her. That's why he bought the clothes for them at the mall as a gift.
	"Hi, Kingsley!" Amy moved inward a little. She knew he was going to sit next to her - and so did he. His pretty face captured Lucy immediately.
Chapter 330 Richard's Crisis
	Kingsley sat down next to Amy with a bad-boy smile on his face. Realizing Lucy was staring at him, he smiled back to her, which made his already-good-looking face an absolute killer.
	"This beautiful lady must be Lucy, right? I have heard so much about you. You've done such a big favor to Amy this time!" Kingsley was indeed a know-all.
	"How could you know this?" Amy looked at him in astonishment.
	"Well, it's a small world. Words go around, you know. I remember I told you when we broke up that things aren't as bad as you think." Kingsley said to Amy and then looked at Lucy.
	"Haha. My name is Lucy. It wasn't much of a favor. I was more like doing myself one." Lucy seemed a bit shy with blush on her cheeks.
	"Let me treat you to a nice dinner after this. Please give me the face and don't reject me."
	Kingsley said to the two pretties. Lucy for sure would say yes, while Amy hesitated a little before accepting. Kingsley gave her a helping hand by reminding her back then when she was being irrational. She was the kind of person who would never forget other's kindness.
	Kingsley already booked the restaurant, so he took them there after the three finished their coffee and desserts.
	You couldn't expect too much when eating Chinese food in the States. Most of the time, the restaurants just didn't have the right ingredients and the right chefs. But the one the three went to was not a bad one and was even full of people. Luckily, Kingsley already made a reservation.
	They went into their private room, and Kingsley started to flatter the two by servicing them himself. Lucy couldn't take her eyes off him. Obviously she was already falling for him.
	"This is chicken cubes with cayenne pepper, and this is sweet and sour spare ribs. This twice-cooked pork dish is also a well-known one in China. Have a try! This is the only restaurant around here that could do a real pungent and spicy taste. You can't find this anywhere else." He said as he put food into the girls' plates. What a gentleman.
	Amy took a bite. It was indeed not the real taste, and it was already the best one around here! But clearly this was already too spicy for Lucy that she couldn't stop breathing hard.
	"You think this is not hot enough? I'm dying here! It's too spicy! Too hot!" Lucy almost cried from the spiciness.
	When she put the spare rib in her mouth, she felt in love with the combination of sourness and sweetness right away.
	"I like this one. It's so tasty!" She took in a few more pieces and put some on Amy and Kingsley's plates. This was the best dish for her on the table.
	It was a pleasant dinner for the three of them. Kingsley's eyes lingered on Amy the whole time. As for what he had been thinking in his head, nobody knew.
	After dinner, Kingsley left for work, leaving the two girls alone. Lucy also drove Amy back to her place.
	"Where have you been? You've bought so much stuff… right, right, you should do some shopping, indeed. You girls should look prettiest!" Dalton was so glad to see Amy and Lucy back.
	He took over the shopping bags in their hands and continued, "Amy, do you still have enough money? This is some money for you. Get something nice for yourself. We'll take our private jet back, don't worry!" He handed Amy one of his cards.
	Amy laughed. He had his own money?
	"Dad, you have your own money? Hahaha, interesting!" Amy laughed so hard that her eyes turned into crescents.
	"Of course I do! Men should always have their own wallet. Your mother never bothered to ask, but I like to buy her stuff with money that she doesn't know." Dalton said proudly.
	Alright. Maybe this was the kind of romance between parents. Dad was the boss of the Newell Group. He was in no way short of money.
	"Dad, I won't take it. You buy stuff for Mom with this money. If I take it, then how about Mom?" Amy gave the card back to Dalton.
	"No problem. I'll save some more. It's also my pleasure to give you money. Just take it. After I go back this time, your mom will for sure scold me really hard. So tomorrow you're going shopping with me. I'm going to get something for your mom, and you too. This way your mom won't be mad at me that much." Dalton couldn't let his wife know what happened at that time because things were too urgent. Also, he wasn't 100% sure back then.
	It was his duty to make his wife happy, since he left her worried. So he asked Amy to help him with the gift, hopefully then his wife would forgive him for the sake of her own daughter.
	"Sure. I'll buy something for Mom too. I made her worried when I left home." Amy lowered her head. How worried she must have been! Both she and Dalton didn't let her know where Amy went.
	"You guys are back? Take some rest, we're going out for dinner tonight." Richard came out from the room. His beard grew longer since he had been too busy to shave the last days.
	"Richard, I bought you a razor." Amy got him a razor today at the mall.
	"Oh really? Thanks! I indeed have to shave now." Richard said in a delightful tone. He touched his beard – indeed quite long now.
	Seeing Amy finding the razor precisely from a bunch of things and handing it over to him, Richard smiled.
	"I wanna have a rest now. Kingsley invited us for dinner. We met him in a café this afternoon." The girls decided to go back to their room now, since shopping was basically a workout for them.
	"Alright then. You girls take a rest. We'll eat later." Dalton said to both of them.
	The girls went inside, and Dalton and Richard sat down on the sofa.
	"This time besides Lucy's help, someone else helped us too. I think that person is Kingsley." Dalton said to Richard.
	"Yea, I figured that too. Although he never showed, but my instinct tells me it must be him." Richard nodded.
	Kingsley had no history with the Newell Group, but did them such a big favor this time. Richard could sense a bit of a crisis from Kingsley now, who must have fallen for Amy. Looked like he needed to fasten his pace now.
Chapter 331 I Need A Bride
	After taking care of everything in the States, they decided it was time to go back to China now. Lucy held Amy's hands tight and didn't want to let go.
	"Lucy, why don't you come with us?" Amy could see the sadness in Lucy's eyes.
	"I'm waiting for you to say that! I'll go get my things right now!" Turned out Lucy had already packed everything and was just waiting for an invitation.
	It wouldn't be likely that Richard would do it, neither would Dalton. So only Amy could invite her to go with them.
	Lucy was smart to get Amy say so. She knew nobody would say no to what Amy wanted.
	Dalton came to the US in his private jet, so this time he could fly back with his family too.
	Lucy was extremely happy when the plane landed. This time she could be with people she liked, and also, she'd be able to see Kingsley very often. Things seemed to be going well for her.
	"Amy, this is my first time to China. It's such a beautiful place. I love it here!" She held Amy with one hand, and the other her suitcase. Everything she saw excited her.
	"I like it here too, Lucy. I'll take you to a lot of restaurants and a lot of interesting places!" Amy really liked Lucy's character. Plus, she saved Amy's life.
	"That would be so great! I'm going to settle down in China and start my family here." She even managed to name a Chinese idiom.
	The two walked happily together, followed by Richard and Dalton. Richard said,
	"Mr. Newell, please don't forget what you promised me."
	Dalton shot a glance at Richard, then at his daughter, clenched his teeth and nodded, "No, I won't. I promise."
	"Mommy, Daddy, Grandpa, I'm here!" Ugly had keen eyes and saw his parents and grandfather coming out of the airport from afar.
	"Sweetie, you came to pick us! Thank you!" Dalton saw his grandson and squatted down, wanting to pick him up.
	"Grandpa, you can't carry me. You waist is hurt!" Ugly, the nickname of Amy's son, Allen, held Dalton's face and left a kiss on him.
	"Aw, what a sweet boy! Then Grandpa will carry you when I'm recovered." Dalton kissed Allen back.
	At this time, Allen already jumped in front of Richard and demanded him to swing him high up.
	Richard picked up Allen and raised him above his head, which made Allen giggle. Dad seemed to be the most useful person at such moments, because he had the strength to play this exciting game with Allen.
	Dexter Butler helped Dalton get into the car, then Amy also hopped in, before they parted ways.
	"Honey, it's all my fault." Dalton apologized to his paled-face wife Eliana Rice immediately after getting into the car.
	"It isn't your fault. You just wanted to save our daughter. I don't blame you." Eliana said in a tired voice. She was no longer worried now that things were solved thanks to her husband and Richard.
	"Honey, I'm so sorry. I shouldn't have let you worry." Dalton held her in his arms so that they could be closer to each other.
	Amy rested for a few days at home after that. Now that everything was solved, she could finally feel at ease.
	She slept until waking up by herself every day, then ate something, before falling back asleep. Since Eliana was taking care of everything in the company, Amy thought it would be inappropriate to be there herself, so she just took the opportunity to stay at home and enjoy a bit of a relaxing time.
	But such days didn't last long. One morning she was still in bed, but her beautiful dream was suddenly interrupted by a call from Richard.
	"Richard, what is it?" Amy answered the phone with a strong nasal sound. She was still a bit pissed at Richard waking her up.
	"Amy, I have done you a big favor this time, so I guess it's fair that you do me one in return." Richard didn't try to hide his intent.
	"Sure, go ahead." Amy was prepared for this, and she was about to do that anyways since Richard gave her a big helping hand this time.
	"My wedding the day after tomorrow, I need a bride. Also I have set up a new company and need a new assistant. It seems only you can fulfill both." Richard told Amy in the phone.
	"New assistant, yes. Bride, no. You haven't told my parents yet." Amy was completely awake by now. Everything Richard told her was like a stone thrown right into her heart. He needed a bride! The day after tomorrow!
	"I'm at your house right now, and I've told your parents about it. They both consented to it, so now it's only about you." Richard said as he looked at Eliana and Dalton.
	Eliana had no idea that the two had cleared up their misunderstanding already, so she insisted that Amy made her own decision.
	"What? You're at my house?" Amy immediately sprang out of bed hearing that and looked into the mirror. Fortunately her eyes didn't look so puffy from the sleep.
	She hung up the phone and freshened up as quickly as possible. She changed in a hurry and then rushed downstairs.
	Richard was indeed in the living room, so were her parents. It seemed like they just had a pleasant conversation.
	"Amy, no need to rush it. I'll be waiting for you here." Richard said in a humorous tone as he saw Amy in a hurry.
	Amy paused, walking slowly to Eliana and sitting next to her.
	"Amy, Richard already told us about you guys. But I didn't know whether you have forgiven him, so I'll leave the choice to you." Eliana held her daughter's hands. The last thing she wanted was that Amy would feel compromised.
	"Yeah, Mom, I've already forgiven him. There was a bit of a misunderstanding between us, but now it's gone." Amy had a blush on her face.
	"I see. That's good, that's good. You're already a couple, it's important that you guys don't have any misunderstanding against each other. Richard already planned everything for the wedding and showed it to us. I like the plan, so does your father. How about you take a look too? We didn't have to take care of anything this time, but nevertheless, I'll prepare you a rich dowry." Eliana looked at her daughter, then at her husband. Richard was an outstanding man. If he would continue treating Amy well as he did now, their marriage would be a perfect one.
	"Oh right, Richard told us that after the wedding, you'll help him with the new company as a return of favor for this time. What do you think?" Eliana thought of the other request from Richard.
	After what happened over the last days, Amy felt that she indeed needed more training to become the person she had always wanted to be. Since Richard offered such a chance, it would be stupid not to seize it and make something out of it. So of course she would say yes.
Chapter 332 Mr. Kingsley Is in the Mood
	Amy did not expect that her wedding with Richard would be so grand. In such a short time, Richard could prepare so well. What touched her most was that the bride's dress she would wear was the same dress Lucy showed her when she was in America.
	It was a Chinese-style dress. Amy wore her wedding dress twice in just one month.
	But this one was even better than the last one. The hand-embroidered peonies were just like blooming on the dress.
	Wearing a chaplet and official robes, the woman in the mirror amazed Amy.
	It turned out that she could be so pretty. With the red lips and pink cheeks, she didn't look like a mother who already had a child over five years old.
	"Amy, you're so beautiful! Every time you can surprise me. I'm going to fall in love with you." Lucy looked at Amy, praising her.
	"Of course you will. My Amy is the most beautiful bride." Hannah also praised Amy's looks. Having known Amy for so many years, Amy amazed her once again today.
	There were two bridesmaids today, Lucy and Hannah. Both of them were wearing pink cheongsams and looked pretty. Lucy almost couldn't walk in her cheongsam. But she loved it and said she wouldn't take it off for a few days.
	Richard came to pick up Amy with a bouquet and covered Amy's head with a cover, holding her hand and slowly walking out.
	Such a grand wedding made many women envy. At this time, Allison was in the hotel across the street. Looking at such a scene, she clenched her fists and her knuckles were white.
	"Amy, you're really lucky to have so many people helping you. But it is useless. Richard has been driven out of the HD Group. He will soon come to me, crying and begging. You won't be happy for long." Allison thought to herself.
	Allison's nails sank into her palms. She did not feel the pain. The pain in her heart was more serious than the pain from the palm of her hand.
	She saw Andy in the crowd and could not see Andy's expression clearly. But she knew he would not look good. Andy loved Amy. This wedding was also a blow to him. Allison had a plan inside.
	"Allison, you wanted to see me?" Jacob came in and saw Allison standing by the window and watching the grand wedding.
	"Hey, Jacob." Allison looked aggrieved.
	"It's okay, baby. I'll give you a grander wedding! Since you have been divorced from Philip, why don't we get married?" Jacob walked behind Allison and let her lean on his shoulder.
	Allison leaned on Jacob's shoulder. She looked down and had many schemes and intrigues.
	"Jacob, I know you're a good man. But I can't marry you now. Look how arrogant that woman is. She set Mr. Philip up. If I can't avenge Mr. Philip, I will be a heartless woman, right? After I get my revenge, I'll marry you. Jacob, what's your hurry? I'm yours." Allison leaned against Jacob and pouted.
	Although Jacob felt that there was something wrong with Allison's words, he still listened to her. Allison was Jacob's goddess. Without Allison, he wouldn't get the HD Group.
	"Alright. Allison, I will help you get revenge. Your concern is mine! Is there something you want me to do today?" Jacob asked the woman in his arms.
	"Sure. Jacob, I may go out recently and leave you in R City. Please help me watch Amy and Richard. If they are together, it will be much more difficult for us to deal with them. We have to think of a way." Allison hugged Jacob's waist and pressed her face to his chest.
	"OK. I'll do whatever you say. I will always listen to you." Jacob was stupid and liked Allison very much. So, he only listened to Allison.
	"Alright, just do that. By the way, please let your mom do that too. I won't be out for long and will be back soon." Allison said to Jacob.
	"OK. Allison, I wonder when you are going to pay me the compensation. It's such a large sum of money. The shareholders have been asking me about it." Allison had not paid the HD Group for the money she used to set Amy up last time.
	"Jacob, it's not that I don't want to pay you, but that the assets of Mr. Philip's company have been frozen, and he was framed and sent to jail. We have no money for the time being." Allison said and burst into tears.
	"Well, Allison, it's okay. Don't cry. I will think of a way." Jacob softened while seeing Allison's tears.
	"Thank you, Jacob. You're the best to me. As soon as Mr. Philip is released, I'll let him pay you the money." Allison wiped her tears.
	Jacob was really stupid and had no idea what happened in America. Philip had been jailed for international fraud. But Jacob was still pressing for the breach of contract, which would never be paid.
	Allison thought Jacob was foolish and she had to continue to find another man. This Jacob was really stupid.
	After cheated Jacob, Allison made excuses to avoid sleeping with him. She tried to avoid this kind of man as much as possible.
	After sending Jacob away, Allison was about to close the door when she saw someone looking at her. She turned around and saw Kingsley with a teasing smile on his face.
	"Ms. Allison, the lady of the Field Group in R City. I've heard so much about you." Seeing that Allison did not speak to him, Kingsley greeted Allison first.
	"Mr. Kingsley, what are you doing in R City at this time? Are you here for Amy's wedding?" Allison also knew Kingsley.
	Kingsley was the first son of the Carr family in DL City. But he always loafed around. So, his grandfather was very disappointed with him. The huge family fortune was almost divided by other members of the Carr family.
	"No. They will not invite me, and I am not familiar with them. But why is the beautiful Ms. Allison also here and watching the grand wedding? Didn't you receive an invitation?" Kingsley looked at Allison with a faint smile.
	Allison looked at Kingsley. This man was much smarter than Jacob. She heard he was very horny. Now that he accosted her, could it be that he fell in love with her?
	Allison had an idea and decided to seduce Kingsley, seeing if this man was interested in her.
Chapter 333 Sweet Marriage Day
	Seeing that Kingsley was greeting her, Allison wiggled her hips and walked over, standing in front of Kingsley.
	Kingsley touched Allison's face and smiled more brightly.
	Allison then leaned on him, but Kingsley dodged. Allison fell to the ground. Kingsley did not help her at all.
	"Mr. Kingsley, you are really not a gentleman. Why didn't you help me while seeing I was going to fall?" Allison felt that she was very humiliated.
	"I know if I'm a man and I won't let you know. Whatever you think. I am going to rest." With that, Kingsley closed the door.
	Allison got up from the ground. She kicked the door of Kingsley's room hard in anger. But since she kicked too hard, she hurt her foot.
	Allison limped back to her room and threw herself on the big bed.
	"Honey, are you satisfied with your husband's performance today?" all the guests left. Richard had drunk some wine and walked into the bridal chamber.
	The bridal chamber was the bedroom she and Richard used to live. It was red and bright now.
	"Well, not too bad." Amy lifted the cover. This wedding was really like the ancient one, impressive and unforgettable.
	"Just not too bad?" Richard walked over and sat next to Amy, staring at Amy affectionately.
	"Good, I guess." Amy moved backward.
	"Just good?" Richard moved toward Amy again.
	Since he was too happy and had had too much wine today, he felt a little dizzy now.
	"Amy, don't move. I'm dizzy. I want you." Richard fixed Amy's head, and approached her.
	Amy didn't struggle or resist, letting him kiss her on the lips.
	Kissing could not satisfy Richard. He wanted more and began to take off Amy's clothes. The Chinese-style dress used special buttons, which made him fail to take off the dress after trying hard for a long time.
	Richard was a little impatient. He tore up the beautiful bridal dress. Amy's heart lurched.
	Before she could react, Richard had gone for her and pressed on her. Richard really experienced feelings of desire being satisfied.
	This morning, they did not know how long they had slept, and no one came to call them. When Amy woke up, it was already ten o'clock. Last night, Richard was so excited that they didn't sleep until early in the morning.
	Amy opened her eyes and looked at Richard next to her. It was said that time was a file that wore and made no noise. After so many years, Richard's face had not changed at all. He was just more mature and more handsome.
	Amy couldn't help but get closer to try to kiss Richard's rosy lips. But just as she closed her eyes and hadn't been close, someone pushed her head to Richard's lips, so that Richard could enjoy kissing her again.
	"Richard, did you wake up long ago?" Amy was almost suffocating from the kiss.
	"Yes. I enjoy watching you sleep so soundly next to me. I love that feeling. It makes me feel secure. Baby, we've missed a lot of time. So, let's make up for it." As he said that, Richard got excited again.
	"Are you going to kill yourself? We have made love several times last night. We'll be together for a long time. You have to be moderate in sex. You know, you are in your thirties." Amy loved Richard and tried to push him away.
	"I will be moderate in the future. But today is the first day of our marriage. Do you have the heart to let me endure my desire? Honey, I will definitely listen to you in the future. Why don't you just satisfy me today? OK?" Richard took Amy's hand and acted like a child.
	Amy had no choice but to let him go on. It was said that men always thought with their penises. It seemed that it was true.
	Since he got married, Richard gave himself a few days off to spend time with Amy at home and enjoy their world.
	"How are you, Mrs. Carter?" Amy was making tea when she heard someone behind her. Before she turned around, she heard the familiar voice.
	"Robin?" Amy turned her head. She looked at Robin, who hadn't changed after all these years, and gave him a hug.
	"Mrs. Carter, I'm glad that you're okay. Ms. Cathy and Mr. Carter were worried about you." Robin wiped his tears.
	"Well, Robin, thanks for your concern. Thanks to you taking care of Richard and mom these years, so that they have been living a comfortable life." Amy also got emotional.
	"Don't mention it. I've been in the new villa. Ms. Cathy tried to keep me out of these things. I suffered from hypertension in those years. So, Ms. Cathy and Mr. Carter have taken care of me. Since you came back this time, they brought me back." Robin was carrying a suitcase.
	"Great. We can live together again. Robin, are you feeling better?" Amy asked Robin with concern. Robin quickly nodded.
	"Yes. I just got out of the hospital. All the indicators are basically up to standard." The more the two talked, the closer they were.
	"Robin, you'd better go rest. You just came back from the hospital and can't be too tired." Richard saw the scene and let Robin go rest.
	"Richard, thanks to Robin at that time. If it weren't for him, I don't know what I would have been like." Amy remembered Robin's stubbornness when her father was in the hospital.
	"Honey, it is unfair. I helped you back then. Why don't you thank me?" Richard was as childish and stubborn as a child.
	"Come on. I have thanked you, right? I'm all yours. What else do you want me to do to thank you?" Amy patted Richard's face, and Richard smiled with satisfaction.
	They cuddled up together to watch TV in the living room. It seemed that there were only them in the world. All the worries and troubles disappeared.
	"Mr. Carter, bad news!" they were watching TV intimately, while someone hurried in and shouted.
	"What is wrong? Calm down and speak slowly." Richard told the man not to be too anxious.
Chapter 334 There Is Something Wrong with Allen
	The visitor hurried in. Seeing that Richard and Amy were together, he bit his tongue.
	"What is wrong? Just say it." Richard looked at the man, saying.
	"Mr. Allen fought with someone in the kindergarten today, and is sent to the hospital now. It is said that he got injured." Only then did the man stammer what happened.
	Richard and Amy stood up immediately. Allen fought with someone and was injured? How strong was that person? It was definitely not a child.
	"Injured? When did it happen? Let's talk about it in the car. We'll go to the hospital right now." Richard said to the man.
	"OK. Let's go." The man got into the car with Richard and Amy, coming straight to the hospital where Allen was sent.
	On the way there, the man told them roughly what had happened.
	It seemed that Allen had a quarrel with someone in the kindergarten, and then they fought. The other child was taller and stronger, and injured Allen. Then, the teacher of the kindergarten sent Allen to the hospital. This man was the director of the kindergarten and knew the status of the Carter family. So, he personally came here to inform them.
	When they arrived at the hospital, Allen was still in the emergency room. They heard that Allen was badly hurt. The child who hit him was too scared and escaped. Besides, they could not reach that child's parents on their phones.
	Richard anxiously rushed to the door. But the doctor stopped him from going in, saying that they were trying their best to save the patient.
	Amy found that this hospital belonged to the Baker family. So, she immediately called Andy. Just as she got through, Andy had come to the emergency room.
	"Andy, you come so fast." Amy looked at Andy. She was so anxious that she almost cried out.
	"Yes. I've heard about Allen. Don't worry. I'll go in and save him." Andy comforted Amy. He looked at Richard, beckoning him not to panic and comfort Amy. Then, he changed into the uniform and went into the emergency room.
	"Amy, don't worry. Andy has gone in, and there should be result soon." Richard said to Amy.
	"Richard, I think something is wrong. With Allen's strength, an adult may not beat him. How can he be injured by a child? I think there is something wrong." Amy said to Richard.
	"Really? How could this happen? I'll have someone check it right away." Richard frowned. He didn't know Allen well and hadn't expected his son to be so strong.
	Time went by. The door of the emergency room hadn't been opened. Amy was anxious and could imagine how badly Allen was hurt.
	Three hours later, the door opened and Andy pushed Allen out. Allen's head was wrapped and his eyes were closed tightly. He did not have any reaction.
	"Allen, Allen!" Amy called him softly, but Allen did not respond.
	"It's okay. I've taken care of his wounds. It is not serious now. He was hit on the head with something. Fortunately, it didn't hurt the inside. He dodged smartly. The other party should have intended to kill him." Andy told the truth to Amy.
	Once Amy heard it, she was even more sure. If someone hadn't directed it, how could a fight between children kill Allen?
	Richard did not say anything after hearing this. When he got the exact news later, he would make a decision.
	Allen was only five years old. But now, he was threatened like this because of the things between adults. These people were really cruel and heartless. Looking at her son lying in bed weakly, Amy felt heartbroken.
	"How is my grandson? How is Allen?" Cathy got the news soon. Just as she arrived, Dalton and Eliana came too.
	Richard and Amy had intended not to let their parents know about this. However, fire could not be wrapped up in paper. So, they all heard about it.
	"What's going on?" Dalton asked Amy.
	"We have no idea now. It is said that Allen fought with someone in the kindergarten." Amy said to her father.
	"How can that be? Allen has practiced martial arts since he was a child. An ordinary child can't approach him. There must be something wrong!" Eliana immediately reacted as she heard it. Dalton was right. Allen had practiced martial arts since childhood. They knew how strong he was.
	"Where is the director of the kindergarten?" at this time, Amy suddenly remembered the person who came to inform them.
	"Maybe he has gone. We focused all our attention on Allen and didn't notice when he left." Richard also did not see the director.
	"Did you investigate in the kindergarten? What did the teacher say?" Cathy wanted to vent her anger while seeing her grandson lying there.
	"I've asked Lucy to investigate it. She should be here to report it soon. Dad, Mom, don't worry. I'll deal with it." Richard comforted them.
	"Well, then we'll leave this to you. Allen is so young. Don't let the person go easily after finding him." Dalton was heartbroken that such a thing happened to his grandson.
	While they were talking, Lucy came here. After looking at Allen, she told Richard what happened today.
	It turned out that what happened today was not what the director said. A little fat boy in the kindergarten deliberately niggled Allen today. Allen bore and forbore, because Amy had told him not to fight with others.
	But the fat boy falsely accused Allen of hitting him and reported to the teacher. He made many children cry, so that the teachers were busy. Then, he began to hit Allen with an adult. Allen was young after all. Being held by them, he could not fight back and was hit badly.
	At that time, the teacher had tried to stop it. But there were too many children. They all held his legs. So, he could not do anything and shouted a few times. But it could not stop them.
	Now, as the director said, the fat child had escaped. They also could not reach his parents on their phones.
	"Escaped? Does he think he can escape easily after hitting my grandson?" Cathy asked a few questions in succession.
	"Of course he cannot!" Dalton's face was gloomy.
	He took out his phone and called a man to say something, highlighting the words of "three days".
	"Allen probably won't wake up today. He's too young. It will take him a long time to recover from the anesthetic." At this time, Andy changed his clothes and came over.
	"Andy, Allen will not have any after-effects, right?" Eliana looked at Andy and said worriedly.
	"No, Mrs. Newell. Trust me. Although my medical skills are not very high, I did my best in Allen's surgery." Andy said to Eliana.
Chapter 335 Pay for Life with Life
	Although Andy said to everyone that Allen was okay, he knew how badly Allen was hurt.
	Fortunately, he heard from the director of the hospital that Amy and Richard came to the hospital, and that there was a child in the emergency room.
	When he went into the emergency room and saw pitiful Allen, Andy just was glad that Amy did not see it, or she would definitely kill the person who hurt Allen.
	A nail was stuck into Allen's head. Luckily, Allen dodged and made the nail deflected, avoiding the vital part. Otherwise, even the gods could not save him.
	Who had such a big grudge against Amy and Richard, and even hurt a child like this? Andy always did not care about many things. But he could not tolerate people bullying children.
	"Thanks, Andy." Richard extended his hand to Andy.
	Andy also stretched out his hand and shook with Richard. As long as he was good to Amy, Andy would accept him and take him as his friend.
	"Andy, let's go out and have a talk." Richard pulled Andy and wanted him to go out to have a talk.
	"OK." Andy agreed and followed Richard out.
	The other people were staying with Allen. Amy wanted to cry. But she was afraid of affecting the two mothers' emotions. So, she had to hold back.
	Allen was lying quietly. He looked calm and was not painful.
	Amy touched Allen's cold face. Allen's hands were clenched into fists. He must have tried to fight back at that time, but failed.
	Allen was always sensible. But now, he was hurt like this. Was she wrong? She should have let her child not just bear it, but learn to be flexible. He could also run away, so that he would be hit so badly.
	"Is there something you're not telling us?" Richard walked to the rooftop where no one was, and asked Andy.
	"Yes. I won't let people who hurt Allen this time go. I've had someone investigate it." Andy didn't deny it.
	"Tell me how terrible it is." Richard choked up.
	"A nail stuck in his head." Andy said softly.
	Richard punched the wall. The ashes on the wall were knocked down and floated down. A crater was made in the wall by his punch. His one hand was bleeding.
	"Fortunately, Allen avoided it and it did not hurt the vital part. But it will still take a long time for him to recover. These people are really heartless!" Andy also punched the wall hard.
	Both men's hands were bleeding. The blood dripped onto the floor and was like a plum blossom.
	"Mr. Carter, I have found out. That child and his parents have been caught by me. Fortunately, someone helped us. It should be Andy and Mr. Newell," Lucy said to Richard.
	"OK, I'll be right there." Richard didn't tell Amy and left with Lucy.
	The child was really fat. He was now hiding in the corner and shivering. He didn't look very old, just four or five years old. How could such a young child hit Allen so badly?
	His parents looked honest, and the family was shaking.
	"Tell me, who made you do it?" Richard walked in and asked the family.
	"Nobody. We did it ourselves." The father shivered and said.
	"Really? What did you have against this child? Why did you hit him so badly?" Richard asked them, holding back the desire inside to kill them.
	"He hit my child. So, I hit him. Children are their parents' treasures. He was the one who started the fight. Why can't we hit him?" that father was still stubborn and reluctant to admit mistakes.
	"He hit your child? Are you sure? The teachers all saw that your child was hitting Allen at that time. How dare you say Allen hit your child? How dare you!" while Richard heard that, he was so angry that he walked to the man and kicked him a few times.
	"What are you doing? How can you hit me?" The man said in horror. Richard's kicks almost killed him.
	"Yes, how can you hit my husband?" the woman held her husband and looked up at Richard.
	"So what? You could even hit such a young child. Why can't I hit you?" Richard pointed at the man and said.
	"We didn't hit him!" the woman argued. But the man winked at her, and she immediately looked down.
	"Alright. Since you hit my child, I'll also hit your child." Richard said and walked towards the little fat boy.
	"Daddy, mommy, I'm afraid! I'm afraid!" looking at Richard's gloomy face, the boy was scared and cried.
	"You are afraid? You can even kill others. What are you afraid of?" Richard raised his hand and was about to hit the fat boy.
	"Stop! We really didn't hit your child." Seeing that Richard was about to hit her son, as a mother, the woman instinctively tried to protect her son.
	"So you mean that my son hit himself up?" Richard turned to the woman and said.
	"No. But we did not hit him. I swear. It really wasn't us! We did not do it!" the woman was anxious to explain and couldn't help crying.
	"Guys, separate them. If they refuse to tell the truth, hit this child, until his parents tell the truth! Drag him away if you kill him. It's revenge for my child." Richard said to Lucy.
	Lucy then held the child to another room.
	"No! Don't do that! It's really not us, not us!" the woman was more anxious while watching her child being taken to another room. But the man kept pulling her and stopping her from saying anything. So, she could only cry.
	"Mommy! Mommy!" the room was not far away and was next to this room. The child's voice came, making the woman even more flustered.
	"Honey, our child is suffering! Just say it, OK? Otherwise, our child will be killed soon." The woman had no choice but to kneel and beg her husband.
	"We cannot say." The man said to the woman in a soft voice.
	"Mommy! Mommy!" the boy's cry sounded more and more painful, which made the woman heartbroken.
	"I don't care. Anyway we will be dead. Why should we take the blame for the others!" the woman came round at this time. She stood up and went to Richard to tell the truth.
Chapter 336 Do You Have a Conscience
	"You mean it wasn't your child who clashed with Allen during the chaos? But the teachers all saw it at that time. Do you have anything to say?" Richard narrowed his eyes and had some thoughts.
	"Yes. We did not go to pick up my son. When we were halfway there, we were knocked down. Then, we argued with the driver for a while. Finally, the man said something to my husband and gave him 100,000." The woman said to Richard.
	"By the time we got to the kindergarten, my son ran out and said he was so scared. My husband comforted him and told him not to be scared, and then we left. But we didn't go home. My husband took us to hide." Regardless of the man's pull, the woman said everything.
	"It is more and more interesting. I wonder what the man said to you. Are you willing to take the blame for him?" Richard kicked the man with his foot.
	But the man did not speak and simply played dead on the ground.
	"Men are really different from women. When you hear the child's screams, you will be heartbroken and try your best to save the child. But what about him? He does not care about it at all. I guess there is only one explanation. He has other children! So, it is not strange that he does not care about this child." Richard slowly said. He knew that things were not so simple. Maybe the real killer was still on the run now.
	"What? You have another child? I have wondered why you escape with us. I don't even know what's going on. You bastard! You take our money to support the mistress, right?" now, the woman shifted her focus. She stopped being distressed with the man and began to hit him.
	The man didn't expect Richard to be so keen. What he wanted to hide was directly revealed by Richard.
	The woman hit the man. The man knew he was in the wrong. After being beaten several times, he felt he had no need to hide anything. His own son was in the next door. Although he did not like his son's mother, his son was his own child.
	"Alright. Stop! I'll say. I'll say!" the man said to the woman with his head buried in his hands.
	"It's useless! You bastard! I've been like this, but you even have a mistress." The woman did not spare the man.
	"Stop! Don't you want to save your son?" Richard asked the woman. The woman instantly froze and her hand stopped in the air. Yeah, her son was her life.
	It was said that women were weak. But that was just because people did not offend them. Now, the man was beaten by the woman and his face was swollen.
	"Tell me what happened." Richard let the man speak.
	"The man said that if I took the money and left the city after picking up my child, he would keep it a secret for me and don't tell anyone about me having a mistress. He told me that my child hit a rich family's child, and asked me to go hide for a while." The man said to Richard. He touched his face and cried out in pain.
	"You mean you haven't seen who your kid hit?" Richard asked the man again.
	"Yes. When we arrived at the kindergarten, my child had escaped. By the way, the kindergarten informed us to pick up our child in advance that day. They said the teacher had activities in the afternoon, and let us pick up the child." The man looked innocent. But it seemed that what he said was true.
	"Mr. Carter, I have asked the boy. He said a teacher told him that Allen used his things. Besides, he liked a girl, but that girl liked Allen. So, he was unconvinced and niggled Allen.
	Then, he saw Allen being held by someone and stuck something into his head. Allen struggled hard, but those teachers did not come. he saw the blood and was frightened. So, when his parents came, he escaped." Lucy told Richard what she got after asking the boy.
	"Control the director and the teachers of the kindergarten, and call the police!" Richard said to Lucy.
	"OK. What about this family?" Lucy asked Richard.
	"Send them to the police station and see what the police will deal with." Richard said and left.
	"We didn't hit anyone! We didn't hit anyone! Please let us go! Let us go!" The man kept kowtowing to Richard's back.
	Sophia didn't expect to be discovered so soon. She had hidden well. When she put the nail in Allen's head that day, she was excited and happy. Amy's child deserved death! Amy also deserved death!
	Later, she heard that the child was not dead. So, she came out to confirm. But as soon as she came out, she was caught.
	In the cold room, Sophia was hungry. But there was not even a drop of water around. the cold in the room made her absolutely terrified. In the dark, her eyesight was not very good. Although she could smell the stench, she could not see anything.
	It had been two days since Sophia was caught here. She had not eaten or drunk. Now, she was lying on the floor and very cold.
	The door was pushed open. A beam of light shone in, and a tall figure stood in the doorway.
	The light hurt Sophia's eyes. She closed them.
	"Sophia, you really have a murderous heart. No wonder your husband abandoned you." A clear male voice came from above.
	"Who are you? Who are you?" Sophia opened her eyes again, but still couldn't see the man standing in his own light clearly.
	"It doesn't matter who I am. I just want to know, when you put that nail in a child's head, have you ever felt guilty?" the man asked Sophia.
	"No. Why should I feel guilty? That guy deserves death." Sophia said fiercely. She didn't feel anything wrong with what she had done.
	"That child deserves death. What about you?" the man went in and kicked Sophia with his foot.
	"Me? Who are you? How can you catch me? You're not a policeman. How dare you catch me!" Sophia struggled to stood up from the ground, but the man stepped on her face.
	"How dare I catch you? Because you are a beast everyone can punish! You can do it to such a little child! Then I will not be easy on you!" the man looked at Sophia with contempt, and was about to lift his leg again.
	"Wait!"
	At this time, he was stopped by a man came in from outside.
Chapter 337 Slap Yourself
	Just as the man was about to kick Sophia, he was stopped. Sophia thought that someone came to save her. So, she hurriedly crawled over.
	"Help me! Help me! I am wrongly accused by them." Sophia crawled over and hugged the man's leg.
	"Really? How are you wrongly accused? Just say it. I will see if I can do anything for you!" the man had a charming voice. But the two men were all standing in the doorway and Sophia couldn't see their faces clearly.
	"I was kidnapped here. They forced me to admit what I hadn't done. I'm so upset. I haven't eaten for days. Please save me." Sophia placed all her hopes on the man who came later.
	If she had known what would happen next, she might have been angry with her current behavior.
	"Why should I save you? Give me a good reason." The man continued speaking to Sophia.
	"Because I'm the second daughter-in-law of the Carter family. I am not short of money! If you save me, I'll pay you." Sophia thought for a while. That seemed to be all she could offer now.
	"Come on. The second daughter-in-law of the Carter family? Your husband has absconded with money. How much money do you have? I admire some members of the Carter family, such as Richard and Amy. But you? You even can't tie my laces. Andy, I think you will be tired if you beat her. Why don't we let her slap herself?" Kingsley said to the cool Andy.
	"Kingsley, I have wondered when you become so nice. It turns out you're even crueler than me. I'd like to see what you want to do." Andy looked at Sophia teasingly.
	"There is a bun. Smell it." Kingsley put a bun in front of Sophia. Sophia smelled it like a dog. This bun was offered by Starway Hotel. In R City, only the buns made by this hotel smelled like this.
	"It smells good, right? Would you like to eat it?" Kingsley said to Sophia.
	"Yes! I want to eat it. Give it to me! I'm starving to death." Sophia looked at Kingsley pitifully, thinking that Kingsley would give the bun to her.
	"I can give it to you. But you have to do one thing. I can even give you a few more. Do you see this milk? I can also give it to you." Kingsley stood up and looked at Sophia arrogantly.
	"What is it? Just say it. I can do anything for you." Sophia was willing to do anything for the buns. She also liked the delicious milk.
	"Then slap yourself twenty times. I want to hear clearly. After you do it, I will give you ten buns and a glass of milk." Kingsley waved the things in his hand in front of Sophia.
	Sophia smelled the smell and felt even hungrier. But she was the second daughter-in-law of the Carter family. She didn't want to slap herself.
	"You've gone too far. It is okay if you don't give me food. Why do you have to let me slap myself?" Sophia said angrily to Kingsley.
	"You really have backbone. Alright. Forget it. Anyway, I will eat this bun myself if no one want to eat it. Andy, just do what you want to do. I will not stop you." Kingsley then stood aside and was ready to watch the show.
	As Sophia heard this, she thought to herself, "If Andy slaps me, I cannot imagine how much strength he will use. I cannot bear it. Why don't I slap myself? In this way, I can also get food."
	"It looks like your way doesn't work very well. Leave it to me." Andy had seen through Sophia's thought. But he still acted to cooperate with Kingsley.
	"No, no! I'll do it. I'll do it myself. Keep the buns and milk for me. I'll slap myself twenty times." Sophia quickly began to slap herself.
	Andy and Kingsley exchanged a smile with each other. As Sophia slapped herself once, Kingsley ate a bun. Then she slapped herself again, he took a sip of milk.
	When Sophia slapped herself twenty times, Kingsley had eaten all the buns and drank the milk. Then, he threw the garbage on Sophia's face.
	"I have done what you said. Where's my bun?" Sophia's face was swollen and deformed. But she was still thinking about the bun.
	"Bun? Come on. When I just said to you, didn't you have backbone? My promise is for a limited time. It is not valid all the time. You were willing to slap yourself later. I did not force you. So, you have no bun." Kingsley even belched loudly.
	Sophia realized she was fooled. She pounced on to fight with Kingsley.
	Kingsley dodged and Sophia did not catch him. She saw her opportunity and tried to escape. As long as she could run out of here, she would be saved.
	But as she ran, she realized that no one chased after her. She ran downstairs, only to find that this was an abandoned house, which had a varied topography. Even if she ran out, she could not find her way.
	But she still had to run. When she ran to the door and looked back, she saw Andy and Kingsley walking leisurely behind and having no intention of chasing after her.
	"You'd better let me go, or I'll have Richard deal with you." Sophia found that she had no way. The door was full of rubbish. She didn't know how they got her in.
	"What a stupid woman! You've hurt Richard's son. How can you expect him to save you? it will never happen unless he's not in the right mind." Kingsley and Andy stood across from Sophia, looking at her with disdain.
	These two men were so handsome. Andy looked like a gentleman, but was very cold. Kingsley looked charming, but was a slovenly man.
	Now, there were such two handsome men standing in front of her. Sophia suddenly had a desire to sleep with them. It must be enjoyable.
	Thinking of this, Sophia became calm and walked towards the two men.
	"Andy, Kingsley, both of you are indomitable men. I like you guys. You get me alone here, just because you want to do something with me, right? I agree. Just do whatever you want!" Sophia took her clothes off while walking.
	Andy and Kingsley really did not expect Sophia to be so shameless. What was she thinking? Did she think they would like her?
	"Alright. Since you agree, I have recorded it. Then I will start recording now." Kingsley had been prepared. Seeing Sophia almost taking all her clothes off and revealing her snow-white skin, he clapped his hands.
Chapter 338 Catch the Culprit
	When Sophia almost took all her clothes off, the smile on Kingsley's face pleased her. Just as she thought she had attracted the two handsome men, Kingsley clapped his hands. Soon, a bunch of men came behind Sophia from somewhere.
	"I will leave this woman to you guys. Enjoy yourself. Be careful and don't kill her. Andy, let's go." With that, Kingsley turned around and left. Seeing Andy still standing there, he turned back and pulled Andy away.
	Andy also left with Kingsley. He did not expect Kingsley to use such a way. He just wanted to hit Sophia, or to break her hand. Although Kingsley's revenge was cruel, it was also simple.
	But in this case, Sophia would be more miserable. Only someone like Kingsley could think of such a way.
	"What's wrong? You are distressed? Then I'll go back and ask them to stop." Seeing that Andy kept silent, Kingsley stopped and asked Andy.
	"If it were me, I certainly wouldn't have done that. It is really too cruel for a woman." Andy said to Kingsley.
	Before Kingsley could say anything, Andy continued, "But I think this kind of punishment is very interesting. Good job!" Andy reached out and punched Kingsley.
	"Hey, I have thought you would be soft-hearted! Let's go. I'll buy you tea. Let's go to Mrs. Carter's teahouse. The tea she makes is good." Kingsley smiled happily. They drove to Cathy's teahouse.
	When they arrived at the teahouse, Richard was also drinking tea there and talking to Cathy about something.
	Allen had been discharged from the hospital. For his safety, Richard took him home. Andy had sent a team of experts to Richard's villa to take care of Allen.
	Cathy went to the teahouse every morning and spent all the afternoon with Allen. Allen was still unstable and would cry often.
	When Andy and Kingsley walked into the teahouse, everyone was attracted by them. Cathy also felt they were pleasing. She looked back at her son. Fortunately, her son was handsome too.
	"Mrs. Carter, we come here again. I'm going to taste your latest tea today." Kingsley was the one who never made an awkward silence. The atmosphere was much livelier with him around.
	"OK. Kingsley, what are you doing lately? It looks like you've done something great. You smile more brightly now." Cathy originally had no good impression of Kingsley. But after she heard from her son that Kingsley had helped him several times for no reason, she then liked this guy.
	"Well, I just did something great today. So, Andy and I come to celebrate. Mrs. Carter, please serve the best tea here. My treat." Kingsley could not hide the smile on his face.
	"What's it? May I know about it?" Kingsley infected Cathy with his happiness, which made Cathy eager to know what happened.
	"Secret. I can't tell you, Mrs. Carter. Sorry." Kingsley didn't tell Cathy what he just did.
	Just as the two went into the private room, Richard got a call. The other party said that the Sophia he was looking for had been found. But she was busy now. They had to wait a little longer.
	"Richard, you don't have to come. I'll take her to the police station later. Anyway, we have reported the case. Just leave it to me." Lucy said to Richard. She could not bear to see this scene. But it really vented her spleen. Someone must arrange for Sophia to be raped here. But she did not know who this person was.
	"OK. Then you deal with it. You can do whatever you want." Richard said to Lucy.
	"OK." Lucy was really angry with Sophia. This woman could even strike a child. She was really a heartless woman. Then she would also be heartless later. Lucy would do the same thing to Sophia what Sophia did to Allen.
	Sophia might not expect that the person she relied on did not appear at this time. What happened to her today made her regret it.
	Allen slept more than he woke up. He was only five years old, but had suffered such injuries. It cast a shadow on his mind, which would not be dispelled in a short time.
	Amy stayed with him all the time, so that he could see his mom when he woke up.
	Suddenly, Allen screamed. Amy immediately ran to his bed. The doctors also rushed in. After all, Andy, their president had personally ordered them to take good care of this child.
	"Allen, mom is here. It's okay, baby. Mom is here." Amy hugged Allen, so that he wouldn't be so scared.
	Allen opened his big eyes. His eyes were so lively back then. But now, they were gloomy.
	Seeing that it was his mother who was holding him, he cried. "Mom, I'm scared. I'm so scared." Allen wrapped his arms around Amy.
	"It's okay, baby. We are all here." Amy hugged Allen and gently patted his back.
	Those doctors were not wearing uniforms, afraid that it would scare Allen.
	"Mom, who are they?" Allen looked at those people warily.
	"They are people who care about you, honey. They are all kind." Amy said to Allen. She motioned the doctors to go out first. Allen would be afraid if there were many people. He was a little afraid of strangers now.
	"Mom, where's dad?" Allen looked up around the room and did not see Richard.
	His dark eyes were wet, which made Amy distressed.
	"Dad went out to do something and will be back soon. Would you like to eat anything, baby? Mom will ask dad to buy it for you." Amy held back the sadness in her heart.
	"No. I just want you and dad to stay with me." Allen buried his little head in Amy's arms once again. Only in his mom's arms would he feel safe.
	"Allen, Grandma is here to see you. I brought you a lot of things you like." Eliana came to see Allen every day on time. Now that Dalton was managing the company, she had more time to cook for Allen every day.
	Dalton would only come in the evening. They come to see Allen every day and was more conscientious than they were in their work.
	"Grandma, I want to eat the buns you make." Allen saw so many families and was a little lively again.
	"I know you like buns. So I have made a lot of buns today. Come on, let grandma help you up. Eat slowly, okay?" looking at her grandson's pitiful face, Eliana felt as if a knife were piercing her heart. If Dalton hadn't stopped her, she would have gone to kill Sophia.
Chapter 339 Hadrian Gets Involved
	Even though Sophia was tortured badly, she had never intended to finger the person who gave her the advice. She was still hoping that someone would come to save her.
	"Sophia, who ordered you to do all this?" Lucy stepped on Sophia's face. Sophia wasn't even dressed at this time. She didn't have any clothes to wear. They were all torn.
	"No one ordered me to do it. I did it myself. I hate Amy. I’ll make her miserable!" the corners of Sophia's mouth were broke.
	"Alright. I'd like to see how you make her miserable. I think you'd better worry about yourself now. Do you think someone will come to save you? So, you're so arrogant." Lucy had already broken her arms. Sophia couldn't even move her hands now.
	Sophia had stopped speaking. Her heart was full of hope, because the person had promised that she would be okay. She did not need to think about anything else.
	"If those videos are posted online, do you think you can still stay in the Carter family? If William has left for two years, you can be regarded as separated for two years. Then, he can divorce. He can also give his mistress a status. Don't think you can occupy the position as the second daughter-in-law of the Carter family all the time." Lucy retracted her feet. She felt sick while looking at Sophia's current appearance. Just now, those people had videotaped what happened to Sophia. She was useless now.
	When Sophia heard that she might not keep her position as the second daughter-in-law of the Carter family, she was anxious.
	"You bad guys! I won't let you go. You dare to treat me like this. You will be punished!" Sophia tried to get up, but failed.
	"Yes, we are the bad guys. What about you? Sophia, don't you think this is the retribution for your evil deeds?" Lucy kicked Sophia.
	This woman had been keeping a secret. Lucy didn't bother arguing with her anymore. She could already guess who the person behind her was.
	Lying on the ground, Sophia breathed heavily. As long as she did not say anything, the police could do nothing to her. She wouldn't admit it in front of the police. She had destroyed the video at the time.
	"Guys, put a dress on her and send her to the police station." Lucy didn't want to ask any more questions. She could solve it herself.
	Two people came in, wrapped Sophia in a ragged dress and sent her away.
	In the study, Lucy reported Richard what happened today and what she had done.
	As Richard heard that someone had punished Sophia, he knew who did it.
	When those two people were in a good mood today and went to Cathy's teahouse for tea, Richard had gotten suspicious.
	It must be these two people who caused Sophia to disappear for a few days. They were well informed and took action quickly. He was slower than them.
	"Amy, I find the person who hurt Allen. It's Sophia. She did it." Richard said to Amy.
	"Where is she now?" Amy's eyes instantly went red.
	"She has been sent to the police station. Don't worry. We have retaliated against her before sending her there. We didn't let her go easily." Richard hugged Amy. He knew Amy must want to kill Sophia at this time.
	"How could she do this to my child? Come and get me if she wants to do anything!" Amy said angrily.
	"Amy, calm down. Wait a little longer if you want to do anything. Let's leave it to the police now." Richard comforted Amy. Amy's tears were falling down.
	Amy was helped to sit down on the chair by Richard. She was angry and couldn't calm down.
	"Ms. Amy, the doctor said that Mr. Allen recovers well. We should comfort and look after him. Please leave the rest to us." Robin walked over. He also knew everything. But at this time, they could do nothing but comfort Amy for the time being.
	Thinking of her child, Amy suppressed her anger. There was no problem with Allen's body. But it cast a great shadow on his mind!
	Once Allison heard that Sophia was caught and sent to the police station, she threw the cup in her hand on the ground. Sophia was really stupid! She had told her to hide well. However, this woman was still caught. Fortunately, the surveillance footage had been destroyed. Richard had no evidence.
	But someone like Sophia must not be able to keep a secret. Allison thought she needed to ask someone to warn Sophia that if she dared to finger her, she would end up like that child!
	Now, she temporarily lost a pawn. Fortunately, she had other pawn in reserve.
	Allison thought for a while and called someone, "Hey, let someone warn that woman to keep a secret and not to talk nonsense!"
	At this time, Hadrian came into Allison's room. He stood at the door, looking at his sister.
	"Hadrian, when did you get here?" after the call, Allison felt someone behind her. When she looked back, she saw that Hadrian was looking at her.
	"I've been here for a while. Allison, what are you doing?" Hadrian asked Allison.
	"Nothing. Hadrian, are you feeling better now?" Allison said to Hadrian.
	"Yes, I feel better now. Allison, mom has passed away. Stop doing anything wrong again. We cannot afford to offend the Carter family. Look at us now. The Field family is declining in R City." Hadrian felt that he was so passive. In R City, no one had much attention to him now. He was no longer as popular as before.
	"Hadrian, don't worry. The Field family will always be the top in R City. No one can shake our position. Don't worry. With me, everything will be different." Allison said to Hadrian.
	"You have a solution? Allison, what solution do you have? If you can make the Field family invincible in R City, I will help you whatever you want to do!" Hadrian got excited as soon as he heard that Allison could bring the Field family back to glory in R City.
	"Sure. Trust me, Hadrian. I do need your help now." As soon as Allison heard that Hadrian also decided to help her, she felt relieved. The more people helped her, the greater her chances of winning, and the closer she was to success.
	"OK. Then tell me what I can do for you." Hadrian said readily.
Chapter 340 Strong Evidence
	"Sophia White, someone visits you." Sophia was staring at the wall in a daze when the prison officer called her out.
	When Sophia heard it, she felt hopeful again. She had thought that Allison had given up on her and didn't expect that Allison would still think of her.
	Sophia followed the officer out. She went to the parlor, only to find that it wasn't Allison who came to visit her, but a man.
	The man was very handsome. Sophia thought for a moment and realized that this man was Allison's brother, Hadrian. What did he come to visit her?
	"Sophia, I'm sorry for what happened to you." Seeing Sophia, Hadrian stood up. He was definitely an excellent man. He was tall and handsome. People could not take their eyes off him even if he just stood there. Sophia looked at the handsome man and had a desire. Since William left, she had not been loved for a long time. The other day, she was raped by a group of people. But she did not care about it at all.
	"Hadrian, why did you come here? Did Allison ask you to come to see me?" Sophia didn't notice that her clothes were dirty, and moved closer to Hadrian.
	"Sit down first. Yes, Allison asked me to come to see you. She is very worried about you, saying that you may suffer a lot." Hadrian's disgust for Sophia flashed from his eyes. But now, he couldn't offend Sophia.
	Sophia sat on the chair opposite Hadrian.
	"Hadrian, thank you guys. I'm too unlucky. I should have been fine. But I tried to come out..." Sophia explained the reason why she was caught.
	"It doesn't matter. Just keep a secret. We'll find a way to save you." Hadrian's voice was low. Only Sophia could hear him.
	"Yeah, I know." Sophia hurriedly said. She looked on Hadrian with eager eyes. It didn't feel good to be in prison. She really didn't want to stay here and could only place all hopes on Allison now.
	"Since your case has not gone to trial, you have to keep a secret and know what to say and what not to say. Do you understand?" Hadrian said in a gentle voice. He was even using his handsome face to persuade Sophia.
	"I understood. Don't worry. When can I be released?" Sophia smoothed her messy hair with her hand. She hadn't combed it since that day.
	"We will think of a way as soon as possible. Don't worry and don't think too much. I'll find the best lawyer for you." Hadrian comforted Sophia.
	Hadrian's visit reassured Sophia. Since Sophia knew that Allison hadn't given up on her, she was going to try her best to let Allison save her.
	Soon, Richard knew that Hadrian visited Sophia. He despised Hadrian even more. He would definitely make Sophia finger Allison. Now, it seemed that Hadrian was also an insider.
	Sophia's case went to trial soon. Sophia firmly denied her crime, saying that she was wrongly accused. Her lawyer was also arrogant and asked the other party to show evidence.
	The other party's lawyer didn't show the evidence for a long time, which made Sophia even more confident. She knew that the video had all been destroyed. So, they could not have evidence.
	"Your honor, I was wrongly accused! This child was injured in a fight with other child. I am innocent. The child's mother planted evidence and framed me. I am really wronged. Please give me justice." Sophia made a pitiful plea.
	Many of the people present were unaware of the truth, and thought it was a case that the rich people bullied others.
	The fat boy's parents testified poorly. They just said what happened at the time. But what they said was strange and full of holes.
	The court was adjourned. When Sophia passed by Amy, her eyes were full of triumph. Although Allison and Hadrian did not come to see her today, she was sure that Allison had got everything ready for her. She could be released as long as she did not admit it.
	Amy just coldly looked at Sophia, letting her be pleased for the time being. She thought that this woman was very stupid. She was betrayed, but still protecting the betrayer!
	After a break, the trial continued. Sophia returned to her seat. She looked around. These people seemed to have helped her just now. Thinking of this, she was even happier. If they could not find the exact evidence, she would be released. Amy would certainly be disappointed!
	Sophia was happy and relieved. She stood there lightly.
	The trial continued. Sophia's lawyer also think he was sure to win the case today.
	But then, a man came in. Both Sophia and her lawyer looked at the man. Sophia felt the man looked familiar. But she couldn't remember where she had seen him before.
	The man walked in. Without looking at Sophia, he walked straight to Amy's lawyer and handed him a black object.
	"Now, let the plaintiff show evidence." The judge said to Amy's lawyer.
	Amy's lawyer turned on his computer and used the projector to play what the man brought.
	The children in the kindergarten were playing games. Suddenly, a black figure ducked and hid in the kindergarten's toilet. After the figure went in, she poked her head to look around. The direction she looked was exactly the direction of the previous camera, which had all been destroyed. So, she went in at ease.
	Soon, the kindergarten was in a mess. Then, the little fat boy argued with Allen and led Allen to somewhere. The black figure came out of the toilet. She held Allen from behind. Allen was unprepared and held by her. She began to hit Allen. Allen also struggled in her arms.
	At this time, her eyes glowed baleful. She took out a long nail, viciously stabbed it into Allen's head. Blood flowed out. The little fat boy was frightened, collapsing on the ground.
	Then the black figure ran away, not noticing that she had exposed her face under the hidden camera many times. That woman was Sophia.
	The entire audience was angry. This woman was so vicious and had hurt a child so badly.
	After Sophia watched that video, she was shocked. Didn't they say that all the surveillance footage had been destroyed? Why was what she did recorded so clearly? She didn't know what she should do now.
Chapter 341 Put Her in Jail
	"It's not me! It's not me! They faked it! Yes, they must fake it! It's not me! It's really not me!" Sophia kept shaking her head. She could not admit that that person was her.
	"Do you think all these people here are blind? Who is that if not you?" Amy's lawyer became aggressive at this moment.
	After Sophia's lawyer watched the video, he didn't know what he should say for a long time. He was also shocked. Didn't they say that the other party had no evidence?
	"That person may also be an impostor, or the video is fake. I think this video is fake." Sophia's lawyer found a flaw. His client had promised. So, this video might be fake.
	"Identify it." The judge said to the staff. The staff took that video and went in to check it.
	"Yes, that must be a fake! They can do anything to plant evidence and frame me. I will not do that kind of thing. Your honor, please identify it and give me justice." Sophia also cried in her seat. Her pitiful look made everyone doubt again. Now, the technology was very developed. It was possible to forge the video.
	"Alright. Since the defendant cannot remember the situation at that time, everyone can see what happened on the video. The defendant said she was wrongly accused. Then let's wait for the results of professional institutions identification." Amy's lawyer said to all the people.
	"Who are you? Why do you have this evidence?" the judge asked the visitor.
	The visitor stood on the witness stand. He looked at Sophia and then at Amy, cleared his throat and began to speak.
	"I am the director of that kindergarten. I am both a witness and an accomplice. I came to confess my crime." The man said and glance at Richard guiltily.
	Hearing the man's words, the audience got excited again. Climax occurred repeatedly in this trial. The development was unexpected.
	"Then tell us what happened at that time." The judge asked the man to say why he had done.
	"Your honor, this woman came to me at that time, saying that she would give me a large sum of money if I did one thing for her. My son was sick. I needed money to treat him. She said she just wanted me to beat up a child who often bullied her child.
	I have thought it was not a big deal to teach a child a lesson. So, I took the money. She asked me to turn off all the cameras. I did what she said. But I felt something was wrong. So, I left a hidden camera on.
	After that thing happened, I saw the child bleeding a lot. I was very scared. I also have children. So, after she left, I went to Mr. Carter's house to report and sent the child to the hospital." That director finished and was regretful.
	After the director finished his words, everyone started discussing. But at this time, Sophia shouted, "He's lying! I didn't go to him! I went there later!"
	Sophia tried desperately to clarify that the person who went to the director was not her. But she confessed that the woman later was her.
	After Sophia finished, the lawyer kicked her. Then, she realized that she exposed herself in haste.
	"So you mean that you weren't the one who contacted the director. But you were the one who hurt the child later. Then I wonder who instructed you to do it." Amy's lawyer got something on her and immediately kept pushing her.
	Sophia didn't know what she should say. Her lawyer shook his head helplessly. This woman was so stupid that people could easily induce her to tell the truth. He had no way now.
	"Your honor, we have identified it. This video is real. This video has not been edited, nor is it a fake video synthesized by computer." The staff brought the identification over at this time and said to the judge.
	"Your honor, your honor, I was dizzy just now. I was talking nonsense. I was talking nonsense!" Sophia hurriedly explained.
	But no one would believe her now. Even the lawyer didn't want to say anything else. No matter how much money the other party offered, he couldn't earn it now.
	"Alright. Be quiet. After the jury's discussion, Sophia is convicted of intentional homicide and sentenced to..." The judge took the jury's opinion and began to announce the verdict on Sophia.
	Sophia, however, had been shouting, insisting that she was wrongly accused. The director of the kindergarten was also taken away. Although he was an accomplice, he took the initiative to confess his crime and made contributions. So, he was only sentenced to one year, suspended for one year.
	Sophia went crazy. She did not want to go to prison. She wanted to live as a young lady, wearing beautiful clothes and enjoying the best life. She did not want to go to prison!
	"I was wronged! I was wronged!" Sophia kept shouting as she was taken away.
	But no one listened to her cries anymore. Things had been like this. But she was still saying she was wronged, which was really annoying.
	Seeing Sophia being taken away, Amy was not relieved. Sophia did not finger the person who ordered her. But it did not matter. She would make Sophia tell her who the person was.
	Sophia was detained where the felons were. She stopped shouting or struggling, because she knew it was useless. She was still hoping that Allison would save her and she just needed to wait for her here.
	"Time to dinner. Come here, guys." The officer asked the prisoners to go eat. Sophia was already hungry. Seeing that everyone stood up and was about to walk out of the cell, she also walked over.
	"Are you new here?" a beautiful woman turned around and asked Sophia.
	"Yes!" Sophia looked at the woman and was very impatient. Who were those women? She was the second daughter-in-law of the Carter family, and was superior.
	"I heard that you are the second daughter-in-law of the Carter family. How did you get into here? Didn't your husband save you?" the beautiful woman asked Sophia again. She seemed not to care about Sophia's attitude.
	"You won't understand. Stop asking!" Sophia wouldn't tell others that her husband had left with his mistress and she was an abandoned woman.
	"Alright, I really don't understand." The beautiful woman smiled. She looked beautiful when she smiled, making Sophia jealous!
Chapter 342 Becoming Friends
	The beautiful woman took a glance at Sophia and left, so Sophia followed her forward but was pulled aside by someone behind her.
	"Who the hell are you? How dare you talk to Mary this way? It looks like you want a death penalty." The woman looked ugly and ferocious.
	"Why did you steal my position?" Sophia still felt that she was the young mistress of the Carter family. In her circle, many people yielded to her, which she grew used to.
	"Why? Just because you are a woman with no conscience. So what's wrong with my taking your position? I'm also going to beat you!" As the ugly and ferocious woman spoke, she kicked Sophia in the belly.
	Sophia wrapped her hands around her belly. The woman put too much strength into the kick that it knocked Sophia to the ground.
	"What are you two doing? You're too slow. You won't be getting food as punishment!" The prison guard yelled at Sophia and the ugly and ferocious woman.
	Then the two of them were locked up in the cell while others all went to eat.
	Sophia's belly hurt a lot that her face turned pale. The woman on the other side glared at Sophia, scaring her.
	"What are you looking at me for?" Sophia subconsciously moved towards the corner.
	"Hmph, I'm looking at you. I don't want to do anything. I just want to beat you up." The woman stood up again and slapped Sophia's face repeatedly with force.
	"Save me! Save me! Someone's beating me up. Save up!" Sophia kept shouting, but no one came to see her. Just like that, she was severely beaten by the woman that two of her teeth were knocked out, which happened to be her front teeth.
	When the woman got tired, she walked to her bed and laid down to rest.
	Sophia was beaten up that she could not even talk anymore. Her teeth were still bleeding, and her eyes squinted because she could barely open them.
	Her belly hurt and was hungry. She truly despaired.
	The prisoners finished their food and came back. Many people brought food for the ugly and ferocious woman. Although each person only had a little bit, together there was enough for her to eat.
	Sophia could only watch her eat happily. She swallowed hard, feeling pain in her mouth.
	"Oh, what is this? This woman wasn't here when we left. Is she new?" Someone saw Sophia and asked in surprise.
	"Okay, you all go to rest. I'll go see her." The beautiful woman walked up to Sophia. She squatted down and looked at Sophia.
	Sophia sure was beaten up badly that her parents might not even recognize her. Mary lifted Sophia's chin in pity and tsk-tsked.
	But at this time, Sophia dared not say anything. No one would care even if she was God, so she could only control her temper.
	"Take this and eat it. I just want to tell you that you can't rely on others for a lot of things. When you are of use to them, they'll treat you with respect. When you aren't, how do you expect them to treat you?" Mary took out a steamed bun and handed it to Sophia. Sophia did not quite understand what she said, but Sophia was very familiar with the steamed bun.
	After taking the steamed bun, Sophia did not care how painful her face felt and gobbled it down. Sophia had no front teeth anymore and looked ridiculous as she ate.
	With her head down, she was only focused on eating that she did not see the look Mary gave others.
	Allison got on the plane and sat in her seat. The man beside her was already asleep with an eye mask and earplugs. Allison only glanced at him. Many people fell asleep at some point during the plane ride to the United States simply because it was too long.
	Allison also put on her eye mask and listened to her favourite song with her earphones.
	Sophia's admission to prison did not have much impact on her. She still had a lot of things to do, and Philip's company still needed her. She also needed to get revenge on the people who bullied her.
	"Hello, beauty." When Allison was about to put on her eye mask, the handsome guy beside her woke up suddenly. He took off his eye mask and greeted Allison.
	"Kingsley?" Allison did not notice that the person sitting beside her was Kingsley.
	"Miss Field, you have a good memory. You remember me. I'm also honoured to be able to go to the United States with Miss Field. This sure is an interesting trip!" Kingsley did not sleep anymore. His charming eyes lit up as he looked at Allison.
	Allison thought quickly. Kingsley was an attractive piece of meat coveted by many. His family had significant power in DL City. The businesses they owned in R City were even much stronger than those of the Field family.
	Her life would be a lot easier if she could use Kingsley.
	"I also feel honored to be on the same plane as Mr. Carr. Is Mr. Carr on vacation? Or is this a business trip?" Allison immediately smiled. She knew exactly which part of her appearance was attractive. Her smile was very charming.
	"For vacation. What business do I have? My grandfather has the final say in the Carr Group, so I have nothing to do." Kingsley complained.
	Allison knew very well that Kingsley was someone who liked beautiful women a lot. The head of the Carr family was angry that his direct descendent had no ambition at all. He was not anxious at all while his family property was seized by those outsiders.
	"Hahaha, Mr. Carr must be joking. The family head cares about you and is only helping you manage your businesses. Mr. Carr is a person of rare talent." Allison flattered Kingsley.
	"Talent? Only you see me this way. Everyone else thinks I'm an idiot, which I agree with. Hahaha!" The more Kingsley and Allison talked, the more they felt attracted towards each other.
	As if they regretted not having met sooner, they no longer felt animosity towards each other. When they were about to get off the plane, Allison felt a little bit reluctant to part with Kingsley. This man sure was charismatic with a magnet personality.
	"Then let's get in touch when we have time. I've always thought that Miss Field was very cold. I didn't expect you to be so humorous and fun to talk to. I've seriously misunderstood you," Kingsley said to Allison, sounding very "guilty".
	"Mr. Carr, you are so sweet. What is past is past. We didn't know each other well. But we'll be good friends going forward. I hope Mr. Carr wouldn't mind." After Allison finished speaking, she stretched out her hand, expressing her sincerity to become friends with Kingsley.
Chapter 343 Sophia Was Poisoned
	After Allison parted with Kingsley, she was delighted. Although Kingsley was not very polite to her last time, which might have been because he did not know what kind of person she was, he took the initiative to be nice this time, so he must have felt sorry for what happened last time.
	Allison left in a good mood. After she was gone, Kingsley stopped smiling. He found her arrogant but careful that he had no idea what she planned on doing.
	When someone came to see Sophia again, she was very excited and thought it was Allison who went to see her.
	"Miss police, is it a man or a woman who came to see me this time?" Sophia asked the prison guard.
	"Woman." The prison guard was impatient. Sophia was sure that it was Allison and felt relieved that she did not give up waiting for her. Allison was finally here to save her and get her out of prison.
	But when she came to the visiting room, she saw that the person sitting on the opposite side was Amy.
	"Amy? Why did you come back to see me?" Sophia sat down and picked up the phone. She had many questions to ask.
	"I came to see you just to show you how your friend betrayed you," Amy said to the phone.
	"Humph, Amy. Don't lie to me anymore. You can't lie to me. If you want me to tell me something that didn't happen, I can't do it." Sophia sounded tough. She knew that Amy wanted her to admit that it was Allison, but she could not do it. If she did, then she would have no one to save her.
	"No, I just wanted to show you some videos. I'm not asking you to do anything. Take a look." Amy placed her phone on the glass facing Sophia.
	On the plane, Allison chatted enthusiastically with Kingsley. The sound was a bit quiet, so Amy connected the audio output to the phone.
	"Mr. Carr, thank you for your help. That dumb woman Sophia must be waiting for me to save her. Hahaha." Allison laughed after speaking.
	"Allison, I think you are too cruel to her. She helped you after all, yet you're treating her this way. Even I'm having shivers because of the people you ask me to bring over." Kingsley also looked at Allison with a smile.
	"If I don't treat that kind of woman a bit cruelly, she wouldn't know her place. She thinks she is the young mistress of the Carter family and doesn't treat me with respect at all." When Sophia wanted to listen to some more, Amy had already taken her phone back.
	"I just want to tell you, Sophia, that you're too pitiful. Life in prison isn't bad, huh? Looks like a nice experience being a scapegoat. I only came to let you know because we are both daughters-in-law of the Carter family. Anyway, you're already in there. You're not a threat to me. I heard that prison is a good place to retire, so enjoy yourself. I'm leaving." Amy stood up, ready to go.
	"Wait a minute!" Sophia said suddenly, but she did not go on.
	"You can leave!" She sat down in the chair again, staring at the phone in a daze.
	The video just now shocked her a lot. She needed to consider her situation and her options.
	After returning to her cell, Sophia thought for a long time and realized that it was all true. She was just a scapegoat, yet she was complacent and thought that she would be very happy because she hurt Amy. Yes, she hurt Amy's relatives, so she was very happy. But she did not want to spend the rest of her life in prison.
	"You, come over to me and lick my feet clean!" That ugly and ferocious woman would bully Sophia multiple times every day. If it weren't for Mary taking care of her, she would have been beaten to death.
	Seeing the urine stains on the ugly and ferocious woman's disgusting feet made Sophia feel nauseous.
	But at this time, Mary was working somewhere else and was not here. Only she and the ugly and ferocious woman along with a few of her subordinates were together.
	"Hurry up! What are you doing? Do you think you can get away with it? Mary is a good person, but don't count on her anymore. She won't come back today." The ugly and ferocious woman raised her foot and stretched it out in front of Sophia.
	They were all sentenced to life imprisonment. Being tortured every day in different ways frightened Sophia when she thought about how long she needed to endure it.
	No, she wanted to sue. She wanted to reverse the original verdict. Although she was the one who did it, someone instigated her.
	Suddenly, Sophia went crazy and ran to the prison guard station. She held the guard's leg tightly.
	"Miss police, I want to sue. I want to sue. I was wronged. I was instigated by someone else," Sophia talked non-stop.
	Feelings flashed across the prison guard's eyes as she looked at Sophia.
	"You said you are going to sue, right? Okay, then come with me." The female prison guard dragged Sophia up and locked her in another room.
	"What? She wants to sue? Humph, just like a dog that is never satisfied. I was even about how to save her. Now that's no longer necessary. A stupid and sad woman. She can leave forever!" Allison said into the phone.
	"Oh no, Richard. Sophia committed suicide by ingesting poison in prison, but fortunately, she was discovered in time. Although she is being rescued, she ingested too much poison. Even if she is rescued, she'll be disabled," Lucy reported to Richard.
	"Ingesting poison to commit suicide? How is it possible? Sophia is the kind of person who is the most afraid of death. She definitely won't commit suicide. Allison must have someone in there who is on her side. They did it because they knew she is going to sue again." Richard patted his head. They did everything to guard against Allison but did not expect Allison to have someone of power in the prison on her side.
	"The people in the prison reported that Sophia was going to sue that afternoon, but she committed suicide by ingesting poison at night. It's very strange." Lucy also blamed herself for being too careless. She only paid attention to the prisoners and did not notice someone else.
	"Too bad, we can't make use of her anymore. She'll probably spend the rest of her life in bed." Richard could only sigh.
	Sophia was completely useless now. Although the doctor said that she might wake up, hope was very slim. They could only start elsewhere to find evidence related to Allison.
	"Richard, I've found William. He is coming back with me. He said that Jacob has persuaded the board of directors, and they won't hold him accountable. He is coming back to divorce Sophia." Hilary could not help but call Richard in the car. William, who sat next to her, had already lost his former demeanor. Hiding in the few months exhausted him.
Chapter 344 New Share Issuance
	William looked at Sophia, who was lying on bed, and had mixed feelings. He wanted to come back and divorce her, and then give his son a proper social status. But now that Sophia was in this state, he could not say anything.
	"How long will she last like this?" William asked the doctor. Sophia's face was now pale, without a trace of life. Without knowing that she was alive, people would probably all think she was dead. Even her face, which did not look too bad before, was now unattractive.
	"I don't know, maybe a year, maybe a lifetime." The doctor shook his head. No one could give a definite answer based on the current situation.
	"Based on surveillance footage, she ingested the poison herself. The poison was for poisoning rats. I didn't expect her to take such drastic measures," Hilary told William what she heard.
	William sighed. "Maybe this is fate. She deserved it. It's a pity that my child won't get social status for a long time." William was not very worried about Sophia. He was worried about his new lover and his son.
	Hilary could only glance at William. He was her brother, so she did not know what to say. She suddenly felt bad for Sophia.
	William did not stay long after he came back. After Jacob became the President of HD Group, he took advantage of his powers to take care of William's issues, so no one mentioned what happened with William anymore.
	However, he had become accustomed to staying abroad with no one there looking down on him. He had already transferred his shares to Jacob so Jacob could defeat Richard and become the boss of the HD Group. The agreement at that time required Jacob to take care of William's issues after becoming the President.
	When William came back this time, he neither returned to the Carter family's old house nor met with Richard or Cathy. He only met Jacob once and then visited his mother, Addy. Since he could not divorce Sophia, he did not stay any longer.
	"Richard, I want to see Allen," Hilary said.
	"No, you can't go see him, Hilary, you can leave. You are not welcomed here. Go back to the old house." Richard did not care about Hilary's feelings or reputation in front of his subordinates.
	"Richard, how could you do this? Are you doing this to me for the sake of that woman? I'm your sister. Don't you think you are crossing the line?" Hilary cried in the house.
	"You know best what you have done. Don't make me talk to you any further. As your older brother, I've let you in, but my children and my wife cannot forgive you. Leave before I change my mind. Get out!" Richard pushed Hilary out.
	Hilary ran out crying. She was aggrieved when she left, so she called Allison.
	"Allison, where are you? I'm coming to find you."
	Jacob's investment project had already begun operations under the strong request of him and his men. It performed well and generated considerable earnings initially.
	"Well, was I said at the time wrong? You've all been brainwashed by Richard into thinking this project is dangerous. How is it now? You each receive twenty percent of the earnings every month. Are you happy?" Jacob said to the directors during the board meeting.
	Those directors also saw the benefits. Jacob bribed them, so they were all on his side. Shareholders who supported Richard were mostly removed.
	"So you have to believe me. I'll make you richer than when you worked with Richard. You have to believe in me. Now we are going to issue new shares. You're going to buy it with your savings then you'll have more money than you can count." Jacob asked the shareholders to take money out and continue to buy the HD Group's shares during the board meeting.
	He was still short of a lot of money. The compensation payment that Allison agreed on was delayed and still not received. He had no choice but to issue new shares.
	"But what are we issuing shares for? The HD Group's stock has been performing very well. Why do we want to issue new shares?" Although those shareholders supported Jacob on the surface, they still had doubts about his capabilities.
	"Because we want to expand the scope of business, which needs money. We want to use more money to make money. You should all understand the reality," Jacob said, but the people below were not very interested.
	"Everyone, take a look at your account. The money you earned has already been transferred to you. Isn't it safe? The more you invest, the more you earn. If you are unwilling to withdraw money out, then I can raise money from the public. I want to use the name of the HD Group, so many people would want to buy our stock. You won't have much hope of buying the stock by then. I'm always thinking of our people first whenever there are opportunities to make money." Jacob was still trying to inspire everyone to action.
	Some people felt that his words made sense. The profits in the past few months had indeed been quite high, and they were paid on time. As a result, they expressed their willingness to purchase a portion of the shares.
	Once some expressed their views, things became easier to handle. More and more people expressed their views that they would like to purchase some shares.
	"Very well. I'm doing this for everyone here. Have the money ready next week, and we'll distribute the shares. I plan on issuing five billion shares this time. We'll keep three billion for ourselves, and I'll sell the rest to the public." Jacob was relieved when he saw everyone finally agreeing with him.
	The profits in the past few months have been paid out by him personally from borrowing money. Although he made a bit of money, it was not as high as he said. In order to continue deceiving everyone, he could only borrow money to pay out the earnings.
	After several speeches, the shareholders finally agreed, and Jacob was relieved now. He borrowed upon usury for Allison's sake.
	The HD Group was now issuing new shares. Richard was already kicked out of the HD Group, so he did not have a share. Some shareholders called Richard, asking him for his thoughts on the issuance of new shares.
	At that time, those people all supported Jacob and avoided Richard, but now they still wanted to ask Richard first.
	Of course, Richard could only say that there was a risk. He could not directly tell them that it was a scam because if he did, then they would think he was only jealous of Jacob.
	"Richard, why do you think Jacob is issuing shares this time?" Lucy asked Richard.
	"Why? What other reason could there be? He is having liquidity problems!" Richard looked confident.
Chapter 345 Allen Recovered
	The shareholders of the HD Group were smart. After hearing from Richard that there was a risk, they all began to hesitate again. When Jacob was ready to issue shares, all the shareholders began to hesitate and shirk again.
	"What do you want? I've already made it clear, and you've already gotten the benefits, yet why don't you believe me?" Jacob was impatient at this time. The money he borrowed upon usury was due for repayment. If he did not have the funds to repay the loan, then those people would very likely destroy him.
	"It's not that we don't believe you, Mr. Carter. I'm having liquidity problems. My wife used my money for investment and hasn't gotten it back yet. I don't have money for the time being," A shareholder said to Jacob.
	"Yeah, yeah. I also lent out all the money we had. It's not time for payment yet and they are all people we are close with, so I can't suddenly ask them to repay us," Another shareholder said.
	The rest all had various excuses, but the gist of it was that they had no money.
	"Our stock will be public after issuance. They'll go up, and once they do, you can sell them. You'll make a lot of money from selling. Haven't you all made a lot of money at the HD Group?" Jacob wanted to swear.
	"We did make a lot of money at the HD Group, but the President at that time wasn't you. You made us lose money," Someone spoke out to remind everyone.
	All the shareholders thought about it and realized that it was true. Back then, Halbert let his sons take turns being the President for a few months. The first son and the second son all lost money. It was only until the youngest son took office that they received dividends and profits.
	"Oh right. I almost forgot about that. It's been a long time, but that year was truly risky. We almost lost money." Some people started to miss Richard.
	"What's past is past. What's now is now. It's different now. I'm mature, and I also have my personal connections." It did not matter how Jacob explained himself anymore. All the shareholders came up with excuses to leave, and the shareholders meeting ended on bad terms.
	Seeing that everyone was gone, Jacob smashed a few teacups. But watching the teacups fall to the ground and shatter did not diminish the anger he harboured at all.
	"Someone, come here. Take these all down. We won't be having another shareholders meeting anymore. They are all just old and stubborn," Jacob said with resolution and anger. Why was Richard always profitable? Because of Richard, he could no run the business anymore. It was all his fault! All his fault!
	Jacob went to the bar alone with a bad headache. He called Allison, but she never answered. He had no idea what she was doing.
	"Dad, mom, I want that." Allen could already walk on the ground. Amy had been telling him stories about soldiers, which made the kid dream about becoming a soldier.
	He began getting past the traumatic experience. He was still young and able to adapt and forget things quickly.
	Allen started smiling brightly again.
	"Did Allen want this?" Amy pointed to the toy gun in the book.
	"Yeah, I just want this. I want to learn to shoot." Allen listened to the inspirational stories his mother told every day and wanted to protect his country and the people he cared about. He wanted to be an upright man.
	"Okay, mom will buy it for you right away. There is an open space in the garden. How about we set it up to be your shooting range?" Amy said to Allen.
	"Okay. Mom, you're the best. Dad, teach me." Allen's head was still wrapped in gauze, but it did not affect him much. He ate and slept well and was close to recovering emotionally.
	"Okay. Mom will be responsible for buying it, and dad will be responsible for teaching me. We'll collaborate as a family." Richard was in a very good mood. He had a lot of time every day to spend with his wife and his kid. He wished he could live every day this way. But his responsibility was to protect his family, so he could not live such a relaxed life for the time being.
	"Richard, do you have something going on recently? You look very busy recently," Amy asked Richard softly while Allen played with his toys.
	"I'm not very busy lately, but I'll become busy soon. The HD Group will become mine again soon. I'm spending more time with you guys now because I won't have time after a while. It'll take me a long time to clean up that mess," Richard told his wife honestly about the latest situation.
	"Richard, you could've started over. You'll do much better than HD, yet why are you waiting for HD to become yours again and clean up that mess?" Amy just did not understand.
	"Amy, the HD Group belongs to the Carter family. It's also founded by my grandpa and dad. I can only lead it to success instead of letting it go bankrupt. Since I can grow other businesses, I can also continue growing the HD Group." Richard touched Amy's hair. Her hair was beautiful, soft and smooth.
	"Okay, I see. Richard, I'll support you." Amy nestled in Richard's arms.
	Jacob's shares were not issued. Almost everyone in the group refused to pay for his shares. There were still three days left for Jacob to repay the loan that he borrowed upon usury. He could not get in touch with Allison, so he went directly to Field Group to find Hadrian.
	"Mr. Field, I want to find Allison, but she's not answering my calls," Jacob said to Hadrian. The Field Group was not very big, at least incomparable to the HD Group. Jacob would not have come to Hadrian if it were not for Allison.
	"She has been very busy recently trying to rescue Mr. Philip. As you know, Mr. Philip went to jail, so she needs to manage the Philip Group." Hadrian had already contacted Allison. He knew that Jacob came to ask Allison for money. Allison did not have that much money to give him now. Even if she did, she would not give it to him.
	"Then I would like to ask Mr. Field to help me ask Allison when she plans on replaying the HD Group. I can barely stay alive now." Jacob was indeed going to be on the brink of death. He had no idea where he would be in three days.
Chapter 346 Jacob's Plea for Help
	Richard and Amy sat quietly in the car, looking at the beaten man in front of them. The darkness was a good cover. The people around him already hid but did not go far, watching the farce in a safe place nearby.
	At this time, Jacob was beaten up so badly that he cried out for his mother. He was a dignified President. When he was being beaten, his subordinates all disappeared, leaving only him behind to receive the beating alone.
	"You borrowed our money but you're not paying us back. Although you are the President of the HD Group, Jacob, I'm not afraid of you. I'll give you three more days. In the meantime, you can calculate the interest you'll be charged over the three days. In total, you'll have to pay back one billion. If you don't have money, then come prepared for death. Your mom and your younger brother, too. If you are fine with it, I can send your entire family six feet under." A fat man with an eyepatch kicked Jacob several times.
	"Don't kick me. Don't kick me. I'll borrow money. I'll borrow money to pay you back." Jacob lay on the ground and did not dare to move anymore, afraid that he would get punched and kicked once he moved.
	"Okay, just three days. If you don't repay then, know I keep my word!" The fat man did not let Jacob off because he pretended to be dead.
	"Okay, okay." Jacob's only plea was that they do not kill him this time so he could opportunities to continue to hide.
	"Hmph, don't even think about running away. I'm telling you, no matter where you go, I'll have ways to find you." The fat man kicked Jacob again. He did not expect Jacob to escape to this place. Good thing he had a broad network, and someone told him. Otherwise, this scumbag would have run away.
	"No, no, I won't run," Jacob said while already considering whether to go abroad or hide somewhere in the country.
	After the beating was over, the fat man left with his men. Jacob lay on the ground in pain, unable to move at all.
	A pair of bright leather shoes appeared in front of him. Jacob looked up with difficulty. His face looked ghostly with blood coming from his nose.
	"Richard? Richard, you are here. Are you here to save me? Great. Great. Help me. Help me. I really can't pay back all that money. They aren't mine either. I gave them all to the shareholders, but…" Jacob looked at Richard as if he saw a God.
	"Get up, I'll send you to the hospital. Your ribs must be broken. If you don't go, you'll probably be disabled." Richard had someone take Jacob to the hospital.
	"Why do you want to save him? He did so many things that made us suffer. He deserved it!" Amy was finally able to vent her anger, but Richard saved Jacob.
	"Amy, rest assured. I'll make sure every single one of those who hurt you is punished. It's just Jacob can still be of use now. You haven't found evidence against the person you want to punish yet right?" Richard gently took Amy in his arms.
	"Richard, Richard. You have to save me." When Richard went to the hospital to see Jacob, Jacob just had a rib surgery. He waited anxiously for Richard as soon as his surgery was over that he already called Richard several times.
	"Richard, you have to save your older brother. He did it for the HD Group, which is why he was beaten this way." Addy took care of Jacob. As soon as she saw Richard, she rushed over and completely forgot how they had treated Richard before.
	"What can I do? I'm no longer a member of the HD Group. There's nothing I can do about it." Richard found Jacob's appearance a bit funny.
	"There is. There is. I borrowed a hundred million to pay out dividends to those shareholders. In fact, that project wasn't profitable. It's all borrowed money. But now I need to pay back five hundred million in total from the principal and interest. I don't know what to do. I have two days left. Richard, you don't want to see me beaten to death by those people, right?" Jacob, a big man, started crying as he spoke.
	Addy also started crying. It looked as if Richard was a debt collector who was so aggressive that he made them cry.
	"Jacob, you are now the President of the HD Group. You know how big of a loss the HD Group has. Never mind five hundred million. There isn't even fifty million available. You paid more than this to the Newell Group before." Richard neither offered to help nor refused to help. He only guided Jacob to recall how he embarked on this road of no return.
	"Yeah, at that time we paid the Newell Group five hundred and sixty million. At that time..." Jacob was about to say something when he suddenly thought of something that he shut up immediately.
	"Since you don't trust me, I don't need to be here anymore. I still have things to do. I'm going back to spend time with my kid and my wife. Rest well." Richard does not force Jacob. There were still two days left anyway. If Jacob did not mind another beating, then it had nothing to do with him at all.
	"I'll tell you. I'll tell you. It's because, at that time, the Phillip Group said that as long as we don't supply the Newell Group, then the Philip Group will pay for the damages. But now Mr. Philip is in jail. The money hasn't arrived in our account after a long time, so we have no money now." Jacob pushed all the responsibility to Philip and cleared Allison of blame.
	Richard had no response after listening. He just tapped on the table gently as if he was thinking about something, as if he was waiting for Jacob to say something.
	"Richard, please help me. Otherwise, I really can't continue living anymore." If it were not for his injuries, Jacob would have kneeled in front of Richard.
	"I don't think you are telling the truth. Based on what I know, Philip did not contact you. How did you get the news that Philip will pay you the damages? Plus, Philip's company is a dummy company. There's no way he would have that much money." Richard still wanted to leave.
	Jacob realized that there was no way out of it, so he had to tell the truth.
	"Of course, I didn't have the chance to meet Philip. It was Allison. She said that she's Philip's wife and can make decisions on behalf of Philip, so I believed her. But she's not picking up my calls, and I can't find her. She placed me in this predicament. I hate her to death." By now, Jacob realized that he had been tricked.
	"I can help you, but after you sign an agreement." He took out a drafted agreement and handed it to Jacob.
Chapter 347 I'll Give You Back the Position of President
	Richard handed the agreement he had brought to Jacob so he could sign it.
	Jacob accepted the agreement. Before he had a chance to read it, Richard said, "The HD Group is already insolvent. I'm not going to ask what you did. It's a mess right now, and it'll take me a long time to restore it. I'm so unlucky. Too bad for me that you're my older brother. If it were someone else, I definitely won't help." Richard sighed.
	Jacob held the agreement tightly, afraid that Richard would regret his decision. He knew very well that the current HD Group was truly a mess. He could no longer sustain it. It would be more than he could wish for if Richard was willing to take it over. Being the President was challenging. This position was a hot potato.
	"You can't regret it. I'm going to transfer all my shares to you. I don't want to be the President anymore. You give me money. What happens to the HD Group in the future has nothing to do with me." Jacob dreamed on. If he gave all his shares to Richard in exchange for cash, he would be able to enjoy life.
	As for the HD Group, it likely would not generate profit for a long time. He did not want to bother with it anymore. It would have nothing to do with him whether it was profitable or not. He would get money from Richard in exchange for his shares.
	"Jacob, what am I going to do with your shares? You borrowed so much money out there. Your shares aren't enough for pledging. I still need to pay your debt. Where do you think I'm going to get that much money from?" Richard asked as he made a move that looked like he wanted to take back the agreement.
	"No, no, no. You can just give me a bit of money for my shares. I don't want much. I'm going to sign this agreement. I won't be the President of the HD Group anymore, so don't come to me because of that mess anymore." Jacob held the agreement tightly.
	He took a look at the agreement and felt that there was no problem with it. He gave the position of President of HD Group to Richard.
	"I'm probably the most short-lived President. It hasn't even been three months, and I'm already in this predicament," Jacob said mockingly.
	"I'm not fit to be the President. I couldn't do it before, and I thought it was because I was young. But I couldn't now either, which meant I'm truly not cut out for it."
	"Jacob, don't be offended by my frankness. Although you have given up the position of the President of HD Group, you still own shares. You need to find speak with your lawyer to draft the equity transfer agreement before I can give you the money. I can't casually give you the money. I need to borrow money too. I don't have that much on hand," Richard said to Jacob.
	"Richard, it's fine. Just give me a hundred million. I don't want anything else. A hundred million is enough for the rest of my life." At this time, Jacob hurriedly set a price for his shares.
	Addy was a little anxious. She had to work hard so that her son could become the President. Grandma Carter's will was even her work. She did not expect her son to refuse the position just like this.
	"Um Jacob, don't you want to think about it a bit more? Once you sign, you can't go back on it anymore," Addy reminded her son.
	She coveted the position of the President of the HD Group for a long time, so she pushed her eldest son to the position. But it had only been three months, and he wanted to quit.
	"Mom, I beg you to let me go. I'm not fit for it. I can work at a smaller company or spend every day having fun. I'd rather die than manage the HD Group!" Jacob was fed up with the suffering. He was not cut off for it originally. He knew very well how he came to be the President of the HD Group.
	At that time, Allison came up with the idea for him. But that damn woman disappeared. What a devil.
	He listened to her this time and paid the damages to the Newell Group, placing him in this predicament. The HD Group had no money, so he had to think of a solution. But those banks refused to lend money because the HD Group was already heavily in debt. They would only lend the HD Group money once the previous debt was paid.
	Jacob had to borrow upon usury, but it was not something anyone could handle. The interest rate was frightening high. Now he also put the HD Group at risk.
	"Jacob, I can't give you a hundred million for your shares right now. I still need to borrow money to repay your usury. If you are fine with eighty million, then I'll try to gather that amount. If you aren't, then we won't transfer the equity." Richard looked reluctant. To be honest, only a fool would take on the HD Group at this time because it meant being held responsible for the debt.
	"I'm only doing this for our grandfather and father. Otherwise, I wouldn't accept it. If the HD Group went bankrupt, you're the only one who will suffer. It has nothing to do with me. I don't own any shares." Richard stood up after speaking.
	"Okay, okay. Eighty million then. Just give me the money in one month. I'll give you plenty of time because it'll be time to pay back the loan the day after tomorrow. You may be too busy." Jacob was begging Richard by now. He was already satisfied that Richard was willing to give him money. He could not afford to rush Richard because he would be miserable if Richard regretted his decision.
	"Okay then. Ask your lawyer to draft the agreement tomorrow, and we'll sign it. But from now on, I won't care about anything related to HD. If they come to me, I'll say that you're the President of HD." Jacob looked like he was throwing out the hot potato.
	There was nothing Addy could do. Her son was a good-for-nothing. What could she do? She was fated to live a normal life instead of becoming the lady of the Carter family.
	After signing the agreement, Jacob kept one copy for himself and gave the other two copies to Richard.
	"Jacob, I think I'm at a disadvantage. We are both sons of the Carter family. You should also contribute to the Carter family. Why don't you be the President?" Richard regretted it a bit.
	"The agreement has been signed, so you can't refuse anymore. I'm going to rest. You should also go back soon to spend time with Allen and Amy." Richard gave the agreement to Addy and asked her to take care of it. Then he lay down and was ready to go to bed. Now that the issue has been addressed, he felt a lot more relieved.
	Jacob left with the agreement that Jacob signed in hand. Jacob sure overestimated himself. He wanted to scheme against others when he did not have the brains for it. If Allison had not played tricks behind his back, Jacob would not have been able to make demands. It was just that the HD Group was truly a mess now. Good thing he transferred a large part of corporate assets out before. Jacob did not know how many assets the HD Group truly had.
Chapter 348 Hilary Carter Is A Secret Weapon
	Having taken over HD Group from Jacob with little effort, Richard started seriously working. Even though prepared, he was still a bit bothered by the fact that the reputation of the group, rather than its finance, was a hot mess at the moment. Various companies had terminated their cooperation with HD, for fear that it would be led by another idiot.
	At this point, the first company that broke the ice was the Newell Group. Despite the wide-sprawled anecdote in R city of how HD screwed up Newell before, the latter chose to put everything behind and started a new chapter with the former. Because of that, other smaller companies decided to follow Newell and accepted HD back in the game.
	Jacob also gave in his own shares and received 80 million to his bank account in return. After that, he decided to resign all the positions in the group and enjoy his carefree time with the fortune.
	"Allison! Tell me, what kind of brother would be so hooked by that bitch that he doesn't even care about his own sister? I don't want to live anymore!" Hilary cried non-stop to Allison. She was very bitter about Amy taking up all the attention from Richard.
	"Your brother is just blinded by that whore. We gotta think of a way to get rid of her. But so far I can't come up with a good idea yet. What do you think we should do now?" Allison handed over a piece of tissue to Hilary.
	After all this time, Allison was sure that Hilary had already had full hatred towards Amy now. So it was time to get her some real tasks.
	"What can I do? I just want him to divorce her, and ask her to disappear, the farther the better. Never ever let me see her again!" Hilary said in rage.
	"So don't fool around outside every day, then. You should stay at home and make her life miserable. Isn't that what you want?" Allison reminded Hilary. She would never tell others what to do in a direct manner, but in the form of a gentle reminder.
	"I hate her! I don't wanna see her face!" Hilary wiped the tears off her face.
	"Oh, Hil, you're a silly girl. Are you happier without seeing her? It just makes her life so much easier. Can you take that? Her having a great time while you running around like a homeless?" Allison sipped her coffee elegantly. She was a coffeeholic, and Richard used to crave for the coffee she made in the past.
	"You're right! I can't let her live like a queen at home while me running around like a servant! So what should I do to make her suffer, Allison?" Hilary asked Allison.
	"There are many ways to let someone suffer, such as creating conflicts between her and your brother, or letting her get hurt. You can do all these, as long as you live with her." Hilary didn't win full trust from Allison yet, so the latter was just testing her with some gimmicks.
	"OK, I'll go back now. I must make her life hell, and take revenge for my father and my grandma." Hilary nodded, took a sip of coffee and was about to leave.
	At that moment, Finnley Carr came in. His fragile yet divine face grabbed Hilary's heart right away.
	"Wow, he's so cute! I like him so much!" She couldn't take her eyes off him.
	Allison glanced at Finnley – this guy was so thin, and looked so gay.
	"Finn, coming for a coffee too?" Hilary ditched Allison and trotted towards Finnley.
	Finnley clearly didn't expect to see her here. He pushed her away subconsciously – he hated to have people so close to him.
	"Ms. Carter, great to see you here!" Finnley was full of politeness but took a step back instead.
	"Let me buy you a coffee. It's been a while since I saw you last time. Did you miss me?" Hilary's stupid face disgusted Allison.
	"Oh, that won't be necessary. I have an appointment today, so maybe we do that another day." Finnley turned Hilary down immediately.
	"When would be it then? I'm really looking forward to a date with you." Hilary was glued to Finnley.
	"I've been busy lately. So when I'm free, maybe." Finnley managed to keep his cool.
	"So when will you be free?" Hilary didn't give up.
	"Maybe next life, Ms. Carter. Excuse me, I gotta go now." Finnley couldn't take her anymore, so he went straight upstairs to the private room.
	"What a beautiful face! Allison, what do you say?" Hilary returned to Allison, her eyes still fixated on Finnley.
	"I think he's too gay. But I heard he's good at fighting. Even though he's thin, he's got some muscles on him. Alright, I gotta go now too. I'll call you when I come up with an idea." She was in a hurry to leave, fearing being spotted with Hilary. Although Hilary had slowly gained her trust, she was still her secret weapon and should be reserved until the right moment.
	"OK, see you then, Allison. I'll head home too, and I'll make sure to give her hell." Hilary picked up her bag and left from the rear door.
	"Amy Newell, give me some water!" Hilary went inside the house to see Amy playing happily with Allen. Kicking off her shoes grumpily, she rushed into the living room.
	"Sure." Amy responded and stood up from the floor to get her water.
	"Mommy, I'll go with you." Allen stood up right away with Amy.
	"Allen, stay here OK? Come over here to auntie. She brought you something to eat!" Before Hilary arrived home, she stopped by Grandma Cathy's and bought some snacks.
	"I want to eat with Mommy." Allen dragged the hem of Amy's clothes and followed her.
	"Ugh, I bought them for you, not for your mother." Hilary glared at Allen and started eating herself.
	Such a great taste! Hilary was having a good time eating the snacks and watching Amy serving her like a maid.
	"Amy, you know you have an alluring face, right? Don't pretend that you don't know how to use it. That Philip guy seems to like you very much. Why don't you marry him? Why do you keep haunting my brother?" Hilary didn't mind humiliating Amy whiles drinking a glass of water she made.
	"Because I love her. Hil, I told you not to come to my house. Why are you here? Do you want me to throw you out?" Richard got home at this time and saw that Hilary was pointing fingers at Amy.
	"Richard! You're going to throw me out? This is your house, but I'm your sister, so this is my house too! I have the right to stay here and however long I want! I'm not leaving. So what are you gonna do now?" Hilary dropped herself onto the sofa and was ready for a fight.
Chapter 349 Finnley Arrives At Home
	The resort project of the Newell Group was going in a very good direction. After Dalton came back, he sent another team for the supervision and got Finnley back from the site.
	"Finn, you're chosen by Amy. So wherever she is now, you'll be with her. I trust you. Take good care of her, please." Dalton said to Finnley.
	"Sure, Mr. Newell. I will make sure Ms. Newell is safe." Finnley was very fond of Amy, so it would be a pleasure for him to be with her.
	When Finnley appeared at the doorstep of Richard's house, Amy was pleasantly surprised. "Finn, how come you're here?"
	"Mr. Newell sent me here, Ms. Newell. He said you picked me, so I should be staying with you." He had a big suitcase behind him. Seemed like he was going to settle down in this house.
	"But I…" Amy of course knew his father sent Finnley here to protect her, but she didn't think there was a need for that. She should be quite safe here.
	"Finn! Finn! Oh great! Are you going to stay here?" Hilary rushed down from her room and squeezed herself between Amy and Finnley.
	"Yes, I'm here to take care of Ms. Newell." Finnley already felt impatient about this woman.
	"Finn, stop calling me Ms. Newell. Just call me Amy." Amy said to Finnley.
	"Hey! We're in the middle of a conversation here. Go inside and get Finn a cup of tea!" Hilary ordered Amy.
	"That won't be necessary. So, Amy, where shall I stay? I'll drop down my luggage and get you some tea." Finnley glared at Hilary.
	Even so, Hilary was still falling for that look he gave her.
	"Finn, the way you looked at me is so charming. It's so good that you're staying here with me. That's truly great!" Hilary picked up Finnley's hands, but he shook her off and then followed Amy into the house.
	Amy arranged for Finnley to live in the room upstairs, across her own. Now Hilary was pissed. She of course wanted to have him next to herself.
	"Amy Newell, there's an empty room next to mine, why don't you let him stay there?" Hilary screamed at Amy.
	"Well, because this is my house, and Finn is my man. I let him stay wherever I want him to stay, and it's none of your business." Amy was finally not diplomatic anymore.
	Hilary didn't see this coming and suddenly didn't know how to react. She rushed inside her room in rage, but before that, she even managed to throw Finnley a warm smile at the door.
	"Finn, you can stay here now. I know what my father wants, and I know you're busy, so you don't have to stay here every day. If you need to go out any time, you're free to go. I'm sorry if this brings you troubles." Amy felt sorry for an outstanding guy like Finnley having to be her bodyguard.
	"It doesn't bring me troubles. It's my pleasure to do this, and Mr. Newell didn't force me." Finnley smiled. His face was always gentle, but only to Amy.
	Amy tapped on Finnley's shoulders, which weren't broad but would lull one into a sense of security.
	"Amy, there's something I noticed with the cooking lady here. It seems like she likes to eavesdrop on us, and she also filmed us with her camera." Finnley whispered to Amy's ear.
	Amy nodded without saying a word. Whatever she said might be heard, so she needed a spy in this house for her right now.
	Since Finnley lived in the house, jealous Richard was unexpectedly nice to him and didn't seem to see him as a threat. On the contrary, he was treating him fairly well.
	While Hilary would dress herself like she's going to a party every day and let herself appear in front of Finnley "unintentionally".
	"Finn, try this ice-cream. It's my favorite. I eat this no matter when." Hilary recommended her favorite ice-cream to Finnley.
	"No, thanks." Finnley replied coldly.
	"Oh, then what do you like to eat? I'll make you. If I don't know how, I will buy you." Hilary was just like a chewing gum sticking onto Finnley.
	Finnley had enough of her. He didn't understand why this woman would flirt with him every day. Couldn't she see that he didn't like her at all?
	"Finn, why don't you talk to me? Please tell me how you trained for fighting. Look at your chest…" Hilary reached out her hands trying to touch Finnley's chest, but was caught in the middle of the air by Finnley. He was so hard that Hilary started screaming.
	Finnley shook her hand off effortlessly, while for Hilary, it was hard enough to make her fall on the floor.
	Finnley thought to himself, this way she must be pissed at him and would leave him alone. But he obviously underestimated Hilary's persistence.
	"Wow, Finn! You're good! You're absolutely my dream man. Look, I'm pretty and have a good family. How about you marry me, so you can put me on the floor however you want. Sounds good?" Hilary got up from the ground and leaned over to Finnley.
	"Is my sister home?" Dexter Butler walked into the living room to see Finnley entangled by Hilary. He looked around and didn't see signs of Amy. Didn't she tell me she'd be waiting here?
	"Yes. She's upstairs. She told me to tell her when you're here." Finnley pushed Hilary away at the sight of Dexter and went upstairs.
	"You did choose the right time!" Hilary glared at Dexter. She was over the moon to spend time with Finnley alone and was about to force him to marry her. Now her plan was spoiled thanks to Dexter.
	"What?" Dexter watched Finnley go away and heard something from Hilary, but he couldn't make out exactly.
	"Dexter, you're here in time! Come up here, Finn's also here." Amy stood at the staircase and waved at Dexter.
	Seeing everyone go up, Hilary curled her lips, sat down on the sofa and began eating fruit in front of her. Her aim was to get Amy Newell annoyed. Only when everyone was pissed would she feel that she's achieved her goal.
Chapter 350 Two Men Go Life Painting
	The sun was vicious. It radiated its heat relentlessly to everybody, as if it was reluctant to leave the stage with the upcoming start of winter.
	Finnley was wearing a simple loose-cut black T-shirt and a pair of black Harem Pants, with his usual short hair and divine face. It was hard for anyone who saw the face to shut off any further imagination.
	He came out of the supermarket with a bottle of water in his hand. Drinking while walking, he could finally feel a bit of a pause of the crucial heat from the coolness in his hand.
	Arriving at the underground parking, he spotted a woman on a phone call, so he instinctively hid himself behind the wall.
	He sent Amy a message on the phone and then walked out as if he didn't see her. Walking over to his car, he unlocked the vehicle.
	"Finnley? Wait, Finnley, wait!" Allison saw Finnley not far away as she hung up, and walked towards him hastily.
	"Oh, Ms. Field?" Finnley turned around and pretended he just saw her, staring in a slightly condescending gesture.
	His 5.8 inch height was not outstanding among males, but for most females, they had to look up to him already.
	"Finnley, you look great. No wonder Hil likes you so much. Even girl like me finds you attractive. But since you're not a big fan of Hilary, may I introduce you to a better one?" Allison figured that since Finnley was the one Amy trusted, if she could get him on her side, it would be so much easier for her to roll out her plans.
	"Oh, that's so nice of you, Ms. Field. But I'm not planning on finding a girlfriend at the moment. Plus, I'm not interested in women now." Finnley replied coldly.
	"C'mon, Finn. You're not falling for Amy, right? She's the type of woman who plays with men easily. See what Richard has turned into. You should know the kind of power Richard and his family have, right? You won't beat him. Why don't you go for someone with a simpler background?" Allison seemed like she was really caring for him.
	"That's not necessary. Now if you'll excuse me, I'd like to go now. Please step away." Finnley was about to open the door of his car.
	At this moment, Allison caught Finnley's arm with her red-nail hand.
	"Finn, don't you want to take a close look at me? I'm no worse than Amy Newell. The girl that I'm going to introduce to you, she's even prettier than me. You can be reassured that I won't lie to you." Allison leaned over to Finnley and blew some warm air into his ear.
	Finnley was tickled heavily by the strong perfume and sneezed hard right at Allison's face.
	"Ahhh!" Allison screamed. It took her a long time today to do the make-up and now it was completely ruined by this goddamn Finnley Carr.
	"I'm so sorry. I'm allergic to strange smells. Your perfume is way too strong. I repeat, I'm not interested in women, so no need to bother, Ms. Field." Finnley opened the door quickly. The way Allison held his arm gave him lots of creep.
	"Allison, Allison!" Just when Allison was about to say something to Finnley, Jacob Carter ran towards her hurriedly and took her arm all of a sudden.
	"What are you doing here?" Allison was held tightly in Jacob's arms completely off guard just the moment she saw this douchebag.
	Finnley took this good opportunity and ignited the car, rushing out like a rocket.
	Dexter asked Finnley out for a life painting up in the mountain today. Finnley took a strong interest in painting since childhood, but his family didn't allow him to pursuit his love. His mother made him study finance and management. He learned many things through it, but none was what he really liked.
	Learning that Dexter was a painter reignited the inner love for art in Finnley again. He was eager to learn from Dexter and nobody would be in his way now.
	He arrived at the rendezvous and saw that Dexter was already waiting with the canvas and a big backpack.
	"Come on, get in the car." Finnley told Dexter. He then got off the car and helped Dexter load everything. The appearance of such two beautiful faces attracted loads of girls from the university, who started photographing them secretly with their phones.
	"Let's go, otherwise we'd cause a traffic jam here." Dexter laughed, seated at the passenger's seat and asking Finnley to drive off.
	"It's so hot today! But it'll get cooler up in the mountain. It's beautiful there. I bring you a set of tool too, so you can paint with me later." The two hobbyists found themselves a lot of common topics.
	"Great, thanks Professor Butler! You made my childhood dream come true. I'll definitely return the favor." Finnley said in an exciting tone. He was well aware of Dexter's reputation as an artist. Now this famous painter was sitting right next to him and would teach him how to paint, how could he suppress his excitement? You didn't even get such a chance by paying him.
	"Really? Nice! But I can't think of one right now." Dexter smiled, finding this Finnley guy quite an interesting figure.
	"So I owe you one, then. Whenever you need my help, don't hesitate to let me know." Finnley was the kind of person who never ate his own words.
	"Good." Dexter was a little lost in Finnley's handsome profile, so he took out a pad and a pencil from his bag and started drawing.
	Before long, Finnley's face emerged on the paper, and after a little tweaking, the face looked truly vivid now. Finnley caught a glimpse at his portrait from Dexter, and a shot of shyness rose from inside being drawn by such an outstanding master.
	After the drawing was done, Dexter tucked it back in his bag without showing it to Finnley, pretending nothing had happened just now. So the two remained silent for the rest of the way.
	When the off-roader roared up to the hillside, Dexter asked to pull over.
	"The next part will be a bit difficult to drive, but after that, we'll see the most fabulous scene you'll ever see." Dexter told Finnley.
	Each of them took a backpack, and Dexter tried to carry all of the rest onto his back. Seeing the slim body of Finnley's, he would've felt guilty not carrying more as he was a 6'1'' tall guy.
	"Let me take this. You've got too much." Finnley felt bad about Dexter carrying most of the stuff, although it couldn't hinder one bit of his charm.
	"No problem. I used to go out a lot with my students. I'm used to it." Dexter said as he loaded everything on his back and marched forward. Finnley had no other choice but to just follow him behind.
Chapter 351 A Call for Help
	It was indeed much cooler in the mountain. One would find it hard to fasten his pace and leave such amazing scenery behind, especially with the light breeze gently brushing through the body.
	"It's so chill here! I'm afraid we need to put on more clothes if we stay here longer." Finnley said as he felt refreshing all over his body.
	"That's for sure. But it won't be a problem because I brought jackets. You can wear mine, in my pack." Dexter was busy setting up the easel, where he could start capturing the gorgeous scene before him very soon.
	Finnley took a closer observation of the artist in front of him – a caring man with great attention to details. Amy told him that Dexter had been single all these years, except for one girlfriend – his painting. He was kind and anxious to help. And he didn't seem to be bothered by the fact that he was single even though he was at his twenties.
	"Why are you staring at me? I set this up for you, so you can paint later. Here, take the chair, I'll take the stuff out. You can watch me while I'm painting, you can also eat something if you're hungry. I don't know what you're into so I just got whatever was available." Dexter finished his preparation, then took his backpack over, emptying everything inside.
	Finnley was a bit shocked. He got everything – fruit, snacks, water, etc.
	'Does he think I was a kid? So many snacks…'
	"I don't know what you like. But I'm sure you'll get bored. Since you're driving, I can't get you alcohol, so… only these." Dexter scratched his head. He chose things according to his sister's preference, since he wasn't much of a snacker.
	"Thank you!" This was all Finnly could come up with as a reply. He went to the supermarket only to get four bottles of water and nothing else had even crossed his mind. But Dexter thought of it all.
	"Come here, Finn. If you look from this angle, you'll see a different view. The focus is on that mountain, which is now very beautiful, but if you look at it from this angle, it looks more dangerous. Now why don't you try sketching its features out on your paper?" Dexter showed to Finnley what was special about that mountain. The warm air from his mouth was blown onto Finnley's face. His heart started pounding.
	Finnley had never been so close to a man, which made him drenched in sweat.
	Same for Dexter. He moved away right after talking. The pounding effect didn't occur when he was talking to his students – only when talking to Finnley.
	"You can start first, and if you have any question in between, just ask me." Dexter, who also had a reddish complexion, went back to his easel and started mixing colors.
	The two returned to the silent phase again. Dexter was focusing on his painting, while Finnley also started sketching.
	Though Finnley was very interested in painting, never had he had a chance to execute it seriously. He was educated very strictly all the time, though he had no idea what good it did on him now.
	He had several beautiful pictures in his mind, but when he held the pencil and actually did the work, they all turned into irregular funny lines.
	Looking at his own "work", Finnley burst into laughter – that might be at most comics, right?
	Hearing Finnley's laughter, Dexter came over and looked at his drawing. He did not laugh, however, but grabbed Finnley's hand instead and continued drawing on the paper. After a few additional lines, a stunning mountain popped up before their eyes.
	"Look, you actually already took the essence of it, just need a little bit more touch. Go ahead, you'll get better after more practice." Dexter already saw Finnley as his student now and the messy thoughts earlier in his head were gone.
	"Alright!" Finnley flipped a page and continued drawing.
	Perhaps because he did have a bit of a talent, Finnley adjusted his way of drawing according to what Dexter showed him just now, and slowly he was able to reproduce the mountains on his papers.
	After five drawings, Finnley felt that he was more satisfied with his skills now.
	It was tiring work for him, though. He turned around and saw that Dexter was immersed in his own creative world, so he decided to change a spot to take a rest and there on the cloth he saw the assorted snacks Dexter bought.
	They were so colorful. Finnley had no idea what any of them tasted like, because believe it or not, he had never tried any before.
	He picked a pretty-looking pack and opened it, where there were a lot of thin pieces inside. He tilted the bag and read the words on it: potato chips.
	Taking one out of the bag and putting it in his mouth, he was amazed at how tasty it was: crispy and flavorful. No wonder girls like to snack. They were indeed good.
	Before he realized, Finnley already finished the pack, and took off the plastic package of a lollipop. He tucked it into the mouth and was again stunned by the strong sweet taste.
	Dexter was still painting, but he from time to time had a glimpse of Finnley eating the snack, which gave him a lot of joy.
	Done eating and drinking, Finnley started to feel bored. He walked behind Dexter and wanted to check out his work.
	It was like a real photo of the scene before his eyes.
	"Your painting is so photo realistic, amazing!" Finnley couldn't stop admiring. He was dreaming one day he could reach that level.
	The two were still enjoying the view and their paintings while suddenly they heard a small noise, like someone was calling for help.
	"Did you hear that?" Finnley asked Dexter. He had very sharp ears.
	"Yes. Seems like someone is asking for help." Dexter dropped his brush and tried to capture more sounds and locate the direction.
	The voice was very slim. They paid close attention, and it sounded like from a valley far down there.
	"I'll go take a look." Finnley was about to leave. Dexter reached out one hand to grab him, but accidentally touched his chest, which was quite hard as it was pumped with muscles. The two turned against each other in embarrassment.
	"Wait up. I'll go with you." Dexter put down tools in his hands, and the two set out for where the sound came from.
	The sound came from quite far away. The two traced it bit by bit and arrived at a flat ground, where they suddenly lost the source of the sound.
	"You go over there, I'll look around here." Dexter told Finnley.
	Finnley walked towards the direction Dexter pointed to him and was trying carefully to catch the soundwave. But it never came again. Maybe the person already died?
	A bad thought arose in his mind. Startled, he didn't notice what was under his feet.
Chapter 352 Falling Into a Trap
	Finnley was so focused on finding the source of the sound that he didn't pay attention to what was beneath his feet – he fell into a trap.
	Fortunately his instinct and fighting techniques saved him from falling onto the sharp objects in the trap, and he managed to roll himself to a relatively safe spot.
	But this trap was around three meters deep. There was no way for him to get out by himself.
	"Dexter! Dexter! I'm here! I'm here!" Finnley shouted. He was hoping Dexter could hear him and come to rescue him. But his voice didn't bring him Dexter, but rather a few weird men.
	"Hahaha! So how's my trap? Ain't that bad, huh? Whoever it is, I'll always catch him!" A fat man claimed dismissively into the trap to Finnley.
	"I got him here with my crying for help. But this fellow is a pretty one. I like him. You can pay me less but I'll have this man." A woman was drooling over Finnley at the rim of the trap. How could this man be so cute? She looked at the other men standing next to her and thought to herself: how can there be such a huge difference as the same species?
	"You? No, I want him too. This pretty boy is so much tastier than you dirty bitch. You stink! You never shower or clean yourself. I'll take him." Another fatty was also eyeing on Finnley.
	Finnley took a close look – five people up there. If there were more, probably a dozen in total. He figured he could take them down himself. He shouldn't call for Dexter now, otherwise he would also get caught.
	"You guys are just gonna watch me up there without getting me out?" Finnley crossed his arms around his chest and asked.
	"Of course we'll get you out, but not now – not until you're hungry enough and have no strength anymore. If we get you out now, we'd get us into trouble. Well, we're heading to your buddy now. He seems trapped too, hahaha!" These strange people weren't in a hurry. They watched Finnley like he was a monkey.
	Finnley realized something bad was coming. These people were not that dumb, they would leave him in the trap until his body wore off.
	He was contemplating a strategy. If he couldn't get out, both he and Dexter would be in real danger. If these people found out who he was, he'd be in big trouble.
	"Please, get me out. Look, I'm just a thin and weak man. If you wait until I'm starving to death, I won't look pretty anymore." He showed them his pale hands.
	"Aww! Look at those hands – they look so yummy! Such a pretty boy. Let's get him up here, yeah?" The woman was anxious.
	"OK, let's get him up. Such a pretty boy. Young man, you can't blame us for what happened today. If you ever come across things like this in the future, think first. Don't try to be a hero when you're not. But it's too late for you to know now. Hahaha!" The people threw down a rope while mocking Finnley, asking him to climb up through the rope.
	Finnley looked at the rope and pretended he was very weak. He climbed up slowly so that those people could lose guard towards him.
	When he got to the entrance, they tried to pull him out, and while at it, taking some advantage of him as well.
	Finnley dropped himself on the ground as soon as he got out, disguising himself as a fragile man, which made those weird people burst into laughter.
	After lying on the ground for a while, Finnley got his strength fully back and sat up from the ground. The strangers then walked closer to Finnley, preparing to tie him up – that would be the safest way.
	"You guys look like you're rich. Why did you come here? You just had such a bad luck. We've only been here for a month or so. But this is a good place, yeah? People come for sex, some even bring their mistresses to watch stars… so romantic. Hahaha! They paid us well though, and nobody dared to call the cops." The fat man tied Finnley with ropes while continuing to taunt him.
	Finnley took a look around. There were five men, strongly built, and only one woman, probably the one who lured them here. He glared at her.
	Just when the fat man was about to make a knot, Finnley made a strong kick all of a sudden and escaped the ropes. Then he jumped onto the fat man and gave him several good kicks.
	The others were still laughing hard when this happened. It was a matter of moments that nobody had the time to figure out what was going on, until the fat man was screaming loudly for help on the ground.
	They went straight to Finnley with knifes.
	"Hey, be careful not to hurt his face! I need that!" The woman was still sitting leisurely on the ground, drinking and eating, watching the fierce fight among the men.
	But things didn't go exactly as she expected. This thin and weak man was, in fact, a tough fighter. All the other men surrounding him couldn't even touch him at all.
	It didn't take much of effort for Finnley to handle these people – though they had weapons in their hands, they were merely bluffing.
	Seeing that they were not having any favorable conditions, the woman on the ground gave a whistle, a few more men suddenly rushed in from all around.
	"Go ahead and take that boy down!" The woman said to those people.
	Now Finnley had to fight ten men altogether. Although they knew nothing about martial arts, they still posed as a threat because of their weapons. They also had quite the strength, so if this went into a long fight, Finnley wouldn't be able to make it through as he'd be tired out.
	"Hahaha! You guys don't go at the same time. Take turns. Let's see how good this little man is! When he has no strength, he'll be all ours." The woman ordered the uncultured men around her.
	They indeed did as she said – take turns to fight Finnley. Looked like they were ready to stress him out.
	Finnley began to worry. He was more worried about Dexter, though, who was just a college professor without any fighting experience. What could he do if he got caught?
	At that moment, Finnley grabbed a knife from a man's hand and stabbed his arm, then a few more other legs. Down went these men immediately, howling in agony. Finnley had to do this in order to go save Dexter.
	After taking all the men down, Finnley was about to break through when the woman suddenly mounted on a horse. What he didn't expect was that among all these people that captured him, only this woman was a real fighter.
Chapter 353 The Identity of Finnley
	"Ha ha, young man, guess what? I am able to fight with you. You are so adept at kungfu! You have started to grow on me." The woman poked fun at the young man.
	Her behavior was more repugnant to Finnley. Just now, he considered her as a woman so he didn't beat her with all his force. This woman, however, didn't relent in her fighting against him at all.
	Finnley got angry then. He beat her as hard as he could. When the woman was about to lose this battle, she took out a sachet and scattered the powder.
	Finnley dodged the powder quickly but there was still some of it falling on his body. What was worse, he inhaled some.
	Soon, he began to feel dizzy. Before he fell down, he saw that the woman smiled with an air of triumph pervading her eyes and those who had been beaten down by him stood up again, laughing at him.
	"Oh, no. I should keep myself on my toes. I am inexperienced and I don't expect that she will play dirty," thought Finnley to himself.
	Even he fell, he was still concerned about Dexter. Before he became unconscious, he let out a cry.
	"Dexter, I can't save you now." Then, he lapsed into a coma.
	He felt a chill on his face and the water in his mouth tasted sweet so he took a few more sips.
	After drinking some water, he felt more eased in his breasts. He became relaxed and comfortable.
	"Finnley, are you feeling better now?" someone asked anxiously. Finnley knew it was Dexter but he had no idea where he was.
Chapter 354 Clearing the Air
	"Finnley, I have heard that you and Dexter were in danger when you went out sketching last time," said Amy at dinner.
	"It was not very dangerous. We met some robbers, but we fixed them," said Finnley casually. She didn't want Amy to worry about her.
	"What? Robbers? That's horrible. Didn't you get injured, Finnley?" asked Hilary anxiously.
	"I'm fine." Finnley held a bowl and didn't take a glance at her.
	Richard was concerned about her, too. But since she looked light-hearted, Richard knew she was fine. She was so adept at Kungfu that she wouldn't lose the battle with even ten people.
	"You should be more careful when you go out next time. But we must not be soft on such bad people," said Richard to her.
	"Alright, I know it," nodded Finnley. Usually, she was lenient with those bad people, which was one of her weak points.
	"Richard, Finnley has suffered from such great trouble. Why don't you comfort him? Finnley, don't go with Dexter any more. We can go to the beauty salon and the gym together. These places are very safe, where no one will rob you because they are not allowed to get in these places," said Hilary, who was completely obsessed with his beauty.
	"Hilary, mother asked you to go home and she wanted to set you up. You must go back home," ordered Richard.
	"A blind date? My dear brother, can't you just persuade her not to set me up? I hate it. If she forces me to do that again, I will take my own life," said Hilary angrily. "I have enough of mother. She is always fixing me up with many strange men. Is it that hard for me to get married in her eyes? Can't she find someone like Finnley?" thought Hilary to herself.
	"Then you can commit suicide now. Mother said she would tie you to get married if you are still single," said Richard seriously after finishing his dinner.
	"Humph! You are not my brother. I won't get married unless the bridegroom is someone like Finnley," said Hilary. Then she looked at Finnley smilingly.
	After finishing the dinner, Finnley stood up and said, "I'm done. I go upstairs." She rested in Amy's house in the afternoon. Only in the evening she went home if she had nothing to do. She was also a woman and she liked staying with Amy, treating her as a friend because she was kind and pretty.
	But as soon as she arrived at her bedroom, she received the call from her family, who asked her to go home immediately because there was something important to be announced.
	Without sitting for a second, Finnley went downstairs and said goodbye to Amy. She explained that she had to leave and stay at home for a period of time because something happened to her family.
	"You'd better drive slowly. No hurry," said Amy. Seeing she was in haste, Amy was so worried about her.
	"Alright, I'm not in a hurry. I have nothing to do with this matter. I am just an audience. I'll leave now. See you, Amy, Mr. Carter," said Finnley. Then she left for DL City.
	"Richard, is she the daughter of the Carr family?" asked Amy, nestling in Richard's arms in a comfortable posture.
	"How do you know that?" asked Richard. He was very surprised because many people didn't know about this. His wife was so clear about it instead.
	"Humph, it's so easy to know this. You knew her before so you asked her to be my assistant. I'm clear about that. And Otto was sent to me by Kingley. Fabian was chosen by Andy. You all select the most excellent people for me. Honey, thanks so much," said Amy. Then she climbed onto Richard.
	"My little girl, you are so smart. I thought you couldn't identify Finnley's gender. She always lives a life like men. If I didn't have her thoroughly vetted, I wouldn't know she is a woman," said Richard, holding Amy in his arms.
	"I have asked Fabian to investigate her. She is the sister of Kingsley and was treated strictly from her childhood. It is said that she was going to assist Kinsley to run the Carr Group. However, Kingsley is so silly and clumsy now that the Carr Group is watched by many other people in the Carr family, which makes Kinsley's father very worried," said Amy. The situation in the Carr family was the most complex one. It was an old enterprise, which had lasted for five or six generations. What was worse, family hierocracy prevailed in their family, which was very cliched.
	"That wasn't our business. I think Allen is too lonely. We should give him a sister or brother. He will be very happy," said Richard. He was not interested in anything except the tiny delicate body on him.
	"Is it his thought or yours?" Amy rolled her eyes while Richard took off her clothes quickly.
	"I'm his father. If I have this thought, he should have it, too," said Richard. He lay on Amy and kissed her face.
	"Richard, what did you do to me seven years ago?" Although she was exhausted by him, she still wanted to ask this question.
	"I just turned you to my woman," said Richard. He helped to wipe off her sweat and thought to himself, "My wife is so smart to know everything."
	"I am very grateful for you. Without you, I had been spoiled by other people. I have heard that Gina wanted to introduce a fat and ugly man to me at that time," said Amy, still feeling afraid.
	Richard remembered that his bodyguard told him that a fat and ugly man was beaten because he made trouble at the gate.
	Thinking of the previous things, he felt afraid, too. If he hadn't gone to a wrong room at that time and see this exuberant woman, what would happen to her then?
	"This means that we are destined to be with each other. I have investigated Allison. She and I don't have any interactions. It is her mother who distorted the truth. And that child is not mine," said Richard. He felt relieved after clearing these misunderstandings.
Chapter 355 Jacob was Poisoned
	Amy couldn't believe that Allison would invite her to get for a cup of tea, particularly in the Cathy's tea house. Allison was a troublemaker, who was up to no good.
	"Amy, do you fear to come?" asked Allison in an attractive voice.
	"I am indeed afraid to go because I'm not used to staying with a shameless person," said Amy, pretending to be fearful.
	"Ha ha, I like nothing of you but your straightforwardness. Alright, see you, tomorrow," said Allison without giving any specific details of what she would say tomorrow. Amy didn't know what Allison planned to do but at least she couldn't harm her in Cathy's tea house.
	Amy agreed. She just played it by ear tomorrow.
	"Amy, are you going to see Allison tomorrow?" asked Richard.
	"Yes. She says she wants to catch up with me and there are some misunderstandings to be dealt with." Amy explained it to him briefly.
	"You don't have to see her. We should be careful of that woman. Since she always has people to blame, it's annoying that we can't find any evidence showing she is to blame and get her punished," said Richard. After hearing Amy's words, he refused to allow her to go to see Allison.
	"That's fine. I can protect myself. I want to know what she will say," said Amy. Since she never interacted with her face to face, she wanted to see how cunning she was.
	"Let Otto accompany you or you are not allowed to go," Richard ordered. He worried that she would be in danger if she went alone.
	"Alright, I'll go with him," said Amy. She didn't know the appointment with Allison would harm several people.
	Amy and Richard didn't say anything the whole night. Soon, it was tomorrow morning. It was cloudy and chill probably because the autumn began. Amy put on a thin coat.
	Otto was ready to go. He was dressed all in black. He seldom stayed with Amy so he was very excited today. It was the first time he had an important task to perform since he came to the Newell Group.
	Amy took Otto to the tea house of Cathy, the appointed place. It was the appointed time but Allison had arrived yet.
	Amy greeted Cathy and intended to leave. However, someone gave her a package at this moment.
	"Let me open it," said Otto and took the package.
	"Don't open it now. Wait for a second. I'll call Allison first," said Amy. She thought there was something wrong with it so she prevented him from opening it and intended to call Allison.
	"I'm so sorry to have you wait for me. There is heavy traffic on the way and I am so anxious. Let's get in," said Allison. She wore a pink cheongsam, which highlighted her fine figure. Surprisingly, the one who followed her was Jacob.
	"Jacob?" Amy saw Jacob and greeted him.
	Jacob answered her with an embarrassed smile. He hadn't leave Allison since the day he found her. He knew his behaviour annoyed Allison.
	"Oh, this is my boyfriend. You are familiar with each other so I won't make introductions," said Allison. Her fingernails were polished scarlet. She pulled Jacob close to her. Then they went into the VIP room. Allison sat down and made a cup of tea for everyone.
	"This cup looks more beautiful. Amy, you can use this one," said Allison. She discovered that Jacob's cup was prettier than Amy's so she exchanged their cups.
	"You don't have to do that. This one is fine," said Amy. Then she returned Jacob's cup to him.
	Allison looked at it coldly and said nothing. Then she held up her cup and toasted to Amy.
	"I intended to invite you to have dinner together but I was afraid that you wouldn't agree so I choose this tea house. We have been friends for years and there are many misunderstandings between us. I know that I have done something wrong but now I am aware of my mistakes. I hope we can bury the hatchet. Let me toast to you by tea," said Allison. Then she took a sip of her tea but Amy did nothing but watched her performance.
	"Amy, I know you won't forgive me but I have realized my fault," said Allison. Then she burst into tears sadly.
	"Amy, can't you just forgive her? She told me that she has done a lot of bad things to you so she wants to find an opportunity to make it up to you. That's why we invite you here. Besides, we are going to get married. Let me toast to you. I would be very appreciated if you can take part in our wedding," said Jacob. He comforted Allison, took the cup before him and drank all of it.
	"Amy, I feel so regretful for what I have done to you," said Allison. She became very excited and began to grasp Amy's hands.
	Allison succeeded in grasping unsuspecting Amy immediately. But Amy broke free quickly. It made her disgusted to be touched by a ruthless and merciless person.
	"Sorry, I have to go to the bathroom to freshen up," said Allison. Amy shook off her hands so she felt embarrassed and went to the bathroom to freshen up.
	"Amy, could you pass me that teapot," said Jacob. She didn't know why the teapot was beside her. Jacob finished the tea in his cup and felt a little thirsty now.
	Amy took a glance at the teapot, lifted it up and refilled his cup.
	Jacob took another sip of tea because he felt very thirsty.
	After finishing that cup of tea, his stomach began aching.
	"My stomach is aching," yelled Jacob. He intended to bear the pain but the sweat kept oozing from his head and his stomach churned as if it was stirred by a knife.
	"Send him to the hospital now!" said Amy to Otto.
	At this moment, Allison came from the outside. At the sight of Jacob's painful look, she looked as if she had succeeded in doing something immoral.
	"What happened to you, Jacob? Don't scare me like that," cried Amy. She had cried for many times today.
	"I'm OK. My stomach is a little aching. Maybe I have eaten something unclean," said Jacob. He was in great pain and began frothing.
	"Oh, no. He begins frothing. Send him to hospital now," yelled Amy. Seeing his grey look, she asked people to send him to hospital immediately.
	"Wait for a second. I'll call the police," said Allison. Then she took out her phone unhurriedly.
Chapter 356 The Death of Jacob
	When everyone wanted to send Jacob to hospital immediately, Allison insisted on calling the police.
	"There is no time left. If we don't send him to hospital now, his life will be in danger," said Amy to Allison.
	"No, I'll call the police first. It is impossible for him to have a stomachache immediately without reason. There must be someone doing harm to him." Then Allison called the police.
	Due to the stomachache, Jacob had fainted for several times. Cathy came here, too. Allison, however, didn't agree to send him to hospital unless the police came.
	Luckily, the police came quickly and investigated the scene. Then they kept the scene intact and sent Jacob to hospital.
	He was indeed poisoned. After arriving at the hospital, his guts decayed. It was a really strong poison. Amy and Allison were controlled by the police and were interrogated to give some evidence.
	"What happened just now?" asked the police to Amy. Amy told what happened in detail and said she didn't know why he got poisoned.
	"Hold out your hand. We need to get something," said the police. He observed her hands carefully and found that there was something in her fingernails and the ring finger, which had not been rubbed away completely yet.
	"What's this?" asked the police.
	"This? Maybe I got it somewhere. Perhaps it was dust." Amy took a look at it. It was light flesh-coloured so she took no notice of it.
	"OK, we're going to test it. Jacob is poisoned so everything on your body needs to be tested," said the police to Amy.
	"Alright." Amy nodded.
	After the interrogation, the three people were not allowed to get back. Instead, the police arranged three rooms for them to rest and let them wait for the result of the test.
	When they were waiting, a bad news came that Jacob was poisoned to death. Amy recalled what had happened but she didn't find any evidence showing that Allison poisoned him. At that time, Allison wanted her to drink Jacob's water but she didn't do that. Didn't Allison want to poison her? But why didn't she stop him from drinking that cup of tea?
	Amy kept thinking about it. Suddenly, something occurred to her. Allison was calm since the accident. It was she who offered to call the police. That meant she got into Allison's trap.
	Richard stayed outside and felt very anxious but the police didn't allow him to see Amy. Cathy had called him and told him what had happened. Since Jacob was poisoned to death, the police was strict about this case. Therefore, they three could get home and see their families.
	"My wife is timid. She must be very scared. May I go to comfort her?" said Richard to the police.
	"No. They three are suspects now and your wife is the most suspected one. We have found something in her hands, which is being tested. Please wait for a while. When the result of the test comes, you can go to see her," said the leader of the police. He was very responsible. Even other people in the police office said he could go to see Amy but he didn't agree.
	"OK, when will the result come?" asked Richard. Hearing Amy was the most suspected one, he felt a sense of a bad omen.
	"It won't be so long. It has been sent to the laboratory already. Mr. Carter, I hope you can support my work. As soon as the result comes, I will let you see her," said the leader. He showed respect for Richard. He was always a policeman who insisted justice.
	"Fine, I'll wait here." Richard called Cathy and asked her not to worry so much.
	Sine someone was poisoned in the tea house, the surveillance footage of the VIP room was taken by the police. All the guests in the tea house left quickly because it was very frightening to hear poisoning.
	There were few people in the tea house now so Cathy went into the VIP room again. All the stuff they had used including teapot were taken away. She stared at the empty room and had a lot of puzzles in her mind.
	Although Richard called her, she was still uneasy. Her son and Amy were in the police office and the result hadn't come yet. How could she feel unworried?
	Finally, the result came. The leader had mixed feelings when he saw the result. He told Richard that the things in Amy's hands were what poisoned Jacob.
	"Mr. Carter, since I promised you to see her, you can go now. This evidence is against your wife," said the leader. Then he let Richard get in.
	"Richard, you are here finally. I think I get in Allison's trap," said Amy. As soon as she saw him, she told him that she had fallen into the trap.
	"Yes, you have fallen into a trap. Tell me, where did you get the things in your hands?" asked Richard. He was eager to know where Amy got those things in her hand.
	"I don't know. I didn't poison him and I have no idea where I get those things. Oh, Allison held me once, but I broke free immediately." Amy recalled what had happened.
	"Amy, if those things are given by Allison, she must have them in her hands. I'll ask the police to see whether there is something in her hands," said Richard. Then he went out to see the police.
	"But she went to the toilet after that. Before Jacob was poisoned, she said she wanted to go to the bathroom to freshen up. If she aimed to frame me, she must have destroyed the incriminating evidence," said Amy. She felt upset now.
	"Don't worry. I'll be always by your side and find the evidence to save," said Richard. He held her tightly.
	"I was so careless. I can't believe she is so cruel and merciless that she framed me by Jacob's life," said Amy. She was scared. How ruthless this woman would be to put lives at risk.
	"She is inhuman. You can't consider her as a normal person. You don't have to worry so much. I'll think about the solutions immediately." He comforted Amy.
	"OK, I'll wait for your good news, Richard," said Amy. She knew the only one who could save her was Richard. She got into trouble again.
	Allison was relieved. As the family of the victim, she cried bitterly when she was interrogated.
	Nobody would suspect her because she never touched that cup and all the evidence showed that she was innocent and had nothing to do with this poisoning.
Chapter 357 Cunning Allison
	"Sir, I'm so miserable. I'm going to get married and the invitations are ready. We intend to invite her to participate in our wedding. I can't believe that he is dead now. What should I do?" said Allison. She was relieved but unwilling to leave. She wept out her grief to the leader.
	"I'm so sorry for your loss," said the leader. He could do nothing but comforted her. If there was no evidence showing that Amy was guilty, the leader would think Allison was the murderer according to her affected behaviour.
	"Sir, you must punish the murder. My husband can't die without any reason. You must find the murderer for me," cried Allison. Her tears ran across her face and some of her makeup faded away, which made the police think she was in agony.
	"Alright, take it easy. Your husband is in the hospital now. You should go to see him for the last time," the leader comforted her.
	Finally, Allison left. The police office became quiet again. The leader lit the cigarette. He thought there was something with this case. All the evidence showed that Amy was the murderer but the instinct told him that Amy wasn't the murderer.
	Allison left the office. She didn't want to see Jacob at all, who forced her to marry him. She felt happy to think about this trick to get rid of Amy and Jacob. She could do anything more easily now. After Amy lost, Richard waited for her. If she was dead, he wouldn't wait for her anymore. But in order to perform well, she went to the hospital. In the hospital, Addy cried bitterly for her son's death. Her second son was on his way back. What happened to the Carter family? Why did so many people die here?
	Grandma died. Halbert died. Now Jacob died, too. Who would be the next?
	"Allison, you must take revenge for the murder of your husband. You're going to get married. He died in such great pain. Look at him, look at his miserable face. He died a bitter man," cried Addy. She grasped Allison's hands to see Jacob.
	Allison broke free and patted her on her shoulder. Then she pretended to cry sadly.
	"Mother, I'll call you mother now. He won't die with everlasting regret. I will take revenge on the murderer. And I'll take care of you till you are dead," said Allison. Since she wanted to take advantage of Addy, she faked some sweet words.
	"Allison, you are so kind. You always help my son but he is not that lucky to marry you. This is all caused by Amy. That bitch wants to poison him just because she is afraid that Jacob will compete with him for the position of CEO. Jacob has already conceded the position to them. She is such a cruel and ruthless woman!" cried Addy sadly. She didn't notice Allison's impatient look.
	"Mother, when will William arrive here? I'm his sister-in-law and I have something to tell him. There is something important to deal with so I'll leave now. Let me know if he comes," said Allison. She didn't want to take a single look at Jacob's annoying face.
	"Don't you see Jacob for the last time? You are his most beloved!" Addy wanted her to see her son for the last time because he loved her for his whole life but was poisoned to death before getting married.
	"Mother, I'm as sad as you for the death of Jacob. I want to have a good impression of him. It will make me more painful to see his look now." Allison wept and wiped her tears.
	"That makes sense. I haven't thought about it. Then you can do your stuff and I'll wait for William here. I'll call you when he arrives," said Addy. She believed everything Allison said so she didn't insist on her seeing Jacob.
	"I think you can win the Award for Best Actress. It's a pity that you are not an actress, Miss Field," said Kingsley. When Allison went out of the funeral home, she happened to meet Kingsley.
	"Mr. Carr, do you come here to see my husband? What do you mean just now?" said Allison. She was happy to see Kinsey but after hearing his words, she began to suspect him.
	"Yes, Miss Field. I'll come here to see your husband. You are a smart person," said Kingsley. He reached out his hand and ran it through her hair.
	"If you have nothing to say to me, I'll leave now. I have a lot of things to deal with," said Allison. She was a little nervous and afraid that her trick would be discovered by Kingsley. But that was completely impossible because she thought she had practiced it for many times. She had done it without showing her cloven hoof.
	"Alright, Miss Field, you don't have to be too sad. My heart will be broken if you feel upset. I like brave and smart women like you," said Kingsley amorously.
	"Ha ha, you flatter me. I'm really very busy so I have to go now," said Allison. Although she thought he was praising her, she had a guilty conscience because she got a powerful vibe from him.
	Allison left in a hurry. Kingsley stood still and looked after Allison with his eyes narrowed. He thought to himself, "This woman is hard to deal with. She can do anything that can help her achieve her goals. But there must be some weak points. I should calm down."
	After leaving the funeral home, Kingsley called his sister.
	"Hello, Finnley," said Kingsley. Finnley became furious before he finished his words.
	"Kingsley, come back immediately. What do you mean to ask me to come back? The Carr Group is yours. Why don't you manage it yourself and let me take charge of it," yelled Finnley in a loud voice, which let he keep the phone away from himself.
	"Finnley, take it easy. I'll come back and help you soon. But I have something more urgent to deal with. Amy is in trouble. You can't do anything but I can help her," said Kingsley to his sister about what happened to Amy.
	After his words, she calmed down. She knew she was not as good as her brother in some aspects, such as the connections. She was just adept at fighting and running company.
	"Fine. But you have to tell me the situation in time. I will help you and you can go to help Amy!" said Finnley. She resumed her previous cold voice.
Chapter 358 Searching for the Evidence
	"My brother, why do you die in such an early age?" William was shocked when he saw Jacob's dead body.
	Although his brother always reproached him, he usually helped at last. Now he just lay here still and would never help him again.
	"Mother, how did my brother die?" cried William. He held Addy's hand and asked the reason for his brother's death.
	"You brother was poisoned by Amy because she was afraid that your brother would compete with him for the position of CEO. Therefore, they poisoned him," said Addy. She was in a low mood now. She had two sons. The younger one was selfish so she couldn't expect him to look after her. She used to wish to rely on the elder one but he died now. She thought she was so miserable because all the people she could rely on were murdered by Amy.
	"It's Amy again. Why does she treat us so ruthlessly? We have conceded so much to her. What else does she want?" said William angrily.
	"She wants to kill us all so the Carter family is hers. She can do anything she likes and your father's money will all belong to her," said Addy. She ascribed all the mistakes to Amy.
	"I'll go to talk to her. I don't believe there isn't justice in this world and she can do anything she likes," said William. As soon as he began to leave, he was prevented by Allison who just came in.
	"William, you just come back. Please calm down. I have arranged a house for you. I don't want you to be affected by your brother's death," said Allison. She pulled back William because she couldn't let him to create trouble for her.
	"Allison, the wedding is going to start but my brother is dead now. I'm so sorry for that so I want to free you from the bonds of injustice. Why did Amy do such harm to you without punishment?" said William. Then he insisted going to see Amy. But Allison held him tightly.
	"William, you should calm down. We should give this matter further thought. Amy is too cunning. If we don't plan it well, she will beat us back," said Allison to William.
	"That's right. William, follow Allison's advice. We have no one to rely on except her," said Addy. She didn't say that her younger son was a foolish one because she would rely on him in the future. But the truth was that he was really a fool.
	After hearing his mother's words, he gave up the idea of going to see Amy. He looked back at his brother lying in the coffin.
	"My brother, I'll take revenge on the murder. No matter what happens, I'll do it and let you die in peace," said William with determination. Only at this moment, he felt the ties of brotherhood.
	"William, take one more look at your brother. We decide to cremate him tomorrow. It's better to bury the deceased and bring peace to him early," said Allison to William.
	"Aright, I'll follow your order," said William. His brain was in a fuddle now and he didn't know what he was doing now.
	Allison was happy to control them. A faint sneer of satisfaction crossed her face. Although they were obedient, they were not very smart so couldn't do much good to her. Luckily, Philip would be released soon. At that time, she had very strong backing.
	After cremating Jacob, they buried him beside Halbert. Everyone here was sad about the death of Halbert and his son, including Richard.
	However, Amy was involved in this case, which would come to court in a month. Richard was busy finding the evidence to prove Amy was innocent.
	"Richard, ain't guilty to come here? It's your wife who killed my father, grandma and brother. She killed them all!" yelled William. When he saw Richard, his eyes were all red.
	"Do you have any evidence showing that Amy is guilty? You should be careful about your words," said Richard. He looked at the mad before him and though he must lose his mind now.
	"I should be careful about my words? You know what bad things you have done. You just want to own the property of the Carter family. But the truth is that my brother made a will from very early times. All of his money will be given to people who are related to him. You will get nothing from him," shouted William.
	"Do you think your brother has much money? Actually, his money can't pay for the loan shark. It's me that pay for his debts. His property means nothing to me," said Richard. He didn't want to quarrel with William any more.
	"Richard, I'll never let you and Amy live a happy life. You have killed so many people. You will pay for it one day!" said William. He made some threats before so many people.
	William cringed when he saw Richard's cold look. But he straightened up his neck when he thought of his brother's death.
	After the funeral, Addy was worn out. She lay on the bed and a nurse hired by Allison looked after her.
	William lived in the hotel rather than Addy's house because he wanted to find someone to prevent Amy from being released from the police office.
	Richard spared no efforts to find the evidence but failed. The video in Cathy's tea house was also evidence against Amy.
	When Jacob passed the cup to Amy, she pushed it back with the hand, on which the police found poison.
	What's more, Amy made tea for Jacob once. And that hand also carried poison.
	All the evidence proved her guilty. No one could help her now.
	"Are there any other solutions?" Richard asked Lucy.
	"No. I haven't thought any solutions yet. It is hard to explain the poison on her hand," said Lucy.
	She had tried her best to find the evidence but also failed.
	Mr. Newell also sent people to investigate this case but found nothing helpful.
	"I have told her that I'll always protect her. If there is no solution, I can confess to the police that I'm the murderer to alleviate her crime!" said Richard. The time was very limited. He could help her only in this way.
	"This is not a good method. Even if you confess to the police, her crime won't be alleviated. Instead, both of you will be put into jail."
Chapter 359 Amy Gets Convicted
	Lucy analyzed to Richard that it was not feasible for him to bear the blame for Amy. If he did it, the Carter family would lose head and others would take the chance to deal with them.
	"Then what should I do? I can't let her go to jail. She has been in jail for so long, but I can do nothing." Richard was going crazy. Amy suffered in jail, but he could only watch and could not do anything outside.
	"There is one thing we can do. We can find the best lawyer for Amy to try to mitigate her guilt. We only have more than half a month. It's too late. Besides, the other party must be cautious at this time. It will be difficult for us to find clues." Lucy said to Richard.
	"Then you mean we should not do anything else now. After Amy goes to jail and the other party lets her guard down, we can continue to investigate?" Richard calmed down a bit at this time.
	"Yes. This is the only way. If we continue to investigate now, we may alert her. It is the worst choice that we come to investigate now." Lucy looked at Richard. Her friend really loved Amy and was even willing to die for Amy.
	Lucy remembered that she had not seen Kingsley for a long time. She had been secretly in love with Kingsley for a long time, but Kingsley did not like her at all. Lucy thought of this and felt a little upset.
	"Well, I know what you mean. I will arrange it. You should also stop investigating. Don't be exposed." Richard completely calmed down now. He had to adjust his plan.
	Amy was in prison. The trial had not started. With Richard's background, no one embarrassed her. Although the environment was not very good, it was not dirty and she could be full.
	"Amy, tell me more details." The captain came to Amy. He wanted to know more about what happened.
	"OK." Amy then the repeated the entire incident again.
	"That's all. I have no idea why I had poison in my hand. My hand was touched by Allison, as you saw in the video." Amy said to the captain.
	"But Allison touched your hand after Jacob drank the water. That is to say, Jacob's water had been poisoned. Only you had touched Jacob's cup before. So, everything is against you. Mr. Carter is finding more evidence for you. But I guess it may be useless. That's really hard to do." After the captain listened, he really couldn't figure out what was going on.
	Not only the captain could not figure out what was going on, but even Richard couldn't think of when it was poisoned. From that video, it was indeed Amy who touched Jacob's cup.
	"Amy, we haven't found strong evidence. But I will try my best to think of another way. I am sorry that you will suffer." Richard felt as if a knife were piercing his heart while looking at Amy's haggard face.
	"It's okay. I don't have anything to do right now. They're polite to me here and don't embarrass me." Amy heard from the captain that Richard had been busy for her, and felt that was enough.
	Richard had advised her not to meet Allison, but she hadn't listened. That was why she ended up in such a situation.
	"Richard, it's all my fault. I shouldn't have refused to listen to you." Amy apologized to Richard.
	"Don't say that, honey. Someone has set a trap for you. You just got into it. In fact, it is my fault. I did not protect you. I was so careless." At that time, Richard had thought that since Allison dared to make an appointment in Cathy's teahouse, they were definitely not afraid of her. Unexpectedly, Allison dealt with Amy in Cathy's teahouse.
	"You go back first. I've thought about it. If the worst comes to the worst, this will be all for now. Let's continue to investigate when the other party lets her guard down." Amy comforted Richard. She knew well that Allison was cautious. In such a short time, it was impossible for them to find her flaw.
	Since Allison even dared to bet Jacob's life, she must have arranged everything.
	"That's the only way now. I will investigate it secretly, so that people will not find out. Maybe I cannot find any favorable evidence before the trial. So, honey, you may suffer in jail for the time being." Richard was upset and looked at Amy.
	"It is okay. I'm not afraid of any suffering, as long as you and our child are there." Amy reached out to wipe the tears on Richard's face. He did not hide his love for her at all.
	After Richard left, Amy thought about it for a long time. Although she knew that Allison had set her up, she really couldn't figure out how Allison did it.
	"I am getting more and more stupid. I have no idea how this happened." Amy said to herself mockingly.
	Time flied. Soon, half a month had passed. It was time for Amy's trial.
	The whole session went smoothly. Because the evidence was overwhelming, Amy was convicted of killing Jacob. But she turned herself in. So, she was given a lighter punishment and sentenced to life imprisonment.
	When Amy was finally taken away, Allison was relieved. Amy was sentenced to life imprisonment. She guessed Amy would never get out again. Then whose Richard was? Obviously, he would be hers. Richard was so young and vigorous. How would he wait for a woman for the rest of his life? If he wanted to marry a woman, she would be his best choice.
	Allison hid her complacency quickly. When she came out and was interviewed by reporters, she pretended to be kind and speak for Amy, saying that Amy must be possessed by ghosts. She even said that Halbert was also killed by Amy accidentally.
	She was not excusing Amy, but aggravating Amy's guilt.
	"Miss Field, you are so kind. Anyone who can marry you is really lucky." One female reporter complimented Allison in a loud voice.
	"Well, you flatter me. I'm not as good as you say. I just think people should make things matters of conscience. I won't do anything against my conscience." Allison said, as if she was a good man.
	"Miss Field, I heard that you have been going to marry the dead Jacob. I wonder if you guys have got your marriage certificate." A reporter asked an unexpected question suddenly.
Chapter 360 The Life in Prison
	Allison was answering those reporters' questions triumphantly, while a reporter asked an unexpected question, which was not authorized by her.
	Allison kept a smile on her face as she looked over at the reporter. It was a young man with no signs of age on his young face.
	"Of course we have got marriage certificate. May I know which newspaper you are from, sir?" Allison walked towards the young reporter.
	"I'm from the R City Times." The young man's back was straight. R City Times was a famous media. Allison remembered that she had never invited a reporter from R City Times.
	"Amazing! You can work in a famous media like R City Times at such a young age. You must get in by the back door, right? I've heard that only people over the age of 30 are likely to become employees of R City Times." Allison laughed, and the others also laughed.
	Many people were jealous. R City Times was a company with high salaries and strong background. Ordinary people could not work there.
	"Since you have got marriage certificate, then I should call you Mrs. Carter. Mrs. Carter, your husband died. Why do you look so happy instead of sad at this time?" the young reporter looked young, but the question he asked was sharp.
	"How can I not be sad? I've been sad for a long time. But today, I'm really happy, because someone got the punishment she deserved. Shouldn't I be happy?" Allison's good mood was ruined by this young reporter.
	"So Mrs. Carter, will you remarry? I heard that you have once married Philip. Now that Jacob is dead, how soon will you probably remarry?" Allison was sure that the reporter was ordered by someone now. Most people wouldn't ask such questions on such occasions.
	After the reporter asked this question, many reporters looked at Allison and wanted to hear her answer. The entertainment media were very concerned about the privacy of celebrities. It could attract people's attention.
	"No comment. Sorry, I have things to do. Excuse me." Allison had arranged a long press interview for herself. She had intended to blacken Amy's name. But this uninvited reporter ruined her plan.
	Allison got into her car, escorted by her bodyguard. Then, she ordered her men to find out who the reporter was.
	Allison had mixed feelings as she lay on the back seat. Even such a cipher challenged her. How dared he!
	Soon, her men found out. The reporter had strong background. He was the youngest son of the president of R City Times. That was why he came on such an occasion. He might just come to practice. R City Times was not interested in such news.
	"Then forget it. Let him off this time. The president of R City Times is powerful. I will not bother with him now." After Allison heard that, she didn't say anything else. Everything went smoothly today.
	When she got home, Allison met Hadrian and arranged some things for him. Then, she went back to her room to rest.
	Amy was escorted to the female prisoner's area of the prison. After changing into blue and white prison uniform, she was taken to a room.
	"This is your room. You will spend your life here. But your sentence can be reduced if you behave well. So, don't be too sad." The female officer said to Amy.
	There were three people with shaven heads in the room. They looked at Amy with curiosity.
	"This is your roommates. Get along well and reform yourself." With that, she went out.
	The three women stood up. Looking at Amy's face, one of them tittered.
	"You are so good-looking. Now, you are here. What a pity! Many men will feel distressed. Were you a mistress? I guess you were found out. So, you killed the man's wife, right?" A female prisoner walked to Amy and lifted Amy's chin up.
	"Libby, stop talking nonsense." An older woman stopped Libby.
	"Beautiful women usually end up like this. Since you are here, you should stop thinking how powerful you used to be. Get along with us at least. Then, we may protect you! Don't you think so?" Libby didn't listen to the older woman's warning.
	The other woman didn't say anything at all. She just looked at Amy and lay on her bed again.
	"Where do I sleep?" Amy ignored Libby. She asked directly where she could sleep. There were four beds. She was not sure which one she could use.
	"That one!" Libby pointed to a bed in the corner, where it was most humid. The quilt on the bed was a bit moldy.
	Amy then walked to that place in the corner. "Wait! I haven't finished my sentence yet!" seeing that Amy ignored her, Libby felt that she was despised. So, she was going to convince Amy.
	"We are not familiar. We are all prisoners, eat the same meal, and do the same work. We will be together for a long time. You can say what you want to say later. I am a little tired today and want to rest." After Amy finished, she went to her bed and lay down.
	Her words surprised the three people in the room. Libby did not expect that a newcomer could have such a powerful aura and even shock her.
	The one who did not speak opened her eyes for a moment, and then closed them again to rest.
	Another older one stopped Libby, "Let's rest. There are a lot of things to do tomorrow. If you have something to say, say it tomorrow."
	But Libby was stubborn. She strode to Amy, sat on the edge of Amy's bed, and reached out to grab her.
	"I've given you face. Although I'm new here, I'm not a man to be trifled with. Enough is enough." Amy also grabbed Libby's hand, because Libby was grabbing her neck.
	"I'm offending you. So what? Can you hit me?" Libby reached out the other hand, which angered Amy. She was trying to patch up the quarrel, but this Libby kept being overbearing.
	Amy grabbed Libby's hand and twisted it. A clear sound sounded.
Chapter 361 Work
	Amy grabbed Libby's hand and twisted it. People just heard a clear sound, and then heard Libby's scream, which attracted the prison officer.
	"What's wrong? What's wrong?" the prison officer asked at the door. The older woman immediately replied, "Nothing. She just saw a cockroach." The prison officer looked in uneasily and saw nothing. Three people were lying on the bed and one was sitting on the edge of the bed.
	"Come on. Is it scary to see a cockroach? Don't scream again and affect others!" The prison officer warned and left.
	Libby did not dare to make a sound just now. If the prison officer found out, they would all be punished. So, she kept silent and her face was pale.
	After the prison officer left, she told the other two that her hand was hurting badly. The older woman hurried to check it and then looked at Amy.
	"Behave yourself in the future and don't offend me anymore. It's okay. It's just misaligned. I'll twist it over when it hurts for a while and you become honest." Amy turned her face to the wall.
	"Do it for me now! It hurts so much! I promise not to put my hand on your body anymore." Libby's wrist seemed to be broken. Now, she stopped being pretentious and quickly flattered Amy.
	The other person who did not say anything kept silent all the time. She just quietly watched all this and felt that she should not be bored in this prison in the future.
	"Please help her. We are all going to sleep. If she keeps groaning like this, it will also affect you, right?" the older woman was trying to patch up the argument.
	Amy turned her face over at this time, "Promise that you will never bully me again. Can you do it?" Amy asked Libby.
	"I promise! I promise! I won't offend you anymore. From now on, you are my leader. I will listen to you." Libby nodded hurriedly.
	"Bite it!" Amy pushed the quilt into Libby's mouth, then pulled her hand, and twisted it again. A clear sound sounded. Libby made a whine.
	"What did you do to her?" the older woman questioned Amy while seeing Libby almost faint.
	"Well, take her away. Don't bully others anymore." Amy pulled her quilt out of Libby's mouth.
	Libby's tears rolled down her cheeks. She moved her wrist. It really didn't hurt.
	However, she did not appreciate Amy at all, but hated Amy more.
	This night, Amy slept soundly. No one bullied her. Although the quilt was wet and the bed was moldy, she still slept well.
	In the early morning, Amy was woken up by the bell. She rolled over and got up, just seeing that the other three people had changed their clothes and were standing at the door. So, she hurriedly stood at the end.
	The door was opened and the inmates went out in order to the assigned areas.
	Amy was new and did not know what she had to do. So, she followed the woman who did not talk much. The woman just looked at her and did not say anything, letting Amy follow her. Sometimes, she even deliberately stopped and waited for Amy.
	After getting up, they did exercises first, and then went to have breakfast. At breakfast, Amy was at a disadvantage. Those women had practiced and were fast. Besides, Amy did not know that time for meal was limited. The meal time was over before she finished eating.
	As soon as the time came, they must leave the dining hall at once and start working. There were several kinds of items, including pulling weeds, planting vegetables, and making handicrafts.
	Amy and her three roommates were all assigned to make handicrafts. Although they had to sit there for a long time, it was the best items. They did not need to work under the sun.
	"You stay with them. Since you are new here, see and learn how to do. They can make two hundred a day. Then, you should do one hundred and fifty. I think you can do as much as they do in three days." The officer put the items in front of Amy, and then asked the woman who did not talk much to be Amy's teacher and teach her how to make it.
	Libby and the older woman sat opposite them. Libby had taught a lesson last night. So, she was honest now. She just looked at Amy a few times, but didn't do anything.
	"Hey, what's your name? What should I call you?" Amy asked the silent woman.
	"Paige." The silent woman taught Amy how to make it and then demonstrated once. Then, she started her work after telling Amy to call her if she didn't understand.
	Amy also began to work. It seemed simple. But she had never done this kind of handicraft. So, she did it slowly and just made a few in all morning.
	"Paige, I'm clumsy. Look, I only made these." Amy looked at the few in front of her that she could count.
	"It's okay. Take your time. There's time anyway. Let's continue after lunch. I'll tell you the points." Paige did not dislike Amy, but taught her enthusiastically. In fact, Paige had only been here for a few days. But she had been industrious and made these things quickly.
	Under Paige's guidance, Amy made it more quickly.
	By lunchtime, she had made about 40 of them, while Paige had made more than 100.
	Libby opposite them had wanted to laugh at Amy. Amy's actions were often reversed. Libby was still holding a grudge for last night's unpleasantness.
	While looking at Paige helping Amy sincerely, she also hated Paige a little.
	"Viola, take care for me. I'm going to the bathroom." Libby said to the older woman, and then went to find the officers.
	At lunch, Amy became smart. She ate rice fast first, and then ate dishes. There were only few dishes and she finished it soon. Then, there was only rice. Amy did not care about it, as long as she could be full.
	After lunch, Amy and Paige went back to start working.
Chapter 362 Tricks in Prison
	"What are you two doing here instead of taking your lunch break?" a female prison officer came over and looked at Amy and Paige who were busy.
	"I make it slowly. So, I want to learn more." Amy said to the officer and showed her what she was holding.
	But instead of looking at what she was holding, the officer looked around with her sharp eyes. Finally, she found a pack of cigarettes from a drawer at Amy's workstation.
	"What's this?" the female prison officer looked at the cigarettes and asked Amy in a harsh voice. Cigarettes were something not allowed to be brought into the prison.
	"Cigarette." Amy did not know what this cigarette had to do with her. It was not hers.
	"Don't you know that cigarettes are not allowed to be brought? This is a punishable action. You even put the cigarettes under your workstation." The officer reached out and picked Amy up.
	"This cigarette is not mine. I don't smoke." Amy explained.
	"You will definitely say you don't smoke when you're caught. All the women here say they don't smoke. But they all do it secretly. Since you are caught, you will be punished. You go..." The officer was about to put Amy in confinement.
	"Wait! I just put it in the wrong place. That pack of cigarettes is mine. My family secretly gave it to me that day. It's all my fault. It has nothing to do with her." Paige came forward at this time and admitted that the cigarettes were hers.
	"It's yours? Then I will give you detention and punish you for not eating for two days. You should reflect on yourself." The officer did not expect Paige to come forward to take the blame for Amy. But there was no name on the cigarette. Since Paige said it was hers and admitted it, the officer let Amy off.
	As Paige followed the officer and walked away, she was still telling Amy a tip.
	"Hey, I..." Amy did not think it was Paige's cigarette. She didn't smell smoke when she was with Paige. Someone must have put the cigarette there to frame her. But when she tried to say something, Paige stopped her with her eyes and told her to stop talking.
	Paige was taken away. Amy was in a daze at the workstation alone. These people were really not simple. She offended someone on her first day. Now, that woman framed her. No! She could not be too passive. She must find out that person.
	Amy did not want to sleep now. She began to do handicrafts according to the tips Paige told her. She was very smart. After doing a few, she did it faster and faster. During the lunch break, she made over a hundred.
	When Libby came to the workstation with Viola and saw Amy working, she was a little surprised. Shouldn't this woman be put in confinement? Why was she here?
	But she found Paige was not here. If she guessed correctly, Paige should have taken the blame for Amy. This Amy was so lucky to have someone help her. Paige had only been here for a short time and was not very familiar with Libby and Viola.
	"You're lucky someone took blame for you. Let me see if she can protect you forever!" Libby thought to herself and looked at Amy, only to find that Amy was also looking at her. She immediately put on a smile.
	"Where's Paige? Did she go to the bathroom?" Libby asked Amy with a smile.
	"No, she was put in confinement." Amy saw a hint of panic in Libby's eyes. It must be Libby who did it. She tried to set her up. But she didn't expect Paige to help her.
	"Well, bad news. I do not know why. She has only been here for a short time. Maybe she does not know some of the rules here." Libby smiled dryly and then started to work.
	Although her hands were blistered, Amy finished the task on time and did one hundred and fifty!
	When the female officer came to see it, she was a little surprised. She had intended to set a hard task to see how Amy would react. But she didn't expect that Amy actually finished. Others generally needed to practice for three days to reach this speed. Today was just the first day of Amy!
	"Good job. You actually finished one hundred and fifty today. Keep it up tomorrow. You have to do as much as they do the day after tomorrow." The female prison officer praised Amy. She heard that Amy seemed to have cigarettes and was found by another officer, and that Paige took the blame for her finally.
	She knew well what was going on. But she decided not to interfere. If people could not protect themselves here, they could not survive for so long.
	"Yes, I'll get familiar with it as soon as possible. I will definitely not be a drag on our group." Amy stood up and spoke to the female prison officer.
	"Good. Then that's it for today. Guys, you can go take a break. It's almost time for dinner." The female officer looked at everyone with an expressionless look, turned around, and left.
	Amy watched the officer go and then looked back at Libby. Libby felt that Amy was looking at her in a strange way. Could it be that Amy find out so quickly?
	Dinner was better than lunch. There was meat. Although it was fat, for the prisoners, it was still delicious. Everyone was given two pieces of meat. Amy hid the meat at the bottom of the bowl. After she almost ate all the rice, she hid the meat and a small rice roll in her pocket.
	She did it carefully and avoided Libby's gaze. After dinner, she went to the hall with others, watching TV and being educated. After watching TV and everyone was about to sleep, she wanted to deliver some food to Paige, who took the blame for her. But Amy forgot that she was in prison. How could she get close to the confinement room? There were eyes and ears all around. She waited for a long time, but did not have any chance.
	"You do not have to wait. There is no chance. There are always people guarding the confinement room." Viola walked to Amy, said some words, and then left, as if nothing had happened.
	Hearing Viola's words and looking at Viola's figure, Amy pinched the rice roll. She had no choice but to eat it herself. The prison was not like other places and was not as casual as she thought.
	Libby was lying on bed. She thought about that what she had done today did not frame Amy. This Paige was really interesting and even protected Amy at the critical moment. What was her relationship with Amy?
Chapter 363 Show Power 1
	Libby was lost in thought. Just as she returned to her senses, she found a face in front of her and two hands on her neck.
	"You..." Before Libby could finish her words, that woman pressed her neck tightly. Libby could hardly breathe.
	"I'm telling you, stop playing tricks, or I will make you miserable. We are all sentenced to life imprisonment. You do not want to leave this world early, right?" Amy lowered her voice and said to Libby.
	"No, no, I don't want to." Libby said quickly as Amy loosened her grip. But looking at her eyes, Amy knew she was trying to play a dirty trick again.
	"Remember that I, Amy, am not kidding you. I am here because I killed someone. If you do not care, I also do not mind killing one more. I will give you a lesson every night until you can behave yourself." With that, Amy pinched Libby's acupoint, making her body tingle.
	"I won't do it anymore! I don't dare! Please let me go, let me go." Libby had intended to shout for help from the officers just now as soon as Amy let go. But now, even the officers came, they couldn't see her pain. She had to let Amy treat her.
	"Did you put the cigarettes there today?" Amy asked Libby.
	"No." Libby immediately denied it.
	Amy then ignored her and went to her bed to sleep.
	But Libby kept feeling tingling and painful.
	"Come here. It's me. I put it there." Libby saw Amy go away and asked Amy to come back.
	"Well, I know." Amy answered and was still lying on her bed.
	"As long as you cure me, I'll confess to the officers that I did it." Libby was so painful that she admitted everything. Viola remained silent at this time.
	"I'll go get the prison officers. You confess, and I'll cure you." Amy stood up. Libby had intended not to admit it after Amy cured her. But Amy was even more cunning than her and would only cure her after she admitted it. Libby had no choice but to agree.
	Amy called the prison officers in. Libby told them what she had done today. She said that Paige was wrongly accused and she did all the things.
	Then Libby was put in confinement and Paige was released. When Libby was taken away, she winked at Amy and asked her to cure her.
	"You will be fine soon. It will only last for twenty minutes." Amy said to Libby. Libby was angry. Her body was not so tingled now. If she held on a little longer, she would recover and would not be confined. This Amy was too vicious.
	When Paige came back, it was late. She certainly knew that Amy saved her. But she did not thank Amy and directly came to her bed to sleep.
	The three of them slept in the room and were silent. They were all thinking about things. What an interesting day it was today! They did not know how many similar things would happen again in the future!
	"The officer who punished you yesterday is called Ms. Hood, and the one who praised you later is Ms. Kim." While having breakfast, Viola introduced Amy to the two female prison officers who were in charge of them.
	"Got it." Amy nodded as she ate her bun. She was smarter today and ate quickly.
	Although they were talking, Amy still ate quickly. The two officers were really interesting. But she was not sure what was going on. Anyway, she had to be on guard against these people. Richard said there would be someone to help her. But there would also be someone who would harm her. Sophia was an example.
	After breakfast, they did the same things as they did yesterday. The life in prison was so simple and regular.
	Paige watched Amy getting faster and faster. In only one day, she could do it so skillfully. Paige had heard that Amy was a lady from a rich family. However, Amy was not as squeamish as she had imagined, but was very awesome!
	"Paige, I'm not very proficient in this step. Can you tell me how to get this fold faster?" finding that Paige was looking at her, Amy asked modestly.
	Paige looked at Amy's movements and also found this problem. She stopped what she was doing and went to help Amy check it. After checking it, she found that Amy's left hand was a little more flexible. So, her left hand moved faster than her right hand did, which caused this problem.
	"When you fold this, slow down with your left hand and fast with your right hand. Nothing else is wrong." Paige said to Amy.
	Hearing Paige's advice, Amy slowed down with her left hand and really solved that problem.
	By noon, Amy had done ninety. She did it almost as fast as the veterans.
	At lunch, Amy shared some of her dishes with Paige.
	"What are you doing? I can't finish it. I'm on a diet." Paige glared at Amy and tried to return the dishes.
	"I'm on a diet too. Paige, eat it. You haven't eaten since yesterday. You have to be full, so that you will have the strength to lose weight, right?" Amy took the bowl aside and finished her lunch quickly. These two days, she felt that she didn't chew the food at all, but ate it eagerly and with great speed.
	Paige looked at Amy again and still did not say anything. Many things didn't need to be expressed in words. It was okay as long as she knew it well inside.
	Amy felt that the management here was humanized. There was a lunch break at noon. The daily working time was eight hours. The time to get up and go to bed was fixed. Amy just felt that she was resting here.
	But a lot of things were not as simple as they seemed. She had just been here and had not experienced a lot.
	During the two days Libby was confined, Amy lived a peace and regular life. No one bullied others. The world seemed to be very simple.
	Prisoners got a bath once a week. The bathhouse was not one room for each person, but for all women. It was a large public bathhouse and was stuffy inside.
	The female inmates took their clothes, carried the basin into the bathhouse, and went to take a shower. Amy followed her roommates, Paige and Viola, and also went to take a shower. The bathhouse was foggy. Soon, people could not see clearly the others opposite them.
	Amy looked for an empty faucet. Just as she was about to turn on the tap, a hand pressed the switch of the faucet.
Chapter 364 Show Power 2
	Amy was about to turn on the tap when a hand reached out from behind her and pressed the switch of the faucet.
	Amy turned around and saw that it was a tall woman. The woman was thin and weak, but looked mean.
	"I find this faucet first. It is mine. You go find another one." The woman said to Amy.
	"Why? I came here first. How can you say it is yours?" Amy refused to let go.
	"If I say it's mine, then it's mine. Any objection?" the thin woman reached out and tried to grab Amy. But Amy dodged her.
	But the woman seemed to be unstable and swayed in front of Amy. Amy was eagle-eyed and held her. After thinking about it, Amy decided to give in. If this woman fell later, she might frame her.
	"Alright, it is yours. I'll go find another one." Amy took her things and was about to leave, but the woman pulled her.
	"Scrub my back for me!" the thin woman ordered Amy, which made Amy disgusted. She had given in to this woman. But this woman was still so insatiable. Amy was really driven beyond forbearance.
	"Sorry. I don't have the strength. I'll go somewhere else. You can ask others for help." Amy pushed the woman away and left. Their argument was seen by other women, but no one came to help her.
	Amy found that there was no more place in the bathhouse. Paige was waving at her, and Amy walked towards Paige.
	The two share a faucet. The time for bath was short. So, everyone bathed quickly and just cleaned the hair up, and then took a hasty shower. Before Amy could dress after finishing bathing, the thin woman came to her again.
	"That's her. She pushed me. A bitch! She is so arrogant, just because she is pretty. Guys, teach her a lesson!" the thin woman ordered, and several women with her rushed to hit Amy.
	The officers had been distracted by them. Amy was forced into a corner. She was still naked and was at a disadvantage against these women.
	"Catch it!" suddenly, someone threw Amy's clothes over. Amy caught it as soon as she looked up. She slipped into her clothes while she was dealing with those people.
	"What are you guys doing? Hit her! It's on me if you kill her!" the thin woman roared at those women. Several women hit one woman, but the one could still put on her clothes. What a shame!
	Hearing the thin woman's roar, those women knew that their master was angry. So, they hit Amy even more desperately.
	Although Amy was skillful, there were too many women. They were also skillful. Besides, they were quite strong. Amy got injured, but these women were still hitting her relentlessly.
	When Paige couldn't bear to watch it and wanted to help Amy, Viola pulled her back and shook her head.
	Paige realized that she almost made a big mistake on impulse.
	She could only watch Amy being knocked down and kicked by these women and rolling several times on the watery floor.
	At this time, the officer heard the commotion and came. She saw someone fighting. But when she approached, nothing seemed to have happened. Amy was helped up by the women.
	"What's wrong? What happened?" Ms. Hood asked the women.
	"She fell down in the shower. So, we help her up." these women even helped Amy clean her hair and clothes.
	Ms. Hood looked at them and didn't say anything. She just warned everyone to be careful in places with water, and then left.
	Amy was surrounded by those people. They punched her in the stomach, threw her on the ground, and left with the thin woman.
	After those people left, Paige and Viola helped Amy up. Looking at Amy covered with injuries, Paige was so angry that she clenched her fists hard.
	"Calm down. let's help her back first." Viola said to Paige. Then, they helped Amy back to the room.
	They entered the room and locked the door.
	They helped Amy to the bed and let her lie down. Paige took a bottle of medicine out and started to apply it to Amy. Although Amy was injured, she was clear. When the medicine was poured on the wound, she let out a cry of pain.
	"It hurts, right? We did not help you. Will you blame us? You must hate us for not helping you." Paige was usually silent, but was talking a lot at this time.
	"No, I do not want you to help me. If you come to help me, they will hit you together. Then who will help me back at this time and apply the medicine to me? If you are hit badly, I may have to take care of you. Come on." Although Amy was beaten like that, she was still joking with them.
	Paige's nose twitched and she wanted to cry. This young girl was so kind. They didn't help her. Not only was she not angry, she even thought it was a wise choice.
	After applying to Amy the medicine, Paige magically took out a chocolate candy from her bag. Although it was melting, Amy felt sweet when Paige fed it to her.
	"Is it sweet?" Paige asked Amy.
	"Yes! It is so delicious and sweet." Amy had a lot of injuries on her body and would feel painful even if she just moved a little or rolled over. But her face was not injured. Those people hit her skillfully. They did not hit her face, or it would be found by the prison officers.
	Paige's medicine was very effective. Although Amy was painful the first night, she felt better the next morning.
	"Here is a piece of chocolate. Eat it, or it will melt soon. I don't like it. My family delivered it to me, afraid I would be hungry." As soon as Amy woke up in the morning, Paige found another piece of chocolate and gave it to her.
	Amy ate that chocolate. She liked chocolate very much. Besides, this chocolate was sweet. After eating it, she felt that the wound didn't hurt so much.
	At breakfast, Amy saw the thin woman again. That woman was far away from her. So, Amy didn't notice her before. After yesterday's incident, Amy noticed her. Amy looked at the woman, while the woman was also looking at her. When their eyes met, their eyes were all full of fire!
Chapter 365 Watch the Show
	Their eyes were all full of fire. The thin woman grinned at Amy. Because she often smoked, her teeth were black and yellow, which made Amy disgusted.
	Amy also smiled at her, revealing her white and neat teeth. It was nothing to be beaten. As the saying goes, a fall into the pit, a gain in your wit. She believed she would never fall for it again.
	The woman did not expect Amy, who was beaten yesterday, to smile at her. This Amy was really interesting. She was beaten so badly. How could she smile at her?
	The thin woman stopped grinning when she saw Amy smiling.
	"She's called Anita. She is completely different now from when she first got here. At that time, she was tall and fat. She seems to have been taking drugs. I do not know how she's got the drugs. Anyway, she's like this now." Viola said to Amy.
	Viola had been here for a long time. So, she knew many of the people here.
	The women in prison, especially those sentenced to life imprisonment, would likely spend their lives here. It was a hard time. People always had a variety of ways to spend their time. Some people would spend their time on work, and some would spend most of their time in a daze. There were also some people taking drugs. It was unknown how these people got their drugs.
	Other ways were allowed, while taking drugs was certainly not allowed here. Once someone was found to take drugs, he would be sent to the drug rehab, where they could not touch a little bit of drugs. This would scare these addicts. They had been drug addicts, and would die in prison early.
	"I also think she must be on drugs. Otherwise, she would not be so thin and scary. But it is obvious that she is on drugs. Why the prison officers do not arrest her?" Amy was confused.
	"These people hide very well. It is not so easy to find their drugs. That is their life. If life is gone, they will not want to live. Before, a woman directly chose to kill herself when her drugs were found!" after Viola finished her words, she left. Amy didn't know what she meant. She said so much to her. Was she trying to help her get something on the thin woman?
	But she had to be careful. Amy did not believe all of Viola's words. She intended to see what was going on with her own eyes.
	Libby was released. She was locked up for five days. Because what she did was terrible. She planted what she did on others. After being released this time, she kept her nose clean. She always kept her head drooped all the time nd did not talk with the other three people in the room at all.
	When working, she kept busy and did not talk to the people around her. She did it faster than all the people.
	When having lunch, Libby also ate alone and directly left after finishing it. When it was time for lunch break, she would go back and greet Viola.
	Seeing that Libby did not offend her, Amy also did not anger her. Lying on the bed, Amy was thinking about Viola's words today. If the thin woman was a drug addict, then she could pay attention to the source of drugs.
	That woman must be on drugs. If she hadn't been on drugs for years, she wouldn't have been like this.
	But Amy just got here and didn't know how to find out. There would be ample time. So, she could find out slowly.
	Not long after Amy came here, it was the New Year's Day. Some people would visit them in prison on that day, encouraging them to reform well.
	"We can watch a show tonight. That is great! I haven't even seen a man for a long time. Today, we will watch the show with men prisoners. It's so exciting! I'm going to get dressed up." While working in the afternoon, there were women prisoners who were agitated. They would spend the rest of their lives here and could not see men.
	"Me too! Although it is useless, we can please ourselves." Someone else instantly echoed.
	It was early to knock off today. Many women prisoners dressed themselves beautifully. Although they were all wearing blue and white prison clothes, some women kept their chests out. Whether men looked at them or not, they could be pleased inside.
	After dinner, the prisoners took their small benches with them. Led by the prison officers, they sat orderly in the open-air dam, took a good place, and waited for the stars to perform.
	When the women prisoners came out, some men prisoners whistled. They all looked at these women with greedy eyes. During the period of imprisonment, women prisoners couldn't see men, while the men prisoners couldn't see women either. So, when it came to the appearance of the women prisoners, they felt satisfied. Although these men could not see their faces clearly, at this time, the face did not matter. What mattered was the gender.
	The women prisoners sat down one after another. Some women who had a positive self-image stretched out their necks and felt the hot gaze.
	Amy, however, walked at the end with Paige, Viola and Libby and sat in the designated position under the arrangement of the prison officers.
	Ms. Kim looked around and made an adjustment to the seat. She asked Amy to sit in the first row, saying that people who were good-looking should sit in front, so that the stars could see that not all prisoners were fierce and evil.
	Sitting down for a while, the host came. To prevent the prisoners from causing chaos, there were many armed police around them to maintain order.
	The host finished his speech. He had just said that they should reform well, and that they were not forgotten and even the stars were still thinking about them.
	These were not what the prisoners wanted to hear. After all, the host was too fat and unattractive.
	The host stepped down. Then, a popular male singer came up. He was handsome and tall, but was a little timid. From beginning to end, he stood at the depth of the stage singing songs and dare not go forward.
	There were some handsome men and beautiful women performing. The inmates below enjoyed watching the show with great interest.
	Every year, they only had one or two chances to watch the show. So, they all cherished it. When they were outside, they thought it was nothing. But only when they went in jail did they realize what they had missed.
	"Everyone is enormously enthusiastic today. We have a big show later. So, guys, cheer up! The big show is coming!" the host would go on stage from time to time to warm the show up, so that the stars could take a break.
	As they were watching the show, the whole place suddenly went dark, startling the prisoners.
Chapter 366 Richard's Care
	When the prisoners were watching the show the lights were turned off. The prisoners were startled, but soon a beam of light cast on the host.
	"Today, we have a very important guest to come here, and he brought us many gifts. Let's greet Richard Carter with warm applause, president of HD Group!" Amy was shocked when the host said so. Was he coming to see her?
	As soon as the prisoners heard that there were gifts, they applauded excitedly. They had not received gifts for a long time. In their mind, a president who brought them gifts was a good president.
	Richard was wearing a black suit with a pink shirt, looking garish.
	The women prisoners were excited to such a handsome man. He was more charming than those young stars. How lucky it was to get his favor.
	"Nice to meet you. I'm Richard Carter, President of the HD Group. I organized the show today because I want everyone to have a good start in the new year. It doesn't mean you've come to a dead end being put in jail. As long as you're willing to reform and work hard, you'll have a chance to get a commutation of sentence and regain freedom sooner. Your aging parents and your loved ones are waiting for you." Richard's words resonated with the prisoners. And they felt sad at the thought that they had families waiting for them.
	"Winter has arrived. I would like to give everyone sets of winter clothes, so that you can have a warm winter. Remember that your families are waiting for you!" Richard had prepared sets of warm clothes for the prisoners, as he knew that Amy was afraid of cold. If he didn't find a strong evidence to prove Amy innocent, she would have to spend the winter in prison.
	The prisoners broke into rapturous applause at Richard's remarks. It was really cold in the prison in winter.
	The host then asked the armed police to maintain order and gave the prisoners winter clothes on the spot.
	There were furry hats, padded coats, cotton-padded trousers and boots.
	Then two other men came up. One was Andy, the other Kingsley. The crowd was stirred when they stood on the stage.
	The women prisoners were crazy for them, and they peeped at the charming men several times when taking the clothes.
	Richard smiled, Andy looked cold, and Kingsley was kind to the women prisoners, and he made some witty remarks with them.
	When it was Amy's turn to take the clothes, her hands were shaking. She took the hat and shoes from Andy and saw Andy's eyes were full of concern.
	As she walked to Kingsley to take the cotton socks and pants, Kingsley told her not to worry too much. They would take care of the things.
	When Amy came to Richard, she tried to hold back her excitement. Her hands couldn't help shaking when she took the black padded coat from him. He gave her a super thick down jacket. It was specially made for her as he knew she was afraid of cold.
	"Rest assured. I'll try to get you out," Richard whispered to her as she took the clothes.
	"Yes, I see." Amy felt the care of her family and friends, and her heart was warm.
	After handing out the items, the men left. Many women prisoners were not impressed by any of famous stars, but were interested in the three men who gave them clothes.
	For the next few days, the women were gossiping about the three men.
	"Who are the two other men? They look so handsome," someone asked.
	"One of them is President Baker of SR Company, and the other is Kingsley of Dragon's Group. I've seen them in the magazines. They were brilliant, so I remember them," one of the younger women explained.
	"Wow, they must be rich! If only they could take a liking to me, I would rather die right now."
	"Don't let your imagination run wild. You're going to spend the life here! How can they have a crush on us?" Someone is imagining while others were breaking those fancy dreams.
	Amy sat beside them silently in the thick down jacket. She did not pay attention to what the people were saying.
	"Hey, what are you doing?" Amy came to her senses when someone was calling her.
	"Me? I just zoned out." Amy looked at the woman in front of her. She was fat and had short hair. If Amy didn't look carefully, she might have thought it was a man.
	"Zone out? Shall we have fun together?" That woman didn't look young, but she seemed to be mentally retarded.
	"To have fun? Who are you?" Amy looked at the woman, who was at least in her thirties, but was talking like a child.
	"I'm Sarah. My mother said I will live here all my life. There is food, drink here, and no one will scold me fat." Sarah sat by Amy as the latter was willing to talk to her.
	"Is that what your mother told you? Then how did you get in?" What Sarah said aroused Amy's curiosity. How could a mother say that to her daughter? This is a place no one would want to come in.
	"I do not know. My mother told me to admit whatever the judge said. I did, so I got to this place where no one will cold-shoulder me. I've got all the necessities here except for the Internet. And what excites me the most is that I managed to lose weight!" Sarah shook herself as she said.
	Sarah was about 170 pounds, but she still felt that she had lost weight.
	"When I'm as slender as you are, I'll get married." When it came to getting married, Sarah was very shy.
	Amy did not know what to say. Sarah should be a scapegoat for a favored child. She was not favored at home, so she was abandoned by her mother.
	"Sarah, is your mother kind to you?" Amy thought for a moment and decided to meddle in it.
	"My mother is dead, and my stepmother was kind to me. She bought me whatever I liked to eat, even if I didn't want to eat then. She said I would be beautiful if I ate more. But I got so fat that even the school didn't want me, so I have never gone to school!" said Sarah sadly.
Chapter 367 Life Is Wonderful
	Amy became silent hearing what Sarah said. She was lost in thought and Sarah was watching her quietly.
	"Well, what should I call you?" Sarah carefully asked.
	"Call me Amy. Sarah, who else are there in your family?" Amy asked.
	"I have a younger sister and a younger brother, both of whom were born to my stepmother. They were all very nice and give me everything to eat." When Sarah talked about her family, she was very happy.
	"What did the judge ask you and what did you admit?" Amy felt Sarah was pitiful. She was taken advantage of, but she was still grateful to her family.
	"The judge asked me whether I killed that person. I said yes. He asked me how I killed him. I said I used the quilt to suffocate him to death. My mother told me to say so." Although Sarah's eyes were not very big, they were bright and pure.
	"Well, don't talk too much with an idiot, or you'll get stupid," said a passer-by to Amy dismissively.
	"I'm not an idiot. I'm not an idiot!"
	Sarah knew that woman was talking about her, so she quickly denied it.
	"If you are not an idiot, who is an idiot? You're a scapegoat! Why don't you take the crime for me?" the woman said and walked away, but Sarah chased up. She caught the woman and shouted, "I am not a scapegoat. I am not an idiot!"
	"Let go of me! You fool. You're an idiot!" The woman was angry, and pushed Sarah to the ground.
	Sarah cried. She cried sadly because since she was sent to prison. Neither her mother nor her family had come to see her. Did they no longer love her?
	"Get up and stop crying. We're ready to rest." Amy pulled Sarah up. The prison officers blew the whistle.
	The women prisoners all went back to their rooms as soon as they heard the whistle.
	Sarah also got back to her own room. Amy was pulled back by Paige. Paige told Amy that everyone knew Sarah's affairs. Sarah was sentenced to life. Everyone knew she was a scapegoat, so Paige asked Amy not to meddle in it.
	"Well, there are too many unfair things in the world. It doesn't matter," Paige sighed.
	Amy nodded. Anything could happen in the world. So, sometimes, Amy thought she was not the unluckiest one.
	The next day was Saturday. Amy was woken up by a prison officer early in the morning, saying that someone had come to see her.
	When Amy went inside the visitation area, she saw Eliana wiping her tears. When she saw Amy coming out, she quickly picked up the phone.
	"Amy, Amy, sorry to let you suffer. It's our fault that we did not protect you!" Eliana kept crying. She had long wanted to visit Amy, but her husband and Richard refused to let her come to the prison, fearing that she would be too sad.
	"Mother, it's not your fault. I did not listen to Richard so I ended up like this. I did not think Allison would be so cruel." Amy was also very regretful for being too conceited. Her arrogance had made herself suffer twice.
	"Your mother-in-law wanted to come visit you too, but I stopped her. She has heart disease, and I was afraid she couldn't stand watching you like this. Her health is getting worse and worse," Eliana sighed. Even if you are kind, there will always be someone wanting to hurt you.
	"Mom, don't let my mother-in-law visit me. She will be very sad. Sorry to let you worry about me." Amy was heartbroken when she heard that her mother-in-law had a heart attack.
	Eliana observed her daughter keenly, as if she could not see her enough. She wondered why her daughter's life was so hard. She wanted to go to prison for her daughter.
	They had talked for a while until the time was up. Eliana had to leave, and Amy went back to her room. She didn't need to work on weekends and she could go for a walk, but Amy wasn't in the mood.
	"Why? Did you feel bad when you saw your family?" Viola came back and saw Amy lying on the bed.
	"Well, kind of. Viola, is your family in R City?" Amy asked casually.
	"I have no family. My man killed all my families, so I killed him." Viola was very calm when she said this. She had been in prison for many years, so she had seen lots of prisoners depressed like Amy.
	"I'm sorry." Amy did not expect she would mention Viola's sore spot.
	"It's fine. At first I felt unfair. He killed all my families, but I only killed him. Why should I go to prison? But then I decided to let it go. Life is very short. I shouldn't waste time thinking so much." Viola lay beside Amy. She was at most forty years old, but she looked haggard.
	"Viola, don't you want to go out?" Amy barely spoke to Viola.
	"Of course I do? I'll have more freedom outside. But by the time I get out, I will be too old to support myself. So I would rather stay here!" Viola laughed, but then she cried again.
	Amy wiped the tears for her. Every woman here had a story, and no one had lived happily. If they had been happy, they wouldn't have ended up here.
	"Amy, let's go out for a walk. It's getting blue to be here all the time. What a precious weekend. Let's go enjoy the sunbath." Viola got up. She took Amy and went out for a walk.
	"Well, you'll feel better when you enjoy the sunshine. Come on Viola, let's go find Paige." Amy let Viola hold her hand, and they went out of the prison.
Chapter 368 To Fight Back
	Today's weather was pleasant. Although it was winter, the sky was blue. It was cold outside, but it did not affect their mood. They could leisurely enjoy the sunshine and have a chat.
	Viola took a deep breath of fresh air. She felt that the air smelled sweet.
	"Oh, that's great. It feels so good to be out in the open, Amy. I think you belong to the happy world, not the dark prison," Viola said sincerely.
	"What kind of place should she belong? A woman like her should belong here. She is a home wrecker who killed her husband's brother. How can she have the cheeks to live?" A bleak voice came from behind.
	The thin woman, Anita appeared again.
	"You're wrong. Home wrecker is someone who breaks someone else's marriage. And we don't know each other, and I don't feel like I'm famous enough to be known by someone who spent so many years in prison." Amy turned around and looked at Anita, paying special attention to her hands.
	"I bet you don't know how notorious you are. A bitch like you can be well-known either!" Anita looked at Amy with disdain.
	"You're envious of home wreckers, right? But are you as beautiful and wise as the home wreckers?" Amy also said to Anita contemptuously. Anita flared up.
	"Amy, don't you think you're powerful even though you're rich. We're in the prison, and I'm not afraid of anything!" Anita pushed Amy. She thought that Amy would do the same thing as before, so that she could pretend to fall. When the prison officer saw that Amy had hit her, Amy would be shut in.
	But when she pushed Amy, the latter just fell to the ground and fainted.
	Anita was frightened. Things did not happen as she thought. Before she figured out what to do, Viola shouted for help, and the prison officer Ms. Kim came over.
	When Ms. Kim arrived, Amy fell to the ground, and Anita was standing beside with a strange expression on her face. Viola immediately told Ms. Kim that Anita hit Amy.
	"Anita, I have told you many times not to bully others, but you don't listen to me. You hit someone again today! You'll be shut in the guardhouse for three days!" Ms. Kim already knew what had happened and she was very strict with Anita.
	"No, I didn't hit her. She fell herself! I didn't touch her!" Anita was panicked. She would rather die than be shut in for three days! If she couldn't take drug, she would be very uncomfortable.
	"Not you? So it's me. Ms. Kim, you can check the surveillance camera. She pushed Amy on the ground. Look, these are the bruises." Viola showed Ms. Kim Amy's injuries.
	Amy had a lot of scars on her, which were left in the fight in the bathhouse last time. Although Amy didn't feel painful, there were still some traces all over her.
	"This is terrible. Come with me at once!" Ms. Kim dragged Anita away.
	When Anita left, she shot a hard look at Amy, who opened her eyes, got up and dusted herself down.
	"Did Ms. Kim find anything just now?" Amy asked.
	"No, she directly dragged Anita away. That's great. If Anita is shut up for three days, she might be dying, because in the guardroom, she can't take the drug." Viola led Amy to a remote place, where Paige was lying in the sun.
	"You were so clever. I've watched you, but it seemed that you didn't need me, so I did not show up. It's better than fight, at least you won't hurt yourselves." Paige sat up when she heard the footsteps.
	Looking at the triumphant expression on Amy and Viola's face, she smiled with comfort. Anything could happen here, so everyone should be vigilant.
	But they were so happy that they had won this time. During the meal, several women came over and snatched Amy's meat.
	When Amy was just taking the rice, a woman suddenly came to her and picked up her meat. It was a rare time to have meat to eat, but that woman took it away. Amy quickly snatched the meat from the woman's bowl and put it into her mouth.
	When the woman saw that she was not successful, she wanted to knock Amy's rice off, so she patted Amy's hand serving the rice, but Amy flexibly avoided it. Instead, Amy grabbed the meat from the woman's bowl and stuffed it into Viola's mouth.
	"Shit, what's wrong with you!" The woman was so angry that she hit Amy with her bowl.
	Amy took the bowl and poured the rice into her own bowl. Someone should give her the rice! Amy was so happy that she could stuff herself today.
	Then Amy ate the meal quickly. The woman attacked Amy again and again, but she did not hit Amy. Instead, Amy finished the meal as fast as possible.
	During the meal, the prison officers would patrol back and forth from time to time, so Anita's followers did not dare to besiege Amy. They sent a woman to attack Amy, but the woman failed.
	Not only did she have no food to eat, but she also gave Amy a full meal.
	"Thank you, I'm very full today. Would you bring me something to eat this afternoon when reading? I can accept anything." After finishing the meal, Amy leaned in the woman's ear and belched loudly.
	When Amy left with Viola and Paige, Libby quickly gathered a few women. They seemed to be planning something.
Chapter 369 Hannah is Back
	"Check the video of that day to see if there were any clues. I think it must have been planned since they dared to do it in my mom's teahouse. The teacup is from my mom's teahouse, so there should be no problem with it," Richard said to Lucy.
	From the time that Amy and the others entered the private room, to the end of their leaving, Lucy had checked the video carefully. But she didn't see anything strange.
	According to the police, only Jacob's teacup was poisoned, and all the other teacups were fine, including the teapot. And only Jacob and Amy had touched the cup, so only Amy would poison him, as Jacob wouldn't possibly poison himself. What was more, the forensic doctor had checked that Jacob was poisoned when drinking the water.
	"Richard, I have checked it many times, and replayed it in slow motion, but I didn't find anything flawed." Lucy shrugged.
	They were discussing the video in their office when someone stumbled in.
	"Richard, what's going on with Amy? Why did she go to prison?" Hannah walked in front, followed by Kevin.
	"Slow down, slow down!" Kevin looked at Hannah anxiously.
	Hannah had been abroad for rest. Her baby was just in normal position when she heard that Amy had been sent to prison, so she hurried back. The moment she got off the plane, she headed straight to Richard's office.
	"Don't worry, Hannah. Take a seat. Kevin, could you get a glass of water for Hannah?" Richard said to Kevin. Richard knew that it was hard for Hannah to perceive, and Kevin and Hannah had been abroad for three months to take care of the unborn baby.
	Richard didn't tell them about Amy, for fear that they would be worried about her. But now they got the news and insisted on coming back.
	"What happened? Amy couldn't have killed anyone. How could someone as nice as she kill someone?" Hannah cried as she sat down.
	"It's okay, we'll figure it out. It's just that we don't have any evidence to prove Amy innocent. The videos and the evidence are against Amy." Richard comforted Hannah. He hadn't shaved for days and the beards grew on the chin.
	"Kevin, check the video to see what is wrong." Hannah knew she was careless and couldn't see any clues, so she had to let Kevin do it.
	"Ok, baby. Don't worry. I will help. Can you go back first? Mom is waiting for us." Kevin also cared about his first child.
	"Well, I'll go back in a minute. You just stay here and help them. I'll ask the driver to take me back." Hannah also knew that she had a big responsibility, as it was not easy for her to have the baby.
	"Let me send you back, then I'll come back again, all right?" Kevin begged.
	"Well, it's OK. Let Kevin take you back first. Have a good rest and don't think too much. We'll handle it." Richard was touched by Hannah's care for Amy. She was pregnant, but she still came to help.
	Kevin felt relieved when he had sent Hannah back home. Back in Richard's office, he checked the video carefully. On the face of it, there was really nothing strange.
	Kevin frowned. He had been a scout for so many years, and finding clues was what he was best at.
	"By the way, I'd like Fabian to take a look at it. He also graduated from faculty of reconnaissance. He and I can work on it together." Fabian was an assistant to president of the Newell Group.
	"Okay, I'll call Mr. Newell and borrow this guy." As soon as Richard heard it, he made a quick phone call to Dalton Newell.
	Soon Fabian arrived at the HD Group and Mr. Newell said they could have Fabian to get Amy out.
	Fabian and Kevin, plus Lucy, studied the video carefully. They went to the teahouse to examine the poisoned cup.
	There were traces of residual poison in the cup, which was found at the time, the same as that on Amy's hand. It meant that someone used his/her hand to poison.
	Amy had said that Allison once held her hand, but it was after Jacob used the cup. If Allison put the poison in Jacob's cup and then framed Amy, she still had time to wash her hands. However, Amy did not know that there were poisonous powders in her hands, so she just sat by and chatted.
	"If Amy did it, she knew her hand had poisons. Why didn't she wash her hands? Then she could get rid of the responsibility, but she didn't wash her hands as she didn't know it. So the person who washed the hands should be a suspect," Fabian analyzed.
	"Yeah, she knew her hands had poison, so she washed her hands. She never touched Jacob's teacup, so we can't see it poison Jacob." Kevin went back to the video.
	"She didn't touch Jacob's teacup. I have to think it through." Fabian frowned again.
	Lucy was dazzled by what she had seen and didn't want to see any more. She was not very good at such a detailed work. If it was to fight, she could handle it.
	"Take your time. I do not want to see it anymore. I feel like throwing up." Lucy found a place to lie down. She felt so tired these days, but there was no progress in the case, which made her feel very depressed.
	Kevin and Fabian continued to check the video. They analyzed it bit by bit, but still, they made no progress.
	"Let's take a break. Maybe when we don't want to see it, a loophole will appear and we can find evidence that will prove Amy is innocent." Kevin was tired as well. He hadn't rested since he got off the plane.
Chapter 370 Figure Out the Ways Respectively
	Holding Kingsley's arm, Allison entered the hotel. As soon as they showed up, they were greeted with disdainful and envious looks.
	Kingsley was notorious for being a playboy. He did nothing but idle around all the time. Now he let his brother take charge of the Carr family, while he himself went for travel.
	Allison had a bad reputation among R City's celebrities. She once married Philip, but then they broke up. When she was about to marry Jacob, Jacob died. Everyone thought her as a jinx.
	When the two notorious people were together, no one had faith in their relationship.
	Kingsley had got used to being in the limelight, and Allison felt proud to be with him. Come what way, Kingsley was the heir of the Dragon Group. Ordinary people didn't dare to offend them…
	Although they had a bad reputation, they looked gorgeous and handsome, so they might be a good match.
	After they entered the hotel, they headed for the room they had booked in advance. Today was Kingsley's birthday. He had invited some friends over for a small party. Allison was very excited that they were going to his new villa.
	When they got to the private room, all the lights were off. It was a very old trick. Kingsley's friends wanted to give Kingsley a surprise. Kingsley was a big spender, so were his friends.
	As soon as they went in the room, the lights suddenly lit up and the friends scattered flowers on them. Under the crystal lamp was an exquisite six-layer cake.
	"Happy birthday, Kingsley. I have a tight budget recently. My credit card is limited, so I can only give you this." One of them gave Kingsley a box. Allison was shocked when she saw it. It was a diamond the size of a pigeon egg."
	Everyone took out their birthday presents and gave them to Kingsley. Allison estimated that the gifts would amount to tens of millions. All these people were fat cats who Allison wanted to be with.
	"Kingsley, she's your girlfriend, isn't she? We haven't known her yet." Looking at the woman next to Kingsley, some people started goading him.
	"Come on, I haven't known whether she wants to be with me!" Kingsley stopped his friends and pulled Allison behind him.
	"OK, let's stop it. I want to try the cake. The dishes could be served now." Then the waiters came in with food.
	While everyone was eating and drinking happily, Kingsley suddenly said to Allison, "Will you be my girlfriend?"
	Although Allison had been looking forward to it for a long time, she couldn't believe that Kingsley would say so. Although she didn't like Kingsley, he was rich and powerful and could help her a lot.
	"Why? Don't you like me?" Kingsley's voice was very gentle. The first time she met, Kingsley, he was very unkind to her, but later he was very nice to her and took good care of her every time they met.
	"I like you very much, but it comes so suddenly that I can't take it in." Allison knew how to keep a man interested.
	"It doesn't matter. I will give you some time to accept me, just like I slowly fell in love with you. I didn't like you in the past, as I thought you were just an eye candy. But I did not think that you are brave and astute, and then I have been deeply in love with you. Kingsley confessed his love to Allison in front of his friends.
	"I'll think about it. But happy birthday to you." Allison didn't immediately agree to be with Kingsley.
	Kingsley didn't get angry either. He kept his affectionate smile.
	When the party was over, Kingsley took his friends to the new villa. He said that his villa was used for wedding. But he didn't mind letting his friends to visit it. There was a large heated swimming pool, so that was a highlight.
	They drove five sport cars to Kingsley's villa, which was so large that it looked like a palace.
	When they arrived, his friends spread out like they'd been released from prison and showed around Kingsley's new villa.
	Kingsley took Allison by the hand and showed her to his new room.
	"I wish it would be you." Kingsley said to Allison.
	After a night of sweet talk, Allison felt the way that Richard was obedient to her long ago. At that time, Richard would get the moon for her if she wanted it.
	Now Richard had been robbed by Amy, but it didn't matter, she could also take him back. If she couldn't take him back, she would destroy them. No one could have what Allison couldn't have!
	"How can you be in lack of women?" Allison was happy, but she acted very calmly.
	"Of course I'm not in lack of women, but I like the smart and beautiful women like you, who can help me achieve great things." Kingsley blew into Allison's ear, and it made Allison's heart flutter.
	"Come, I have a lot of wine here. Let's have a good drink. Today is my birthday. You have to stay with me." Kingsley touched Allison's face.
	"All right, today is your birthday. I'll accompany you to do anything you want." Allison looked at Kingsley's delicate, enchanting face.
	Kingsley opened a bottle of wine, filled it up for Allison and for himself. Then they drank happily.
	In the end, Allison was so drunk that she was out of consciousness, and she was still holding on to Kingsley.
	Kingsley had someone take her to a room in the garden, and then he told his friends to go back.
	Allison held the man, who she could vaguely see Kingsley's face.
	The man really liked her. In order to get her, he had used so many tricks, but she cooperated with him as she hadn't got a man's love for a long time. With the effect of alcohol, she was enthusiastic.
Chapter 371 Allison's Video
	When Allison woke up the next morning, she saw Kingsley sitting by the bed, smiling at her.
	"How do you feel? Are you tired?" Kingsley asked Allison with concern.
	Allison nodded shyly. She was wasted last night, but she had a good night. Kingsley was so energetic that she felt so satisfied.
	"Come and have some porridge. I've had it cooked for a long time. It's very good for you," Kingsley said, making Allison surer that Kingsley was satisfied with her performance the night before.
	Allison ate the porridge, got dressed, and found herself in a room in the garden. It was very quiet. Kingsley had such a good taste that he found the place.
	"I have to go back. I haven't been back all night and my brother must be worried about me." Allison finished the porridge and left. Kingsley didn't stop her and asked the driver to take her back.
	"Have you recorded the video last night? Good. Send it to Hadrian. Did you put some drug in the porridge?" Kingsley asked his men.
	"Yes, Mr. Carr, we've done what you ordered," his men hurriedly said.
	"Good, my hard work wasn't wasted. I have even used honey trap." Kingsley touched his handsome face.
	Hadrian was in the middle of a video conference, and suddenly received a video of his sister, but there were ten men surrounding his sister, all naked, and Allison seemed to be enjoying herself.
	He saw it, so did the rest of the company. He shut it down right away.
	"Look it up at once. What's the matter?" He had not finished his words when a phone call came in.
	"Hello, are you Hadrian? You got the video, right? How do you think of it? Your sister is very enchanting, so enchanting that we don't think we should hide it up but to make it public!" said the man with a disgusting voice.
	"What do you want to do? Why did you do this to my sister?" Hadrian yelled.
	"We don't want to do anything. It's just that what you and your sister did were so hateful. You don't even care about people's lives. We couldn't just stand by. We have to stand up to justice. Did you finish the video? It's wonderful in the latter part! Your sister can handle ten men!" laughed the man wildly and hung up the phone.
	Hadrian immediately had someone trace the source of the video, but they couldn't find it. When he clicked on the video again, the filthy scenes were thrilling, but Allison was enjoying herself. She must have been drugged.
	"No, you have to go find the source!" Hadrian was furious.
	But when he was still looking for the source, his men reported, "The video has been posted on the Internet!" The man handed Hadrian the phone. Only his sister was visible in the video. The other men only showed their backs.
	Hadrian hit the table hard, and his hand was bleeding.
	"Who did it?" Hadrian sat down. His plan was so elaborate. Did someone find them out?
	"Now it's over a million view counts! It has gone viral! We can't hide it now." They wanted to block the video, but other people would post it on the Internet again.
	"Forget it, you certainly can't stop it. Even I can't stop it. I have to find Allison. Keep an eye on it." Hadrian dismissed the meeting and went back to Allison to discuss it.
	However, Allison wasn't at home. He called Allison, but no one answered. He immediately sent his men to find Allison.
	The abuse was overwhelming, but Allison hadn't known what was going on. When she got home, she felt a little weak and dizzy, and felt as if she couldn't remember anything.
	Where did she go last night? Why would she go home now? She thought for a long time but could not figure out what was going on. Then she felt her private parts bleeding again.
	Allison was so scared that she hurried to the hospital for a check. It was not the time for her menstrual period.
	The doctor was surprised when she saw Allison's report, which showed that her private parted were strained as her sexy activities were too violent. The doctor gave her a lot of medicine, which nearly cost thousands of dollars.
	"You should love yourself. You can go to work if you don't have money. It won't go on for long if you sell yourself. It gets more kicks than halfpence if you're infectious with sexually transmitted diseases," said the doctor patiently as she sent Allison away.
	Allison thought the doctor was really strange. She gave her a glare and left the hospital with the medicine. When she wanted to call Hadrian, she found that her cell phone was left in the car.
	When she got to the parking lot, she saw a dozen missed calls.
	"Hadrian, what are you calling me for?" Allison called to Hadrian.
	"Oh, Allison, you finally called back. Where have you been? I'm so worried about you." Hadrian was relieved when he got a call from Allison. He was afraid that his sister couldn't accept what she had gone through.
	"What's going on?" Allison thought Hadrian was in some kind of trouble.
	"Not me. Come back now." Hadrian hung up the phone. It was fine that he could find Allison.
	"Hadrian, what exactly has happened?" When Allison returned home, she asked Hadrian.
	"Where were you last night?" Hadrian asked.
	"Last night? Where did I go last night? Was I not at home?" Allison looked blank.
Chapter 372 Who's Ensnaring Us?
	When being asked by her brother Hadrian where she went last night, Allison found her memory about it a blur.
	"Your video is spreading on the Internet. I remember last night you said you had to go out, then where on earth did you go?" Hadrian showed her the video, the most popular video on the internet today.
	Allison felt as if struck by lightning to see herself naked in the video, but the memories about last night seemed to totally elude her.
	"Gosh, Hadrian, I can't remember anything about last night. I must have been framed. No wonder when I was at hospital just now, the doctor talked with me in a weird tone." She recalled the strange way the doctor looked at her.
	"Right. The video has been spread in the whole R city, but there's nothing I can do. What's worse, the video will pop up when people are working over the Internet." Hadrian was cut short by a staff, who had something new to report.
	"Mr. Field, all of our customers require to end the cooperation with us on the grounds of moral scandal. The video that Mrs. Field drove a car and crashed into a person was spread as well. What should we do?" The staff could do nothing but to report after he picked up so many calls, all of which were about canceling cooperation with them.
	Hadrian clicked the video to watch. It was Mrs. Field who was crashing into Stephen Miller with hatred in the video.
	They were ensnared. The evil deeds his families had done were exposed. If all the orders had to be cancelled because of it, his company would go bankrupt. At the thought of it, his hands began to tremble.
	"Hadrian, who the hell is ensnaring us? It's too cunning. I'll definitely fix him if I knew who it is." Allison was confused about the current situation.
	"Who else could it be? It must be Richard Carter. He knew his wife was trapped by us, but he has no evidence, so he did it for revenge and warning." Hadrian knew that he was too weak to fight back.
	"Don't worry. We can turn to business abroad as an alternative even if we're damaged at home. Philip is about to be let out of prison. I will ask him to help us." Allison was still sober and clear-minded except losing the memory last night.
	"Allison, our company may be forced to close down before your Philip is freed. Now all the customers have canceled cooperation with us. Just figure out how much loss we have suffered." Hadrian didn't count on Philip, because if he were really powerful enough to fight with Richard, he wouldn't be thrown into prison by Richard, and could do nothing but to wait for Allison's help. Those people, who had promised to help Philip out as soon as possible after receiving much money from Allison, didn't make any changes. He didn't hold much hope for it.
	"But what else can you do? Philip is the only one I can count on now. The truth is that there's nothing we can do but wait." Allison couldn't help shouting at Hadrian, physically and mentally exhausted.
	Hadrian was speechless, after all he couldn't be here today without Allison's help.
	"Well, I'm off to have a rest. Call me if you need me." Allison's vagina was bleeding and she was in a bad spirit.
	Fabian could take a rest finally after the observation of several nights. He could hardly keep his eyes open.
	Everyone, along with Kevin Smith, decided to stop watching videos and take a break today. They were busy with other work. They thought maybe there would be some new discoveries a couple of days later.
	Fabian booked a room in a hotel and took a good rest instead of going back home, because he knew Hannah would ask him to continue to work.
	"The video has had bad influence on Allison, but we should continue to look for her mistakes. We have to make her mentally distressed and can't think about others, then we can deal with her where she is unprepared for." Richard, Andy and Kingsley were busy with handling Allison.
	Richard and Andy admired the way Kingsley handled the situation. His idea was simple and violent, but really useful.
	"Kingsley, thank you. Your idea worked although it's beneath us to treat her in this way." Richard showed his thanks to Kingsley.
	"It would abase ourselves. He fixed Sophia in the same way." Andy refused to express his inner thoughts although he admired Kingsley as well.
	"Not at all. I'm a nobody with little education. I know it's beneath your dignity to do so. I'm helping myself, too." What he thought about was a puzzle to others.
	"You can leave this to me and go on looking for evidences. It was really wicked of Allison to take someone else's life as nothing. I hate women of this kind." Kingsley said through gritted teeth.
	He didn't hate Allison only because she was malicious but also because she hurt his beloved woman. He was sure to punish her.
	Having divided the work, they continued doing what they were responsible for. Three of them had the same purpose, which was to clean Amy's name as soon as possible after all she had suffered.
	Lying in bed, Allison was unsure as to what the next move should be. She, now like an idiot after being hurt, couldn't remember anything about last night, such as who recorded the video.
	Was it Richard who ensnared her? She didn't think he would do such disgraceful things, after all, she knew much about him, neither would Andy and Kingsley.
	She patted herself on the head, hoping to get things straight. Her vagina was still bleeding and her legs are too painful to fold. She rewatched the video and it startled herself to find that she had sex with ten strong men for several times. It was no wonder that her pain was beyond description now. The doctor said her private parts were so badly strained that she couldn't have sex unless she took a rest for at least half a year.
	She had to find out the villain, who made such a huge damage to her. She turned off the video and threw the phone away.
Chapter 373 The Evidence
	"I found it!" After a two-day's rest, Fabian finally found something strange when he watched the video again. He called Kevin and Lucy to see with an excited tone.
	Kevin and Lucy, putting down their tea cup at once, rushed up to him and looked at where he pointed at. In the video, after Allison and Jacob Carter came into the room, they sat opposite to Amy and Otto Ellis. Allison pointed at Jacob's cup and said his cup was Amy's style. Her fingers lingered on the cup for a second although she didn't touch it.
	"Let's magnify it." Kevin made a suggestion. Then they noticed that Allison made a slight movement with her index finger and middle finger. It was almost imperceptible.
	"Look, I think it is at this time that she poisoned the water in Jacob's cup." Fabian speculated.
	Kevin agreed with him. Even though it's not easy to notice, it was the best timing for Allison to poison the water because since then she had never touched Jacob's cup.
	"I think so. But this is not a HD video, so we can't see the poison." Lucy pointed out the key problem that a slight movement over the cup couldn't prove anything.
	"Hello guys. I brought you good news." Richard walked into the room when they were talking.
	"What is it?" Kevin was eager to hear some good news because he was so depressed recently.
	"Andy has found out where the poison is from and only one person has ever bought it in the whole R city." Richard sat down happily. He had been running about for several days. After he paid a visit to Amy, he felt more distressed. He couldn't help worrying about her even though she kept telling him not to worry.
	"Who?" they asked in unison.
	"Hadrian." Richard affirmed.
	The poison Allison used was rare in the market and one could get it only through seeking personal connections. They couldn't have found out where she got it if it were not for the coincidence Andy came across.
	With things as such, the only important thing was that Amy could be saved.
	"Wow, great! If we have made sure Fabian bought the poison, Allison's behavior then can be explained. Richard, look at here." Once finding out who the poison belonged to, their video could be helpful as well.
	After watching the video, Richard was relieved to find that all the evidence was collected. The next thing he should do was clear Amy's name.
	When Allison was subpoenaed, she didn't know what was happening. The court staff was stopped at the door by Hadrian.
	"We have court summons and Allison Field has been sued. Please don't obstruct official duty." One of the court staffs said to Hadrian.
	"Sued for what? My sister has been staying at home all the time. She didn't do anything against the law." Hadrian stopped them at the living room.
	"You must be Hadrian Field, are you? You will be summoned later. Mind your own business." A court staff said to him.
	Allison was attracted by the noise downstairs. When she saw the courts staffs in uniform, she wanted to run away instinctively.
	"Hadrian, stop them. I don't want to go to the court." She said while shaking her head.
	"Allison, this is not up to you. You are summoned because you are charged by Amy Miller." They looked at them in a disappointed way, wondering that why they violated the law since they were so afraid to be caught.
	"You are Hadrian Field, aren't you?" another two court staffs came for taking Hadrian away.
	"No, no. We are good citizens. What evidences do you have to catch us?" Hadrian kept pushing and struggling.
	"If you refuse to cooperate, we have to carry out compulsory execution." They were ready to catch Allison and Hadrian by force.
	Hadrian, almost forgetting his sister, pushed them over and dashed out of the door.
	"Hadrian, Hadrian!" Allison was caught while she was yelling her brother's name, wishing him to save her. Hadrian, however, turned a deaf ear to it and ran away quickly.
	With the inarguable proof, Allison had to admit her guilt. Amy was released from prison soon.
	"Amy, go on with your life after you go out. Seize the day and be happy." Viola and Paige gave Amy their best wishes before Amy was free.
	In the prison, they established deep friendship after going through many calculations from Libby and Anita. Now that Amy was going to be released, they sincerely wished her well. Amy was wronged so she would go out sooner or later.
	"Viola, Paige, I will come back to see you." Amy was truly grateful to them, who helped her a lot in the prison.
	"No, don't come here again now that you are released. It is not a good place." Viola patted Amy on the shoulder and pushed her out as she said.
	After Amy got out of the cell, Ms. Kim, the prison officer, picked her up and walked her for a long way.
	"Learn to protect yourself." Kim said suddenly before Amy was going to get out of the gate of the prison. Then she turned away.
	The door was about to close before Amy turned back to see her.
	There was a man who had been waiting for her. The sun in winter, which was far from warm, shone on people coldly. A gust of cold wind made her ears painful.
	The wind kept Amy in a cold shiver. Though wrapped in a thick down coat, she still felt cold.
	Richard held her in his embrace and wrapped her with his overcoat,
	"Amy, I'm sorry to let you suffer." He gave her a soft kiss on the cheek.
Chapter 374 Employing a Nanny
	"Amy, you're back. You finally come back." Hannah, who was pregnant, stood a few feet away. She didn't want to interrupt when the couple were making out, even though she was very excited to see Amy again.
	"Hannah? When did you come back? Aren't you in the middle of fetus protection? How is the baby?" Amy noticed the gaze from Hannah who was in a thick coat and protected by Kevin.
	"Don't worry. I'm good. You suffered a lot but I couldn't do anything for you." Hannah suddenly burst into tears and gave Amy a warm hug.
	"I'm so glad to see you're here. Thank you." Amy cried with her, too. She didn't fear anything even in the prison and didn't cry for getting wronged. But now her families came to pick her up and she couldn't help crying because of happiness.
	Five cars, waiting at a short distance, were all here to take her home. After the hug with Hannah, their mothers came to hug her.
	"God bless you, my sweetie." Cathy and Eliana, with noses twitching, were fighting back tears.
	"OK, now let's go home." Amy shouted. Everybody laughed, filled with emotion. They found it relieved that a malicious woman was sent into prison. The life in the future would be easier.
	Before Amy entered the door, she was required to cross the fire plate to ward off bad luck. Then she took a bath in wormwood leaves water and wore pink pajamas.
	She hadn't worn so bright clothes for a long time. From now on, she must dress up, after all, she was still a young lady.
	"Sweetie, come and drink some tea. It's a newly-mixed herbal tea, good for calming you down." Cathy brought the tea up to Amy.
	"Thanks, Mom." After drinking a cup of warm tea, Amy felt much warmer.
	"Amy, can I talk to you for a moment?" Cathy sat down. She wanted to ask how the life in the prison was like.
	"Of course, mom." Amy sat with Cathy. They began to talk about her life in the prison.
	Amy told her nothing but the good news. She told her she had a full life every day and was treated well there.
	Cathy doubted it in mind because she knew Amy was comforting her.
	She knew that although Richard had pulled some strings to take care of Amy, Hadrian must have found some contacts to give her a hard time there.
	"Mom, It's really not bad there. Nobody dared to bully me. And I learnt a lot there." She had been put in jail for over a month and learnt much there.
	"You must be tired. Let's go to sleep." Cathy thought it was about time that Richard finished his shower, so she stopped talking with Amy in order to leave the couple alone.
	"Darling, come up." Richard's voice came at the moment. He was beckoning her upstairs.
	Amy went upstairs with a cup of tea, then Richard took her hands to enter their bedroom.
	"Your hands are so cold. It's colder outside the room. You should wear more."
	Richard rubbed and breathed into her hands to warm them.
	Actually, he was too worried about her. It was just a little colder outside. Her hands were always cold.
	"I'm not as weak as you think. Mom wears as much clothes as I do." She pouted her lips. Richard had always had a soft spot for it, so he kissed her on the lips.
	It was far from enough after all the days they had been apart. He put her hands on his chest and held her head with both hands, and kissed her deeply.
	An affectionate kiss expressed his deep love for her. His love had never changed although they were together for so many years.
	"I love you, darling." Richard put her down softly.
	After hours of enthusiastic sex, Richard held her in his arms and asked, "Why don't we have another baby, darling?"
	Overwhelmed by sleepiness, she didn't take to heart what Richard said at all. She nodded as an answer and fell asleep in the comfortable and safe embrace.
	"Mrs. Carter, the nanny for Allen is going to quit. We need to find a new one for him. I have chosen three. Would you please choose your favorite one from them?" Robin walked up to report.
	"Quit? Why? I thought she had been happy about the work." Amy was satisfied with the nanny, who came with her from the Newell family and took good care of Allen for a long time.
	"She said she must come back to handle something in her family, and she was not sure if she would come back, so she had to quit." Robin couldn't do anything but let her go.
	"Fine. Let her go first and give her more salary. If she wants to come back after her family affairs are addressed, I'll still take her." Amy said.
	"You are so nice, Mrs. Carter. I promise I'll come back." The nanny was touched when she heard Amy's words after she had packed up. But she had to go.
	"Alright, I'll keep the position for you. Take care." Amy said to the nanny.
	The nanny expressed her great thanks and left with the money. Soon, the nannies Robin had selected came. Three of them were young, one was in her forties, one thirties, and one twenties.
	Amy asked them some questions and asked Allen to choose his favorite one.
	Allen looked at them but had no idea. He pointed at the woman in her thirties casually.
	"Why do you like her?" Amy asked him.
	"Because I think she is like you, Mommy." he answered. After taking a careful look at the woman, who had always been submissive and meek, Robin and Amy thought Allen was right.
	"Keep her then, and let the others go back." Amy was ready to go after the nanny had been picked.
Chapter 375 Prepare for the Birthday Party
	After choosing the nanny, Amy was about to leave. At this time, the nanny spoke up.
	"Mrs. Carter, may I ask you a question?" her voice was low, as if she was green and inexperienced.
	But Amy felt a little familiar in her voice. She looked back at the nanny again and was sure she didn't know her. Although the nanny was speaking, she seemed to be too timid to look at Amy.
	"Go ahead. What do you want to know?" Amy sat down again.
	"I'd like to know my monthly salary. Excuse me. My mother is sick at home. I have to earn money to treat her. I can do anything. I just hope my monthly salary can be good." The woman said and bit her lips, and looked pitiful.
	"Leave this question to me. You can inquire about the treatment offered by the Carter family. In R City, few families can offer better treatment than we do. The former nanny asked for leave because of something urgent. Otherwise, you wouldn't have a chance to get such a good job." Robin then explained to the nanny.
	"Sounds great. Thank you." Once the new nanny heard that the treatment was pretty good, she was relieved.
	"What's your name?" seeing the nanny keep looking down, Amy asked her.
	"Marian Wood," Marian Wood, the nanny, then looked up and peeked at Amy.
	"Well, a pretty name. Your parents must be well-educated." Amy looked at Marian, who had big eyes, an average nose and average lips. She had a plain face, but her voice made Amy feel a little familiar.
	"Have we met before?" Amy asked Marian directly.
	"I don't know. I work in the nanny market. There are many people who come to see us every day. Many people have seen me. Someone asks us to speak native language, so that we can take good care of the children. So, I will speak a few words sometimes." what Marian said was reasonable. Her language was perfect. She should have been specially trained.
	"Alright. Robin, take her away and arrange accommodation for her. She is just here. It will take some time for her to get along with Allen. When they get to know each other better, we can let her take care of Allen." After Amy arranged, she turned around and left.
	She took a few steps and felt like someone was watching her. But when she looked back, there was nothing. Marian had been taken away by Robin.
	Maybe it was because she had just gotten out of prison. She had been always on guard in prison. So, even if she was out now, she was still alert. Thinking of this, Amy was relieved.
	After Marian worked in the Carter family, she was very diligent and often helped other servants work. Although the work she did was not good, her enthusiasm made her popular.
	She was also patient with children. No matter what Allen did, she would look at him with a smile and help him with many things. Allen also liked her very much.
	But there were people in the family who didn't like her.
	"Did you choose the new nanny?" Richard asked Amy.
	"Yes. What is wrong? I didn't choose her alone. Your son did too. He thought she was okay, saying that she looked a little like me." Amy was watching the computer. She was about to translate an article for Allen to read.
	"Yes, she looks a bit like you. But I think she is not so simple. Maybe I'm thinking too much." Richard couldn't tell what was wrong.
	"I also think there's something wrong. But I have thought it is because we've been through something, so we're terribly suspicious now." Amy then expressed her views.
	"Alright. Anyway, Allen's nanny is home to do something now. When she comes back, let her continue to take care of Allen. This woman makes me feel something is wrong." Richard didn't know what was wrong with him.
	"Alright. Your son likes her. She gets along well with children." Amy finished the translation and would print it out for Allen to read.
	"I like my son's mom too. What should I do?" Richard pulled Amy into his arms, hugging her tightly and not letting go.
	"How do I know what you should do?" Amy teased him. Richard grabbed Amy's hand and put it on his chest.
	"Listen. It is beating fast, right? It beats fast every time I see you." Richard's heart was beating strongly.
	"Honey, you get me hot. I can't resist my desire anymore." Richard took Amy in his arms and pressed her on the bed.
	Soon after Amy came out of prison, it was Richard's birthday. Richard also wanted to thank the friends who helped him and Amy. So, he decided to hold a large party and invite everyone to relax in his house.
	"This is the first time Mr. Carter held a party in his house. Guys, wake up and listen! Do your job well and know what you should not do. Behave yourself and follow the arrangement." Robin was speaking to everyone.
	The former cook was Allison's eyes and had been fired by Robin with an excuse. Now, there was no other's eyes in the house for the time being.
	So, they didn't have to be too nervous. Robin also arranged work for the new Marian. Marian's eyes flashed and she accepted it all.
	Everyone in the Carter family became busy. Amy was the planner of the party. So, she was the busiest. Richard just wanted Amy not to fill her head with nonsense and made her busy.
	Cathy was Amy's assistant. The two worked hard. Fortunately, they had a tacit understanding and could reach agreements in a lot of things. So, they didn't waste too much time.
	They had only two weeks to prepare for the party. So, they were in a rush. These people Richard invited were all his business partners and his friends who had helped him.
	There was a man Richard did not invite. Because this man had to continue to work undercover and could not reveal his identity. Although Allison had been locked up, Hadrian escaped and Philip and his men were still unpunished. So, this man could only be wronged temporarily.
	"Stop. You can't go to that place!" Marian was about to walk towards the depths of the garden when she was stopped by Robin.
	Marian was startled, tried to calm down, and turned around.
	"Sir, what's wrong? I am going to pick some flowers and put it in Mr. Allen's bedroom." It was winter now. The waxflower and red plum were blooming beautifully.
	"No need. Mr. Allen is too young and doesn't like that!"
Chapter 376 Birthday Party
	Robin stopped Marian from going to the garden, which was being decorated for the party. There would be an activity here on the day of the birthday party. So, ordinary people would not be allowed in for the time being.
	"OK. Sorry, I won't go in." Marian did not say anything more and reluctantly walked away. This Robin hung around like a ghost all day. Wherever she went, he would always follow her.
	Marian went back to the living room. Allen was drawing a picture and looked serious.
	"Allen, what are you drawing?" Marian walked over. She watched Allen painting something with green on the drawing board.
	"I'm drawing a grassland. I want to go to the grassland." Allen pointed to the patch of green, and the little horse and man.
	"Allen, you want to go to the grassland? That sounds great. I can take you there." Marian's eyes lit up as soon as she heard that Allen wanted to go to the grassland.
	"No, my mom will take me there. Aren't you going to help them? They're all busy for my dad's birthday party." The unpleasant experience had left a scar in Allen's heart. Although it had been so long ago, he still failed to come to terms with it.
	"You are right. Then I am going to help them. I will leave you here alone." With that, Marian left. It was really hard to fool anyone in this family. Even such a child was so alert.
	With everyone's efforts, they finally got everything ready before the party.
	"We've never had a party at home. This time, Mr. Carter wants to celebrate Mrs. Carter's release from prison. Mr. Carter really loves Mrs. Carter!" When the servants were free, they began to talk about their master.
	Marian was listening attentively. She was interested in everything about Richard and Amy.
	"So why did Mr. Carter not help Mrs. Carter when she went to jail?" Marian asked.
	"We don't know. It seemed that something important delayed Mr. Carter. But Mr. Carter found a way to get Mrs. Carter out later." The servants were kind and didn't look down on the newcomer, just taking Marian as one of their own.
	"Well, Mr. Carter really loves Mrs. Carter." Marian had an envious look on her face.
	"Sure. In R City, everyone knows that Mr. Carter loves Mrs. Carter the most." One of the servants said proudly, as if she was the one who was favored.
	Marian was happy to see that the servants in the family hadn't ostracized her. That was what she wanted.
	On the day of the party, Amy got up early in the morning. She was the commander today and would be in charge of everything in the house. Cathy didn't stay idle either. She helped to set things up. The party today offered self-service. There were cakes and raffles after the party. The activity was well arranged.
	"Mrs. Carter, this is the mangosteen that was just delivered. Should we peel them all?" someone held a box of mangosteens, walked to Amy, and asked her.
	"Yes. Please peel them all and put them in the freezer." There was a row of freezers at the party. Although it was very cold now, the heat was on in the hall. A lot of seafood and fruits must be refrigerated, or it would affect the taste.
	Amy checked all the places again and felt that there should be nothing wrong.
	At ten o'clock, the guests came one after another. They did not invite many guests today and just selected those who had business dealings with the HD Group.
	So, people who were invited all felt honored and arrived happily at the party with their families.
	Andy came early and brought a large box of fresh seafood, which was delivered directly to Richard's house.
	"I have been afraid it won't be delivered until this afternoon. Fortunately, under my repeated urging, it is finally delivered this morning. I send it over right away, afraid it won't be fresh if it is delayed for a long time." Andy commanded some people to move the box down.
	"Thank you so much, Andy. I'm worried that we don't have enough seafood, and you deliver some to me in time. You are really offering timely help!" Amy let Andy in.
	"Nice! I'm glad it can come in handy. I have been worried that it will be redundant. I've inquired about the seafood you've prepared. These I delivered are not the same as the ones you've prepared." Andy said proudly.
	Richard also came out. He looked at Andy and greeted him. Hearing that Andy had delivered a lot of seafood, he pretended to be unhappy.
	"You know that I can't eat seafood, and still deliver so much. You are deliberately angering me, are not you?"
	"Come on. I also delivered some steak you like. I know it." Andy could accept it when he saw Richard and Amy were openly affectionate. As long as Amy was happy, nothing else mattered. He was Amy's best friend forever.
	"You really know me. Then we'll have a few more drinks later. Why don't we get drunk like last time?" Richard smiled and shook hands with Andy.
	"How come Kingsley hasn't come? Didn't he promise he would come early today? This guy must be having fun somewhere." Andy looked at the hall. Although some people had come, he did not see Kingsley. Kingsley had promised that he would come early. Now, Andy came there, but did not see Kingsley.
	"I'll call him. He should have prepared something rare. He is always good at having fun!" Andy was about to call Kingsley.
	Suddenly, there was a commotion at the door. A large handful of flowers were moved to them. The flowers were tied to a car. There was a large box behind it, which was more than three meters high.
	Finnley followed the car. Finnley was wearing a white shirt, black pants, and a gray cashmere coat today. He looked awesome and spirited!
	"Amy, ask someone to take this away. This is Kingsley's gift. He asked us to open it while the party started later. It's mysterious. I don't know what it is." They all knew that Finnley and Kingsley were from a family. The two had never lied to them and just kept a low profile.
	"Alright. This Kingsley always prepares something strange. Then we will open it later. It is just a birthday gift. But he makes it so mysterious." Richard also smiled brightly and did not expect that he had two more good friends in this period of time.
Chapter 377 Mysterious Note
	Kevin and Hannah also came early. Hannah tried to help them as soon as she arrived, but was taken to the bedroom by Amy to rest.
	"Amy, what can I do for you? I want to do something!" Hannah had intended to come to help Amy. But Kevin had asked Amy. Amy just told him not let Hannah come and just stay home to take care of herself.
	Hannah woke up early this morning and wanted to come here to help. She agreed to come here after breakfast, but only after Kevin had pleaded with her in every way he could. She wanted to do something as soon as she got here.
	"No need. Everything has done. Take care of yourself and give birth to a little baby to play with my Allen!" Amy and Hannah were chatting inside. Soon, Finnley also came. She had nothing to say to the men outside.
	"Amy, is this your friend?" Finnley was not familiar with Hannah. She went in and saw the two women chatting, and sat down next to Amy.
	Hannah looked at Finnley and was surprised. She could not tell if this person was a man or a woman. As a man, this person looked prettier than a woman. As a woman, she was so tall and sat next to Amy.
	"Yes, she is my good friend, just like you. You are also my good friend." Amy held both of their hands.
	Amy's action surprised both of them. They retracted their hands in a hurry.
	"Amy, he... he's a man, right?" Hannah looked at the beautiful Finnley and asked Amy.
	"Secret. You can guess." Amy suddenly felt interesting and did not tell Hannah if Finnley was man or woman.
	Seeing Amy talking this, Finnley was surprised. She asked Amy, "You know everything?"
	Amy didn't directly answer Finnley, but asked them to enjoy the fruit and snacks in front of her.
	"Mrs. Carter! Mrs. Carter, a man just brought something in and asked us to hand it to you personally!" a servant rushed into Amy's bedroom and handed Amy a box.
	Amy was suspicious, but took the box anyway.
	"Thank you. Please leave us here first. I'll call you if there's anything." Amy let the servant leave first and was about to open that box. But Finnley picked it up.
	Finnley quickly opened that box. There was a snack inside. It was a white glutinous rice ball with red dots on the top.
	"This seems to be a birthday gift from someone. I will touch and check it." Finnley was cautious and touched the snack. After making sure it was a glutinous rice ball, she took it out and handed it to Amy.
	Amy looked at it carefully. Finnley took a closer look at the box. There was no markings and no hints. Who would send such a thing to Amy?
	Amy suddenly thought of something and broke the rice ball from the middle. There was a small note inside. People might directly eat it if they did not notice it.
	"There's something." Amy said and took the note out, reading it.
	"Beware of traps!" there were only a few very small German words on the note.
	Among the people Amy knew, few could speak German. Who could this be? There were very few people who knew that Amy could speak German.
	"What does it say?" Hannah looked at the letters, which she didn't recognize.
	"Beware of traps. It's German!" Finnley explained to Hannah. Since Hannah was Amy's good friend, and Amy opened this in front of them, Finnley analyzed it meant that all three people in the room were trustworthy. So, she directly told Hannah the contents of the note.
	"What?" Hannah felt annoyed. Who had to be hard on Amy? She really got angry!
	"Damn it! I'll going to see who's so hateful!" Hannah had been controlling her emotions. After all, she was pregnant. So, she had been trying to be gentle. But she could not bear it anymore! Who were these people!
	"Calm down first. You're still so impulsive, Hannah. You're pregnant and have to control your emotions, okay? It's not good for the baby. I'll deal with it, dear!" Amy pressed Hannah to sit on the couch.
	"Whether the news is true or not, we have to stay alert. It's Richard's birthday today. We can't mess it up." Finnley thought about it. All she could think of was that some people might sneak in the birthday party.
	"I'll go check it right away. Anyone without invitation will be not allowed in." Finnley immediately stood up, thinking that it was necessary to take precautions.
	"Do you know who sent this message to us? I wonder if this person has a good intention or not." Amy asked the two.
	"Whatever it is, we have to take precautions!" Finnley was cautious.
	"Well, I think Finnley is right. We must take precautions. Amy, tell me what we should do." Hannah was active even though she was pregnant.
	"Alright. Then please help me tell Kevin to pay attention to the guests." Amy then gave Hannah a task.
	"Yes, sir! I'll be right there." Hannah stood up with bulging belly and saluted Amy, looking funny.
	"Finnley, just do what you want to do. I'll go around everywhere and check if there's any negligence!" Amy planned in her mind.
	"Okay, I'll be right there." Finnley also turned around and left. They didn't want the men to know about it today. It was Richard's birthday. Amy didn't want to worry him and hoped she could deal with it today.
	The party started on time. Kingsley called them and kept complaining. Since Finnley was going to attending the birthday party today, she got Kingsley back to DL City. Kingsley was aggravated because he couldn't attend the party.
	But he let them open the gift he sent now. After opening the three-meter-high box, everyone present was shocked. They had ever seen several layers of cakes and a variety of styles of cakes. But it was the first time they had seen such a special one.
	The cake was made in the shape of a castle. The roof of the castle was covered with flowers and fruits.
	"Amazing! This is a cake! How can we bear to eat it? It's so beautiful, right?" all the people covered their mouths. This cake was really special.
	Just when everyone was still in shock, the door of the castle opened and two big words popped out, "Happy Birthday!"
	"This cake is amazing! Thank you, Kingsley." Seeing that everyone here liked the cake, Richard called Kingsley and sent him the video.
Chapter 378 Express Delivery
	Although the castle cake was inviting, it was cut by a knife at Kingsley's strong request. The cake was so big that everyone present shared a piece of it. Even the servants ate the delicious cake.
	Richard and his friends were drinking there. Many people came to toast Richard. Amy and Finnley and others kept a vigilant eye on every place.
	"Finnley, everyone in the hall now have invitations. There should be no problem. You go to the door and guard. Nothing can be allowed in from now on. All the things we ordered have been delivered yesterday." Amy said to Finnley.
	"Got it." Finnley went to the door. Fabian and Otto were also brought here by Mr. Newell. Mr. Newell and his wife went to congratulate Richard. Amy then arranged something for Fabian and Otto.
	The party was in full swing. The atmosphere was good and harmonious.
	"Mrs. Carter, there was a scream from Mr. Allen's room. But we couldn't push open the door. What should we do?" a servant hurried to ask Amy.
	"I'll go check it out." Amy followed the servant to Allen's room. Allen's room was locked. But there was no sound inside.
	Amy asked the servant to break the door. Then, she looked into the room nervously, afraid that someone had hurt Allen again.
	But she was amused to see the scene inside. Allen was quietly painting. He didn't like crowds lately and liked to paint alone in his room.
	The woman lying on the floor was his new nanny, Marian. Marian was still in pain when she saw Amy.
	"What happened?" Amy asked Allen as she walked to him and carefully checked whether he was hurt.
	"Nothing. She wanted to kiss me. So, I attacked her acupoint." Allen said calmly.
	"Mrs. Carter, please help me. I just want to get close to Mr. Allen. I didn't expect he would do this to me. I am so uncomfortable now." Marian ached all over, which made her feel terrible.
	"Allen does not like others to approach him. Stop doing this again. He is not strong enough. So, even if he attacked your acupoint, you did not feel very sick. If it was me who did it, you now may not even have the strength to talk." Seeing that nothing had happened, Amy helped Marian.
	"Mrs. Carter, I just want to be closer to little Mr. Allen. I am his nanny and should take care of him. But he has been cold to me I just want to..." Marian said aggressively.
	"I know your kindness. Allen is a good boy and will slowly accept you. But you cannot do anything drastic, or he will hurt you." Amy warned Marian again.
	Since the accident last time, Amy had taught Allen that if someone he didn't like did something he didn't like, he could fight back and do what he could do to protect himself!
	"OK. I am too impatient. I will pay attention to it." Marian said quickly.
	"Good. Please leave us here. People are all busy outside. Please go to help them." Amy asked Robin to stay with Allen. She really didn't have time to stay with her son today. She had a lot of things to deal with.
	Marian left angrily. She did not expect this little brat to be able to attack her point. She really felt painful just now. Fortunately, he was not strong enough.
	When Amy went to deal with Allen's matter, something happened to Finnley. Someone sent a parcel over, which was very heavy and marked with a birthday present.
	The courier left. Finnley left the courier at the door. If someone hadn't warned them in advance that something would happen, Finnley would have thought it was just a birthday present from a kind person.
	But they had check it out just now. All the people who had been invited had arrived. Only Kingsley did not come. There must be something wrong with this delivery.
	"Hey, why don't you take the delivery in?" at this time, Marian came to the door. She saw that Finnley was dazed at the delivery, which said happy birthday.
	"Who are you?" Finnley looked at the woman in front of him. This woman didn't look like a guest in her clothes. But she spoke as if she were the master here.
	"You do not even know me? I am Mr. Allen's nanny. Who are you? Why don't you take Mr. Carter's birthday gift in? I'll take it in if you don't!" Marian said and went to hold the delivery.
	Finnley pulled Marian to stop her from touching it. Marian lifted her foot and kicked the box out.
	Suddenly, Finnley heard a sound coming from the delivery. She rushed to pick up the delivery and threw it out where there was no one with all her strength.
	Flames sprang up to heaven. Finnley pressed Marian under her. The guests screamed in fear.
	"Guys, please calm down and sit down. It's okay. It's okay. That's the firecrackers we prepared for my husband's birthday party. It's a little loud. We just hope everyone can be lucky in the new year!" although Amy did not know what was happening at the door, she thought it should be fine with Finnley there. Amy just came out of Allen's room. When she heard the sound, she rushed to appease the guests.
	"Well, I see. It really startled me. I have thought someone came to ruin the party. You guys are really interesting! The castle cake before, and the firecrackers now. Come on, guys. Let's congratulate our Richard and his wife on their love and long life together!" Andy and Kevin immediately raised their glasses. They knew that it must not be so simple. But they still helped Amy to calm everyone down.
	"Well, good idea. Mrs. Carter is really unique. Come on. Let's all toast to Mr. Carter and Mrs. Carter." All of them relaxed. It turned out to be not an explosion.
	In an instant, everyone became happy again and enjoyed the food Amy had prepared.
	"Why are you pressing me down? You pervert!" Marian pushed Finnley away. Finnley's leg was hit by the rock and was bleeding. she rolled over and stood up.
	"Don't take yourself too seriously. Even if I'm a pervert, I won't like you." Finnley asked someone to clean up the mess outside, and then found a place to bandage her wounds.
	Dexter heard the explosion and rushed out. When he came out, he saw Finnley standing up from the ground. He went to her and heard Marian scolding Finnley.
Chapter 379 Hostile Mother and Daughter
	As soon as Dexter reached the door, he heard Marian scolding Finnley. He walked to Marian in anger.
	"Look in the mirror yourself. How can such a beautiful man like you?" with that, Dexter checked Finnley's injury. Finnley gave Dexter a grateful look.
	"I'm fine. Just a small injury." Finnley said to Dexter.
	Dexter did not listen to Finnley. He saw Finnley's arms and thighs had been cut by the debris. Besides, there was a deep cut on her thigh. Her pants even had been wet with blood.
	"No, we must go to the hospital now. Your leg will be infected if it is not properly bandaged." Dexter ignored the surprised eyes of Finnley and the others, bent down, and picked up Finnley, walking out.
	"Put me down. A lot of people are watching us." Finnley's face was red. She had been carried twice by Dexter. The last time, no one saw it. But this time, a lot of people saw it.
	"Your leg is so badly injured. How can you not go to the hospital? What if the wound is split when you walk by yourself?" Dexter put on a long face, picked Finnley up, and left.
	"Damn it! Two gays! No wonder the one speaks for the other. It turns out that they are not interested in women. Hey guys, leave now. There is nothing here." Marian scattered those who watched Finnley and Dexter leave, and then also went in.
	"The main artery of this leg was almost cut. Luckily, she was sent there in time." The doctor said to Dexter as he checked Finnley's wound.
	Dexter saw that Finnley's pants were cut. The doctor cleaned her wounds and bandaged it.
	"Why didn't you change your pants? Shall I buy you one?" Dexter looked at the pants and was puzzled. There was a big cut in the middle of the pants. But Finnley did not change it.
	"No, thanks. I'll go home and change it." Finnley hated to being touched by others. If it weren't for the fact that the wound on her leg was deep, she would go home and deal with it herself.
	"Alright. Then I'll take you home. You can't walk in this condition." Dexter directly picked Finnley up again.
	"Come on. I really don't understand young men. This man is so good to another man. The two are so excellent. I even want to urge my daughter to find a boyfriend. If she doesn't find a good man, these men may be together." after the doctor finished bandaging and watched Dexter carry Finnley away, she sighed. What a pity!
	Finnley just heard the doctor's words and her face got even redder. Being misunderstood really upset her.
	"Dexter, what kind of person is your girlfriend?" although Finnley did not want Dexter to pick her up, she had no choice. Her leg was hurt badly. She was sorry for making Dexter misunderstood.
	"My girlfriend is quite tall, beautiful, and a little cold." Dexter thought about it and said to Finnley.
	"Why didn't you bring her there?" Finnley was asking Dexter why he didn't bring his girlfriend to Richard's birthday party.
	"No, I didn't bring her." Dexter said gravely. He did not bring her girlfriend. She came on her own.
	"Alright." Finnley heard that Dexter had a girlfriend and had mixed feelings. She felt she should be relieved. But in fact, she just felt upset. Anyway, it was very strange.
	Dexter did not say anything more, carried her into the car, and drove her home.
	"Drop me off here. Someone will come out to pick me up. Thank you." Finnley stood at the door, leaned against it, and said to Dexter.
	"OK, take care. I'll go back to see how the birthday party goes." Dexter didn't insist. He knew Finnley was an independent girl.
	"Say sorry to Amy and Richard for me. I didn't help much and even got myself hurt." Finnley looked at Dexter. This man was really handsome. It was a pity that he already had a girlfriend. But no one would like a girl like her.
	Since meeting Dexter, Finnley, who had been apathetic, slowly become emotional.
	"Well, goodbye." Dexter turned around and got into his car, waved his hand to Finnley, and drove off.
	Finnley watched until Dexter's car disappeared from view. Then, she rang the doorbell and was about to go in.
	"Miss, welcome home. What is wrong with your leg?" the servant opened the door and found Finnley's leg wrapped in thick gauze.
	"Nothing. Just a small injury. Help me in." Finnley had been considerate since she was a child. No matter how badly she was hurt, she would not tell anyone.
	The servant called for another person and they helped Finnley in together. Although Finnley was tall, she was thin and light. So, the two could help her in.
	"Miss, madam is here." On the way, the servant told Finnley.
	"I see." Finnley said and then kept silent. Her relationship with her mother had been tricky.
	When she entered the living room, Finnley saw her mother, Faustina Chapman, who was wearing the latest Chanel clothes of the season. Her mother wore her black hair in a neat fashion and wore delicate makeup on her face.
	This woman in her fifties looked like she was only thirty. In addition to spending money, Finnley felt that her mother had no any advantages.
	"What happened? I just haven't seen you for only a few days. Then, you're hurt again?" Faustina was obviously caring about Finnley. But what she said completely changed her concern.
	"Just a small injury. It won't kill me." Finnley said indifferently and sat down on the sofa with the help of the servant.
	"Go get a pair of scissors." Faustina asked the servant to go get her a pair of scissors.
	The servant quickly brought the scissors. Faustina was about to cut Finnley's pants.
	"What are you doing?" Finnley pushed Faustina. She did not like other people's touch.
	"I am cutting your pants. Look at yourself. You have to cut your pants and wear a skirt. As a girl, it is okay if you don't like to wear skirts. How can you wear these androgynous clothes? What a waste of the pretty face I gave you!" Faustina hated those clothes her daughter liked very much.
	"Mom, leave me alone, okay? Do you have to stop everything I like?" Finnley was speechless to her mother. They seemed to be enemies.
Chapter 380 The Birds of a Feather
	Finnley Carr was resigned to the fact that her mother has kept interfering in her life. From an early age, she was always made to do what her mother wanted her to do and anything she really liked would be stopped by her. However, her brother was much freer, idling around and doing nothing.
	“I’m not meddling in your life. It’s for your own good. I’ve been there, so I don’t want you to make detours.” Faustina turned a deaf ear to Finnley’s complain because she thought her own decision was the best for her.
	Little did Faustina know that Finnley had ever investigated the mystery of her own life experience because she thought she was adopted by Vitoria or Faustina was her stepmother.
	However, the final result proved she was wrong.
	“Mom, I’m almost thirty. I have my own dream and I want to do what I really like. Could you stop meddling with my life?” Faustina pushed Finnley down, cut her trousers and looked for another pair of trousers from upstairs.
	“I don’t understand how could a girl not have any trousers?” She rummaged around Finnley’s wardrobe for a dress, only to find a pair of loose pajamas.
	“Since when you have treated me like a girl? Do you think I had any time to dress up when you arranged me to learn taekwondo, martial arts, and made me learn finance, which I’m not interested in at all, and asked me to get a master’s degree and doctor’s degree?” She has been used to being bossed around by her mother.
	“You’re talking like it’s all my fault. I knew you spent most of your study time on martial arts. I didn’t want you to get a prize for it but to learn to protect yourself.” Faustina said in an aggrieved tone.
	“You’re such a perfectionist that you try to take the first in everything, but I just want you to learn them. You threw away all those dresses I bought for you and took time as an excuse. So don’t blame it on me!” Faustina was getting angry. She didn’t think she was wrong and she didn’t know why her own daughter couldn’t get along with her.
	Finnley was silent. Although they would fight every time they met, the first one to make a compromise would be Faustina. Faustina has a quick temper, easy come easy go.
	“I brought your favorite spicy crayfish and the wine I brewed by myself for you.” Faustina would bring Finnley’s favorites for her despite that they fought a lot.
	“Oh, I almost forgot you can’t eat it. Your leg was so badly hurt. I might as well live here for a couple of days to make some soup for you. It would be good for you.” Faustina noticed Finnely’s injury, so she took the crayfish away.
	“Mom, I told you it’s not a big deal. Are you gonna stop me from eating what I like?” Finnley was fond of the spicy crayfish that Faustina made.
	“Yes, I am. I’ll cook stewed pig’s feet for you later to help you replenish sufficient collagen, then you’ll recover sooner. As a girl, you can’t leave a scar on your body.” Faustina changed the trousers for Finnley as she said and took the crayfish away.
	“Mom, mom, you don’t have to live with me. My nanny will cook some soup for me. You can just tell them what to do.” Finnley couldn’t do anything with her mother.
	What’s more, Faustina has changed all her staffs, including her gardener, into female. What if any baddies came?
	What Finnely didn’t know was that some of the female staffs Faustina employed were excellent at martial arts. She hired them as bodyguards in secret, but she didn’t tell Finnley.
	“No, I’ve made up my mind. I will live with you for some time.” Faustina insisted on staying here.
	It was lucky for Finnley that Faustina didn’t see Dexter Butler this time, otherwise she would get the bottom of his family.
	When Dexter drove to Richard’s birthday party, the most exciting moment—prize draw in the garden, had begun.
	Amy had prepared many prizes. The top prize, said to be valuable, was kept a secret from the guests, so many people were looking forward to it.
	Matt Wilson was also invited as a special guest. Few people knew about him and talk with him, because few were the guests today who had cooperation with Wilson Group.
	He was watching the crowd, sitting nearby silently with a glass of red wine.
	“Oh, I’m sorry.” Suddenly some wine was spilt on Matt’s shoulder. A good-looking woman hurried to wipe the stain when he was about to lose his temper.
	She looked a little bit like Amy and kept apologizing for it. Her red cheeks looked cute somehow.
	“Do you know how much it is worth?” Matt decided to tease her, out of being bored.
	“No. But it must be very expensive. I can’t replace it.” She looked very panic and her cheeks were getting redder. Although she wore a common maid uniform, it looked decent in her.
	“So, what are you gonna do to make for it? The stain can’t be washed away and I just bought it. You should make some compensation for it, shouldn’t you?” he said.
	“What’s your name? What do you do here?” He was kind of interested in her because he was really bored.
	“My name is Marian Wood and I’m Allen’s nanny.” She said timidly.
	Matt picked up her chin. She had a fair, soft and smooth skin. Her delicate face was not striking, but adorable.
	Her nanny uniform was sort of small in size, which shaped her big boobs. This was Matt’s favorite. Being bored with those women who always wore exquisite makeup, he became interested in this delicate woman.
	“A nanny? You must earn little. How about counting on me? I’ll give you much more money than you earn here.” He said in a half-hearted tone.
	“I’m sorry, Sir. I’m poor, but I don’t want to be kept as a mistress. I can count on myself.” Marian said seriously.
	What she said raised his interest. He was surprised by her lofty ideas.
Chapter 381 Facing with Silence
	“You have drawn my attention successfully. If you’re mean to do it, then you make it; if not, you make it, too.” Matt stared at her delicate face and thought she really resembled Amy.
	“I didn’t mean to do it, Sir. I have to go.” Marian was trying to be virtuous and pure. After showing her denial she was off to go.
	Then Matt pulled her hand hard and hugged her with arms.
	“What’s the rush, dear? We haven’t talked a lot. Why don’t you serve me as a nanny? I’ll give you double pay. What do you say?” Matte held her tightly and won’t let her go. He didn’t know why he was so obsessed with her.
	“Let me go! Let me go!” Marian kept struggling and rushed away.
	He looked at her figure from behind with interest. Though he was not treated as a special guest here, he got an unexpected harvest.
	The top prize has been announced. It was a beautiful diamond, worthy millions of dollars. The winner was very excited. Only the Carters could afford to prepare such a valuable gift in a birthday party.
	The party ended and all the guests enjoyed themselves here.
	Amy and Richard, after seeing the guests off, asked Dexter what had happened then.
	Dexter reported what he knew from Finnley. It turned out that someone had been meant to spoil Richard’s birthday party. Who would it be? William or Hadrian? They were the prime suspects.
	“We are not sure who it was, but we had a successful party today, and didn’t suffer anything except that Finnley was injured. Why don’t you look after her there?” Amy was mean to set up Dexter and Finnley.
	“I drove her to the hospital for bandage, then took her to her home. But she didn’t allow me to get in, so I had to come back. Perhaps she was not used to getting close with other people.” Dexter was a gentleman and he would do anything Finnley didn’t like. Since she didn’t want to expose her identity as a girl, he wouldn’t force her to.
	“I must thank her. Lucky thing she caught it early enough. By the way, Richard, someone left a message to me and I thought it were a prank. It’s true that someone knows well anything we did and what we’re doing.” Amy was confused that how that person sent the message to her.
	“Tall trees catch more wind. We’re very much in love, so someone must envy and hate us.” Richard made up a simple reason to relieve Amu’s worry.
	“Well, maybe.” Amy knew his purpose, so she faked an agreement with him.
	The explosion was reported by all the media, so it couldn’t be concealed. The guests who participated in the party were still little shake up. It turned out that they had been deceived by Amy, who told them it was just firework for birthday.
	And it was reported by many minor media that Richard must have offended someone, so the explosion was arranged in his birthday party.
	In the face of the canard, Richard and Amy made no reply. Their silence seemed to be a slap on the face of their opponents.
	Richard’s birthday party was reported every day in order to push Amy and Richard to the forefront of public opinions and force them to make a reply for it. After all, they deceived the guests that the explosion was fireworks.
	However, they insisted on keeping silent about it no matter how intense the report was. Over time the media lost their interest in it. Their lasting reports equaled a punch on cotton, which was useless.
	“Richard, let’s see Finnley. I’m worried about her despite that she kept telling me that she was fine. If it were true, she wouldn’t come to see me in the past days.” Finnley would come to Amy’s home as long as she was in R City, but this time she didn’t. She always said everything was alright every time Amy called her.
	“Alright, just go there on behalf of our family. Tell me anytime you need any help. But I think her brother would help her if she was in trouble.” Richard took Amy to his lap.
	“OK. I have to prepare for it. Come back earlier tonight, and I’ll cook your favorite spring rolls.” Amy kissed him on the cheek as she said. The kiss delighted him and turned him on. If it were not for the maids in the living room, he would have her right there.
	“OK, I promise I will, but you have to satiate me.” Richard said in a flirting tone.
	Amy knew what he was thinking. She stroked his nose as a reply.
	After dressing up quickly, Amy went out. She bought many gifts for Finnley. When she arrived at the gate, she heard some noise from inside.
	“Mom, where are my trousers?” Finnley limped downstairs on a stick and asked Faustina, who was sitting in the living room.
	“I threw them away. I bought some dresses for you. Pick one of them to wear.” Faustina was reading a fashion magazine and didn’t even look up.
	“Mom! Could you ask me first before you make decisions for me? You’re always bossing me around. My life has been planned by you. How can I live?” Finnley said loudly. She was really angry when she opened her wardrobe, only to find colorful dresses.
	“Just live as my plan. What’s the matter?” Faustina looked up and stared at her confusedly, as if she had heard something interesting.
	“But I’m nearly thirty. Can you give me some space and freedom?” Finnely was driven to be crazy by her mother. She did anything as she liked and never cared about what Finnely really liked.
	“I didn’t give you freedom? You said you wanted to live alone, so I bought the villa for you and I seldom come here to live with you. I think I’ve given you enough space. Since you know you’re gonna be thirty, how could I not worry about you?” Faustina didn’t think she was wrong.
Chapter 382 Finnley’s House
	Amy heard Finnley and Faustina arguing. Standing at the gate with gifts, she wondered if it was appropriate to go in now.
	Faustina whipped round and saw Amy when she finished talking. She looked over the girl, who has refreshing cropped hair, wore a black cashmere overcoat, without any makeup.
	“Are you looking for Finnley?” Faustina asked her.
	“Yes. I’m here to see her.” Amy answered and walked in.
	“Finnley, someone is looking for you.” Faustina turned to say to Finnely, without any expression on her face.
	“Amy?” Finnley was very surprised to see Amy. She had never expected Amy would come here to see her.
	“Come on in. Sit here. I’m so tired.” Finnley hailed Amy to sit beside her and made up an excuse to conceal her injury.
	“OK. Is this your mother?” Amy put the gifts down and asked.
	“Yes, this is my mom, Faustina.” Finnley introduced her mother to Amy.
	“Hello, Faustina.” Amy greeted Faustina very politely.
	“Uh huh.” Faustina grunted as an answer. She was a bit cold and distant, even to Finnely’s friend. She didn’t think Finnley would have any friends, so she was wondering how this girl could make friends with Finnley.
	“My mom is cold outside, but passionate inside. She’s an excellent mother.” Finnley would spare Faustina’s feeling in front of others despite that she had a lot of complaints about her.
	“Humph.” Faustina, showing little kindness, continued reading magazine. What she hoped was Finnley didn’t make her angry.
	“Nora, get Mrs. Carter a cup of tea.” Finnely bade her maid.
	“What brings you here, Amy? I told you I’m fine. I just wanna have a rest.” Finnley said.
	“I know. I’m here to see what your house looks like. I want to redecorate my house and I have no idea about it, so I decide to see different decoration styles.” Amy knew that Finnley was competitive and she had never mentioned her injury.
	So, Amy decided to make up an excuse.
	“Your house is beautiful enough. I don’t think you need to redecorate it. It’s a mess here and my house is simply and casually decorated.” Finnley thought Amy’s house was very beautiful. Most of the credit for it should go to Richard.
	“You’re being humble. Your house is very beautiful. Did you design it?” Amy looked around Finnley’s living room, whose decoration was elegant and luxury. But it seemed not to be Finnley’s style.
	“No, my mother did.” Finnley pointed at Faustina, who was reading the magazine all the time.
	Faustina, reading intently, seemed not to hear them.
	“I think it’s very classic and special. It’s great.” Amy looked around again.
	In fact, Faustina was pretending not to hear them. She was very happy to be praised. She was a cute little woman deep inside.
	Finnely, however, became speechless. She didn’t like the decoration at all. The house was bought for her but the decoration was in the charge of Faustina. Living here made no difference with living in her past house, except that she didn’t see Faustina every day.
	“Amy, do you find out who caused the explosion? It’s really annoying to see media’s fabrication every day.” Finnley murmured to Amy.
	“No, Richard is investigating it, but no result. Thank you, Finnley. Dexter said if it were not you, all of us would die.” Amy lowered her voice.
	Faustina couldn’t hear anything as they were murmuring, so she stood up and left the room.
	“Amy, I suspect the nanny you employed recently. If she is innocent, she must be out of her mind. She had me under the gun to take the package in. Wasn’t she treating herself as the hostess?” Recalling what happened that day, Finnely gave Amy a warning.
	“I know. I keep her for some reason.” Amy’s got her own plan.
	“Well, Good you know. But is it too dangerous to keep such a person in your house?” Finnley couldn’t understand what Amy wanted to do.
	“It’s better to have her around, because I can keep an eye on her.” Amy spoke out her own idea.
	“Oh, I got it. You’re right.” Finnley understood her.
	They talked for a long time until Faustina brought a plate of fruits over and put it on the table.
	“Have some fruits.” She left, leaving a word.
	“Finnley, I think your mom is very sweet.” Amy noticed the tension between Finnley and Faustina.
	“Well, not too bad. I don’t have to worry about money at least.” Finnley said tonelessly. She didn’t want to say much about a mom who raised her as a boy.
	“Well, since you look good, I think you can come back to work soon. I have to go.” Amy looked at her grimace and smiled. She didn’t think there was anything wrong with Faustina at least for now. Perhaps there was something that Finnley couldn’t get over with.
	“Have a dinner here. You have never tasted the meals my mother cooks. She must be cooking now. She cooks well.” Finnley asked Amy to stay longer.
	Growing up, Finnley had never had any close friends, and no friends came to her house, either. Amy was the first one and she is also the first one who Faustina didn’t take a dislike to.
	“Really? Great. I want to have a taste of your mom’s food.” Amy felt a sudden urge to know more about the relationship between Finnley and Faustina.
Chapter 383 The New Nanny Is Good
	“Don’t eat fat. Eat more fish and crayfish.” Faustina took control of what Finnley ate even in food. Finnley was so annoyed that she didn’t want to eat any more.
	“Mom, does Dad call you back? When are you gonna go back?’
	“When your injury heals. Don’t drive me away.” Faustina didn’t fall for it.
	What Faustina did almost drove Finnley crazy.
	“My mom is the same. She’ll let me eat less of what I like when she thinks they’re unhealthy. Finnley, eat some fish. Amy thought Finnley and Faustina were interesting.”
	Faustina was so bossy that Finnley not only rarely felt her care and love, but also disliked her.
	Finnley took the fish. In fact, she liked fish, but she had a reverse psychology that she didn’t eat anything Faustina wanted her to eat.
	Faustina didn’t say anything more. Amy kept putting more food to Finnley and much of them were Finnley’s favorite, so she ate more today. Actually, she always had a good appetite.
	After dinner, Faustina asked Finnley to eat some fruits, but Finnley ignored her.
	“Well, I’m off to go. You cook really well, Faustina. Let Finnley go to my house and taste the meals my mother cooks another day. My brother is also good at cooking, though he is bad at painting.” Amy made an invitation to Finnley before she left.
	Amy received a call from Richard when she left Finnley’s house. He said it was a little clearer over the explosion and they should analyze well.
	Amy drove to home and Richard had been waiting for her in the living room.
	“Any good news?” Amy was eager to know who did this to them.
	“Lucy has found out that the delivery man received the package from a man in a deserted factory. According to the description of delivery man, the man was Hadrian. Hadrian gave him a hundred thousand dollars and asked him to hide away after the delivery. Driven by the lure of money, the delivery man did what he had asked to do.” Richard made a brief description.
	“Then where is the delivery man now? We have found him for so long.” Amy thought the delivery man was an excellent hider.
	“He ran to a remote town. I have sent someone to there, but they didn’t find Hadrian. He must have heard something and ran away ahead of time.” Hadrian was the president of the Field Group and he had strong connections, so it’s not easy to deal with him.
	“It doesn’t surprise me at all. He couldn’t be waiting for us to catch him. We can find another opportunity. Richard, I find that Finnley and her mom, Faustina, are very interesting. It turns out that all parents treat their children in a different way.” Amy was amused when she recalled the interaction between them.
	“Of course. Darling, I heard that the new nanny is good. Allen seems to like her very much.” Richard changed the subject suddenly.
	“Oh, that’s good. I was afraid that he wouldn’t like her.” Amy didn’t know what Richard meant to mention the nanny, but she still followed his talk
	Someone walked in before they finished talking.
	“Mr. Carter, Mrs. Carter, I’ve prepared some fruits, would you like to have a taste?” Marian came in with a plate of mangosteens.
	“Put it down. By the way, where’re you from? I don’t know anything about your family. We will make a full check of every staff’s family.” Amy let Marian sit down and talked with her.
	“Mrs. Carter, I’m a native of R City. I was born into a poor family in the suburbs. My parents prefer boys to girls, so they asked girls to work to earn money for my brother’s wedding.” Marian bowed her head, looking very upset.
	“How many people in your family?” Amy asked.
	“About a dozen. I have two sisters and two brothers. I’m the third girl. My sister has got married but my brother hasn’t. We sisters worked to earn money for the marriages of my brothers’.” Marian made a full account of her family.
	It seemed that there wasn’t anything wrong. The address was the same with her ID.
	“No wonder you worked so hard. We’re very satisfied with you. We’ll raise you if you work well.” Amy expressed her satisfaction to Marian.
	Marian sighed with relief, and she was also satisfied with her answer. Giving a glimpse of Amy and Richard, she didn’t notice anything wrong.
	She had been eavesdropping behind the living room. Because Amy and Richard talked in a very low voice and she hid a little far away from then, she didn’t hear much but something about Hadrian.
	“You can go now.” Amy asked her to leave.
	“Mrs. Carter, can I ask for a three-day leave this month?” Marian didn’t go right away because she wanted to ask for leave.
	“Well, no problem and remember get the salary this month.” Amy was a good boss.
	“OK, thank you, Mrs. Carter.” Marian left after showing her gratefulness. She didn’t expect Amy to be so innocent as before.
	“Let’s have a rest upstairs.” Richard took Amy to upstairs.
	Marian left from Richard’s villa with her package and walked straight to her destination.
	“What a coincidence!” Matt pulled over when he saw Marian, who was walking along the road.
	When hearing it, Marian gave a glance at Matt and continued walking on.
	Ignored by her, Matt got off his car and caught her.
	Marian wore a white T-shir and jeans. It was a little cold in early spring, but the clothes shaped her body.
	It reminded Matt of the first time he met Amy.
	Amy wore the similar clothes then, young and active, and stood before him as a goddess.
Chapter 384 Old Classmates
	When Matt saw Marian, he was reminded of how he looked when he saw Amy back then. Plus the fact that Marian had a face similar to Amy's, which left him completely dumbfounded.
	"Let go of me. I have to go!" Matt didn't know how long he would have looked at her again if Marian hadn't made a sound.
	He had a purpose for wooing Amy back then. But Amy was so beautiful with great self-respect that he never got her, so that became a pain in his heart.
	"Come on, get in the car!" Matt pulled Marian and got into the car.
	"Let go of me. Let go of me!" Marian struggled, but she was not as strong as Matt. He simply picked her up and shoved her into the back seat of the car.
	Matt locked the car door. He went around to the front and got in the car, then drove off.
	There was a moment of complacency on Marian's face, but it soon disappeared. She was still struggling in the back.
	"If you make any more noise, I'm going to fuck you in the car!" Matt threatened her.
	Sure enough, Marian stopped struggling and sat meekly in the back of the car.
	When they arrived at their destination, Matt spotted Marian crying in a whisper. No wonder she had been so quiet in the car earlier.
	"Get out of the car," Matt said to Marian.
	Marian lifted her pretty little face while she had pearls of tears on her face, which was heartbreaking to see.
	"Where are you taking me? I want to go home. I have the day off and I want to go back to see my family." Marian spoke timidly.
	"I'm just treating you to a meal. I'll send you back when we're done eating, how about that? You just don't cry." Matt thought she looked beautiful when she cried, and she looked a lot like Amy anyhow.
	"You won't rape me? I'm a girl from the countryside, and I take some things very seriously." Marian wiped the tears from her eyes.
	"Of course not. What do you take me for?" Matt had the urge to fuck Marian, but at this point, he couldn't seem to do it again.
	"Oh," Marian responded before getting out of the car.
	A man wouldn't cherish a woman who was easy for him to get. It was better to have a little mystery between a man and a woman.
	Matt went to pull Marian, who subconsciously withdrew her hand. But Matt insisted and took her hand in his. Although this woman claimed she was from the countryside, her hands were nevertheless tender and smooth.
	"What did you find out just now when you followed her?" Amy asked Otto.
	"Marian is very strange today. It was so cold, yet she was wearing very little. But she soon met Matt after she went out, and Matt forcefully pulled her into the car." Otto said to Amy, but he didn't say what Marian was wearing.
	"I noticed that day that she seemed to be intentionally trying to mess with Matt. It was really the same today. That path is the one Matt must take every day. She is really cunning. But why is she interested in Matt?" Amy muttered to herself. She just didn't understand why Marian would be interested in Matt.
	"I'll check it out then, Mrs. Carter," Otto said to Amy.
	"No need. You're no good at checking this either. Otto, go to this place and see if there is such a daughter in this family, and by the way, see what the family's situation is." Amy gave out an address and asked Otto to check it out.
	"Okay, I'll be right there." Otto took the note and went out.
	Amy had chosen three assistants and Dalton let Amy lead them directly. Finnley was still recovering from her injury and the other two were doing very well.
	Amy thought that she hadn't spent any time with her mum for a long time, so she gave Eliana a call.
	When she received the call from her daughter, Eliana was happy. She was afraid that Amy would lose her mind after she got out of prison, but now she seemed to be in a good mood.
	The two of them arranged to go shopping in the afternoon, and Eliana was overjoyed when Amy asked her to buy her new clothes.
	Eliana had given Amy up to Stephen when she was a child, and she always felt she owed her. Now she could be with Amy, but she didn’t lack for anything, causing her to be unable to make it up to her if she wanted to. Today Amy actually took the initiative and asked her to buy her clothes, so how could Eliana not be happy?
	When the time came, Amy went out. She had changed into a light camel-colored jacket, but still wore all black inside. However, she had slowly become more comfortable with brightly colored clothes than when she had just returned from France.
	When she met Eliana, she noticed the striking similarity in the clothes they were wearing. Eliana was also wearing a camel-colored jacket, but in a darker shade.
	"Still going to the shop you like?" Eliana said to her daughter.
	"Whatever. I'll wear whatever you like to buy me." After coming home from Finnley's, Amy decided that it wasn't easy to be a mother, so today she was going to be a good girl.
	"Okay, then let's see what I've chosen for you." Eliana was also a rather strong woman, but she did respect her daughter. When Amy asked her to help her choose today, of course, she was more than willing to do so.
	Eliana took Amy to a shop she liked and helped Amy choose her clothes.
	"Eliana!" Someone called out to Eliana as they were having a good time shopping.
	Eliana turned around and saw Faustina standing behind her. She turned around in a flash and hugged Faustina.
	"We haven't seen each other for a long time. How are you?" The two of them spoke the words almost simultaneously.
	"Quite well, quite well. But God is so unfair. Why are you still so young and beautiful?" Both were quite happy as they looked at each other who was still beautiful.
	"And this is?" Faustina asked Eliana, pointing at Amy.
	"My daughter!" Eliana said proudly.
	"She's your daughter? Oh my God!" It was such a small world, wasn’t it? Faustina wanted to say.
	"Yeah, what's wrong? It's not like something is going on between you two, is there?" Eliana took Faustina's hand. Both of them were beauties at the University of R City at the time. But after Eliana left the country, the two of them hadn't seen each other for a long time.
	"No. Besides, your daughter is so clever, it's not easy to get her to offend me. Hahaha." Faustina looked at Amy and laughed.
	It turned out that this girl was the daughter of her old classmate. It was so funny.
	Listening to Faustina praise her daughter, Eliana was a little proud of herself. Her daughter was indeed very good, but it was a completely different story coming from someone else's mouth.
	"Faustina, how are your children doing?" Eliana asked Faustina.
Chapter 385 Faustina's Distress
	Eliana asked how Faustina's children were doing while Faustina sighed. Her son was such a playboy and her daughter was so indifferent that she was a little embarrassed to talk about it.
	"Uh, they're fine!" Faustina said indifferently, but then she said to Eliana.
	"Eliana, let me treat you guys to lunch. We haven't seen each other for a long time. Let's get together today." Faustina took Eliana's hand and wouldn't let go.
	They had graduated decades ago, and both had their own families and children, and their chances of seeing each other were few. Classmates who used to have an average relationship now felt particularly close to each other when they met.
	"Yes, that’s all right. But we'll have to shop a bit longer. I need to buy some clothes for my daughter!" Eliana said to Faustina. But after she had finished, Faustina became even more envious. When would she and Finnley be able to do the same with each other!
	"I'm so jealous of you, and that you can buy clothes for your daughter. The thing I envy most is that your daughter is willing to wear the clothes you buy. My daughter totally doesn't wear the things I buy!" Faustina felt that she was such a failure as a mother.
	"Auntie, you can buy what she likes, then she'll wear it." At this time, Amy suddenly spoke up.
	"I don't know what she likes. Besides, the clothes she's wearing don't look good. I think girls are supposed to dress nicely, but she makes herself look like a man. The most annoying thing is that she also got the gender of one of her ID cards as male. How could I not be angry?" Faustina didn't know what she had done wrong. She was doing it for the good of her daughter, but her daughter had always treated her like a stepmother.
	"Auntie, let's go and choose clothes later. I'll help you choose for Finnley, and she'll definitely wear it." Amy assured Faustina.
	"Really? That's great. I just want her to wear the clothes I bought!" Faustina was happy when she heard that. It would be so nice if her daughter actually wore the clothes she bought.
	So the three women started a new round of shopping. They first bought a whole bunch of clothes for Amy, and Eliana didn't even frown when she paid for them. As long as it was something her daughter liked, she was willing to pay as much as she could.
	Then, Amy took Faustina to a shop. The clothes in this shop were all a little more unisex and looked good on both men and women.
	"Aunty, you're supposed to want Finnley to wear the clothes you bought now, right? Then you need to buy the style she likes first. We can change her little by little. If you try to change her all at once, she won't be able to stand it." Amy suggested Faustina.
	"That's right. Children have their own opinions when they grow up, and we can't force our ideas on them." Eliana echoed.
	Eliana and Faustina weren't just pretty girls who couldn't do anything when they were at the University of R City. They were both beautiful and intelligent. Besides, those who could get into the University of R City were exceptional. So both of them were stronger!
	"Then I'll try to change myself. Amy, just help me out." Faustina felt as if she had gone a little too far in the past, and she was willing to change hers for the sake of her daughter.
	Amy then walked Faustina around the shop, and Faustina thought the clothes here were still very nice. The clothes were all rather unisex, but they still looked very feminine too. She chose a few clothes and had Amy take a look at them again. As long as Amy thought it was okay too, she bought it. Amy told her to try out two outfits for Finnley first. If Finnley liked it, she could buy more for her in the future in the same style.
	After the shopping was done, the three of them went to lunch.
	"My daughter has been exceptionally clever since she was a child. I didn't study finance back then, and I always felt a bit disadvantaged, so I let her go into it. In the future, whether she opens her own company or is in the Carr family's company, she won't be at a disadvantage." Faustina took the initiative to talk about her daughter as they waited for the food.
	"Yes, Finnley is very smart. But I feel as if there's some kind of misunderstanding between you two, isn't there?" Amy didn't beat around the bush either. She didn't want Finnley to have any misunderstanding about her mother either. In her opinion, Faustina loved Finnley very much.
	"I don't know. I think of everything for her and I don't bother with her brother. After all, he's a boy, and he was born in the Carr Group, so he can always take care of himself. All my attention is on Finnley because I love her. But she secretly went to check if I was her real mother and thought I didn't know, which really broke my heart." Faustina felt really aggrieved when she said this.
	"Hey, we really don't know what's going on in the child's heart!" Eliana comforted Faustina.
	"I let her learn martial arts. She's not ugly and she's a girl. If she doesn't protect herself, what if she gets bullied later? She looks thin, but her blood lipids are a bit high, so I don't let her eat fatty meat, but she loves it! Every time she eats, I will have a fight with her. She won't wear any of the dresses I buy for her. Luckily, she is willing to eat the food I cook!" Faustina couldn't stop talking once she started the conversation.
	Faustina was a straightforward person, but no one listened to her complaints. Even when she talked to her husband, he just said the children were young and had no idea of what was going on, leaving her with no one to talk to.
	Today she met her old classmate and what made Faustina want to talk the most was that Amy was Finnley's friend. She wanted to speak up and ask Amy to help her out. How much she loved Finnley and how hurt she was!
	"Aunty, did Finnley like what you had arranged for her?" Amy was a mother too, and she could feel it.
	"She's still young, so of course I have to make the decisions for her." Faustina said.
	"Finnley is a very opinionated person. She doesn't really like to be restrained." Amy politely reminded Faustina of the need to give her daughter some freedom.
	"I am not restraining her. She can go wherever she wants, and I bought her a house when she said she wanted to live alone. What else do you think I have to do?" Faustina was completely oblivious to her mistake.
	"Auntie, how about this, when Finnley wants to do something, you don't point her in the right direction. When she finds out she's wrong, she'll naturally think you're right." Amy gave Faustina an idea.
	"But I can't bear to see her suffer. Nevertheless, your method is good. I'll try it when I get back." The meal was finished with a discussion of Finnley. Faustina also invited Amy to visit Finnley's home regularly.
	"Okay, I'll visit Finnley as often as I can. Bye, Auntie!" Amy said goodbye to Faustina.
	"I didn't even expect Finnley to be Faustina's daughter. I thought she was really a boy!" Eliana said to Amy on their way back.
Chapter 386 My Daughter Finally Liked It
	“Finnley, look what I bought you?” squealed Faustinaexcitedly before she even entered the house.
	Finnley wasn’t interested. Her mother had done this many times. The things her mother bought for her filled up an entire room in the villa but Finnley never wore them. Even so, her mother would continue buying them.
	“Finnley, I bought you some clothes, take a look at it.” Faustina walked towards Finnley with shopping bags in her hand. She put the shopping bags down and took out one of the clothes she bought today and showed it to Finnley as if she was showing her daughter something precious.
	“Finnley, take a look. Do you like it?” Faustina’s eyes were filled with longing.
	Finnley didn’t look up. She glanced briefly and saw a black shirt. She didn’t think that her mother would buy something according to her taste.
	Faustina didn’t get angry even though her daughter was ignoring her. She walked over and put the shirt right under Finnley’s eyes.
	“I bought this shirt today according to your taste in clothes,” said Faustina all pleased. Her well-maintained and nice-looking face was glowing attractively.
	Finnley didn’t have a choice. She glanced at the shirt and she really liked the style. She then reached out her hand and grabbed the shirt. She looked at the pants in her mother’s hand, it was also the style that she liked. Why did her mother have a sudden change of heart?
	“Mom, did you hit your head? Are you okay?” It had been almost 30 years. Finnley could never imagine her mother doing something according to what she liked.
	“No, I’m fine. I took all my medications today,” said Faustina jokingly.
	“I bought one more set, take a look at them as well. I’ll return them if you don’t like them,” said Faustina as she took out another set of clothes.
	Finnley looked at the clothes on her mother’s hand. Both sets looked good and they suited her.
	“What do you think?” The longing in Faustina’s eyes became intense.
	“It’s fine!” Finnley didn’t want to praise her mother too much. Otherwise, she didn’t know what to expect from her mother in the future.
	“Wow, that’s great! Try them on when you’re free and show me.” After hearing what her daughter said, how Faustina felt right now was indescribable.
	“Alright!” promised Finnley. She folded the clothes and put them next to her legs.
	“I’ll hang it up for you!” Faustina was as happy as a child who got some candies, seeing that her daughter liked the clothes that she got for her. She grabbed the two sets of clothes and went upstairs to Finnley’s room.
	Finnley stared at her mother’s back. It was odd, was her mother possessed by something? Why did she become so understanding all of a sudden?”
	In her memories, her mother was strict with her since she was a child. She was very lenient towards her brother, Kingsley. She didn’t force him to do things as she would to her. Her childhood was ruined by her mother. She was turning 30 and she had never played in a sandbox before.
	No matter what she did, she had to follow her mother’s wish. She would get scolded and labelled as a disobedient child if she did something against her mother’s will, even if it was something small.
	This family made Finnley felt like she was suffocating. Luckily, her mother didn’t disagree with her when she said that she wanted to move out and live alone.
	“Finnley, what do you like to eat?” Faustina came downstairs after putting away the clothes. She sat in front of her daughter and asked her unwittingly.
	“Me?” Finnley stared at her mother. She had never asked about what she liked to eat. She would cook whatever she wanted and Finnley had to eat them even if she didn’t like it.
	“Yeah.” Faustina knew vaguely about what her daughter liked, but there was a lot of things that she still didn’t know.
	“I like to eat fried chicken and anything roasted, I also like to drink beer!” Finnley listed foods and drinks that her mother wouldn’t normally let her eat.
	Faustina didn’t say anything. She listened quietly, stood up and walked away.
	Finnley thought that her mother was angry. She felt happy. Her mother always limited her food choices and only now asked about her favourite food, Finnley listed the food that she always wanted to eat but was never allowed to. She also did that to spite her mother.
	A servant brought out a plate of fruits. There was durian on it, Finnley’s favourite fruit! Finnley liked to eat durian but her mother always said that it stank and would never let her eat.
	But there was actually durian on the fruit plate. Finnley was surprised.
	“Who bought this? Take it outside right now, otherwise, my mother would scold you guys if she saw this!” Finnley quickly told the servant to take the durian outside so that they wouldn’t get scolded.
	“Madam bought this, she said you liked to eat this,” replied the servant instead, they didn’t seem to have the intention to throw the durian out.
	“What’s my mother doing right now?” Finnley took a spoonful and ate the durian, it had been too long since she had something so good.
	“Madam is cooking right now,” answered the servant as they continued to stand there.
	“Okay, you guys can leave.” Finnley made them go away and enjoyed her durian.
	Whenever Faustina came over, she would make her food. Finnley liked her mother’s cooking, her mother would make her food no matter how tired she was.
	But Finnley never realized that. She was traumatized by her childhood memories and didn’t realize what her mother did for her.
	“Mom, are you sure you’re okay?” Finnley looked at the table and saw fried chicken and roasted fish. She never would have thought that one day she would see such dishes on the dining table in her house.
	“Yeah, I’m pretty sure I’m okay!” Faustina wanted to take out the bones in the fish for Finnley. She pondered briefly and didn’t do it. She thought that she was too overprotective of her child and pushed her too much at times.
	But she still couldn’t help but grabbed the part of the fish that had fewer bones and gave it to Finnley.
	Finnley enjoyed the roasted fish. Her mother never let her eat something like that, but her mother still cooked it very well.
	“Ah, there are some bones.” Finnley got poked by some fish bones while eating.
	Faustina wanted to stand up and help her, but she sat down after giving it some thoughts.
	“Can someone bring some vinegar over?” Faustina told the servant to bring some vinegar to Finnley to melt the fish bones.
	A servant brought some vinegar over. Finnley drank a few sips and her mouth felt much better.
	She never knew that fish had so many bones. She then realized that her mother was always the one who deboned the fish beforehand and hence the fish she ate never had bones in them.
	“Try to get the bones out before you eat,” said Faustina to Finnley.
	Finnley didn’t want to believe that she couldn’t live without her mother. She grabbed a piece of fish and put it in her bowl. She started the pick out the bones.
	She really never knew that fish had so many bones. After a long time, her neck got tired and she felt like she finally got all the bones out. She then put it in her mouth and only then she realized there were still bones in the fish. Her throat got scratch!
Chapter 387 Faustina’s Change
	“Mom, a bone got stuck in my throat.” Finnley was coughing and her face flushed. Faustina got really worried.
	She quickly gave Finnley a sip of vinegar, and then made the family doctor come over to check on Finnley.
	The doctor hurriedly rushed over and checked Finnley’s throat. It wasn’t too bad and not too serious as it was only a small bone. He used a pair of tweezers to get it out.
	“Madam, it’s done.” The doctor managed to get the bone out and Finnley felt alive again.
	“Finnley, how are you feeling?” asked Faustina worriedly.
	“I’m fine, it’s all good. I felt like I was dying though, it was annoying. I wouldn’t eat fish ever again!” said Finnley angrily. She never knew that fish was such a troublesome food. She glanced at her mother after she said that.
	“Okay, then we will never buy fish ever again.” Faustina held herself back and answered casually.
	After the meal, Faustina didn’t make Finnley eat fruits and simply went back to her room to rest. Finnley thought that her mother was acting very differently today, she even felt like a stranger.
	Finnley went upstairs with her clutch and opened the door to her mother’s room slightly. Her mother was really resting on the bed. Finnley closed the door back softly.
	But Faustina knew that Finnley was there. Amy told her to let Finnley have a life of her own, and hence Faustina pretended not to notice Finnley.
	Throughout the day, Faustina was rather cold towards Finnley. She never asked Finnley to do things according to her will anymore.
	She would make whatever Finnley wanted to eat and wouldn’t prepare it for her. She wanted Finnley to learn how to do things on her own.
	Finnley was a bit flustered. Her mother used to do everything for her and she used to think that her mother was overprotective. Now she realized that there was a lot that she didn’t know, ever since her mother stopped caring.
	“Mom, I want to drink some alcohol,” said Finnley to Faustina during supper.
	“What do you want to drink? Just make the servant bring you something.” Faustina didn’t say no.
	Red wine was brought over and Finnley had a glass. Normally, she would have a few glasses when Faustina didn’t let her drink. But she only felt like having one glass, because her mother let her drink.
	During the night, Finnley thought about how much her mother had changed and was terrified. She called Amy and told her about her mother’s change. She wondered if her mother hit her head.
	“Maybe she thinks that you’re all grown up and realizes that she’s overprotective. She decided to let go, I guess.” Amy knew why Faustina suddenly had a change of heart, but she would never tell Finnley.
	“Amy, I feel so conflicted. I used to think that my mom is annoying back then when she’s being overprotective. I didn’t like it at all. But now when she stopped caring that much, I felt dispirited.” Finnley thought that she might be crazy as well.
	Don’t feel that way, you’re just used to her taking care of your every need. Not only her, your servants as well. Well, maybe you’re not ready to live on your own yet!” Amy hit where it hurt for Finnley.
	Finnley got quiet. She didn’t want to believe that she couldn’t live the life she wanted on her own. Since she was young, she excelled in everything. Nothing scared her.
	“Then I must make myself ready for it!” Finnley thought that she needed to leave her mother and learn how to live on her own. Otherwise, she would be dependant on her forever.
	“That’s great. If you can do so, then your mother wouldn’t have to nag you so much.” Amy didn’t want to pour cold water on Finnley, she encouraged her instead to try to be independent.
	The next day, Finnley put on the clothes that her mother bought her. She liked the clothes her mother bought her this time. She looked at herself in the mirror and was content. She then walked out of her room and saw Faustina. She was about to leave and was grabbing her handbag.
	“Mom, where are you going?” Finnley asked Faustina puzzledly. Normally, she wouldn’t leave until Finnley forced her to.
	“I need to go home, your grandfather is not feeling well. You should stay home and rest,” said Faustina. She then left in a rush.
	Back then, she would nag Finnley for a long time and give the servants many orders in advance. But she left very simply today.
	Finnley didn’t feel relieved after Faustina left. She reflected and thought that maybe she was not very nice back then.
	“Miss, what would you like for breakfast?” asked a servant.
	“Noodles. Put more chilli in it.” Now that her mother had left, she could eat all the chilli she wanted. If Faustina was here, she wouldn’t let her eat too much spice.
	“Okay,” said the servant. They prepared the food as she wished.
	Finnley finished a spicy bowl of noodles and felt relaxed all over.
	Her leg was recovering well. She had a healthy body and hence her recovery time was short.
	“I’m going out today and I’m not coming back for lunch,” said Finnley to the servant. She was going to meet Amy.
	She drove her Land Rover and arrived at Amy’s place. She was still Amy’s assistant. Amy was still paying her and hence she didn’t plan to resign.
	“Finnley, why are you here? Are you fully recovered?” Finnley called Amy yesterday and suddenly she was here at her place.
	“Nothing much, I’m almost fully recovered. It’s just that my mother thinks that I’m not fully recovered yet and wants me to stay at home. But I’m bored to death at home, that’s why I come to see you.” Finnley walked into the room. Amy wanted to help her but Finnley rejected her help.
	“I just visited you not long ago. Did you miss me already? Haha, did you miss me that much? Or did something happen between you and your mother yesterday? Why did you call me so late in the night? I actually thought something happened to you!” Amy poured Finnley a glass of water. They sat on the sofa and had a friendly conversation.
	“Amy, do you know that I’m a girl?” Finnley noticed that Amy was treating her very nicely. She would be touchy with her at times without hesitation. Women always had good intuition, Finnley believed that Amy knew about her gender.
	“Yeah, I already knew that you’re a girl since your first day at the Newell Group,” said Amy, she didn’t try to hide it.
	“Hahaha, I failed at hiding it. How did you notice it so quickly? Even my identification card says that I’m a male!” Finnley had two identification cards. One was a national one, one was from overseas. The national one stated that her gender was male.
	“I just look at you and I know. Who cares about the identification card? You’re so pretty and your skin is so soft. A male couldn’t have such nice skin!” Of course, these weren’t the only reasons, but Amy didn’t elaborate.
Chapter 388 Hannah Gives Birth to a Girl
	“Now you know that I’m a girl, do you loathe me?” Finnley looked at Amy. She was sincere.
	“Why do I loathe you? You’re one of the most excellent girls I have met!” Amy held Finnley’s hand. Two girls of a similar age had formed a strong friendship.
	Before they finished their words, Amy received a phone call. She hurriedly nodded her head after picking up the call. She said that she would arrive soon.
	After hanging up, she went outside with Finnley.
	“Come on, I’ll carry you.” Amy carried Finnley who was tall on her back.
	“Put me down. I can walk. I can walk.” Finnley hurriedly asked Amy to put her down but Amy pretended that she did not hear it and carried Finnley to the yard. She drove the car and carried Finnley into the car. Then, they left.
	“Amy, what had happened?” Finnley asked Amy after they got on the car.
	“Hannah is going to give birth soon. She’s in the hospital. Let’s visit her now.” It was Kevin who called her just now.
	“Really? I never see a newborn before. It’s amazing.” Finnley was excited when she knew that she could see a newborn.
	Soon, they arrived at the hospital. Kevin was waiting for them anxiously in front of the doorway of the obstetrics and gynaecology department!
	“How’s it now? Has she gone into the operation room?” Amy asked Kevin.
	“Yea. When she’s at home, the amniotic fluid had come out.” Kevin was calm all the time but he was trembling now.
	“Oh, it’s alright. The amniotic fluid will come out before a woman gives birth. I guess the baby will be delivered soon. However, the date is earlier than the expected date of confinement, right? At least ten days, right?” Amy remembered Hannah’s expected date of confinement. It was a hurry now. She did not have much preparation.
	“Yea, I’m so scared. Amy, I worry that Hannah will suffer, however ...” Although he was scared, he wished to have a child. Hannah loved the child very much.
	“Don’t worry. Every woman will experience that. Furthermore, medical technology nowadays is very advanced. She will be alright.” Amy consoled Kevin.
	Kevin was relieved after being consoled. However, he was still nervous.
	“Who is the family member of the puerpera? The baby is a bit out of position, we need to perform a caesarean section immediately, come and sign!” A nurse hurriedly ran out and asked Kevin to sign.
	Kevin was scared when he heard that a caesarean section was going to be performed.
	“Is there any danger?” Kevin was afraid when he heard that an operation was going to be performed.
	“No danger, faster sign, don’t waste the time.” Amy urged Kevin. Kevin hurriedly signed. Soon, Hannah was pushed into the operation room.
	At this time, Kevin was more nervous. He walked back and forth in front of the doorway of the operation room.
	“Amy, I’m very nervous too.” It was Finnley’s first time witnessing people giving birth. Thinking of she would experience this in the future and seeing that Kevin was nervous, she was nervous too.
	“It’s alright. I used to be scared too, but when you’re pregnant, especially when you give birth, you won’t be afraid of anything, instead, you’ll still think it’s worth it.” Amy held Finnley’s hand. Her palm was a little sweaty.
	As both Kevin and Finnley was awaiting anxiously and after three hours, the lamp of the operation room went out.
	The door of the operation room was opened. A nurse brought the baby out. She smiled at Kevin, “Congratulations, it’s a baby girl. She’s pretty.”
	Finnley and Amy walked to the nurse to look at the baby. The baby was small but she had a round face. She had a small nose, a small mouth and small hands. Finnley did not dare to touch the baby.
	Kevin took the baby from the nurse. He did not know what he should say. At this time, he was attracted by his daughter.
	After a while, Hannah was pushed out. She was still in a coma due to the effect of the anaesthetic.
	The nurse picked up the baby and Kevin followed the trolley back to the single room that had been prepared.
	The baby was put inside the small bed beside Hannah’s bed. Hannah and the baby were both sleeping. The scene was extremely heart-warming.
	Kevin sat beside Hannah’s bed. He looked at his wife quietly. Hannah was very quiet and peaceful at the time. Kevin thought that she looked like the Madonna.
	Amy and Finnley kept looking at the baby. Finnley thought that the baby was like a toy.
	“Amy, do you think she’s hungry? How does she know when she has to drink the milk? Can she talk? Will she poo?” Finnley asked many questions and Amy did not know how to answer those questions.
	“She is a person now. Except that she does not know how to talk and walk, her physiology is the same as an adult. She will eat when she is hungry and poo after she eats.” Amy explained to Finnley briefly.
	“Oh, I see.” Finnley then continued looking at the baby. She wanted to give birth to a baby in the future too as she was attracted by the baby.
	“Yea, you will know it after you give birth to a baby.” Amy smiled at Finnley.
	“Yea, I want to have a baby in the future.” Finney did not act coquettishly.
	“Kevin, Kevin, where is our baby?” Hannah woke up and the first thing she did was to look for her baby.
	“The baby is here. The baby is here.” Amy carried the baby and walked to Hannah.
	“Amy, Finnley, you are here too. The baby is so small. She’s not the same as the one in the dramas. The babies in the dramas are all very fat.” Hannah looked at the baby. She did not expect that she was so small.
	“The babies in the dramas are all one-month-old. It’s impossible for a newborn to be that big. However, your baby is considered chubby. She’s 3 kg.” Amy hugged the baby adeptly.
	Mrs. Smith and Mrs. Adams came to the hospital too. When they received the call, the first idea that came to their minds was to prepare soup for Hannah. However, they did not expect that Hannah could not drink the soup as she was having a caesarean section. She could not eat anything temporarily.
	“What? It’s a caesarean? Then, our soups are wasted. Kevin, why don’t you drink the soups?” They asked Kevin to drink the soups after they heard that Hannah could not eat anything.
Chapter 389 A Thrill on the Freeway
	Kevin looked at the two buckets of soups. He was distressed. It was impossible for him to finish them.
	“Mum...” Kevin wanted to say something to them but the two mothers said unanimously, “Drink them. We had prepared them for a few hours. It’s a waste to throw them away.”
	Kevin had no choice but to sit down to drink the soups. It was lucky that he was hungry after waiting for so long.
	“Then we will go back first and visit Hannah tomorrow.” Amy and Finnley were relieved after knowing that Hannah and her baby were safe. They should go back now as they were hungry after coming out for so long.
	“I’ll treat you guys a meal before you go back. I had troubled you guys a lot today.” Kevin put down the thermos bucket. He was so busy that he forgot they had not eaten yet.
	“No need. We will eat after we go back. You are busy. Mrs. Smith and Mrs. Adam, we will leave first. Hannah, take care of yourself. We will visit you tomorrow.” Amy did not let Kevin give them a treat. They left after saying goodbye to the elders.
	“How? You have any idea?” Amy asked Finnley. She knew that she had some ideas as she did not speak for a long time.
	“I want to have a baby. The baby is very cute.” Although Finnley treated herself like a man, she could not help but wished to become a mother after looking at the baby.
	“You can have one too. Get married with a man then you will have one.” Amy teased Finnley.
	“Hey, who will love a woman like me?” Finnley sighed. She did not imagine that she would get married one day. She had prepared herself mentally to live alone for the rest of her life.
	“Finnley, you...” Their car was bumped before Amy could finish her words.
	“Amy, sit still.” Finnley found out that there was a black Jeep bumping her car purposely from the back.
	She stepped on the accelerator and distanced them from the car. The man in the black Jeep wore a black shirt, a black cap and sunglasses. He was trying to camouflage himself.
	The car at the back accelerated too after Finnley accelerated her car. They started to have a car race.
	Finnley’s driving skill was not bad but she was forced by the man to drive to the belt freeway. They were speeding and many car drivers were having a hard time dodging them.
	“What is he?” Amy asked but then she realised her question was funny. So, she took out her phone to call Richard. She told him that she was speeding on the freeway and there was a Jeep chasing her at the back.
	After Richard confirmed Amy’s location, he set off immediately.
	As the body of the Jeep was sturdy, the man was as if he wanted to die together with Amy, he accelerated more and was about to catch up with Amy’s car.
	Finnley was not scared, on the other hand, she thought that it was a thrill. When she was abroad, she loved car racing. Although she did not get any awards, she enjoyed it very much.
	She drove Amy’s Land Rover today. It was not inferior than Jeep. However, she did not want the man to catch up with her and she did not wish to get bumped.
	She accelerated the speed to 200 km per hour. Amy felt that the things outside of the window were flying backwards.
	“Is that Amy’s car?” Kingsley was on the freeway too. Suddenly, he saw a Land Rover speeding and a Jeep followed the car. However, as they drove too fast, he did not manage to see the car plate. He just felt that it was Amy’s car by looking at the colour.
	“Yea, it’s Miss Miller’s car.” The driver had an eagle eye. He saw the car plate.
	“Amy loved to race car? Follow them, I want to see.” Kingsley asked the driver to catch them up.
	“Okay.” The driver agreed and caught them up with a Cayenne.
	“No, if the Jeep is going to bump Amy’s car, we shall follow him and force him to make a stop. If cannot make it, then just bump him!” Kingsley liked Amy. He wanted to give a lesson to the man who bullied Amy.
	The man inside the Jeep put all his attention on the Land Rover in front of him. He wanted to bump the car and killed the persons inside the car.
	When he realised that a Cayenne was following him at the back, the Cayenne had already bumped his car and he was tilted. However, his driving skill was good. He just paused for a moment and then continued to catch up with the car in front of him.
	“Damn, he’s determined. Follow him and continue bumping!” Even though bumping the Jeep using a Cayenne was like hitting a stone with an egg, he still planned to sacrifice for the person he liked.
	Kingsley’s car did not manage to catch up with the Jeep. There was one Bentley coming out from the diagonal direction.
	Seeing that the Jeep had caught up with the Land Rover, the Bentley bumped the Jeep. The Jeep finally came to a stop. The Bentley bumped it with a speed of 300 km per hour and the body of the Jeep was broken. The Bentley was neither better. There was a dent on the front of the car.
	The scene was terrible. Kingsley immediately called the police and stopped his car behind the two cars.
	There was a jam on the freeway which was caused by the two cars.
	Finnley and Amy realised that the Jeep had disappeared. They stopped the car at the rest station. They did not know what had happened as Finnley drove very fast just now.
	Amy’s phone rang. It was Kingsley who called her. She hurriedly picked up the call.
	“Amy, Amy, where are you now? Are you okay?” Kingsley asked Amy.
	“Kingsley, we have arrived in a rest station. Finnley and I are fine. Kingsley, what’s wrong with you?” Amy did not know that Kingsley saw her.
	Kingsley was relieved when he heard that Amy and Finnley were fine. He did not tell Amy about the car accident. He worried that an indelible imprint would be left in her mind.
	“The car had disappeared. He had an accident, right? Are we safe now? I’ll call Richard and ask him not to come.” Amy worried that he would have a car accident when he rushed over to come to her.
	However, no one picked up the call after Amy had called for many times. At last, the phone was switched off.
	“What had happened? Richard does not pick up the call.” Amy looked at her phone and said helplessly.
	“Maybe he did not hear it or maybe something had happened. However, we are fine now. Let’s rest for a while and then go back!” Finnley’s leg started bleeding due to the intense driving.
Chapter 390 Wounded Lover
	By the time going back, it was driven by Amy as Finnley had always liked the challenge of driving cars and she wanted to drive Amy’s Land Rover when she was just out of the hospital. But this time, she no longer insisted as her legs could not work well.
	The road was quiet and both of them didn’t receive any calls along the way and Amy drove back herself after sending Finnley home.
	The house was quiet as if no one was there. After Amy changed her shoes, she called Richard again but the phone was still off. ‘What happened today? Why couldn’t she reach Richard?’
	“You are back, Amy!” Cathy came out of the house.
	“Mum, why is the house quiet as it is still early? What are the servants doing?” Amy looked around as the house was really cold and quiet.
	“I don’t know, Robin called me and asked me to come and look after Allen, he said that the nanny had taken leave and he had to go out for a while so I came. I didn’t see anyone when I came and Allen was sleeping.” Cathy was curious too as she thought it was because of both her son and daughter-in-law had something to do and so asked herself to come over to look after the baby, but now she looked at Amy as if she didn't know anything either.
	There was an ominous feeling rising from Amy’s heart as something might have happened when she thought that she couldn’t reach Richard’s phone and Robin was not at home.
	“Mum, let me call Robin and have an ask.” Amy’s heart was so panicked that she hurriedly called Robin.
	“Robin, where are you?” Amy asked Robin.
	“Mrs. Carter, I am at the hospital.” Robin looked at the lights in the operating room and he had no choice but to tell the truth even though when Mr. Carter was about to faint, he said that not to tell Amy.
	“You are in the hospital? Did something happen to Richard?” Amy couldn’t hold herself back as her legs were trembling as there was nothing she experienced just now today made her so scared.
	“Yes.” Robin replied.
	“Which hospital? I’ll be right there!” Amy asked the last sentence before she turned around to tell Cathy that she was going to the hospital to see Richard and she would report back to Cathy if anything happened.
	Upon hearing that something had happened to her son, she had to let Amy go and see her son while herself waited for the news at home as she needed to take care of Allen.
	Amy’s heart already had an inexplicable panic by the time she called Richard just now and she couldn’t reach him. She was a little suspicious but she thought she might think too much.
	But now something was really wrong and what was happening in the end?
	When Amy arrived at the hospital, Robin was still waiting at the door. Tears flowed down his face when he saw Amy, fortunately, she didn’t see the tragic appearance of Mr. Carter just now, otherwise she would certainly not be able to bear it.
	“Robin, what happened to Richard?” Amy’s heart was worried when she looked at the operating room light.
	“He has a car accident and he has been in the surgery room for two hours.” Robin wiped his tears.
	There was another who already dead and was just sent to the funeral home. Kingsley told that not to let Amy know when he left.
	“Did Richard hit that jeep with his car?” An image appeared in Amy’s head, no wonder the jeep did not catch up again.
	“Hum!” Robin saw Amy had guessed what happened so he could only nod his head.
	“What a fool!” Amy’s tears flowed out, that time should be very dangerous when Richard must be thinking of the easiest way to save herself by crashing the jeep but he did not think that she also did not want him to get injured.
	“Mrs. Carter, don’t cry! Mr. Carter said before not to inform you when he fainted so I didn’t inform you! Please don’t blame me.” When Robin saw Amy crying, he got a little anxious.
	“It’s ok, Robin. It’s not your problem. You may go back and I’ll be fine here, the family can’t live without you!” Amy let Robin go back first as there were still so many things at home and Robin was much more important than herself at home.
	“Alright, then I’ll go back first! Mrs. Carter, take care!” Robin looked at Amy, ‘Mr. Carter was really discerned as he found Mrs. Carter who really treated him well!’
	The surgery lasted seven hours and by the time the lights in the operating room went out, Amy’s legs were numb.
	She then reluctantly stood up after she squeezed her leg and moved again. The door opened and Richard was pushed out.
	His head was wrapped in thick gauze, including his face, only the nose and mouth were outside.
	“Are you the family member of the injured?” The doctor asked as he looked at Amy.
	“Yes, I am his wife!” Amy nodded.
	“Now that he has a surgery to attach all the bones but these three days are his danger period so his life will be in danger at any time. If he can pass these three days, there will be no problem.” The doctor looked at the information he had and said to Amy.
	“What should I do?” Amy asked the doctor.
	“You should not do anything, he is now going into the intensive care unit and you cannot go in either but to guard outside.” The doctor then let Amy know the sequelae after three days.
	“It is that after three days, there is no life threatening but there will also be other sequelae because he is so badly injured that he is possible to become a vegetable and lie in bed for life. Another is that his intelligence might get affected and he may not remember anything or he might have a loss in intelligence.”
	“Well, it doesn’t matter, no matter what he is like, I will take care of him for the rest of his life.” Amy looked at Richard.
	“Alright, we’re going in, you just have to be outside as we have special intensive care for him.” The doctor let Amy take one more look and then pushed Richard inside.
	Amy watched from the window as Richard was lifted onto the hospital bed with tubes all over his body.
	Her tears kept flowing and she wished that the injured person was her at this time. Richard was to save herself and became injured, it was all because of her who put him into this!
	“Richard, it’s me who has caused you, it’s me who has caused you!” Amy was crying outside the window and inside, she hoped that Richard would be fine.
	“Amy, I’m late!” Andy stood behind Amy and his heart was sad too when he saw she was extremely sad.
	“Andy! It’s all my fault, it’s all my fault!” When Amy heard Andy’s voice, she raised her teary eyes and flung herself into Andy’s arms, crying out in pain.
	“It’s not that you harm him, it’s that he loves you too much!” Andy gently patted Amy’s back and comforted her.
Chapter 391 I Must Personally Take Care of Him
	The second he got off the plane, Andy headed for the hospital. He heard the news that Richard was in an accident. He ditched various important meetings just to hurry and come check up on Richard’s status.
	As soon as he arrived at the hospital, he saw Amy’s desolate figure and felt inexplicably sad as well.
	“Amy, you must remain strong. Richard was willing to throw his life away for you, so you have to stay strong and stay alive to take care of him!” He was more than willing to throw his life away for Amy as well, but Richard stole the spotlight first. With someone like this watching over Amy, Andy felt relieved.
	“Oh, how’s the other driver doing?” Amy said as she cried, then wiped her tears as she suddenly thought of something. She had been constantly worried about Richard that she completely forgot about the other driver in the Jeep.
	“Dead; when Richard hit the car, it killed the driver on the scene. Richard was driving too fast, the impact wrecked the Jeep. Otherwise, it’d have been Richard’s car that’s wrecked.” Kingsley had already told Andy everything, and the deceased was one everyone knew too.
	“Dead? Who was the driver?” Upon hearing news that the other driver was dead, Amy was even more curious as to who the person was to be so manic.
	“Hadrian!” Amy froze still in place when Andy uttered the name. This brother and sister duo really wanted her dead!
	“Yes, he died at the scene. Richard is fine, at least he’s not in any danger now. I took a look at his results, there are some areas of concern, but he’s got a tough body, he’ll definitely pull through.” Andy comforted Amy.
	Thinking about how Richard was willing to throw his life away for her sake, Amy sunk back into a depression.
	Richard’s accident was reported on the TV and radio news, but it didn’t say who the two concerned parties were; it kept the two male drivers anonymous. Kingsley and Andy had ensured to make these preparations in place.
	So, other than the handful of people at the hospital, no one else knows about Richard’s accident and hospitalization.
	The following three days passed and felt as long as three years. Amy did not get any sleep at all while Richard was still under observation. She had a makeshift bed beside Richard’s intensive care ward, and she was either sitting or lying in the bed the whole time. Whenever she felt tired, she took small naps.
	Andy and Kingsley too turned to bring her some food. Amy did not even inform her parents about Richard’s accident, for fear that they would worry.
	On the fourth day, Amy’s eyes were blackened, but she still couldn’t sleep.
	Early in the morning, Andy asked the doctor to run some checkups on Richard.
	Every passing minute and second felt like an eternity to Amy. As Richard laid still on the hospital bed, with the nurse helping to turn his body around at times. He had no consciousness at all.
	After the series of checkups, when Andy stepped out the ward, Amy grabbed his wrist immediately to inquire about Richard’s status.
	“He’s through any imminent dangers, but he’s still in a coma. I’ll transfer him over to a VIP ward, then you’ll have to take care of him. Remember, he’s only got you in his heart, so you have to talk to him and let him know that you’re here taking care of him.” Andy instructed Amy carefully.
	“Alright, I got it, leave it to me.” Amy hurriedly replied.
	Amy felt relieved that Richard’s life was not in any imminent danger now. As long as he was alive and out of danger, wasn’t there hope that he’d recover in the future?
	After Richard was moved to the new ward, Amy returned home to pick up some items; she planned to take care of her lover.
	“Mom, it’s nothing life threatening now, Richard will be fine, I’ll take good care of him, so don’t worry.” Amy told Cathy as she returned home to pack some items.
	“Then I’m going to go see him tomorrow.” Cathy said; she had to make sure her son was OK.
	“Mom, can you not come visit lately? When everything’s fine and settled, I’ll let you know.” Richard did not look well at all right now; he was barely recognizable after the accident. Amy was afraid that Cathy would feel devastated.
	“Alright, then I leave it up to you, Amy. Don’t tire yourself too much. How about I send someone to go help you out?” Cathy was also quite concerned for Amy.
	She knew things must be quite bad if her daughter-in-law wouldn’t let her go see her son, but as long as he was alive. Cathy was dying to see how Richard was doing, but in the end, she heeded Amy’s words.
	“No need, mom, Richard is in this ordeal because of me. If I don’t take care of him by myself, I won’t forgive myself.” Amy insisted to take care of Richard on her own.
	After she was done packing, Amy went to see her son Allen, who wasn’t aware that her father was badly injured. He was still looking at his own drawings when she went to see him.
	“Allen.” Amy called out.
	He turned his head, saw her, and ran to her with open arms.
	“Mom, where have you been, I’ve missed you.” He hadn’t seen her in days. Allen asked Cathy for Amy’s whereabouts many times, but all she said was that Amy was off on a business trip.
	“I was on a business trip, but now I have another business trip. You must be good and stay home and listen to grandma, alright?” Amy hugged Allen and kissed his forehead.
	“Fine, I get it, I’ll be good. Why do you always have to go on business trips?” Allen reached out and stroked Amy’s face.
	“It’s because I’ve got a lot of work lately, so I have to go on these trips. Your dad’s away on a business trip too. Remember, don’t take candy from strangers, and don’t wander off with strangers, OK.” Amy held her son close and said next to his ear.
	“OK, I got it.” Allen nodded his head. His cute face had an expression of naivety yet wisdom.
	Amy also instructed Robin with some tasks, then prepared to head out.
	“Ma’am, where are you going? I’d like to speak to you.” Marian was already home; she had heard that Amy and Richard would not be home for a while, so she felt as though now was a good time.
	“I’m off on a business trip, what is it.” Amy looked at Marian and said. She appeared to be wearing a fancy branded clothing. It wasn’t particularly expensive, but it didn’t seem to be in Marian’s price range.
	“I’d like to take Allen out for walks from time to time; children should be outdoors more to see more of the world.” Marian told Amy.
	“Oh, out? Well, if you bring Robin and his grandma out together then it is fine. If it’s just him alone, then no!” Amy directly rejected Marian’s suggestion.
Chapter 392 Unexpected Jackpot
	Matt did not expect that he would be so lucky to receive a large sum of money from someone from the Wilson Group. Not only that, the person requested to let Matt become the CEO and manage all the projects of the Wilson Group.
	Although Landon was very reluctant, he had no choice but to follow that person’s instructions. It was because that the large sum of money could be described as all the assets of the Wilson Group. For now, the Wilson Group had the top rank like HD Group in the R City.
	“Dad, he is the son of a mistress. Why is he so capable?” Andrew was not reconciled to it. He offended Richard previously so his position in the Wilson Group was getting lower and lower.
	Landon was still comforting him and told him that he was waiting for a good opportunity to get him back to his position. The Wilson Group belonged to Andrew’s grandfather’s family at the previous time. Although Landon had made mistakes before that, they also forgave him.
	However, a large sum of money had appeared suddenly and it was actually Matt’s heritage from his grandfather. Matt’s grandfather just passed away and he left all his assets to Matt. Thus, Matt could finally stand proudly in front of them.
	“When I dated with his mother, she was just a receptionist at the front desk. I just felt that she was pretty but I did not expect that she came from such a wealthy family. She is trying to take revenge on me now!” Landon knew that Matt’s mother must have hated him for betraying her.
	“Then what about me? Dad, I am your eldest son, how can I continue staying in the Wilson Group in the future?” Andrew was so furious that he wanted to hit someone.
	“You should bear with it first, if Matt withdrew all the funds, our Wilson Group will remain as a small group in R City and many other big groups will not be willing to cooperate with us.” Landon also didn’t like Matt. Matt’s mother had always forced him to divorce and marry her. However, he just ignored her as he had been thinking of getting the Wilson Group. Thus, she just gave him their child and disappeared.
	He really didn’t expect her to come from such a wealthy family. If he knew it at that time… Everything had passed, it was too late for him to regret it.
	“But Dad, what about me?” Andrew was going insane, his position in the Wilson Group was getting more unstable.
	“You had to be like that first, I had no idea either. Even my position is gone, what do you think I can do now?” Landon also did not have any other ways so he could only let Matt replace his position.
	“This place belongs to me from now on. Come on, throw away all the things here, I am going to renovate here!” Matt came to the CEO’s office. There was the place that he had always dreamed of but it was now right in front of him and everything there had belonged to him.
	“Oh, forget it, this place is too old. Go and let the secretary come over here right now. I want to buy a new office building and renovate it properly. My CEO’s office has to be magnificent! Oh, Amy likes gardenia so you should decorate my office with lots of gardenias!” Matt instructed his employee.
	He had never met his mother since he was born and she turned out to be the daughter of a rich international businessman. His grandfather had passed away and although his property was distributed to so many people, the part that was given to Matt was enough for him to purchase a few Wilson Groups.
	“Amy, your man is ruined now. I will not despise you and my arms are always open for you. My dear grandfather, I really thank you for giving me such an advantage so that I can go and pursue my beloved woman!” After Matt finished saying that, he laughed rampantly.
	Amy was helping Richard to wipe his hands and then she moistened his lips with a cotton swab that had dipped in water.
	“Richard, why are you so silly? Why did you sacrifice your life to save me? I will only be well if you are. I also can't live a good life when you are like this. Therefore, you must get well soon. Do you hear me? You promised to take care of me forever!” When Amy was free, she would talk about such things to Richard over and over again.
	Richard was just lying there. His cheeks were once healthy and handsome. However, his cheeks turned pale and transparent and looked concave gradually due to his illness for a long time.
	His head was still wrapped in white gauze. His chest and legs were in plaster casts. How painful would he feel at that time? Several parts of his bones were broken. Amy just wanted to shed tears when she thought of that part.
	“Amy.” Someone was calling Amy gently at the door. Amy wiped her tears off hurriedly and stood up. When she turned around, she saw Matt who was holding lilies in his hand and standing at the door. He looked sad in a black suit.
	“Matt?” Amy was looking at Matt. She disliked him and did not expect him to come to visit Richard.
	“Yes, it’s me. I just knew the news so I am coming to visit Mr. Carter and also visit you at the same time. You should not be too sad, I think Mr. Carter will get well soon.” Matt was speaking modestly and gently on that day. Thus, Amy could not find any mistake in him.
	“Alright, thank you! I am not convenient now so I will also not serve you.” Amy did not take over Matt’s flowers.
	“Well, it doesn’t matter. I just came for a while to visit you all and I am leaving soon. This is for Mr. Carter, please accept it.” Matt was very persistent in giving the flowers to Amy.
	Amy had no other way since he was a guest. Amy took his flowers and placed them into an empty bottle.
	“If there is anything you need help with, Amy, please don’t feel shame to let me know. Although there was once I hurt you and we had become passers-by now, I hope that I can become your friend in the future!” Matt glanced at Richard and then glanced at Amy. There was also nothing wrong with his words.
	Amy behaved like she did not even hear what he was talking about. However, Matt was not angry as well. He had dealt with lots of women but Amy was the only woman who made him nostalgic. He would definitely figure out a way to get her.
	“Then I am leaving now. Amy, take care of yourself, don’t be too sad. Mr. Carter was a lucky man so I believe he will be fine.” After Matt finished saying that, he did not stay there anymore. He knew Amy well so he was going to use his understanding towards her to disintegrate her will.
	Amy did not care much about Matt’s visit. She just pretended to cope with him. She had overlooked the matter that she was hurt by him years ago. She even felt grateful that Matt had abandoned her so she would be able to get a man like Richard.
	“Richard, I will always be with you. I will wait for you no matter how long it is. I will use my whole life to wait for you. If this life is not enough, I will wait for you for the next life.” While Amy was murmuring, she took Richard’s slender and pale hand and placed it on her face.
	“Amy, you don’t have to wait for the next life. You belonged to me in this life.” Matt was standing at the door. Then, he smiled gloomily after listening to Amy’s words.
Chapter 393 Amy Blacked Out
	Richard was hospitalized. Even though Amy didn’t plan to announce that news to the public at the beginning, there were lots of things of the HD Group that would need to be settled by him and it was also a big case that the CEO was absent suddenly. Thus, Amy decided to announce the matter that Richard was sick to the public in the end.
	“May I know what kind of illness Mr. Carter is suffering from?” Since Amy did not clarify that Richard was involved in a car accident and she only told the public that he was seriously ill, someone was asking such a question.
	“He was suffering from an emergent illness. He will need to recuperate temporarily so I will become the acting CEO of the HD Group from today onwards according to the proposal of the board of directors.” Amy could not go to take care of Richard every day at the moment because there were still a lot of employees waiting for instruction from the leader of the HD Group.
	“Mrs. Carter, you are holding the position of the acting CEO in the HD Group now. However, didn’t you had once let the HD Group in trouble, do you think you have such capability?” One of the reporters was asking Amy a sharp question.
	“As a businessman, it is impossible to make every judgment correctly. It is already fantastic if a businessman can know and be able to correct the mistakes.” Although Amy felt that the reporter’s question was abrupt and impolite, she reacted quickly and replied to his question with a refutation.
	“Then how can you guarantee that you won’t make a similar mistake in the future? HD Group seemed to be involved in lots of incidents recently! I heard that it’s all because that you are back.” The reporter was speaking sharply.
	“I am a materialist and I don’t believe in all these superstitions. You also look young, you will not be knowledgeable about these matters, right?” Amy gave the reporter a refutation directly.
	“The purpose of this conference that we are having today is just to tell the public about this matter. Since all the important things have been announced, I have other things to do so I am leaving now.” After answering a few questions of the reporters, Amy got ready to leave there.
	“Please wait a minute, Mrs. Carter, I still have one more question to ask. Is Mr. Carter sick or is there other thing happen to him?” At that time, that annoying reporter had everyone’s attention and asked her a question that everyone wanted to know suddenly.
	“Of course he is sick. Moreover, Mrs. Carter was here to handle the affairs of the HD Group. She was showing her respectfulness to inform you all about this matter. You all should just disperse now.” At that moment, a tall figure was coming from her back and speaking to the reporters who were trying their best to dig out more valuable news about Richard.
	“Who are you? We are asking Mrs. Carter.” That reporter did not care about that person’s words at all.
	“I am the CEO of the Wilson Group, Matt! I am already behaving very polite to ask you all to leave. Don’t you mention that Mrs. Carter is already exhausted? You all are such rude reporters!” Matt was tall and he had a strong aura after working as a general manager for years. He was looking at those reporters coldly. Then, all the reporters bowed their heads and slowly dispersed.
	That annoying reporter still wanted to say something but he was dragged away by Matt’s men.
	Amy took a glance at Matt. Then, she followed her people to leave there.
	Matt stared at Amy’s back and smiled for a while. After that, he turned around and left as well.
	Amy had to be the acting CEO of the HD Group during the day and went to take care of Richard at night. She was so busy every day.
	However, human is not made of metal. Since Amy needed to do so many things every day, her body was a bit overloaded with tiredness.
	When she was walking out of the hospital after taking care of Richard, she was a little dizzy just as she stepped out of the lift. She was holding the lift to support herself to stand still. Then, she took a few steps after taking a short rest. However, she felt that her legs were like stepping on soft cotton. She barely took a few steps and then she grabbed a person by her side. After that, she just blacked out.
	When Amy woke up, she found herself lying in bed. She tried to recall and she remembered that she seemed to black out just now. But where was she now?
	“You are awake?” There was a person beside her. She raised her head and saw a face that belonged to one of her hated persons.
	“Matt, why am I here?” Amy looked at her clothes and found that there was nothing wrong with it before she breathed a sigh of relief.
	“Amy, I admit that I had hurt you in the past but I already knew that I was wrong. I won’t ask for your forgiveness but I just hope that I can stay by your side and look at you in silence. You fainted in the hospital this morning. I was going to visit my brother at that time so I saw you and brought you back.” Matt looked sincere while saying that.
	“Oh, thank you, I am fine now so I am leaving,” Amy said thanks to him with her indifferent face. She wanted to stand up from the bed.
	“I help you.” Matt went to help Amy hurriedly. Amy struggled for a while. However, she still felt very dizzy and her body fell back to the bed again.
	“Amy, Amy, don’t rush, slowly get up. I think it is because that you just woke up in a hurry and had not eaten anything all day. I am going to get some porridge for you.” Matt covered Amy with the quilt. Then, he turned and went out.
	Amy rubbed her temple to relax. It seemed that she should not be too hurry. Otherwise, her body also could not take it.
	Amy headed up and looked at the sky which was getting darker. She had fainted for a whole day? She was in shock and quickly took out her phone. There were lots of missed calls but she didn’t hear that. It turned out that she had muted her phone.
	Amy called all those people back one by one. Otto and Fabian were calling her for the company’s matter and she had made arrangements for them. She also called Cathy and told her that she did not feel well before but all was good now and She also asked someone to go to take care of Richard. Other than that, she was feeling better at the time so she wanted to get ready to go back.
	Matt came in after she had settled all her things. He heard that Amy was calling when he was coming in. Thus, he waited for a while at the door.
	“Come and eat some. I’ll fetch you home later.” Matt put the porridge in front of Amy.
	“Okay,” Amy gave him a response and leaned on the bed with Matt’s assistance.
	Matt was staring at Amy’s exquisite features and her S shape body figure. His body was getting hotter while he was looking at her.
	He really wanted to slap himself. He was young and vigorous in the past. He just got Gina’s body and didn’t care more about other things. He was really infatuated with Gina’s body at that time.
	However, he really felt that he was blind at that time when he was now looking at Amy’s attractive body!
	He just didn’t cherish the precious Amy but took Gina as his treasure.
	When he mentioned that Amy was staring at the bowl of porridge and not was going to eat it, Matt smiled and used a disposable spoon to take some porridge and eat it by himself.
	“Amy, don’t worry, I won’t harm you,” Matt spoke to Amy.
	Matt said to Amy again after Amy’s gaze turned normal.
	“Shall I feed you?”
	“No, I can do it myself.” Amy took the bowl and slowly ate the porridge. Maybe she was also hungry which let her feel that it was so tasty.
Chapter 394 Abrupt Video
	Matt really waited until Amy finished the porridge. He picked Amy up and was ready to send her back.
	Matt seemed to have found something when he went out to the front door. He hugged Amy in his arms.
	"What are you doing?" Amy wanted to push him away. Matt whispered to Amy, "Don't move. There are paparazzi here. I saw flashlights."
	Amy looked around and seemed to find that someone was following them. Although she knew that she had nothing to hide, now that she was with a man, if she was photographed, it would be hard to clear her name.
	She lowered her head and got in Matt's car. Matt drove his car away and dumped the reporters behind.
	When she got home, Amy got out of the car. She thanked Matt for sending her home then entered her own house.
	"Amy, are you sick today? Where were you? You didn't even call me." When Cathy saw Amy, she was very worried.
	"I fainted and only woke up at night. A stranger saved me." Amy didn't want to tell her that it was Matt who saved her. She was afraid that Cathy might have misunderstood the situation, because everyone knew that Matt was her ex husband.
	"Oh, how are you now? Do you feel any discomfort?" Cathy asked Amy with concern.
	At this time, Allen had fallen asleep, so Cathy had nothing else to do anymore.
	Amy was too busy. Cathy came to take care of Allen herself. She didn't trust Allen to stay at home alone after what happened.
	Cathy being present here made Marian feeling jobless every day. When she let Cathy do other things, she always said that she was here to take care of Allen. In short, she didn't want to do anything else.
	Cathy asked some other questions. Amy said she had eaten, so Cathy didn't disturb Amy anymore. Cathy also knew that Amy was very tired every day, so she asked her to rest early.
	Other people didn’t recognize the car that sent Amy home but Marian recognized it. She found that Matt sent Amy back and her hatred towards Amy increased again.
	Marian went back to her room, she threw all the pillows on the bed to the ground and stepped on them.
	"Amy, Amy, why do you take everything away from me? You have become Richard's wife and have even given birth to his child. Do you want to fight with me for Matt?”
	But Amy didn’t know why Marian hated her. After she had a good rest, she started her busy schedule again.
	Amy was so busy that she didn't have time to watch the news. She still went to see Richard every day.
	However, she found that the way people look at her had changed. They looked at her in a strange way.
	There was no water in Amy's office. She went to the pantry to make tea. Before she even went in, she heard someone talking about something inside.
	"Oh, she looked like a good woman. I didn't expect that she would be such a cheap woman."
	"Yes, look at that video. It's really frightening. Mr. Carter is still lying in bed while she has already found another man. More so, it’s her ex husband!"
	Amy didn't know how many people were inside the pantry. Everyone shared their thoughts. No matter how stupid Amy was, she already knew that they were talking about her.
	Amy pushed the door and went in. She looked at the female staff coldly. They didn't expect to see their president come to the pantry.
	"I'll go to the bathroom."
	"I have something to do now, Miss Miller, we will go first." Looking at Amy’s face, those female staff soon dispersed.
	Amy got the water and went back to her office. Only then, Otto brought water in.
	"Otto, is there any news about me in R City recently?" Amy asked him.
	Otto replaced the water container on the water dispenser and went to Amy. He turned on his phone. There was a video in it. Otto handed his phone to Amy.
	Amy took Otto's phone. She watched the video. It turned out that when she was with Matt that day, someone recorded the video. At that time, Matt hid her in his arms in order to prevent her from being photographed, but she had been photographed as soon as she first came out.
	"Otto, go and find out who put this on the Internet." Amy told Otto to check the source of the video.
	"Alright, I'll go right away." Otto went out of her office. At this time, Finnley came in.
	"Amy, I've found the source of this video. It was done by a reporter. That reporter was the one who made trouble for you at the previous press conference." Finnley was recuperating at home. She accidentally saw the video.
	"Oh, it's him! He’s so lame. What does he want to do?" Amy felt that the reporter seemed to be deliberately arranged. If she guessed correctly, it should be Matt who did this. Otherwise, how could the reporter know that she had something to do and needed to meet Matt and happened to be there to take their video.
	"Amy, who do you think ordered this?" Finnley also suspected somebody. She came to see Amy for verification.
	"I think it should be Matt. He likes to act smart. He thought we didn't know. He wanted to ruin my reputation at this time!" Amy said to Finnley.
	"Well, I also think it should be him, but what's his purpose? These things have no benefits for him either?" Finnely didn't understand Matt’s motive.
	"I don't know either. He has inherited a large fortune recently. He should be very happy about it. If he made news related to me this time, it doesn't seem to have a good impact on him! I really don't know why he did this!" Although both Amy and Finnley guessed that Matt did it, they couldn't figure out why he did it.
	"Let's wait and see what he's going to do." When you couldn't think of anything, you could only wait and react according to the situation.
	"Finnley, you are here too." When Dexter walked into his sister's office and saw Finnley, he immediately smiled. His smile was as warm as the sun.
	"Dexter, thank you for sending me flowers every day." Finnley blushed a little when she saw Dexter.
	When Finnley's leg was injured, Dexter sent her a bunch of flowers every day. Considering the impact that might come along with his action, Dexter only passed the flowers to the housekeeper every day and left.
	"For what you thank me for, you got injured because you helped my sister. I should thank you properly." Dexter looked at Finnley and continued to ask.
	"Has your leg healed?"
	"Yes, it's all right now." Finnley moved her leg in front of Dexter. Even the wound that she accidentally tore open for the second time had healed.
	She still didn't know why Richard was injured, she thought he was only ill.
	"Then I can rest assured that you are fine." With that, Dexter looked up and saw his sister staring at him. His face blushed.
Chapter 395 Bumping into Matt Again
	"Let’s ignore the video issue for the time being. Whatever. As long as you don't care about anything, it doesn't matter." Amy finally decided to ignore these things, but Matt had to be guarded.
	"Well, okay, my injury has recovered, I'm coming back to work.” Finnley said to Amy.
	Mr. Newell had returned all three assistants Amy found for him back to her. Mr. Newell said he sent them back to help her. In fact, Mr. Newell just wanted to protect his daughter.
	"Okay, come back to work if you think you have recovered, but there is another good news, a new manager has come to the advertising department of HD Group. Get to know him, Finnley.” Amy said to Finnley.
	Finnley smiled. She was not interested in the manager of the advertising department.
	"Forget it, I'm not very interested in the inferior. I won't have much contact with them anyway. Why should I get to know him?" Finnley refused.
	"Alright then, forget it if you don't want to know him but I really want you to cooperate with the advertising department when you come back this time!" Amy glanced at Dexter, she thought to herself, “How is it going, brother? See, you are being despised?”
	Dexter didn't care. He still felt very happy because he could work with Finnley in the future.
	Dexter had officially resigned from the University. No matter what, the Newell group would need someone to inherit it. Now Amy was married and had to run HD Group. She had no energy to manage the affairs of the Newell group. Although Dalton was not very old, since his waist surgery, he had never fully recovered from it. Every time the weather changed, his waist would still hurt.
	So the burden of the Newell group must fall on Dexter in the end. Now he needed to let Amy to guide him. Let him work in every department so he would know the basic process in managing a group.
	"I work with the advertising department? But I don't know their process at all?" Finnley had a headache when she heard that she was going to cooperate with the advertising department.
	"It doesn't matter if you don't know about them. You still have enough time to understand the workflow of the advertising department. Let me give you a week to get familiar with the department." Amy didn’t bother. Finnley was a very smart girl. She learned everything quickly.
	"A week?" Finnley thought Amy was too confident in her. Wasn’t it too difficult to let herself familiar with something she had never touched before in a week?
	"Yes, just a week. If you think it's too long, you can make it shorter." Amy said directly.
	"Alright, alright, just one week, I'll train at the advertising department." Finnley quickly promised.
	"Good, you can report to the planning department tomorrow. By the way, Dexter, come again tomorrow. Both of you, wait here for a while. I'll invite you to dinner later." Amy finished her words and began her work.
	When she was in the Newell group, she felt that she could handle everything easily. But now in HD Group, she felt that every step was like stepping on a blade.
	There are too many people keeping an eye on her in the HD Group. Although Cathy had used her identity as the wife of the former chairman to make those old directors promise to let Amy be the acting president.
	But there were always some people who didn't trust Amy. After all, she was too young and was a woman.
	So Amy's burden was very heavy. She needed several times more effort here than she did in the Newell group.
	"Whatever you like to eat, help yourself. It's rare for me to treat people with food." Amy handed the menu to Finnley and Dexter.
	"I'm fine with anything, let’s see what Finnley likes to eat." Dexter looked at Finnley lovingly and waited for her to order.
	Finnley read the menu for a long time and didn't know what to order. Usually Faustina would order for her whenever she went out to eat. She didn't even know the name of the dish which she liked to eat.
	"Amy, you'd better order it. I don't know which to order!" Finnley was also afraid that Dexter didn’t like the food she ordered.
	"Well then, I'll order the food." Amy ordered the dishes quickly, and then asked for a bottle of red wine.
	"Let’s have a good meal today. After what happened last time, I didn't have time to see Finnley. If it weren't for Finnley, Dexter, you might not see your sister anymore." Amy said emotionally.
	"What's the matter? What happened?" Hearing this, Dexter suddenly became nervous.
	"It's nothing. I was chased by a car on the road. The car chased us for several expressways, but I got rid of it later." Amy tried to talk about it lightly.
	But her heart was dripping blood. Her husband, Richard, almost got killed in order to save her. Now she couldn't even announce the truth yet.
	"It was scary that day, but I felt very strange. How did we leave the car behind? Later, when I watched the news, it seemed that a car hit the jeep from a side route." Finnley’s words were like a sharp blade stabbed into Amy's heart.
	"Yes, that's what happened. It seems that the people in those two cars were injured. After that, there were no subsequent reports following the news." Dexter happened to have read the news.
	"I'll go out for a while. You two have a chat." Amy felt agony in her heart. She wanted to go out and breathe.
	Amy, who walked out of the private room, took a deep breath. She felt that she was too weak. She could do nothing for those people who wanted to hurt her and she could not protect her family.
	Walking into the bathroom, Amy splashed cold water on her face several times, trying to free herself from suffering pain in her heart.
	After she calmed her mood, Amy walked out of the washroom. She didn't expect to meet Matt again.
	"Amy, wait a minute." Matt didn't do anything to Amy but he ran towards her.
	"Matt, what can I do for you?" Amy didn’t know why but recently, she kept bumping into Matt.
	"I just wanted to explain about the video. I didn't expect anyone to pay so much attention to us. I've already investigated it. That's the reporter that day. He holds a grudge against us and has been watching you all the time. Since you fainted in the hospital, he has been following us. He guarded outside my house for one whole day. I've caught the reporter. Do you want to confirm his identity?”
	"No, I didn't do anything wrong myself. I'm not afraid of him badmouthing me.” After Amy finished, she walked away from Matt.
	"Amy, I won't hurt you. I will help you unconditionally." When Amy passed by Matt, Matt said to her caringly, but Amy didn't take his words to heart.
Chapter 396 Hilary’s Quarrel
	On the next day, Finnley reported to the planning department. When she walked into the planning department, she saw that many female colleagues were already there, and they were gossiping.
	‘This planning department isn’t bad. The staffs come to work early.’ Finnley had this realization in her mind.
	When she pushed open the office door of the planning department manager, she was stunned at the door because she knew this planning department manager.
	“Finnley, you’re here, have a seat!” When Dexter saw Finnley, he just smiled naturally.
	“Dexter, you’re the manager of the planning department? It wasn’t you before.” Finnley sat across from Dexter. She looked at the handsome Dexter, and then at those female employees at the door. She then understood why the female employees had arrived so early today. It turned out that they had known that a handsome man would come today.
	“It wasn’t me before, but from today on, I am. Welcome to the planning department.” Dexter held out his slender, white hand to Finnley.
	Finnley also reached out to shake his hand. When she tried to draw her hand back, she found out that Dexter was holding her hand very tightly.
	“You have beautiful hands. You’re perfect for hand modeling!” Dexter realized his discomposure, and he hurriedly explained.
	They both blushed. Finnley had never met such a simple man. Her brother was a playboy. Although he gave her anything she wanted, he frequently changed his female partner had once made her have no interest in men, and she even thought that all the men were like that.
	They let go of their hands. Finnley took a cup and sipped the tea. She was really a little nervous. A fearless girl like her got her heart racing at the sight of Dexter, but she missed him when she didn’t see him.
	“That’s my cup.” Dexter watched Finnley finish the tea from his cup and reminded her kindly.
	"Ah!" Finney hurriedly put the cup on Dexter’s desk, and hers was still on the coffee table! It was so humiliating.
	“I… I’m going out.” Finnley felt embarrassed to stay here any longer.
	She hurriedly ran out and saw a lot of people outside watching them. As soon as she went out, they scattered.
	“Hey, handsome man, you’re new today too, right? Our planning department is so lucky that two handsome guys came at once today. It’s so exciting. I’m going to have three bowls of rice for lunch today!” A girl, who was a little chubby, walked up to Finnley and asked her.
	“Yes, I’m new here today too.” Finnley nodded her head, then she looked back at Dexter’s door. The door was closed, but she could feel Dexter’s burning eyes.
	“What’s your name? You’re so good-looking!” Someone saw that Finnley talking to the chubby girl, so they gathered around.
	“I’m your new colleague, and my name is Finnley Carr.” Although Finnley didn’t like it, she decided to integrate with them to not give Dexter a hard time.
	“Finnley. A good-looking person with a nice name. God is really unfair. I’m pretty, but my name is so weird. My mom named me Flower Bates!” The chubby girl said, and the people around started laughing. No one agreed that she was pretty, but she did have a strange name.
	Her parents were really lazy and inconsiderate in naming her.
	Finnley was amused by Flower. She smiled and showed a row of white and neat teeth, which made Flower obsessed.
	After the crowd flocked Finnley to the office, they started to work. It was time for them to get to work after seeing the handsome man.
	However, Finnley had nothing to do. She just turned on the computer and started to study advertisement planning.
	Finnley had a little understanding of the software and the drawing ideas. Time passed quickly and it was time for lunch. Flowershyly went to Finnley’s desk and wanted to invite her to have lunch together.
	Finnley looked at her chubby appearance. She wanted to reject her but couldn’t bear to do so.
	At this moment, a call came in from the internal line for Finnley. The manager asked her to go over and discuss some issues together.
	“Sorry, I’m going to the manager’s office.” Finnley apologized to Flower, and then she rushed to Dexter’s office.
	...
	“Richard, Richard, how did you get to be like this?” Amy arrived at the hospital, and she heard someone was in Richard’s ward when she was in the doorway.
	As soon as she heard it, she knew it was Hilary. She was somewhat resistant inside.
	When she turned around to avoid Hilary, Hilary spotted her.
	“Amy, come in.” Hilary’s voice was emotionless.
	Amy thought for a while and walked into the ward. She looked at Hilary, who was dressed normally. She had no makeup on her face, which made her look pure.
	“Amy, how are you taking care of my brother? Look, he’s lying in a hospital bed now. Do you even deserve to say you’re his wife?” Hilary saw Amy and started arguing.
	Amy didn’t say anything and let Hilary come and shake her. She was already bitter enough inside.
	Hilary chided Amy, and Addy, who had come to visit Richard, watched everything.
	“Well, it’s alright, Hilary. You don’t get mad. Amy didn’t mean it. Maybe it’s just that Amy’s limited capacity. Richard’s illness should have nothing to do with her.” Addy walked in and comforted Hilary.
	“How can you say that Richard’s illness has nothing to do with her. She was the one who failed to take care of Richard. Addy, you don’t defend her. I hate her. She has gotten our family into so much trouble!” Hilary shoved Amy so hard that Amy was pushed to the ground.
	“Say something! Aren’t you good at talking? And now you’re playing dumb? I tell you, Amy, do you think that you can get away with this? Dream on! I want to kick you out of our family!” Hilary screamed.
	“All right, Hilary. We’ve visited Richard. You shouldn’t be too agitated. Let’s go back.” Addy acted kindly as she seemed to pull Hilary away.
	“How can I not be agitated? That’s my brother lying in the bed. Amy, do you really want all of my family to get into trouble? You want the property of HD Group, don’t you? You’re cunning and you’re so bad!” Hilary said while pointing at Amy. Her finger was about to touch Amy’s nose.
Chapter 397 Who Is the CEO
	Instead of taking what Hilary said as another provocation of hers, Amy was in bad mood and had taken what Hilary said seriously.
	'It seems true that I've been bringing bad luck to Richard ever since I'm with him. Am I the jinx that he has been mentioning?'
	"Just disregard what Hilary said, she's such a loose-tongued, speaks without thinking, she can't keep anything to herself, come on, stand up," Addy said as she went to help Amy.
	"Don't help her, Addy, she's such a mean woman that does not deserve our sympathy. Come on, let's go!" Hilary urged Addy to go with her.
	Silence filled the room once Hilary left. Amy stared blankly at Richard.
	"Am I a jinx to you, Richard? Have you been suffering being with me and did I make you suffer?" Amy mumbled as she rested her face on Richard's hand. His hand was not hot or cold, just slightly warm.
	Amy's tears dripped onto Richard's palm, he was the only one who knew what she had been through, yet, he could only lay sleeping on the bed now.
	"Mrs. Carter, I need to bring Mr. Carter for a check-up, could you give me a hand?" A nurse came in, today was the day for Richard's checkup.
	"Sure." Amy went to the other side and was ready to move Richard's body to another bed with rollers.
	"Let me do it." A tall figure appeared beside Amy and he carried Richard from his bed and put him down slowly on another one.
	A man was indeed stronger in strength, he managed to transfer him to another bed without messing with the tubes, lines, ports, or catheters attached to Richard.
	"Thank you." Amy glanced at Matt. They met each other quite frequently lately, and it was always during times where she needed help that he appeared out of nowhere.
	"It's nothing. I'm just dropping by to visit Mr. Carter since I have something to do nearby. This is nothing worth mentioning, I shall go now and will drop by again later." Matt left once he finished transferring Richard.
	Amy on the other hand followed the nurse to Richard's checkup.
	"All the results are normal and stable, Mr. Baker will have a meeting with medical professionals from overseas tomorrow, discussing Mr. Carter's condition. They will discuss solutions that could wake him up from the vegetative state." The doctor explained to Amy once the checkup was done.
	"Oh, noted." The doctor's words lit up hope in Amy's heart.
	As usual, Matt came on time, he appeared again the moment Amy and the nurse returned to the room pushing Richard.
	He then transferred Richard back to his bed, said a few comforting words to Amy, and left straight after that.
	Amy felt weird that Matt always appeared at times she needed help. She was also a little suspicious of his sudden concerns towards Richard.
	An internal conflict arose within HD Group where people began doubting Amy's ability to be the CEO. She was a woman with a history of wrongdoing, they thought that she was not qualified to manage the company and couldn't earn respect from the others.
	Someone suggested summoning William back to be the decision-maker for HD Group, giving the reason that he was a member of the Carter family and was qualified to be the CEO.
	"I recommend William, he was the only true heir of the Carter now that Richard is sick. Richard was a capable leader but he's sick and can't lead the HD Group now, we should let William take over his place. You are a woman and your task as Richard's wife is to take good care of him." One of the middle-aged members of the board stood up and suggested in front of the shareholders and board members.
	"Yeah, what can a woman do with such a huge corporation? Unlike a man, a woman lacks the ability to lead the group." Another person agreed with what was said.
	"I heard that she was the one that put Newell Group in trouble, we doubt her ability as the CEO!" Someone added.
	Amy sat leisurely in her seat, listening to the discussion as if she was not the person they were discussing, she looked calm.
	"But she performed well and contributed a lot to Newell Group's development too." A board member who supported Amy defended her. The board meeting quickly turned into a debate.
	Amy didn't defend herself and at this moment, William pushed open the door and entered the room with a few HD Group's employees following behind.
	"Hi Amy, we meet again. Bet you never thought of seeing me again in such a short time." William smiled mockingly at Amy as he pushed his glasses up.
	"Hi William, I've predicted our meeting, guess you are the one who is surprised." Amy said to William sarcastically.
	"Hahha, I have no time for such a debate. You must be upset now knowing that you will soon be pushed down from the acting CEO position." William said as he walked into the room. His appearance had created minor chaos in the room.
	"Hello everyone, let me introduce myself. I am William Carter, the true heir of the Carter and I have returned." William introduced himself to the room, smiling.
	"There is something I would like to say, please be quiet," William said as he waved at everyone in the room.
	The room became silent and were all ears of what William had to say. As the investors, they prioritize profit gained.
	"Good day everyone, I'm William Carter, I come back today for the sake of HD Group's future, though I made a minor mistake before, I've learned from it and vow not to repeat it. I return today intending to further develop the group and aim to make HD Group the leader of our industry." William gave his emotional speech, even some of his saliva landed on the face of the person in front, but he didn't notice as he was driven by William's speech.
	"I guarantee a 2%-3% revenue increase by next year for each of you if I can be the CEO of HD Group from now on." William made a promise to everyone.
	"Awesome! Only the true heir of the Carter could make such a promise. I told you, didn't I?" Someone spoke, trying to influence the others.
	They started to believe after hearing William's words.
	"I'm here to rescue HD Group. Please stay calm, though Richard is sick, I am here to replace him. I too am capable of leading the company." A round of applause was heard once he finished his speech.
Chapter 398 Amy's Success
	Most of the shareholders in the meeting stood and clapped for William's speech. He threw a glance at Amy arrogantly. 'She is now thrown aside by me, these shareholders lose their mind and principle when it comes to profit.' He thought.
	"May I ask the acting CEO, Amy, if you have anything to say?" William had fully sunken into the sounds of clapping now.
	"Yes, I do." Amy stood up right away.
	Her action surprised William. She was a woman, she should be frightened by the current situation, what else that she had to say?
	"Gentlemen, please allow me to voice my opinion." Amy gazed at everyone around the table and their discussion stopped, feeling curious about what she was about to say.
	"It's true that I was troubled and had once put Newell Group in a difficult situation, however, those were all because of tricks played by someone else, I believe it was clearly stated on the news in R City, I have contributed significantly to Newell Group's development too." Amy distributed the results she achieved in Newell Group to everyone.
	"In addition, there is also documented results where William was the CEO and branch manager a few years back for your reference." Amy distributed the information she had to the rest of the members.
	Though the shareholders were not directly involved in management, they understood what the results meant.
	"Amy! Such a cunning lady! How dare you show them this information!" William was attacked unprepared.
	"We are held responsible for providing bonuses and profit for our shareholders, but it isn't something that could be done through speech; it needs to be done by action. I guess all of you have seen the information distributed earlier, let's start voting now. Each vote is anonymous, the one who received higher votes will become the acting CEO of HD Group." It was Amy's style to do things straight and quick, she disregarded William and instructed Finnley to distribute a voting ballot inside an envelope each to the shareholders.
	William didn't expect such a move from Amy, he had only prepared emotional speeches but it all seemed weak and useless against Amy's attack.
	His previous achievement was nothing compared to Amy's, he thought he could take over the position by bribing a few of the board members but he was wrong. He was nothing compared to Amy.
	"Alright, everyone had written down their vote, may I please invite a few shareholders as volunteers to read the votes? I want this to be fair and square, hence, my assistant won't be counting the vote." Amy let the shareholders chose a few well-respected members to count the votes.
	William skipped a heartbeat with every vote read aloud and he became completely disappointed once the shareholders finished counting the votes.
	Amy had 90 percent of the votes while he had only a few.
	"May I confirm that everyone voted out of their willingness and not by force? If there's no objection, I will continue to be the acting CEO." Amy said without delayed, she didn't even make any further explanation and went straight to the conclusion.
	"There's no forcing here, the voting process and counting were transparent and each vote is a valid vote." One of Amy's supporters said it aloud while others nodded in agreement.
	"Great, I guess there will be no more amendment to the decision made by the board this time. I will continue to be the acting CEO until Richard is fully recovered. If there are any more changes in the future, I won't take responsibility for anything that happens to HD Group again." Despite being a female, she had her charisma when delivering her speech and it made the few board members that wanted to create problems remained silent.
	The facts and the capabilities between Amy and William were obvious to everyone. Although William made an attractive promise like how his brother did, but his brother died before even being able to deliver his promise. The shareholders already lost trust in such empty promises.
	William felt he was nothing but a clown in the room as the majority of the shareholders supported Amy, regardless if she was a woman or not an heir of the Carter, 'A bunch of old trolls!' William cursed inwardly.
	The drama ended here, William went back to the hotel bitterly. Someone was already waiting for him once he arrived at the entrance.
	"Are you upset, William? Are you embarrassed that you failed to snatch the position as acting CEO?" The man said to him.
	William threw a glance at the man. He had been hiding overseas all this while and didn't know much about what's happening around here. He knew Matt as a branch manager, so he looked down on him.
	"You have such a filthy mouth." William rolled his eyes at Matt as he continued his journey up to his room.
	"Don't you want to win? Are you happy that you are defeated by a woman?" Matt asked, he was not angry at all.
	"That's none of your business, Mr. Wilson. Are you free? Go find entertainment elsewhere, why are you here?" William was already in bad mood, seeing Matt who knew everything enraged him even more, he felt humiliated.
	"Let's have a drink, I'll be waiting at the cafe. Do come if you want to win, else, just forget about it." Matt told his intention directly and then headed towards the cafe.
	William looked at Matt's back as he walked away. 'What strategy could an insignificant branch manager have? Such a liar.' William thought.
	William went straight back to his room but changed his mind the moment he stepped in the room. 'Sometimes an insignificant character could provide a significant solution. Matt could be useful to me now. There's no harm listening to what he has to say, let's go listen and see.' He thought.
	He then closed the door and headed back to the elevator to meet Matt who was waiting at the cafe.
	William arrived at the private room in the cafe Matt told him earlier and knocked on the door. "Please come in," Matt said from inside.
	William entered the room and saw Matt looking at him strangely.
	"I'm here to listen to what you have to say, it's not definite that I will accept your suggestion," William said as he walked over and sat opposite Matt.
Chapter 399 Reaching an Agreement
	"That's certainly true. I'm just saying my opinion. And I'm not trying to give you any advice. Besides, you're a very opinionated person, so it's not really my place to control your thinking, isn't it?" Matt complimented William, and his words made William feel comfortable.
	"Go ahead! I'm listening!" William asked eagerly. He wanted someone to give him advice at this time.
	"No rush. Mr. Carter, please have a cup of tea first. This tea is made with good mineral water. Please have a taste! And this tea will relieve your anxiety." At this point, Matt was in no hurry. Then he poured a cup of tea for William.
	Although William was in a hurry, he didn't want to show it and let Matt find his weakness.
	After taking a sip of tea slowly, it tasted indeed refreshing and smelled pleasant. And this cup of tea lifted all his spirits. He had to admit that it was a good cup of tea.
	When Matt saw that William was satisfied with the tea he made, he smiled in his heart. Luckily, his craft was getting better and better, so he would be able to get closer to Amy, for he was aware of Amy's obsession with tea.
	Matt poured himself a cup of tea and then slowly put the teapot back. He blew on the cup and took a sip. William was already looking at him and waiting for him to say what he thought.
	"Mr. Carter, do you know what your shortcomings are?" At this point, Matt was also very impolite to William. And he hit the nail on the head by pointing out his shortcomings.
	"My shortcomings?" To be honest, William had never felt that he had any shortcomings. If he had, it was his lack of knowledge about Sophia. He'd liked her for so many years, but it turned out he'd found out she was a bitch.
	"Hahaha. Looks like you still don't know much about yourself. Your shortcoming is that you are too naive and too kind." Matt said to William.
	Naive? Kind? William wondered if he didn't even know himself anymore. Did those two words have anything to do with him?
	"Amy has had a business mind since she was a child. She is Mr. Newell's daughter and has inherited her parents' business skills, so in terms of talent, you are not as good as her!" Matt helped William to analyze the problem.
	William listened to what he said and thought he had a point. And it was true that he was not as good as others in running a company.
	"There is also the fact that she has the Newell Group behind her and the support of Mr. and Mrs. Newell. Even though she's in the HD Group, she has Cathy to care for her, but what do you have?" Matt again filled William's cup with water. After listening to Matt's words, William kept sipping his tea.
	William really had nothing now. He had no father, no grandmother, and no big brother to support him. And he was left with him and his mother Addy, but what could the two of them do? They were weak and insignificant people.
	"So what should I do now?" William was a little dependent on Matt at this time.
	"You can choose to work with me. And then we can talk about the terms!" After being lured by Matt, William finally succeeded in entering Matt's trap.
	"Good. As long as you let me become the chairman of HD Group, no matter how much money you want, I can give you as much as you want!" William didn't just want to be the acting president anymore. And he now wanted to become the chairman of HD Group.
	"Ha, ha, ha. Mr. Carter, you're so straightforward. I can help you become the chairman of HD Group, but I don't want any of your money. I just want Amy! She is your brother's wife." Matt spoke out his intentions.
	"Her? What do you want from her? She's my brother's wife, and she's a married woman." William didn't expect Matt to target Amy.
	"A married woman is more attractive. If you help me get Amy, then I'll help you become chairman. What do you think?" Matt had become the mastermind behind the plan this time.
	"Okay. Then we'll make a deal. When I become chairman of the board, I'll treat you to dinner." When William heard that someone was going to help him out and didn't need him to spend any money, he would definitely want to work with him.
	"Alright. It's a deal!" Matt smiled lightly. Then the two of them talked about their plans in the teahouse.
	Amy sneezed twice in a row. She rubbed her nose. Because it was spring, did she suffer from allergic rhinitis again?
	"Finnley, go get me some anti-allergy tablets," Amy said to Finnley.
	"Okay." Although Finnley was assigned to the planning department, she still came to Amy's office every day to clean the office and help Amy prepare the things she needed.
	"Forget it. You should go to the planning department. I'll ask Otto to buy the medications." Amy used to ask Finnley to run errands for her every day, but then she remembered that Finnley had been transferred to the planning department.
	"It's okay. I'll be back soon. I'll go back to the planning department after I buy the medicine." Finnley enjoyed running errands for Amy. Then she quickly ran out to buy medicine for Amy.
	Although Amy kept the right to run the HD Group, she knew that William was back this time, so he would definitely not give up. And he would definitely find a way to frame her.
	Amy asked Fabian to come over and asked him to keep an eye on William's movements.
	"He must be back for the HD Group this time. You have to keep an eye on him. If there's anything going on with him, you have to report it to me immediately." Amy was learning from her mistakes, so she had to take precautions against many things and people before it was too late.
	"Okay, I'll be on it right away." Fabian echoed and left.
	Finnley did get the medicine back quickly. After she delivered the medicine to Amy's office, she went to the planning department excitedly.
	Dexter's door was full of women looking at him through the crack. Dexter looked very learned. In the sophisticated business world, he certainly looked like fresh air and was very attractive.
	Finnley didn't know why she felt a little uncomfortable in her mind when she saw all these women looking at Dexter. "What are you looking at?" Finnley said to those women as she walked over.
	"We're looking at the manager." Those women didn't even turn their heads and were completely infatuated by Dexter.
	"Mr. Butler, may I come in?" Finnley raised her voice. The women scattered as soon as they heard her voice.
	"Yes. Come on in." Dexter answered her from inside.
	After Finnley saw that the women had dispersed, she pushed the door open and entered. Once she was inside, she thought about it and closed the door again. After she closed the door, she looked through the door. When she made sure that she couldn't see anything through the door, she turned around and walked over to Dexter.
Chapter 400 Two Outstanding Men
	"Finnley, what's wrong with you? Do you feel uncomfortable somewhere?" When Dexter looked up, he saw that Finnley's face didn't look very good, so he thought she was uncomfortable.
	"No, I'm fine." Finnley sat down angrily on the couch next to Dexter. She took another peek at Dexter and thought he was really handsome. No wonder so many women were peeking at him.
	When Dexter saw that Finnley looked very unhappy, he put down the pen in his hand, went in front of Finnley, stretched out his long white fingers, and touched Finnley's forehead.
	Finnley was startled, and then she immediately leaned back. She was still not used to being touched by others.
	But Dexter didn't let her avoid him. He touched her forehead and found that she did not have a fever. Then he sat down next to her.
	"Mr... Mr... Mr. Butler, well, if you don't have anything to say to me, I... I'll leave now." Because Dexter was so close to him, his nice smell reached Finnley's nostrils and made her feel nervous.
	Dexter took Finnley's hand and sat her down again, but Dexter pulled her a little harder, so he pulled Finnley to sit on his lap.
	"Ah!" Finnley hurriedly stood up again. She had only sat on her dad's and brother's laps since she was a little girl. And she had never even touched another man. The trembling of her body frightened her.
	"Try to sit for a while. You'll get used to it later." But Dexter held her tightly and wouldn't let her go.
	Finnley felt nervous at first. Then she struggled a little and felt nothing of it. Later on, she felt comfortable sitting on Dexter's lap.
	After half an hour, Finnley didn't struggle anymore. She knew she wasn't as strong as Dexter either. Although he looked well-mannered, she didn't expect him to be so strong. She was not even his equal.
	Finnley flushed as she lowered her head. She was asking herself if she liked Dexter, and her answer was definite! She liked him! And she liked him a lot!
	While Finnley was thinking about it, Dexter looked at her beautiful face. Then he couldn't help but go over and give her a kiss on the pink cheek.
	His soft touch made Finnley's heart pound wildly. Then she pushed Dexter away and ran out of the office.
	When she got back to her office, Finnley's heart was still pounding. She had never been kissed by a man before. Even if a man had thought that way, he would have been beaten by her and carried a cane.
	She was kissed by Dexter like that, but why did she feel happy about it?
	"Finnley, what are you thinking?" When Jack from the planning department looked at Finnley, multiple expressions flashed across his face. He just looked at her quietly beside her. Although Finnley was really good-looking, he looked just a little bit girly.
	"I wasn't thinking about anything. I was just thinking about the TV series I watched yesterday." When Finnley heard someone talking to her, she immediately came back to her senses.
	"Oh, what TV series did you watch? I'll watch it too." Jack had become fascinated with Finnley too. He loved anything pretty, let alone such a good-looking man!
	"I still have work to do. Please don't bother me." Finnley simply could not make up the name of the drama, so she pulled a long face and said to Jack.
	"Oh, okay. Okay. I'll get back to my seat then." When Jack saw that Finnley was not happy, she hurriedly went back to her seat.
	Finnley's duty in the planning department was mainly to review the pictures drawn. This planning department was an advertising planning department, so many of the pictures in the department were drawn by computer.
	Finnley was an amateur, so she could only observe other staff working. However, Amy gave her time to master the basic skills quickly, so Finnley started to concentrate on her work.
	Finnley started to work hard. And she quickly forgot about her interaction with Dexter in the morning, but Dexter couldn't forget. And he thought Finnley's cheek smelled so good. He kissed her once and then thought about kissing her a second time.
	Dexter was also not in touch with women other than his mother and sister. Even when he got in touch with his female classmates, he looked very distant.
	Finnley was the first time to be kissed by a man. And Dexter was also the first time to kiss a girl, but he felt quite good. And he liked the way it felt.
	"Finnley, it's time for lunch. You've been busy all morning." Jack was enthusiastic and came to ask Finnley to have lunch.
	"Um, okay. You go ahead. I'll be right there." Finnley responded to him, but she didn't want to have lunch with Jack. She would rather eat by herself.
	Jack left in disappointment. After Finnley finished packing up her papers, she headed for the restaurant. As soon as she walked out of the office, she saw Dexter waiting for her there. And everyone else had pretty much left their offices. It was just the two of them in the hallway.
	The two of them originally got along very well. However, after what happened this morning, Finnley felt a little uneasy when she saw Dexter. But Dexter looked happy.
	"Finnley, come on. Let's go to have lunch." Dexter invited Finnley, so there was nothing Finnley could do. Then she had to follow him to have lunch.
	When the two walked to the restaurant, many people were staring at them two. Both were so outstanding and walking together. Dexter, who was taller, looked very gentle and handsome.
	The slightly shorter Finnley had a very delicate face and almost had the same pretty face as the president's wife.
	"Gee, look at that Finnley! He's so good-looking. No man in the company is as good-looking as he is. His pretty face is on par with the president's wife." Some people were eating their lunch while discussing with others.
	"Get out of here! The president's wife is a woman, while Finnley is a man. Although Finnley looked a little sissy, you can't compare him to the president's wife, right?" Someone immediately corrected that person's opinion.
	"Look at how close Mr. Butler and Finnley seem to be. And they were both transferred to our advertising planning department together. Are they in a relationship or something? If that's the case, how many women will be heartbroken?" Another person sighed. And everyone knew that Dexter and Finnley were close to each other.
	Although the two of them didn't often go to the same place after work, they couldn't guarantee that they didn't arrive at the same destination.
	"Yeah, yeah. It would be such a pity if two men got together. And all that good genetics would have been wasted." Those people's voices were getting louder and louder.
	The lunch break was always a good time to gossip. Moreover, Dexter and Finnley were outstanding employees, so many people talked about them. And the voice of their discussion was very loud. Then Dexter and Finnley heard them. "How dare they!" After Finnley heard what they said, she wanted to argue with them. And not to mention slandering her, they actually said she and Dexter were gay and in a relationship! Did the two of them look like they were flirting? They were really as blind as bats!
Chapter 401 Mysterious Note Showed Up Again
	Hearing someone saying that she had intimate relationship with Dexter, Finnley wanted to argue with them, but Dexter held her back.
	"Go your own way and let others talk. We can’t control what others want to say, and it’s impossible to stop all of them from saying those," Dexter whispered to Finnley.
	Finnley stopped, what Dexter said was indeed true. She didn't care about that at all, it was just that Dexter was holy and inviolable in her heart. She felt extremely uncomfortable when others accused him.
	"I’m not offended or anything, it’s just that I fear that you feel wronged," Finnley whispered to Dexter.
	"If it doesn't matter to you, why would it matter to me? Let's eat some good food and relax. My mother often told me that people enjoy life the most when they eat and sleep. We should completely relax ourselves, don't think about anything and let’s enjoy delicious food at this time. Let’s go!" Dexter took Finnley to a private dining space.
	The private dining space was not very big, but the furnishing was still quite good, chic and elegant. Finnley and Dexter sat down respectively. Finnley deliberately sat far away from Dexter.
	Dexter didn't say anything. He picked up the menu and began to order.
	Finnley stared at Dexter's side. That man was flawless and he looked dazzling from any angle.
	She could see his high-bridged nose from the side and thick eyelashes. His smooth and pale skin looked even tender than a girl's skin.
	"Do I look good?" At this time, Dexter had finished placing his orders. As soon as he looked back, he noticed Finnley was staring at him in a daze, and he asked.
	Finnley was so absorbed in admiring his looks. Dexter's sudden question startled her.
	Finnley coughed profusely. She was so shocked that she was choked by her own saliva.
	Dexter's patted her back gently with his big, warm and rough hand.
	Finnley wanted to stop Dexter from patting her back anymore. She felt very embarrassed, but she coughed so badly that she couldn't even speak.
	Dexter brought a cup of hot tea to Finnley. Seeing that she was a little calmer, he handed her the tea to drink. Finnley's face flushed. She had totally embarrassed herself this time. It would really be very humiliating to tell others that she was choked by her own saliva.
	"Feeling better now?" Dexter asked softly.
	"Yeah, yeah, thank you." Finnley took a sip of hot tea and felt much better. She took the tissue handed by Dexter and wiped her tears.
	The food was served fast. Dexter had ordered three dishes and a soup, there was actually fish in the dish! Finnley was nervous when she saw the fish. Last time her mother didn't pick the fish bone for her, her throat was stuck by a fish bone.
	"Let’s eat, have a good rest after eating, and continue to work in the afternoon." Dexter picked up the chopsticks. He went to take the fish first. When Finnley was worried that Dexter would take the fish to her, she realized she had thought too much. Dexter was putting the fish into his bowl.
	Finnley was not sure what she was feeling, she felt relieved, but also a little lost.
	Finnley ate the other dishes. As she had just taken two bites of the food, a piece of fish suddenly appeared in her bowl.
	"I..." Finnley wanted to say that she didn't dare to eat fish, but she looked up and saw Dexter smiling at her.
	"It's okay, I've picked all the fish bones. You can eat it with ease."
	Now Finnley didn't know what to say. If she didn’t accept his kindness now, she would look hypocritical.
	The fish was very tender. It melted in her mouth and there was not a single bone. The fish also tasted very delicious. Finnley actually liked to eat fish in the first place, she chewed and swallowed it.
	Before she could react, Dexter gave her a big piece of fish again.
	"Dexter, you should eat too, don't mind me." Dexter was picking fish bones for Finnley, and he had not touched the food in front of him at all.
	"Well, I eat faster than you. Just eat first and I'll catch up with you later." Dexter was quite fast in picking the fish bones, and he could even compete with Faustina.
	Finnley only then knew her mother was not a stepmother and that she had treated her very well. She just didn't know how to appreciate it. She had the idea of going back to DL City to visit her mother this weekend.
	They had a pleasant meal. Finnley ate enough fish. She hadn't eaten fish for a long time. She had not dared to eat fish since her throat was stuck by a fishbone.
	"Alright, Finnley, you can go to my lounge and have a rest. I'll browse the documents outside. The advertising planning this time has high requirements. I want to do my best, it’ll also be my first performance in HD Group." Dexter let Finnley sleep in his lounge.
	Finnley thought for a moment and agreed. She had had the habit of taking an afternoon nap after all. She went into the lounge and slept. Dexter continued to look at the works outside.
	Amy looked at Richard who was unconscious in the bed. A lump came into her throat. She helped Richard wiped his face, and she felt even more poignant.
	Richard's cheeks had begun to sink. Although he was administered with nutrient solution, the nutrient he received was not complete. His body needed far more than these.
	"Richard, please wake up. You’re going to turn ugly if you don’t wake up. Look at your face. How long will it take for me to feed you until you’re fat again?" Amy sighed again. It had been more than two months, and Richard did not show any sign of waking up at all.
	"Miss Miller!" As Amy was sighing, a seven or eight year old child walked into the ward. She glimpsed at Amy and shouted.
	Amy looked at the girl. Although she looked very beautiful, she was sure she didn't know the child.
	"You are?" Amy asked the child with confusion.
	"You're Miss Miller, aren't you? I have something for you! Goodbye, Miss Miller!" The girl gave Amy something and ran away.
	Amy looked at the thing in her hand, it looked like it was something made of plasticine, but she could not tell exactly what it really was.
	Amy looked at it over and over for a few times. She didn't find anything, so she broke it apart.
	As expected, there was a note in it, and it was even written in German.
	"Keep an eye on William Carter!" Amy tore up the note after reading it. She remembered Richard had also received such a hint on his birthday last time, and that was why he could save his birthday party from a disaster. The note had appeared again today, and she wondered who on earth had written it.
Chapter 402 Investigating Marian
	When Amy arrived at work, William welcomed her with a smile on his face.
	“Good morning, Amy!” William greeted Amy.
	“William? Why did you come to the company?” Amy stopped walking. William was dressed in a suit. He looked as proper as when he attended the board of directors meeting.
	“Yeah, well, of course something’s the matter. I am now the manager of the finance department of the HD Group.” William told Amy.
	“You became the manager of the finance department? Why didn’t I get informed? Who approved it?” Amy instantly thought of the note she received last night. William was actually capable in doing something!
	“Amy, don’t be angry, I have the joint letter of appointment from the shareholders right here, take a look.” William took out a copy from his briefcase and handed it to Amy.
	Amy took the letter and opened it. It really contained the handwriting of the shareholders. William was really trying to think of ways to join the HD Group. It also seemed like there’s someone helping him behind the scenes. Otherwise, based on his sketchy past he should not have been approved. These shareholders were not stupid either.
	“Well then, since you are now the financial manager of this company. Let’s do a good job, we all have to do our best of the HD Group.” Amy remained calm while she talked. She also gave a smile towards William.
	Amy’s smile distracted William for a moment. This woman was really beautiful, no wonder someone wanted to have her!
	“Then, I am off to work now, president. What will happen to the previous manager?” William acted modest on the surface. However, he was actually trying to provoke Amy.
	“There’s not a problem, we can still afford another employee here. Both of you can be financial managers in this company. One will be responsible in matters outside the company while the other one will be in charge of everything inside the company. William, since you are more capable, it will be more suitable for you to deal matters relating to tax and trading. You will be the one responsible in matters outside the company!” Amy was also someone who would fight back. She decided to split the tasks for both of the financial managers. Settling matters like tax and trading would be quite tiring. He would also not be able to check how much money the company had. She would be the one in charge of everything happening inside the company.
	William did not expect Amy to come up with such a counterattack. He had been tricked by Amy once again.
	He wanted to lose his temper, but he knew it would be bad for him. So, he had to endure it. He always wanted to be the financial manager of the company. He also wanted to know how much money the current HD Group actually had, but his plan was foiled again.
	“Alright, that’s great, I'll follow the president’s arrangement I'll report to the finance office first.” William stood up straight and walked towards the finance department.
	At the same time, Amy made a phone call to the manager of the finance department as she was on the elevator. She told her what she wanted and even gave the financial director an explanation. She told her that William could not be in charge in anything that had to do with the money of the company!
	After arranging the affairs at the finance department, Amy went to her office. She saw Fabian waiting for her at the door of her office.
	“President.” When Fabian noticed Amy, he greeted at her respectfully.
	“Come in with me.” Amy knew that Fabian came to look for her was because there were some matters at hand.
	Fabian followed Amy into the office. He even closed the door behind him.
	“Tell me, what clues have you found?” Amy asked Fabian.
	“Well, I did find something and I decided to report back first while Otto remained there.” Fabian followed Amy to her desk and gave her the information that he had gotten.
	“We already interrogate the reporter but no matter what, he kept saying that no one instructed him. However, we tracked him for a period of time and it seemed that he really did not have any contact with other people, especially Matt. The two of them never even have any interaction with each other before.” Fabian took out another file of information as he finished his sentence.
	“President, we also printed the list of names that the reporter had contacted through his phone. Matt was not one of them. Through using some technology, we found out that there was nothing mind blowing from his text messages. I speculate they might have contacted each other using other methods.” Fabian also checked the other apps that the reporter might use to communicate such as WeChat and QQ but nothing strange could be found.
	“Well, tell Otto to continue following him. You should continue assisting him and report back once anything happened.” Amy knew that Matt was quite sly, he would not easily leave any clues for them to find.
	“Okay.” Fabian left all the information on Amy’s desk and went out.
	“Oh yeah, president, I also investigated the background of Marian. What she said was the truth, she does indeed live in the suburbs, and her family is indeed poor. I looked at their family photos and she was also in it. Her family said she went to the city to work as a nanny for many years. A while ago, she will often send money to her family. However, in the last six months, it seemed that she did not to send money to the family and has lost contact to them.” Fabian reported the news he had inquired about Marian to Amy.
	“The last six months? So Fabian, go and find out what she's been doing for the past six months, these six months are very important!” As soon as Amy heard that there had been some changes for the last six months in her life, she drew attention to it.
	“Okay, I'll do it right away!” Fabian got the order and immediately went to continue the investigation of Marian.
	Amy felt that Marian was someone familiar to her. However, she was not sure, she called home and asked Cathy and Robin to keep a close eye on Marian, not to let her take Allen away.
	“Mrs. Carter, you can rest assured, Allen is now like a hedgehog. Even without your concern, a few days ago, she wanted Allen to go out with her without any good reason. She was even starting to be aggressive about it. This made Allen sad so he beat her up. She was recently still in recovery!” Cathy originally wanted to fire Marian, but she thought about Amy’s instructions which was to let Marian to stay in Richard’s villa. She also wanted Cathy and Richard to closely monitor her.
	“Well, I have a suspicion on someone but I don’t have the evidence to back it up. Cathy, you have worked hard. Please help me take care of Allen, I'm afraid she has something against Allen. I can't let her go yet; I have to identify her first. It will be better if she continued to be under our surveillance other than being in other places. Cathy, tell Richard to send someone to monitor her!” Amy did not have any other methods to use anymore, this was the only plan she had. She really wanted to know Marian’s identity.
	After talking to Cathy, Amy called Robin and gave him some instructions.
	After finishing the matter at hand, a call from the company came in. Someone told her something happened in the finance department, William had a fight with another person!
Chapter 403 William’s Calculation
	“I’m the manager of the finance department, why can’t I read the financial statements?” William Carter put his hand on his hip while standing at the door.
	William did not realize when Amy Miller had arrived. He just wanted to look through the financial statements of the HD Group. Unfortunately, the deputy director of the finance did not want to show it to him therefore both had a dispute.
	“Those reports have been sealed. If you’d like to view them, you must get Mrs. Carter’s signature for approval before you can view them.” The assistant manager of the finance also refused to assist him, she was chosen by Amy to be her confidant.
	“Do not use her name to scare me. She’s also the daughter-in-law of the Carter family. I’m the young master of the Carter family. Can’t I look?” William did not realize that Amy was standing right behind him while he was still arguing with the assistant manager of the finance.
	“That’s my order. Without my signature, no one can view the financial statements. There’s no exception even if it’s you, William. Besides, you just started work today, you haven’t even understood the work process. Yet, you want to look at the previous financial statements. What does this mean?” Amy replied while standing behind him.
	William then realized that Amy was already behind him.
	“Amy, hahha.., I’m concerned about the interests of the HD Group. While we are on the management level, we’ve never seen them doing the financial statements. I’m worried that they might make false statement!” William seemed to be gentle at this time and he did not want to argue with Amy for the time being.
	“Don’t worry about it. Those statements were all approved and signed by Richard. I’m also responsible for signing them. If the company had a few issues, there would be a legal representative to take care of it. It’s none of your concerns therefore there was no need for you to check out the financial statements.” Amy started to feel skeptical about William. If those people weren’t her confidants, she would not know what kind of trick he wanted to do. |
	“Oh, you’re right about it. Mrs. Carter, I’m just being careful. If you’ve confirmed about it then there would not be anything wrong about it.” William completely gave up as there was no reason to continue the conversation.
	“Well, your job is very important too. You have to go around and deal with many government sectors therefore you’re working hard too. The financial part of the HD Group would depend on you in the future.” Amy replied politely at William although she did not like him at all. However, she still had to say something nice even though he did not have many achievements. At the same time, he was indeed one of the Carter family’s heirs therefore she did not want to create too many troubles with him.
	“That’s alright. The HD Group is ours. It’s totally normal for me to contribute something. Since I’m back, I’d like to buy a house. Can I borrow some money from the company to buy it first? Once I’ve received the dividends, then I’ll return it to the company.” William changed the topic and immediately asked Amy to borrow some money.
	“Okay, just use your dividends of the year to deduct it. If a year doesn’t work, two years would be fine. You’re a financial manager and you should know the procedures. You can borrow it once you’ve completed the procedures.” Amy agreed.
	William was expecting that Amy would disagree so that he had a reason to make a scene with her.
	Although she agreed but she insisted him to go through the procedures by himself. William was the financial manager and if he did not follow the procedures, it would be an awkward situation for him.
	There was no other way that William had to go through the steps to borrow the money. He needed some money to buy a new house. Something terrible happened to Richard even if the HD Group would go bankrupt, there should have some allocation of large amount of monetary for him therefore he needed to come back.
	After she finished dealing with William, she felt so tired. She was both physically and mentally tired. There were so many things to deal with from home to the company. There were so many things for her to settle. She was so busy that her head was about to blow up.
	“Amy, please take a rest. I’ll ask Robin to go to the hospital today.” During the noon time, Cathy brought some soup for calming her. Amy did not go back home for the past few days. Her daily routine was in between the company and hospital only.
	“Cathy, I keep feeling that Richard is going to wake up anytime soon, he should have heard my call.” Amy drank the soup and felt better instantly.
	“It’s not that fast, Andy Baker mentioned that this would depend on the fate and opportunity. If there were something triggered him then he would wake up. Even if he managed to wake up, his IQ would be affected.” Cathy felt upset while looking at her daughter-in-law.
	Amy also felt extremely tired, she needed to go back home to rest for a while.
	She agreed to let Robin to take care of Richard tonight while she went back and rest.
	Cathy informed Amy that she should eat and sleep on time. She needed to take good care of herself. If she collapsed, the rest of others would feel upset.
	Cathy left and Amy continued to focus on her work again.
	Everyone was gone when it was time to get off work. Amy dragged her restless body to the basement. When she arrived at the underground parking lot, there were a few cars around.
	When Amy opened the door and sat in. At this time, someone suddenly came sat in too.
	Amy almost attacked the person instinctively, but the person suddenly started the conversation.
	“Amy, it’s me, William.”
	William was waiting for Amy for quite some time. He wanted to tell her about something.
	“Oh, it’s you. What do you want to tell me?” Amy asked him.
	“Amy, I think that there’s something wrong about the assistant manager of finance. She’s always being mysterious and she did not let me see a lot of things especially the financial matters. She took it quite seriously, would she be doing some shifty things?” William filed a complaint about the assistant manager of the finance.
	“Oh really? Perhaps that she was being the assistant manager of the finance for quite a long time therefore she was being cautious about everything. Regarding the looking through of the financial statements, I’ve mentioned that you could look the external accounts but it would depend on you if you could find out about the government preferential promotion.” Amy did not follow his words but she brought him into her conversation instead.
	“Okay, Amy, I would not disappoint you. However, I’m not quite familiar about it. I’m not sure on where I could start from.” William was about to mention about his intention at this moment.
	“What do you think about letting me to manage the internal accounts while the assistant manager would handle the external accounts?”
	“William, do you know the purpose of the finance? Do you know what’s the differences between borrowing and loaning?” Amy was not in rush to talk back to him, she just used another way to remind him.
Chapter 404 Amy Miller Became the Matchmaker
	Amy Miller asked William Carter several questions, but he couldn’t answer them as he just wanted to catch the key parts of HD Group’s finance, he didn’t expect there would be so many troublesome things.
	“It isn’t impossible in fact you want to manage the internal financial. If you go and take a few qualification certificates first, I can pass all the financial affairs of HD Group to you. I will feel more at ease and relaxed since we know each other,” She said tactfully.
	William was like hitting his fist on cotton. He didn’t vent his emotions at all, instead he let Amy to set him up, making him more annoyed.
	“You mean I can’t manage the finance department?” he stopped pretending at this time.
	“I don’t mean that, it isn’t the first time you’ve been the leader. You should be very clear of the kind of qualifications to be a head of finance department.” She showed an innocent look on her face.
	Her words made him speechless. He was only thinking that he could see how much possessions HD Group actually had, that was why he went to the finance department, but he didn’t think that he really didn’t have the qualifications. Amy didn’t make him embarrassed as she asked him to go on errands.
	He thought, ‘No. I must know exactly how much money HD Group has. Since she already found out, she would definitely beware of me. I’ve to turn this job to a covert operation.”
	“Then forget it. Since I’ve returned to the company, I’ll work well and contribute to HD Group. I don’t care about anything else as I haven’t even mentioned about salary. Don’t you think so, Amy?” William realized he was in the wrong, so he stopped mentioning that matter and went on to talk about other stuff.
	“I do know this. I even feel much more relaxed with your help. You should have come back long ago to help Richard Carter,” She also said politely. No matter what, William was also a member of the Charter family and his influence was great, so there was no need to turn against him. He could say whatever he wanted as long as it didn’t affect the big picture.
	Then William went to his office, he had to discuss the way to know the current financial situation of HD Group with Matt Wilson. What he thought was how much money he could get if HD Group collapsed.
	After Amy finished dealing with his affairs, she was ready to go back and have a good rest at home today.
	“Ugly, don’t run away, I can’t catch you.” As soon as Marianentered the house, she was chasing after Allen, but he ignored her and just ran into the room. She kept chasing after him and knocked on the door when she reached the door.
	“Allen, open the door. I have something good here, do you want to have a look?” she said to Allen at the door, but he didn’t open it.
	“Marian, give me a glass of water,” Amy called her. Her sudden words made Marian startled. She had just managed to get rid of Cathy, how come Amy was back again? Didn’t she not return every day?
	“Mrs. Carter, you’re back? Yes, yes, I’ll get you some water right away.” As she saw that Amy had come back, she had to come downstairs and do it for her.
	“Marian, are you playing game with Allen?” she took a sip of water and spoke.
	“Yes, Mrs. Carter. Allen is a bit introvert, I want to cheer him up, so I often play some games with him.” She stood aside and spoke calmly. Her resilience was quite good.
	“Oh, that’s good, but where did Cathy and the others go? How come I didn’t see them when I came back?” Amy looked around and was a little puzzled when she didn’t see Cathy.
	“Oh, there were snakes in the garden, they went to check it out and they were going to put an end to it, so I’m here alone to play with Allen.” Her eyes blinked.
	“Snakes?” Amy was shocked. She had been in Richard’s villa for so long, but she had never seen snakes before. Moreover, there were gardeners checking there, why would there be snakes all of a sudden? This problem was quite serious as there was even a pit of snakes.
	“Yes, they scurry around in the garden. It’s so scary. I’m scared to death of snakes.” As she said, her face expression changed.
	Amy glanced at her as if there was nothing wrong with her either, but she was clear in her mind.
	“Marian, since when you have been a nanny? You’re not old, you should be married and have children, right? How come I haven’t seen your lover?” Amy put the matter of snakes just now aside. Since Cathy had gone there, there was no need for her to go any further.
	“Mrs. Carter, I haven’t gotten married yet, probably because I’m not good-looking. I’ve been introduced to some people, but they didn’t like me so I can’t do anything about it.” She even sighed after she finished speaking.
	“Oh, do you want to get married then? If you want, I can introduce you to someone. I think you’ll be very satisfied to that person,” Amy said to her.
	“Of course I want to get married. Every woman wants to find a man who loves her, but a lot of time it doesn’t work out that way.” She didn’t resist or agree to what she said.
	“That’s right, the one I’m introducing you to is Matt, the president of Wilson Group,” Amy said to her.
	As Marian heard it, her face expression could no longer be disguised. Her eyes were filled with desire and her greatest wish in her life was to marry Matt.
	“Mrs. Carter is joking. I’m a nanny, how come the president of Wilson Group will fall for me?” she lowered her head as she rubbed the hew of her clothes.
	“Fate is miraculous. I think you’re nice. You’re not only pretty, but also smart. He will definitely like you, and now he has inherited a large amount property, his company was comparable with our HD Group too. If you can marry him, you’ll enjoy endless wealth.” Amy’s face was full of sincerity when she spoke.
	“Mrs. Carter, do you mean that he will be fond of me? It would be a miracle if I could marry him.” Her face was aglow with light.
Chapter 405 What Did Allen See
	“Mrs. Carter, if you’re willing to help me with this matter, then I’ll be willing to repay you by doing anything.” Marian listened to her words and she felt that Amy was really fooled by her.
	“Alright, I’ll talk to Matt and inform you when there is news. I think it should be very hopeful.” After she finished her words, she went upstairs to look for Allen. It had been a long time since she had taken care of him last time. As a mother, Amy had really failed in her duty.
	When Allen heard his mother’s voice, he opened the door and quickly closed it after Amy came in.
	“Allen, have you been missing mommy a lot lately? It’s all mommy’s fault, I’m too busy.” As she looked at Allen who was hugging her leg, her heart was about to melt.
	“Mommy, I miss you, but I won’t interfere with your work if you’re busy.” He tilted his head and looked at his mother.
	Amy squatted down and held his face which was becoming more alike with Richard Carter. She was about to cry when looking at this face.
	“Mommy, where is daddy? Hasn’t he come back from his business trip yet?” Allen hadn’t seen his father for a long time.
	Amy put her arms around his soft little body tightly and this gave her hope as her child was still waiting for her!
	“Allen, daddy is sick and it will take a long time to recover, so he can’t come back for a while. I’ll return home to stay with you when I’m not taking care of him.” Amy felt sorry for her son as she didn’t have time to take care of him when he was so young.
	“Um, I know. Mummy, I tell you something.” He ran to the door again and checked carefully that it was indeed locked, then he pulled Amy closer.
	“Mummy, I saw the nanny carrying a jar into the garden, and there were snakes later on,” He said to Amy what he had seen.
	When Amy heard it, it was pretty much what she had guessed and Marian must have seen Allen. That was why she was chasing him just now, but he was so nimble and hid in his room.
	It seemed that the woman could no longer stay at home. If she did, she would probably cause danger to Allen.
	The situation in home wasn’t peace as she had found something bad about the cook before and now Marian was also in the house. She would have to deal with both of them.
	The next day Amy left the villa early. When Marian watched her leave, she intended to go to Allen and do something to him because he had witnessed it when she put something yesterday.
	Marian was walking ahead and she felt someone was following her behind. She turned around suddenly and knocked over something. The scalding porridge was poured on the person’s chest.
	“Ah, ah, you bitch!” the cook jumped and she slapped her face straight away.
	Marian hadn’t expected to knock over her things either and she was even beaten up inexplicably. She was exasperated so she grabbed her and didn’t let go. Two of them began to fight.
	“What are you doing? Stop it!” Cathy frowned when she came out of the room with Allen in her arms and saw them fighting on the stairs.
	Although they had stopped fighting, the cook’s chest was already burnt and blistered.
	“Madam, I’m in pain, I want to see a doctor.” the cook was aggrieved and pointed to her chest when talking to Cathy.
	“Madam, I’m in pain too. Look at what she has done to me.” Marian also pointed to her face which was swollen like a pig’s head as the cook used all her strength to hit her.
	“Go downstairs, I’ll let the doctor to take a look at you guys.” Cathy asked both of them to go downstairs and called someone to clear the stairway.
	The doctor then applied medicine to the cook and prescribed some for Marian to apply.
	“Doctor, will I get a scar here?” the cook asked the doctor as she pointed to her wound.
	“Of course it will, it’s so badly burned. It will leave deep scars even after the medicine is applied. It’s okay, no one will see this part anyway, just don’t wear clothes that are too revealing.” The doctor said with a straight face.
	When she heard that, she gave Marian a look with hatred in her eyes.
	“Why are you glaring at me? You’re the one walk behind me and sneak around. Who knows what you’re going to do? Doctor, look at my face. When will the swelling go down?” she looked at her swollen face. Even though it didn’t hurt much after applying the medicine, it was still red.
	“It should be fine in seven or eight days. The slap was a bit harsh and hurt the dermal tissue.” The doctor checked her face again, but he didn’t say how serious it was.
	At this moment, the landline rang. Cathy went to answer the phone and the person on the other end was looking for Marian.
	“Marian, Mrs. Carter is looking for you.” Cathy passed the phone to her.
	She didn’t expect Amy to look for her either, then she walked over and took the phone.
	“Marian, I have already contacted Matt for you. He said he can try to date, but he wants to meet with you this afternoon to get to know each other,” Amy said to her over the phone.
	When she heard this, she thought, ‘He really said in front of Amy that he wanted to date with me, so the words he said to me before were also true. But how could I go to see him with this ugly look now?’
	“Marian, what’s wrong with you? Is it because you don’t like him? If you don’t like, I’ll introduce you to someone else later.” Amy was about to hang up the phone when she noticed that Marian didn’t answer at all.
	“Wait a minute, I’ll go, I’ll go.” She didn’t want to miss any chance to get in touch with Matt too. She had to pretend when she should, but she still couldn’t miss the opportunity.
	Cathy let two of them who had just quarrelled to return to their posts. the cook was overly injured, thus she could rest for two days. The skin on her chest had been scalded and it looked scary.
	As Marian went back to her room, she felt excited beyond words when thinking that she would be able to see Matt in the afternoon. She took out her make-up tools and started to put on her make-up. Her face was still looked like a bun despite the medicine had been applied. Then she brushed her hair down to cover that half of her face.
	She thought, ‘Damn you, making me embarrassed so much. I’ll deal with you when I get the chance!’
Chapter 406 Richard can Be Discharged from the Hospital
	"Marian, this is Mr. Wilson, Matt Wilson. And this is my babysitter Marian." In the private room, Amy introduced Matt and Marian to each other.
	Matt and Marian sat at Amy's left and Amy's right, respectively. They shook hands as if they had never seen each other before.
	"The food can be served now." Amy nodded to the waiter. The waiter then went out and started preparing the food.
	"Amy, I really appreciate you. You not only cooperate with me in business, but also put my marriage into consideration. Nowadays, there are few women as gentle and virtuous as you." Matt's eyes weren't on Marian. He felt that he couldn't get enough of Amy.
	"Hahaha, Mr. Wilson, stop joking with me. Marian is more gentle and virtuous than me. She will definitely make you happy. Since Gina left you, you've been pretty devoted and haven't been with any other women. I didn't expect Mr. Wilson to be so devoted. You're really in love with Gina! I am so envious!" Anyone else who heard Amy's words would think that she was complimenting Matt, but Matt smiled awkwardly.
	He dumped Amy in the first place, and at this time, Amy said he was devoted. She was being sarcastic.
	"Really? Mr. Wilson is a very devoted man. Then I'd like to toast Mr. Wilson." When Marian heard that Matt once liked a woman very much, she didn't get angry but thought Matt was a nice man.
	"Well, I did have a breakup, but it was no big deal. She's not the reason I'm not in a relationship. I've been too busy lately with so much going on at work and in life. I think the feelings of two people when they first get together are the purest." Matt also found an opportunity to say his true feelings for Amy.
	"You guys keep talking. I'll go to the bathroom." Amy didn't want to give Matt a chance to talk about this. She deliberately avoided it.
	"What did you say to Amy? You actually let her introduce a girlfriend to me?" after Amy walked out of the private room, Matt immediately lowered his voice and said to Marian.
	"It's not me. She was the one who wanted to introduce a boyfriend to me. I was surprised too. She said I was getting older. Maybe she just pitied me." Marian pretended to be pitiful, trying to make Matt cherish her more.
	"Well, baby, you haven't been with me in a long time. I miss you so much. Let's go see a movie later. How about you come to my place, okay?" Matt put Marian's hand to his mouth and kissed it.
	"Okay." Marian nodded shyly.
	Matt liked some of Marian's moves. He just liked this kind of woman, especially one who was very similar to Amy. He was completely bored with Gina. She had so many fake things on her, including her boobs and hymen, which was so disgusting to him.
	"Okay, let's continue to pretend that we just met later. We'll leave after we eat." Matt felt happy at the thought that Marian's body was still clean. He finally found a real clean woman. Marian was from the countryside, so she wouldn't fix her hymen.
	"Sorry, I have a sudden emergency in my company. I have to go, so I won't accompany you to dinner. Take your time with the meal. If you're free, you can go see a movie and walk around the park." Amy came in and saw that Marian and Matt both sat in their respective seats properly. She smiled and said goodbye to them.
	"Then you just go do your work. We'll take our time with it." Matt politely said goodbye to Amy. His passionate eyes never left Amy, which made Marian feel displeased. However, her displeasure was for Amy, and she had nothing but affection for Matt.
	After Amy left, Matt pulled Marian to sit on his lap. He quickly slipped his hands inside Marian's shirt.
	"Mr. Wilson, don't do that." Marian struggled. However, she was not as strong as Matt, whose large hands rubbed hard on her boobs.
	Even when the waiter came in to serve the food, Matt still didn't let go. He hadn't touched a woman in a long time. At this point, he wasn't interested in the food. All he could see was Marian's face, which looked like Amy's.
	"Mr. Wilson, the food is served. Please let go of me." Marian pinched Matt. At this time, Matt was a little sober. Just now looking at Amy turned him on.
	Matt got Marian off his lap and onto his side, "Let's eat first. We'll do it after we eat." Matt served Marian food.
	Amy left and went to the hospital. She was a little uneasy that she didn't see Richard yesterday.
	Robin was cleaning Richard's body. Richard was almost recovered from his injuries. The cast and bandages on his body had slowly been taken off, including the gauze on his head. But he still didn't show any signs of waking up.
	"Mrs. Carter, why don't you get more rest?" Robin said to Amy. Richard's face got thinner and so did Amy's.
	"I'm well-rested. Robin, thank you for your hard work. I don't trust anyone else to take care of him." That was all Amy could say. This was a critical time. William was back and it wasn't peaceful at home. She really didn't feel at ease to let others take care of Richard.
	"Mrs. Carter, the doctor just said that Mr. Carter can only recover slowly by nursing. It is useless for him to stay in the hospital. We have doctors and nurses at home. If he just needs fluids, we can take him home to recuperate." Robin told Amy what the doctor had said this morning.
	Amy didn't respond for a moment. She looked at Robin confusedly.
	"What do you mean?"
	"Mrs. Carter, the doctor means that Mr. Carter's injuries are almost healed. Although he can't wake up now, there's no need for him to stay in the hospital. He can go home. Mr. Carter can be discharged from the hospital." Robin gave Amy a brief explanation of what the doctor had said.
	"Richard can go home? Great! Then I can take care of him every day. I don't have to go back and forth between the hospital and home." Amy was happy to hear that Richard could be discharged from the hospital. She didn't have to go back and forth between the hospital and home anymore. She could take care of both her husband and son at home.
	"Mrs. Carter, please calm down. The doctor also said another thing!" Robin saw Mrs. Carter's happy face and remembered that the doctor had said another thing.
Chapter 407 The Feud Between Marian and the cook
	Amy was so happy when she heard Robin say that Richard could be discharged from the hospital. However, Robin said something else.
	"Mrs. Carter, the doctor also said that Mr. Carter is in good health and is very resilient and has a strong desire to live. He will probably wake up soon." Robin was in tears as he spoke.
	"Really? Is that really what the doctor said? Robin, Robin, I'm so excited. I'm so excited." Amy looked at Richard, who was motionless. Would he wake up soon?
	"That's what the doctor said. But he just said it was possible. The key has to be our efforts," Robin said to Amy.
	Amy was so excited that she even didn't know what to do. She walked back and forth in the ward. At this moment, she couldn't even express her feelings in words.
	Richard could finally be discharged from the hospital, and Amy didn't have to go back and forth between the hospital and home. She could take care of her husband and her son at the same time.
	Richard didn't wake up, but his sleeping face was so sound that he didn't look like he was sick. People who didn't know the truth would think he was sleeping.
	Allen knew his dad was back. He ran to Richard's bedside and touched Richard's face with his chubby small hands.
	"Mommy, is Daddy sleeping? He's sleeping so deeply. Why doesn't he talk to Allen?" Allen looked up at Amy with his shiny eyes.
	"Daddy is sick, so he looks like he's asleep. But when Daddy gets better, he'll be able to hold you up high," Amy said to Allen with excitement and relief.
	Allen didn't understand, but he still nodded nicely. Anyway, as soon as Daddy woke up, he could play with him.
	Amy was full of energy every day. She felt especially happy when she thought she could see her family when she got home.
	People always didn't know how to cherish what they had. She had never felt so attached to her family, her husband, and her kid before. Since this happened, she cherished her family even more.
	Marian was rarely at home these days. She often took time off at work. It seemed that she and Matt hit it off. She didn't have to ask to know how far they had come.
	The cook also got better. Amy gave her some good ointment for the burns, so she recovered quickly. However, she had already made an enemy with Marian. She always waited for an opportunity to get back at Marian.
	Marian put on light makeup. She knew that men liked women to look natural. Women who wore heavy makeup were other men's women. Men didn't like their women to be too flashy.
	When she walked to the door, she saw the cook standing at the door. She was not afraid of the cook and walked over directly.
	"You're going to see your boyfriend, huh? Aren't you afraid that Mrs. Carter will fire you if you take time off every day?" the cook said to Marian.
	"Fire me? Well, my boyfriend is Mrs. Carter's business partner, so she won't fire me. My man misses me every day. There's nothing I can do about it. If I don't see him, he'll have a hard time. I'm not like you. You are lucky to be free every day," Marian said to the cook with her lips twitched. She despised the cook's fat body.
	"If any man like a woman like you, that man must be blind. Your boobs are obviously fake. You can only fool men. To a woman, you are a fake." the cook poked Marian's boobs with her hands. Marian immediately shook her hands away.
	"Get your dirty hands off me. You can find a good man too if you can! Don't be jealous of me! I'm busy, so I won't fight with you. I'm in a good mood!" Marian twisted her waist and walked away.
	The cook wasn't angry. She just sneered at Marian's back.
	Matt took Marian in his arms and went to bed. He was obsessed with Marian's body. Her body was tight and supple, just like a young girl's.
	The two lovely breasts of Marian's made Matt love her even more. He rubbed them very hard every time.
	"Baby, I miss you so much. Don't go back. Just stay with me. Every time I miss you, you're not by my side." Matt's hands already started to squeeze Marian's boobs.
	"No, we're not married. How can I live with you? My family is very conservative. If they know that I have slept with you and lost my virginity, they will definitely beat me to death." Marian looked sad as she spoke.
	"Of course, I'll marry you. But I've just inherited the property and I haven't got my control fully in Wilson Group yet. I'll definitely marry you when I get everything settled." Matt was into it by this time and kept lying to Marian.
	"Oh, Mr. Wilson, it's not that I don't believe you, but we're so different. I have no way to believe you. I came here this time to break up with you. Since you can't marry me, I'll have to marry an ordinary person. I'm already thirty years old." Marian lowered her head with a very aggrieved look.
	Matt was in deep thought at this time. He had seen a lot of tricks from women. This woman was obviously using another method to force him to marry her.
	However, he increased his strength out of anger and made Marian hurt, but Marian was too embarrassed to say it.
	"What's wrong? Are you uncomfortable? Marian, I understand what you mean. It's not that I don't want to marry you, but I'm not ready to get married now. I want to give you more and better, but I can't right now." Matt kissed Marian's face as he watched her shed tears.
	"Mr. Wilson, I beg you to leave me alone. I am already thirty years old. If I don't get married, my parents will push me. Last time they even called me and wanted to introduce me to a man from the neighboring village!" Marian cried. She deliberately pressed her boobs close to Matt's chest, letting him feel her softness.
	"Well, I'll give your parents a large amount of money. I'll visit them and tell them to stop pushing you. Marian, I can't leave you now." Matt really didn't have a fixed date since Gina left.
	"Then can I call you Matt?" Marian lifted her tearful eyes and looked at Matt as an elk.
	"Yes, you can call me whatever you want. But I just want to have you right now!" Matt pushed Marian down on the bed. Then he pressed closer to her. But when he saw Marian's boobs, he threw up.
Chapter 408 Get Rid of the Foes
	When Matt looked down at Marian's chest again, he fell onto the side of bed and vomited. After vomiting, he slapped Marian in the face.
	"Bitch, how dare you fucking fool me?" Matt had lost all his excitement. When he got dressed, he stood up and was going to walk towards the door.
	"Matt, what's the matter with you? What have I done wrong? " Marian still didn't know what had gone wrong. Without caring the fact that she had not worn any clothes and shoes, she rushed to Matt's feet and held Matt.
	Matt gave her a kick. "Look at your boobs, what’s fake is fake. I’m fucking unlucky, this is the second time I see fake boobs, what's the matter with this world? Why do women have to ruin themselves like this?" Matt pointed at Marian’s breasts.
	Marian only then looked down. She noticed her breasts had been moulded into a very strange shape by Matt’s grab. There was even Matt's handprint on it. It did look really terrible, and it was obvious to tell they were fake boobs.
	Marian panicked at this time. She had done the best breast surgery, why would such a thing happen? Why would it deform after being grabbed? It had never happened when she was with Matt before.
	"No, it’s not it, Matt, I don't know what's going on either, someone must be setting me up." Marian hugged Matt's leg again.
	"Someone set you up? I don't believe a real breast would deform after being grabbed. Also your hymen and your firmness, did you get those all made too? What a calculating woman, we are over!" Matt kicked Marian away with another foot.
	But Marian held his leg again. She held both Matt's legs.
	"Matt, oh Matt, I'm really innocent. Please believe me, you have to believe me. You're my first boyfriend, you're really my first boyfriend." Marian bawled, the mucus from her nose and saliva got on Matt's trouser legs, which made Matt disliked it very much.
	"Forget it, we can go to the hospital to check. I bet your uterus has become like a loofah net?" Matt kicked her out again. He walked out indifferently.
	Marian plopped herself down on the carpet. She thought she was about to succeed, but what had gone wrong to her breast now?
	Marian grabbed her breasts with curiosity again, and her breasts were further deformed as expected.
	She had used the most advanced silica gel, and the doctor had assured her there will be no side effects for life, but what was going on now?
	Marian recalled that her breasts were only touched by the cook when she went out today. It must be Amy who asked the cook to do it. Otherwise, how would a cook like her know her breasts are fake?
	"Amy Miller, what a hypocrite you are. You said you want to introduce Matt to me, but actually you just want to make me embarrassed. You better watch out, Amy Miller, I’ll pay you back all the favour." She murmured to herself, and her hatred towards Amy increased a bit.
	After changing clothes, Marian could only come out. Matt would not pay her any single attention this time. He was the man whom she was fond of all the time, but now she had failed completely again.
	Marian took her bag and hurried back to the villa with rage. She wanted to deal with the cook, and also Amy!
	When Marian returned to the villa, the cook happened to be wandering in the yard, but judging from her posture, it seemed that she was not afraid of Marian, but was waiting for her to come back instead.
	"Cook, come here!" Marian saw the cook, she rushed over and fought with the cook.
	The cook happened to be full of resentment and she had nowhere to vent her anger. When Marian with her petite figure rushed over, the cook greeted her with her plump body.
	Marian didn't have much advantage in terms of fighting. She was a little petite, and the cook was much stronger, so she soon became the disadvantaged one.
	When Amy got the news and came down to see, the cook was sitting on Marian, clutching Marian's hair and smashing her for a while.
	"Help, help." Marian let out a shrill.
	"Somebody, pull them apart!" Amy asked Robin to call some men to pull the two crazy women apart.
	"Both of you go to Robin’s and got your salaries, now. The Carter’s doesn't allow servants to fight and quarrel, you know all this. Say nothing more, the rules can't be changed!" Amy said to the two women with a gloomy look.
	"Mrs. Carter, it's her. She had done something to me just to make a fool of me." Marian refused to leave. She blamed the cook right away.
	"Mrs. Carter, I've worked here for many years, you know what kind of person I am. This woman is not someone good. She wanders around every day, inquiring about everything. Mrs. Carter, she should be driven away, she looks like someone’s undercover!" The cook did not give in and she pointed right at Marian’s nose.
	Marian was disadvantaged at this time. She can't show Amy her injured part at this time too. What would she get even if she let her see it, it could be Amy was the one who asked the cook to do it.
	"Mrs. Carter, you have to rely on your conscience. I've been here for so long, and I've always tried my best to serve the family." Marian wiped the tears on her face and tidied up her disheveled hair.
	"I know what kind of people you are well, what you did today have violated the family rules, so it's useless to say anything. Robin, act according to the family law!" Amy turned and left.
	Although she didn't ask why, she knew what had exactly happened. She had ‘unintentionally’ told Cathy what a silicone softener is, which can make a fake breast show its original shape.
	No matter how Marian and the cook persuaded, Robin still settled their salaries and dismissed them in accordance with the family rules.
	"So? You think you'll be happy after beating me, aren't you fired too?" Marian took her own baggage and looked at the cook who was as embarrassed as herself.
	"You come to beat me first, how could you say it’s me who beat you? You stinky bitch!" The cook wanted to hit her again.
	"Come on, save it. Let's see where else we can work. Otherwise, we'll have problem filling our stomach, could you be more sensible now?" Marian rolled her eyes at the cook.
	The cook rolled her eyes at her too, and they split, going each other’s own way.
	"Wonderful, we’ve got rid of two people at once, now it’s more peaceful," Robin said deferentially to Amy.
	"Not necessarily. There may still be spies in this family, it’s just that they’ve hidden too well and we can’t find them at the moment." Amy didn't feel relaxed after they were dismissed. On the contrary, she still felt that her home was not a peaceful place.
Chapter 409 Cooperation between the HD Group and the Wilson Group
	Robin frowned after listening to Amy's words. He didn't think it was unsafe here. He had been working for the Carter family for many years and was still very experienced, but he really didn't find anyone suspicious.
	"Mrs. Carter, I'll be careful. You're right. This person really hides too deep. I haven't found anything wrong with anyone at all." When Robin said this, he still looked guilty.
	"Uncle, this has nothing to do with you. We just need to pay more attention. We should be careful when we say anything. This time, the walls have ears." After finishing, Amy went upstairs. There had been too many things happening recently. She urgently needed to communicate with Richard.
	"Richard, I think I still lack a lot of things, when comparing to you. Yet you've been lazy here all the time, and I feel so tired dealing with all those." Amy lied on Richard's chest and murmured. Although she used to think she was working hard alone, most of the time, it was Richard who got rid of the obstacles for her beforehand.
	In the past, Amy didn't know what Richard had done. Later, she became more and more aware of what Richard had done for her.
	"Richard, please wake up. Didn't you say we want another daughter? Didn't you say you want to take me to travel around the world? Didn't you say you want to love me and spoil me for the rest of life? But you've been lying on the bed, you're not someone who will go against your words, right?" Amy knew Richard couldn't hear her, so she aired her grievances.
	"Richard, the repair of the resort of the Newell Group will be finished soon. You also have a share of that resort! Finnley's share is your share. Although you haven't mentioned it all the time, I know it now. You helped me through the most difficult time. Honey, I love you and I love you all my life. If you think it's not enough, how about we still be husband and wife in the next life?" Amy managed to cheer herself up as she said that. She lied on Richard's chest and looked forward to their future.
	Richard's heart was still beating very strongly. Amy actually fell asleep as she listened to his rhythmic heartbeat. She lied on Richard and felt his smell, his temperature and his heartbeat. Amy slept very calmly. She did not even notice Richard's fingers moved.
	Amy’s hands were numb when she woke up from Richard’s chest in the early morning. She moved a little. She glanced at Richard again, stooped and kissed Richard's face. She then went out to have breakfast and went to work afterwards.
	Recently, William had kept a low profile. He didn't cause anymore troubles in the company, instead, he worked very conscientiously.
	William's diligence did not make Amy relieved, but made her feel that he had something deeper in mind.
	"Amy, when I passed by the florist’s today, I found that this pot of gardenia is very beautiful. Since I think you’ll like it very much too, I decided to buy it and give it to you." Matt walked into Amy's office with a ceramic flowerpot in his hand.
	They were going to discuss about some cooperative projects between the Wilson Group and the HD Group today, so Matt came to Amy's office of the HD Group early.
	"Thank you, Mr. Wilson." Amy pretended that she didn’t know what had happened between Matt and Marian. She mentioned Marian again seemingly unintentionally.
	"I can see you’re looking cheerful recently, is it because you’ve dated someone dazzling? You look exceptionally refreshed," Amy teased Matt.
	"Stop teasing me, Amy. Oh, that woman is really just a scumbag. Amy, you owe me a favor. When will you introduce me a good woman again?" Matt didn’t dare to say that Amy had introduced him a terrible woman. He can't bear to say that.
	"Why? What happened between you two? I remember you once said to me that Marian is a very good girl, and that’s why I introduced her to you, otherwise I won't introduce a nanny to a dignified person like you." Amy straightaway denied her involvement in this matter.
	"Never judge a book by its cover. I thought that she was pretty and was quite deft in her work in the first place. I didn't expect that she was a fake woman. She was fake everywhere, you know? It's all fake. What I hate most is not women that are ugly, but women that are fake!" Matt was a little sentimental when he said that. Gina, his girlfriend in the past was fake everywhere too. Now that he had found a woman who was similar to Amy, he did not expect that she was fake everywhere too.
	"Fake? Mr. Wilson, speaking of fake, I’ve remembered someone, that person is fake all over the body too, and you know that person too." Amy deliberately stopped halfway to leave a cliffhanger.
	Matt certainly knew what Amy meant, it was just that he had no idea where that woman had gone too. He hoped she was dead so as not to harm other people in this world.
	"Amy, stop making fun of me. I regretted losing the jade to pick up the stone back then. If you laugh at me again, I'll have to find some place to bury myself." Having mentioned the past, he was flooded with remorse.
	"Oh, it's time, Mr. Wilson, we should go to the meeting now. Let’s talk when we're free afterwards." Amy didn't want to mention what happened back then again. That couple was really disgusting that they actually wanted to set her up!
	"Oh, okay, let's go out together then." Matt put the gardenia in place and walked out of the office with Amy.
	Amy deliberately walked a little faster. She didn't want to walk with Matt. She would feel sick if she did.
	"Amy, you should be careful when you’re walking with high heels. Mind the ground." Seeing Amy walking in a hurry, he certainly knew what Amy meant. Yet he was shameless enough and he no longer cared about anything in order to achieve his goal.
	"Yes, I know that, Mr. Wilson, after you!" Amy stopped and asked Matt to go ahead, but Matt didn't buy it at all and he insisted to walk with her.
	After going out of the office, they came to the reception hall. All the assistants and Matt's people had arrived, but Matt didn't expect that Andrew was one of his assistants too.
Chapter 410 A Surprise
	Matt didn’t expect newcomers to be among his assistants. Andrew was sitting down quietly, minding his own business among them. He was the only one who didn’t look up when Matt entered the room.
	“Oh Mr. Wilson, you must have a lot of time to be here and watch me do business,” Matt said nonchalantly and sat opposite Amy. Both parties involved in the business negotiation sat on opposite sides of the table. Each of them had a copy of a document in their hands. The assistants were watching nervously from the sides.
	Andrew acted as if he heard nothing and kept his head low, not looking at Matt.
	“Today, we are discussing the collaboration with Wilson Group on the hotel’s operations. Let’s look at the documents first and see what needs to be modified.” Amy hosted the meeting.
	Soon, only the sounds of pages turning could be heard. The meeting room was silent, so silent to the point where it seemed like the wind was blowing over the pages with no one around.
	Ten minutes later, Amy spoke again. Both companies were now as established as the other, and with the aim of gaining mutual benefit, it was easy to come to a decision that everyone was happy with.
	After just about two hours into the meeting, the contract was already signed and legally binding.
	“Amy, I hope we can collaborate more in the future.” Matt extended his hand. He wanted to shake hands with Amy.
	“Mr. Matt Wilson, I’m sure we’ll work together for more projects next time. We hope to learn from you too.” Amy cleverly rejected Matt’s invitation to shake hands.
	Matt could only retract his hands in embarrassment, “Do you have time tonight? I’d like to take you out to dinner and discuss the specifics of this cooperation in depth.” Matt invited Amy for dinner.
	“We can talk about this tomorrow. Tonight isn’t a good time for me. Plus, you’re too generous, Mr. Matt Wilson. You don’t need to treat me to dinner, and we can just discuss the details in your office.” Amy displayed a charming smile on her face.
	“Sure then. Amy, you need to take care of yourself too. Richard is already in a dire situation. You can’t collapse now.” Regardless of how unhappy Matt was, he still gave Amy an affectionate smile.
	“Yeah, thank you for your concern, Mr. Matt Wilson. I need to head back to prepare for our cooperation. Let’s get back to work now, and we’ll see each other in a few days again.” In the next meeting, they would be talking more about the synergy of the cooperation and hence, Amy let Matt leave first. She still had work to do.
	“Well, then I’ll be leaving first. Amy, you must stay well. I’ll be sad if you collapse.” Before Matt left, he left such a sentence behind. It gave Amy goosebumps all over her body.
	“How shameless,” Amy said while looking at Matt’s leaving figure.
	Matt was so smug with his status, but it was the truth that he was in good luck to have inherited such a huge sum of wealth. It was no surprise for him to be such a snob.
	“Exactly! Do you want me to get people to give him a good beating?” Lucy and Finnley were standing behind Amy.
	“Forget it. There’s no point wasting our time on him. It’s not worth it.” Amy dragged the pair away.
	“Come on. My mother-in-law made a few new kinds of tea for me. I’ll give a box to each of you. It’s my treasured collection that can’t be bought with money.” Then, the three ladies went back to Amy’s office happily.
	The meeting went smoothly today. Matt was satisfied with all her plans, so regardless of his motive, it was a success for the company. She wasn’t at a disadvantage anyway.
	Upon returning home, Amy started humming. She was in a good mood today, and everything she saw seemed to be more beautiful than how they usually looked.
	But the house was silent with no one at home at all!
	“Cathy! Robin! Allen! Where are you guys?” Amy looked down at her phone. There weren’t any missed calls on it.
	After looking around the house, Amy still found no signs of Cathy and Robin. When she went out to the garden to ask the gardener, they had no answers for her question too.
	Amy wandered around for a moment. She still had no idea where everyone was. Anxiety hit her, and she dashed up to her room on the second floor, wanting to take a look at Richard. She opened the door and welcomed her was the sight of the room which was in a mess while Richard was nowhere to be seen.
	Amy called Cathy in a hurry, but it wasn’t answered. Then, she tried to call Robin, but the sound of his ringtone came from the living room. How busy must he be to have forgotten his phone?
	This got Amy’s pretty brows scrunching tightly together. Where did everyone at home go? Why didn’t they tell the other servants at home? Could it be that something has happened to Richard?
	With no choice left, Amy called Andy who was far away abroad. She needed his help to ask if her family members were in the hospital which his family owned.
	Andy made a call to the hospital to confirm her doubts. Turned out they were there. After hearing from Andy that Richard and the others were at the hospital, Amy hung up the call and left the house, speeding on the roads to the destination.
	“Although Mr. Carter is conscious now, but his head had been severely hit, so it caused some serious damage to his brain tissues. His IQ might be affected to a certain degree.” The doctor explained to Cathy.
	Richard sat silently on the chair and listened to the doctor attentively, but he couldn’t understand anything.
	“Richard, are you thirsty?” After Cathy finished listening to what the doctor had to say, she took out a bottle of water.
	“No, I’m not thirsty.” Richard shook his head.
	Cathy put the water bottle back, but then Richard wanted her to buy him some other drinks.
	“I want that. Buy it for me.” Richard pointed to the yogurt drink in a kid’s hands. He wanted that.
	“Robin, buy it for him. Allen, tell daddy that he should eat less of those kinds of food. It’s for kids.” Cathy got Robin to buy the drink, not forgetting to tell Allen what to say to Richard.
	“Okay, I’ll tell him whenever I have time, but why can’t daddy drink that? I think it’s delicious.” Although Allen promised Cathy, he couldn’t understand why he had to do that.
	“Allen, no one will laugh at you if you drink that because you’re a kid. But if your daddy drinks that in front of others, don’t you think it’s inappropriate?” Cathy squatted down and explained to Allen.
	“Mummy, why did all of you come to the hospital? How’s Richard?” Amy hurried into the ward. When she saw Richard sitting on the chair, she was stunned.
Chapter 411 I Say I Don’t Want To Eat It
	When Amy arrived at the hospital, she heard Cathy talking to Allen, and when she walked in, she saw Richard sitting on the bench.
	Amy threw her bag onto the floor.
	Feeling someone walking into the ward. Richard raised his head and looked at Amy.
	A few months of suffering from illness made Richard look much gaunt, but he was still very handsome. However, his eyes were not as sharp as they were in the past anymore. What left was just confusion.
	"Richard, she is Amy, that is your wife." As soon as Cathy saw Amy coming inside, she hurriedly explained it to Richard.
	"What's wife?" Richard muttered.
	But Amy pounced on Richard and hugged his head tightly to her chest.
	Richard evaded subconsciously but Amy's strength was so strong that Richard failed to get rid of her hug.
	"Richard, Richard, are you awake? are you awake?" Amy's tears fell like broken pearls.
	"Please let go of me! Please." Richard pushed and shoved Amy. He was covered so tightly that he could hardly breathe.
	"Richard, she is your wife. You have to listen to her, and you can't make her angry. Do you understand?" Cathy hurriedly said to Richard.
	Richard gave up struggling, allowing Amy to hug himself without saying anything. He tilted his head upwards to avoid suffocating himself.
	"Richard, Richard." Amy lowered her head again at this time, cupped his face in her hands and looked into his eyes. Once, his eyes were so deep and elusive to many, but now they were clear. What had happened to him?
	"Mom, what has happened to Richard?" Amy shifted her gaze to Cathy again.
	"Well, Amy, Richard is fine now, but his IQ has been affected a little. The doctor said that he would recover slowly." Cathy glanced at her son. It was really lucky that he survived and woke up in such a short time. All this was because of Halbert’s blessing.
	"Oh, that doesn't matter. As long as he's fine, it's better than anything." Amy was also relieved. It was nothing serious though his IQ had been affected a little.
	"Mrs. Carter, Mr. Carter’s physical condition is almost recovered. In case of any problem, just call me. There is no need for you to go back and forth anymore." That doctor's attitude was very kind, probably because Andy had specially instructed.
	"Okay, thank you very much." Amy and Cathy expressed their thanks to the doctor.
	All of Richard's tests had been completed and the indicators were all normal, so everyone was relieved. The doctor even praised that Richard could wake up so early all because of their care, and all of the indicators were up to standards.
	When they went into the car, both Amy and Allen wanted to sit next to Richard to show their kindness. Richard looked so lovely when he was confused not knowing what to do.
	"Mom, you are with dad every day. I should sit next to dad now." Allen did not care that much but sat on Richard's lap directly. Amy had no choice since she could not sit on Richard's lap in front of everyone as what Allen had done.
	Richard felt that this child was quite funny, then he reached out his hands and hugged Allen. Because the car was a little shaky, he was afraid that the child may fall.
	Seeing his father hugging her, Allen smiled at Amy when Amy made a face. Seeing this lovely family of three from the rearview mirror, Cathy, who was sitting in the front of the car, smiled happily. No matter what had happened, as long as the people were still there, it's good news.
	"Daddy, why don't you use chopsticks to eat?" Allen asked curiously as he watched Richard use his hands to get the food.
	Richard looked at the chopsticks that everyone seemed to be using, and he saw a pair of chopsticks in front of him. He put down the dish in his hand and went to get the chopsticks, but he just couldn’t do it no matter how hard he tried.
	"Well, dad has just recovered a little. Let him use his hands. The soup can be drunk with a spoon." Amy looked at Richard sympathetically and put a spoon in his bowl to make it easier for him to drink the soup.
	Looking at Amy who was eating with the spoon, Richard also learned to drink slowly with the spoon. The taste was very good and his favorite taste.
	"Richard, this is your favorite food. Taste and see if you like it?" Since Richard had been lying in bed for a long time, his intestines and stomach were already weakened, and all the food he took was mainly liquid.
	Amy gave Richard a bowl of millet porridge, and she coaxed him to eat it.
	The millet porridge looked pretty good. Richard took over the millet porridge and tasted it with a spoon, but he felt it not as good as it looked like.
	"This is not delicious." Richard immediately frowned and put the bowl down. Richard did not like eating millet porridge before he was ill. Amy just wanted to let the brain-impaired Richard try millet porridge, but he still did not like eating it.
	"Eat more! This is your favorite food." Amy coaxed Richard, but Richard insisted on not eating it. He became a little angry that he even pouted.
	"I have said that I don't want to eat it! I want to drink soup!" Richard pointed to the soup he just drank and thought it was very tasty.
	After finishing the soup, Richard became sleepy. Although he recovered a lot, he had been injured for so long that he still couldn’t adapt to this environment well.
	After Amy supported Richard to his bedroom, he fell asleep in bed, even forgot to take off his clothes.
	Amy took his clothes off so that he could sleep comfortably.
	Richard lay down in bed and quickly fell asleep. Now, he was careless to anything. He did not even know who he was, just like Allen. Amy was very envious of him.
	In the large supermarket, Amy pushed a shopping cart filled to the brim. After Richard woke up, his life also had a lot more fun. Buying food and articles for use for Richard had become a big hobby for her.
	"Amy, are you going to move all the commodities in the supermarket back home?" Matt appeared behind Amy again. He had long found Amy shopping in the supermarket, and after he followed Amy shopping for a while, he found that Amy bought a lot of things for men. Matt felt very strange because there was no other man except Richard who could let Amy buy things. Could it be that Richard was awake? It should not be possible. He had never heard of this, and his spies had never reported anything about Richard to him!
Chapter 412 The Noise Outside the Supermarket
	"Oh, president Matt, you are also here. I didn't expect you to buy things in the supermarket as well." What Amy said was sarcastic. Matt hated shopping actually.
	"Now, everything has been different. I need to buy everything by myself, but it's good, otherwise I wouldn't have run into you!" Matt looked at Amy's stuff all piled up and smiled.
	"Oh, then I'll go first. Goodbye, president Matt." Amy kept calling Matt as president to deliberately maintain the distance between them.
	Amy left after finished talking, but when she walked out of the supermarket and before she found her parking space, a person crashed over and knocked the things in Amy's hand to the ground. The woman also intended to hit Amy at a very fast speed, but Amy quickly reacted, grabbed the woman’s hand, and kicked the woman’s leg.
	"Amy, you bitch. When your man was lying in bed, you should have had an affair with my man. You are really a shameless woman." The woman began to cry, attracting a lot of people to come around. There were some onlooking reporters taking pictures.
	Amy subconsciously went to block the limelight when Marian jumped up from the ground, pushed Amy hard. Amy was not prepared for this, her body stumbled and fell backwards.
	But fortunately, someone behind her held her, so she did not fall ungainly. "Amy, be careful." The voice of Matt came from behind.
	Amy felt that she might as well have fallen. Matt held Amy to stand straight, and then he seemed to have noticed Marian.
	"Why are you here? Are you looking for trouble with Amy?" Matt looked at Marian with disgust as he stood between Amy and Marian.
	"Matt, it’s none of your business. This is the woman who has caused me to lose my job and humiliated. I want to settle the score with her!" Marian said and was about to pounce on Amy again, but Matt pulled her back.
	"Marian, I'm warning you. You can't do anything to Amy or I will revenge." Matt pushed Marian to the side. Those reporters seized the opportunity and took photos ceaselessly.
	"Matt, please let those reporters go away. They could only spread rumors." Amy asked Matt to drive the reporters away. If the photos were released today, people would really misunderstand and thought that the two women were fighting for a man.
	"Okay, you all go away. This is a private matter and it has nothing to do with you. Go! All of you." Matt really listened to Amy's words to drive away those reporters, but they were surrounded by so many people and reporters. When he drove one end of the crowd, there was another. Marian just guarded Amy not let her go.
	"Your man was no longer potent. Are you looking for another man for yourself? Do you still say you are a good woman? I think you are labeling yourself, are you? You seduced my man and made him abandon me. You are really a wicked woman!" Seeing Matt driving away the reporters, Marian acted like a victim and spoke to everyone with sobbing voice.
	"Everyone, please think over it! As a woman, I find a good man with many efforts, but this woman, who has abandoned her own man, deprives of my man. As soon as she knew that my man had a huge inheritance, she turned back to seduce my man. They were already divorced. Why is she still entangled in our relationship?" Marian cried very sadly to make the onlookers think that Amy was a mistress.
	"Nowadays, people are really shameless. The Carter family is rich enough, isn’t it? Richard has been ill for months, so this woman must not be able to hold down her loneliness. That’s why she became a mistress and got involved in other family’s affairs." People in the crowd came to create a disturbance.
	When Matt realized that he could not drive away the reporters, he could only return to Amy's side again.
	"Amy, let's go first or the people here will increase as the rush hour is coming." Matt pulled Amy to go.
	"You bitch. Don’t go. I have not finished my words. Matt, you can’t abandon me just because she turned back. Matt, I love you, not your money. Whether you are rich or not, I will be at your side." Marian hugged Matt's leg and did not let him go.
	People around were again judging Matt and Amy, saying that they were adulterer and adulteress.
	"What has happened here? Why is it so noisy?" Just when Amy was in a difficult situation, someone slowly and methodically walked over, and pulled Amy from Matt's hand with his hand.
	"Kingsley?" Kingsley, who hadn’t been seen in R City for a long time, appeared in Amy's sight now.
	"Do you think I came here in time?" Kingsley looked at the aggrieved Amy. Women could work as men, but women still had a fatal weakness and that’s reputation. This woman today seized the weakness of Amy and trapped Amy here.
	"Kingsley?" Matt also saw Kingsley. Hadn’t he already gone back to DL City? What was he doing in the R City?
	"Matt! It's been a long time!" Kingsley still looked like a dick.
	"Don't gather around here. There is nothing going on. You all gathered here, which will make people think as if there is someone dead. Look this woman! She is pretty, but why is she hugging this man's leg and making herself so cheap?" Kingsley looked at Marian with contempt.
	When Marian saw Kingsley, she was in a bit of a trance. This man was really good looking, much better than Matt.
	"If you guys want to staying here, I have nothing more to say but will take my sister-in-law back. Recently, there are so many things within the family that I have no time to visit my brother and also let my brother-in-law suffer so much." Kingsley grabbed Amy and was about to leave this place.
	"Don’t let her go. She is not allowed to go. She is not allowed to go unless she explains to me clearly about seducing my man!" Marian suddenly understood that this man came to save Amy. Her heart was even more uncomfortable. Why did so many men like Amy? Why the men who liked her are so excellent? She just wanted a Matt and that’s a luxury.
	"Are you saying that she has seduced your man? Are you sure you're not talking in your sleep here? Everyone, now take a look! How do I look like compared to this Mr. Matt? All of you, please answer my question sincerely?" Kingsley's smile got even deeper at this time.
	Amy knew Kingsley. The happier the smile looked, the worse the ideas in his heart were!
Chapter 413 Family Union
	"You are better looking than him!" completely fascinated by Kingsley, Marian looked at Kingsley’s exquisite face and murmured.
	Suddenly she was startled and immediately changed her words, "No, no, he's not as good looking as you." Marian hurriedly said to Matt again, but Matt's face was already sullen.
	When Marian grabbed the corner of Matt's coat, Matt quickly pulled back.
	"Yes, you have said that I am much handsome than him. I am no less rich than him. So, if it were you, who would you choose? Of course, Amy is not you. She has never looked at me, so let alone your man!" Kingsley said slowly and methodically.
	At the moment, people around began to talk again. They first recognized that Kingsley was much good-looking than Matt, and then they questioned the words of Marian. Everyone would like Kingsley and who else would like to have an affair with her man?
	"Is that woman a stupid? She has money and good looking and will get any man she wants. There is no possibility that she has an affair with other man."
	"That's right. She treated her man as a treasure, but other people don't necessarily value him." The noise of the crowd was getting louder and louder, making Marian feel very alarmed. She wanted to hold Matt's hands, but all of Matt’s body was emitting a sense of coldness.
	Originally he wanted to be a hero to save the beauty, but there came Kingsley unexpectedly.
	"Just now I said, Amy is innocent. This woman is telling a lie. I have no relationship with her at all, so I am not her man." Matt had been ambiguous just now intending to offer help when Amy was in the most difficult situation. But before he made a move, there was already no chance. So he had to seize the last opportunity.
	"Matt, Matt, how come you are not my man. You are my man. We have slept together, and I am already pregnant." Marian was also out of her mind at this time. If she didn't hold on, she would lose Matt completely. Then, the whole face-lifting would have been in vain.
	"Sorry, I don't know you, Amy. I'm sorry for not offer help to you today. I'm very sorry. I'll treat you to dinner someday." Matt didn't want to go compete against Kingsley at this time, because he would never win.
	After saying that, Matt walked away, with Marian chasing afterwards. A farce ended thereupon.
	"Thank you, Kingsley." Amy was grateful to Kingsley. If he hadn't arrived in time, she would have really had a hard time defending herself today.
	"Don’t say this. I haven't gone to R City for so long and so many things have happened. It's really fun. It's rare that we meet again. Let’s have a meal and I'll call my sister eating with us!" Kingsley smiled as he looked at Amy.
	"OK, you give Finnley a call and I'll clean up these stuff." The things she bought just now were all over the floor and Amy wanted to pick them up.
	But Kingsley grabbed her arm, "I'll have someone clean it up, and you don't have to do it."
	After that he grabbed Amy towards his car and called Finnley, asking her to come out for a meal. Finnley said she had a date with someone, but under Kingsley's strong request, she had to agree to bring that person together with her for the meal.
	Kingsley knew that if he had a meal with Amy alone, they would arise rumor. He must call Finnley. He was on a tight schedule and he had just taken over the Carr Group. There were still a lot of opponents that he hadn't convinced. This time, he came for Amy as well.
	"Let's go. Finnley will be here in a minute. Let's go and reserve the place first. Finnley said she would bring another person with her. Will the person be her boyfriend? There's really someone unenlightened who has eyes for her, isn’t it?" Kingsley said teasingly.
	"Don't say that. Finnley is a very good girl. If I were a boy, I would go after her." Amy could not agree with Kingsley's words.
	"I'm not saying she's not good. She's been better than me in everything since she was a child. She's my mother's sweetheart, but she likes to dress like a man. Men all like girls who are gentle and soft and who dress modestly and generously. Would anyone be able to see that she's a woman but still like her? If so, I would be jealous of his eye-sight. I used to think that my mother had given birth to a boy and a brother!" Kingsley opened the car door and asked Amy to get in before he got in the car and drove to the place he had told Finnley.
	Just after he had ordered all the food, Finnley arrived with someone. As soon as that person entered into the restaurant, he saw Amy and Amy saw him too. Both of them were taken aback.
	"Dexter?"
	"Sister?" It was a bit unexpected for the two to meet on this occasion.
	"Brother, you didn't say Amy was here, did you?" Finnley thought it was just her brother who invited her for a meal. She didn’t expect to see Amy, or she wouldn't have brought Dexter here. It was so awkward at the moment.
	"What's wrong with that? We're all old friends. Would you still be embarrassed?" Kingsley deflated his mouth and looked at his sister. He also knew Dexter, He was handsome and compelling young man, but was Finnley a girl in his eyes?
	"Alright. I'm too reluctant to talk to you. I think you have ordered. Let’s eat." Finnley could only cover up her embarrassment in this way.
	The dishes were served quickly. Finnley found that many of the dishes suited her taste and some were of Amy’s taste. Her brother was really a meticulous person, taking good care of the girls. No wonder he had so many admirers.
	"Amy, let's start eating. Today's dishes look good." In Carr Hotel, one of the best hotels in R City, the dishes were good of course.
	"Good. Just eat. This is your favourite fish. Let Dexter pick the thorns for you. Dexter is a very careful person." Amy was going to give a piece of fish to Finnley, but thinking that Finnley was a careless person, she put the fish in Dexter's bowl.
	Dexter was also happy to help Finnley pick the fish thorns. Kingsley was also not weak, so he helped Amy peel out the shrimp meat and put them in Amy's bowl.
	"Thank you, I can do it myself." Amy was a little embarrassed. Kingsley was really good at taking care of women.
	"Don’t say thank you. I am your brother. You and Finnley are both my sisters. My mother does this for Finnley ever since she was a child. When my mother was not around, I will do that for her!" Kingsley peeled another shrimp meat for Finnley. Taking care of his sister and loving his sister was an order given to him by his mother.
	"Brother, you should start eating. You have talked too much!" Finnley felt a little bit embarrassed, so she gave Kingsley a piece of streaky pork. Kingsley was very fond of eating meat.
	The four of them chatted while eating and Kingsley started to talk a lot about Finnley's embarrassing stories when she was a child.
Chapter 414 Who are You?
	Kingsley talked about Finnley's embarrassing stories when she was a child, but Finnley was unhappy. She said to Kingsley liked a spoiled child, "Elder brother, don't talk nonsense. Mom loves you the most. You can do whatever you want from childhood, but she is very strict with me. I am so envious of you."
	Both siblings thought that their mother liked each of them, and both thought that their mother was not good to them.
	"Amy, what I said is true. My mother really loves her daughter more. She doesn't bother to care about me and spends her energy on Finnley. But Finnley is a very smart kid, as long as my mother ask her to take the first place, she will never take the second place, so the good food in my house was prepared for Finnley." As Kingsley said, he deliberately exposed that Finnley was a girl.
	Finnley was anxious when she heard it. She thought Dexter didn't know she was a woman, so she tipped Kingsley a wink.
	"She is indeed a very good girl!" Dexter also stroked Finnley's head with his slender hand, and looked at her with gentle eyes, full of affection.
	Kingsley saw this scene. It turned out that this guy was not stupid, but his sister was stupid. He had known that she was a girl a long time ago.
	"But I talked to your mother. She really loves Finnley so much that she doesn't know how to love her anymore, but she makes Finnley feel a lot of pressure. Finnley, your mother doesn’t want you to be so excellent. Sometimes she just said it casually, but you insisted to do it and became her pride. She was afraid that you would suffer when you grew up, so let you learn a lot of things. She was afraid that you would be wronged, so she asked you to learn martial arts. She really thought a lot for you. Your mother told me that she didn’t want to deprive of your hobby, but you have already had a prejudice against your mother in your heart and insisted to do your best when you mother asked you to do something, and gave up your hobby." At this time, Amy told Pearl Zane's difficulties to them.
	The lack of communication between the mother and the daughter made Finnley always think that her mother didn't love her. But after listening to Amy today, she found that her mother really loved her as Amy said.
	Back then, as long as Pearl said, "Finnley, The No.1’s score in your grade is only ten more than yours. I think you will definitely surpass her next time."
	It was just a gossip, but Finnley would make greater efforts surpass the No. 1 when she took the second exam.
	Later, Finnley had a psychological problem. She had to be the first to do anything. If she was the second place, she was afraid that her mother would look down on her.
	Finnley put a lot of pressure on herself, and she blamed her mother if she failed and can’t vent her feelings. She felt that her mother was forcing herself. Now when she thought about it carefully, in addition to praising her, it seemed that she had never been forced to take the first place.
	Finnley figured it out, and she felt that she had wronged her mother even more. What she asked her to do was right. Now she can do everything with high proficiency. Her success was due to her mother’s education.
	Finnley lowered her head and ate the boned fish from Dexter, and missed her mother even more.
	"Brother, when are you leaving?" Finnley asked Kingsley suddenly, her nose a little red.
	"I'm leaving in two days. I'm here to see you and Amy. By the way, Amy, I almost forgot about the most important thing. I found a medicine for Richard, which will be of great help to his recovery." Kingsley took out a few bottles of medicine from his bag after finishing talking. The bottles were all in French.
	"Mr Carr, you came all the way from DL City to R City to give me medicine?" Amy felt very touched.
	"Yes, a friend of mine got it from abroad, so he told me about it, and I immediately asked him to buy me these bottles, but this medicine is too popular, I can only buy one bottle at a time. He spent several months to buy them for me, and I took them to Richard to take first." Kingsley took a lot of effort.
	"Thank you Mr Carr, but it doesn't help much now..." Kingsley interrupted her before Amy could finish her words.
	"I know Richard is awake. This medicine is good to take now. It is mainly to clear the congestion in the brain, so there is no need for surgery." Richard's brain still had congestion. The doctor wanted them to wait for another period of time and to perform another craniotomy for Richard to clear the congestion in his brain.
	"Great, great. I'm just afraid that Richard will go for surgery again. Although Andy's technique is very good, I will always be very worried. If I have this medicine, there will be no worries." Amy took those medicines in her arms. Kingsley was really kind to her, she would remember his kindness.
	"Well, I still have this medicine. My friend will buy me a bottle every time, and I will send it to you again when I get it. These bottles of medicine can be taken for two months." Kingsley saw a smile appeared on her face, and he was also happy.
	Apart from Finnley, it was the first time he was so devoted to a woman.
	"Sister, brother-in-law is awake? I haven't visited him yet!" Dexter had just arrived at HD Group. He usually was working except eating and sleeping, he didn't want people to look down upon him.
	"He waked up two days ago. I haven’t told our parents. I want to wait for Richard to recover for a few days and then tell you." Now Richard didn't know anyone. Amy was afraid that her parents will be sad when saw him.
	"Okay, then I'll go back and tell parents, and we will see brother-in-law in a few days." Dexter heard that his brother-in-law was awake, he was relieved.
	"Well, I'll go back and call parents later." After eating, Kingsley sent Amy to the supermarket parking lot. Amy was going to drive home by herself. Finnley and Dexter both left.
	When Amy got home, he called Eliana and Dalton and told them that Richard was awake.
	Eliana heard that her son-in-law was awake, she was so excited that she didn't know what to say. On the next day, she asked Dalton and Dexter to see Richard.
	"Who are you? Why do you come to my house?" Richard was playing blocks with Allen. His favorite person now was Allen, and the two of them already had a deep friendship.
	"They are my grandpa, grandma, and uncle!" Allen greeted his grandpa and grandma and uncle, and then introduced them to Richard.
	"Oh, grandpa, grandma, uncle!" Richard greeted them after Allen.
	"Amy, what's the matter with Richard? He doesn't recognize us?" Eliana looked at the childish look of the tall Richard, and asked Amy.
Chapter 415 How to Sleep At Night
	Eliana felt that something was wrong with Richard, so she asked Amy what was going on.
	"Mom, don't worry. The doctor said that he is in a recovery period. His brain has been severely injured, so his intelligence has some influence. He forgets all of us, and now he is like a child." Amy pulled Eliana aside and said to her.
	"Oh, no wonder you didn't notify us in time, just because afraid we will be worried? But it’s okay, my daughter, your dad and I have never experienced a lot. You have lost your memory for so many years, but we have also taken care of her. We are experienced, and I will come over often." Eliana didn’t feel too surprised.
	She also heard later that the car accident at the time was very tragic. One person died on the spot. Richard was so lucky that he could be restored. Nothing else mattered, as long as the person was still alive.
	"Cathy, it's really hard for you. Or I move in to take care of Allen and Richard with you." Eliana wanted to come over a long time ago, but Amy refused. Now she asked this question again.
	"No, I haven't done anything, but Amy is very hardworking. Eliana, you have more things to do. It's great to come and have a look, I am very grateful to you!" Cathy held Eliana's hand, both eyes were moist.
	"Mom, no, I can handle it." Amy also said to Eliana.
	Eliana still had to take care of Dalton. Although Dalton's waist had been operated on, he still hadn't recovered very well. In addition, when Amy was cheated, he ignored his waist injury and went to A Country alone to look for the evidence of Philip's crime and had an incompletely cured illness on his waist.
	"Don't worry about me. My waist is fine. Eliana is very experienced in caring for people with amnesia. Back then, Eliana took care of Amy alone for the first two years. At that time, I was not with them, so I can't do anything." Dalton felt sorry for his daughter, and he kept trying to ask Eliana to help his daughter.
	"You really don't need to come over, and I will take care of him together. Anyway, I have nothing to do every day." Cathy said to Eliana. Of course she knew Eliana's kindness, but she also knew their situation.
	In the end, Eliana was unable to dissuade Cathy and Amy, and had to go back after lunch.
	"Goodbye, grandpa, grandma, uncle." Richard was still a very polite child, and he stood at the door to see them off.
	Eliana waved her hand too, and when she turned around, tears were already on her face.
	"Honey, why is our daughter so hard?" Eliana said distressedly.
	"That is the difficulty she should experience in her life. Anyone will encounter some difficulties when they are young. Wasn't it the same when we are young? But we have all successfully defeated them, and now we are doing very well, right?" Dalton comforted Eliana.
	“Mom and Dad, I fell in love with a girl, and after a while I will take her back to see you." In order not to make the parents too sad, Dexter said something that made them happy.
	"Really? Dexter, you also have a girlfriend. Who is she? But it doesn't matter, as long as we Dexter like her, we like her." Eliana and Dalton were both very enlightened parents.
	"I won't tell you now. When I bring her back, you will know." Dexter kept them guessing at this time.
	"Bad boy, when did you become so naughty!" Eliana said and patted Dexter on the shoulder. Dexter had been a very obedient child since he was a child, and had never been so naughty. Today's changes were inseparable from the future daughter-in-law. Eliana and Dalton were even more curious about Dexter's girlfriend.
	…
	"You are my wife, are we going to sleep together?" Richard followed Amy and asked her.
	"Why do you say that?" Amy felt that Richard didn't understand anything now, how did he know that he should sleep with his wife.
	"It's like this on TV. Wife and husband should sleep together. I want to sleep with you tonight. You look good." Although Richard's current IQ was similar to Allen's, but his body had matured. After watching TV, his ability to accept knowledge was faster than Allen.
	"Well, if you are obedient today, I will let you sleep with me. When we eat, you will have to use chopsticks to eat instead of grabbing rice with your hands." Richard was still eating with his hands instead of using chopsticks.
	"Okay! You are so kind, my wife!" When Richard saw that Amy had promised to sleep with him tonight, Richard left happily. He went to see the pictures with Allen again, he needed Allen to explain to him.
	When eating, Richard really used chopsticks. Although he was sweating on his head, he still insisted.
	"Come on, you can use it this way, it will be easier. Don’t use chopsticks to pick eggs and peanuts, you can pick these vegetarian dishes. "Amy taught Richard patiently.
	She couldn't let other people see that Richard's IQ had become lower. HD Group still needed Richard to show his face in front of the public.
	"Okay." Richard practiced very seriously, but he was still a bit smart. After a meal, he could already pick up the meat, but his hands were still shaking.
	"It's okay, you are already great today. From now on, you will use chopsticks to eat every day. Just practice more." Amy praised Richard.
	"Well, then I can sleep with you tonight?" Richard hadn't forgotten this. His question made Amy's face blush. Cathy and Robin pretended not to hear them, and Amy pulled Richard away.
	"You go to bed so early?" Richard was still asking stupidly.
	"Sit down, your back should be straight when you sit, yes, that's it." Amy pulled Richard into the bedroom and let him sit there honestly.
	"Didn't you say that we are going to sleep together? I'm sleepy too!" Richard now slept for a long time every day, which was also because of the congestion in his head.
	"Don't sleep, take this medicine." Amy took out the medicine Kingsley gave her, and took two pills and asked Richard to take it.
	"What is this?" Looking at the red capsule, Richard reached out and took the pill.
	"Eat it. After you eat it, you will become particularly good-looking. You have to eat two pills a day, remember?" Amy coaxed Richard.
	"Okay." Richard took the pill obediently, and Amy poured him a glass of water, and he drank it too.
	"My wife, this thing is not tasty, I don't like it." Richard looked at Amy pitifully.
	"You have to eat, you can become very beautiful after eating this, and everyone will like you when you go out." Amy continued to coax Richard.
	"Oh, can I be as good-looking as you?" Richard stretched out his hand, his strength was still great, and he immediately pulled Amy into his arms.
Chapter 416 Crisis on the Road
	Richard immediately pulled Amy into his arms. He felt that this wife was very nice, soft and fragrant, and he was reluctant to let her go.
	"Wife, you are so fragrant, I like you so much, I want to hold you every day." Richard hugged Amy tightly and pressed Amy to himself completely, especially when there was something protruding on his wife's chest, Richard touched it with his hand.
	"Don't move, be honest, you can just hug me!" It was not that Amy didn't want to have sex with Richard. But in his current situation, Amy was a little worried that he would tell someone after he had sex with her.
	"Why do you have this thing, why don't I have it?" Richard touched Amy's chest and found it very funny, so he opened her clothes to see what it looked like.
	"This is only for a wife, you are not a wife, you are a husband, you know?" Amy persuaded Richard to take out his hand.
	"Oh, you are a wife, then I am the husband, husband, this name is so awkward." Richard muttered, but he gave up to explore Amy's chest.
	"Then we will go to bed." Richard felt that he wanted to sleep, so he hugged Amy to bed, and fell asleep on the bed soon.
	Amy wanted to wait until Richard fell asleep before getting up to take a bath, but she didn't expect that in Richard's arms, she also fell asleep. Both of them slept all night without washing.
	"Dad, daddy, are you up yet?" Allen came to the door early in the morning and called Richard.
	Although Dad was stupid now, Allen didn't dislike him either. He still thought he had found a good playmate.
	Allen's shout did not wake up Richard, but wake up Amy. The two hugged each other like that without taking off their clothes or washing their faces, and then they slept all night.
	Amy woke Richard up as soon as he moved. He rubbed his sleepy eyes and looked at Amy in confusion. Why did he and his wife sleep in the same bed?
	"Dad, are you up, daddy?" Allen continued to shout from outside.
	"Wife, why are we in the same bed?" Richard had forgotten that he insisted to sleep with Amy yesterday.
	"Because we are a husband and wife." Amy got up and she went to open the door. Allen rushed up and ran to Richard's side and looked at him with a smile.
	"Dad, I've been waiting for you for a long time, shall we go play with building blocks?" Allen reached out and pulled Richard.
	"Okay, let's go!" Richard was always a little puzzled by his address. Why was he a father for a while, a son for a while, and a husband for a while? What was a husband and wife? It was too complicated, and he couldn't figure out what was going on at all.
	At this time Allen came to call him to play, he felt very happy. Forget it, he shouldn’t think about the things that didn't make sense, the game was a little more fun. He especially liked this kid who called himself Dad.
	So the two men, one big and one small, went hand in hand to the living room and started playing with Allen's toys again.
	Amy finished washing, but didn't see Richard. When she went down to the living room, she saw two people playing very happily in that corner of the living room.
	Amy watched both of them play with toys without washing their faces and brushing their teeth, and they hadn't eaten breakfast yet.
	"Mom, Dad built a castle for me. Look, he's so amazing." Allen showed Amy the castle built by Richard.
	"Well, it's very good. Then you go to wash up, we will have breakfast together, and I will give you two scores in a while. Whoever scores high will get a reward!" Amy coaxed them.
	As soon as Allen heard that his mother would reward them, he was very energetic, and he took Richard to wash. To be honest, he was also hungry and needed to supplement his nutrition.
	Richard also asked Allen all the way what a reward was. He found everything interesting, especially from the mouth of his wife, he liked to listen to it.
	"Come on, you have two buns, Richard, you have three buns." Amy assigned the buns to the father and son.
	Richard took it with his hands without even thinking about it, but when he saw Amy looking at him, he put it back again, and held the chopsticks to pick up the bun.
	But the buns were not obedient at all, so he simply stuck his chopsticks on the buns, and then began to gnaw slowly.
	Amy took care of the family's affairs and went to work at the company. Although William looked very calm at the moment, Fabian had already discovered that William was secretly colluding with many people, and they didn't know what he will do again.
	So Amy had often been to the company recently and couldn't give William a chance.
	Amy drove the car. It was a little late, and she wanted to take a shortcut. There were fewer people taking shortcuts, so it was very quiet.
	The journey was very safe. She will be at the company soon, but at this time her car made a sound "bang", as if the tire had blown, and the car went off track. Amy turned the steering wheel silently, and finally stopped the car.
	The car can no longer be driven. She could only come down and take a look. The tire was penetrated by a long piece of glass slag. Not far in front, there were a lot of broken glass, and she didn't know what was going on.
	Amy took out the phone and was about to notify the repair shop to tow her car away, so she went through another road to take a taxi.
	After the phone call, she walked to the middle of the alley, but saw a few men coming from the opposite side of the alley, all dressed in black, and they didn't look like good people.
	Amy looked at those people and was about to walk backwards, but there were so many people behind her, she was now surrounded, and Amy hurriedly dialed a number.
	"Beauty, where did you go in the rush in the early morning? Didn't you get satisfied at night, come, let us come to satisfy you! Hahahaha!" Those people looked at the beautiful Amy, and their saliva flowed out. They did not expect to be such a beautiful woman.
	Amy leaned against the wall in the middle of the alley. She took a look and found that there were still a lot of people. She must be unable to fight. But very few people came to this place. She didn't expect that she would encounter such an unlucky thing today.
	"Oh, don't you talk? But whether you say it or not, I will fuck you. Don't be shy, you are not a virgin." The men slowed down at this time, looking at Amy as if looking at the prey that had already been obtained.
Chapter 417 Rescued
	At this time, Amy had enemies in front and rear. She watched the ten people getting closer and closer. She couldn't escape, so she had to fight hard.
	One of the men may have been unable to hold back anymore. He took the lead and walked towards Amy. He looked at the weak Amy. His ugly face was wrinkled with a smile. He didn’t expect to meet such a beautiful woman in his life and he didn't expect he can fuck such a woman today.
	"Don't be afraid, I will make you very comfortable, just close your eyes and enjoy." The man stretched out his hand to tear Amy's clothes after he said it.
	Amy grabbed his hand and threw him over the shoulder.
	"Oh, shit, this girl is quite fierce! Are you looking for death?" The man fell to the ground, rubbed his butt and stood up again. This time he was a little annoyed.
	He stretched out his hand to slap Amy in the face, but was slapped by Amy on his shoulder again. This time he would react faster. He broke free of Amy's restraint, and reached out and grabbed Amy's chest.
	Amy kicked him hard in the calf and kicked him on the ground again.
	"Hahaha, hahaha, Jax, didn't you have breakfast this morning? You are beaten by a lady, then you can’t be here, it's a shame." Those men thought Jax was weak because he was dissipated, so Amy succeeded.
	They were all laughing at Jax. At this time, Jax was very angry. He screamed and rushed towards Amy, hitting Amy with his head. Amy dodged, and kicked his back fiercely.
	Jax rushed directly to the wall and bumped his nose against the wall and his nose bled.
	Others found something was wrong. It didn't seem to be Jax's problem, but that this woman was really vixenish.
	"You pigs, this woman can play kung fu, but it's more powerful. Let's go together and subdue her, so that everyone can play with this vixenish woman!" Jax wiped his nosebleed. There was blood all over his face, which looked very disgusting.
	After hearing Jax's words, the other people really surrounded Amy. A weak woman could no longer arouse their curiosity. It was interesting to conquer such a woman.
	All of them attacked her together. Amy was able to fight with them at first, but after a long time, she had no energy.
	Seeing that Amy was weak, her body was already kicked, and she fell to the ground. Those men surrounded her, kicking Amy with their feet, and tearing her clothes with their hands.
	Amy's clothes were torn open, revealing a white and graceful back. The nosebleeds of the people who looked at her would flow out.
	"Okay, don't kick her anymore. If she is injured, we can’t do anything. Lift her up and go to our house to let everyone have a good time.”
	When Amy heard such words, she felt desperate. What should she do? She can’t beat them. Would she be raped by them? She didn’t know where the phone went. She was in a hurry just now, so she didn't know whom she called.
	Hearing this word, the men didn't kick Amy anymore. Amy's body was so painful. Those people's leather shoes almost kicked her to death, but there was no way. She shouldn't take this path today.
	"Hahaha, bitch, why don't you fight, or you can't fight? If you let us play you at first, we wouldn’t beat you. Do you know it hurts now? My heart is also very painful. We will love you well.” When Jax saw that Amy had no strength to resist, he simply lay on Amy's body and used his stinky mouth to kiss Amy.
	"Slap!" There was a crisp sound, and Amy's heart trembled when she heard it. How hard was the slap, she only heard Jax's wailing.
	"My tooth, my tooth has fallen out."
	Jax's mouth was spitting blood. His tooth had fallen out, so he can’t speak clearly.
	At this time those people found three people standing behind them, all staring at them.
	Standing between the two tall men was a slightly shorter man, but the man in the middle was the most exquisite, and beautiful like the woman on the ground.
	"There are three more here! But this kid, I am attracted to him. You dare to beat me, I will beat you like this woman in a while!" Jax waved his hand, and those hooligans began to fight with those three people.
	Finnley kicked a few people over, and she walked up to Amy's side and helped Amy up.
	She had answered Amy's call, but she didn't know where she was. So she asked Fabian to use the computer to locate and find the approximate location of Amy. But when she drove to the front, the car couldn't get in. There was an alley, so they must walk in.
	There were some alleys, so it took a long time to finally find Amy, but as soon as she saw that Jax wanted to rape Amy, Finnley was angry and box Jax’s ears fiercely.
	"Amy, don't be afraid. We are here. Otto and Fabian are also here. I will take you to change clothes." Finnley carried Amy on her back and was about to go out to find her car to change clothes.
	"Wait, where are you going? I have taken a fancy to both of you, go with me. Let me carry her!" Jax appeared behind Finnley. He thought Fabian and Otto were tall and they were also very good at martial arts. Thinking that this short man should be not good at martial arts, he came to stop Finnley.
	"Get out of the way!" Finnley sneered and shouted to Jax.
	"I'm not so obedient, I just won't let you go. What can you do to me?" Jax was a bit taller than Finnley, so he made light of Finnley.
	"I never say it a second time!" As soon as Finnley finished speaking, she lifted her leg and kicked Jax.
	Jax wasn't so weak. He was beaten by Amy just now because he was unprepared and underestimated the woman. At this time, he tried his best to deal with Finnley and wanted to get these two beautiful people back.
	Jax dodged, so Finnley couldn't kick him. Jax also watched Finnley carrying Amy on his back, so he was even more unscrupulous.
	But even though he dodged to the side, Finnley didn’t kick someone with just one kick. She kicked again, and Jax used great effort to dodge. Although Finnley was carrying Amy on her back, it didn't affect her agility in the slightest. She kicked three kicks in a row, and finally hit Jax's genitals.
	"Ah, ah, help, I am going to be killed here!" Finnley used great force, and Jax's genitals will probably be broken.
Chapter 418 I Know You Are a Female
	When Amy woke up again, she was already at home. When she opened her eyes, she saw two pairs of dark eyes staring at her.
	"Mom is awake." Allen cried out happily when he watched Amy wake up.
	"Mom, are you awake?" Richard also followed Allen to cheer up. He looked at Amy's dizzy look before, and his heart was very uncomfortable. Now that Amy was awake, he felt relieved.
	"Well, how long have you been guarding here?" Amy didn't correct Richard either, knowing he couldn't figure out his own situation now.
	"One day, mom, what's the matter with you? You were sleeping all the time when Finnley sent you back. Are you very sleepy?" Allen tilted his head and looked at his mother. He spotted there was injury on his mother's face.
	"Mom, why is your face hurt?" Allen pointed to the bruise on Amy's face.
	"Oh, mother was careless and hit the door when I walked, so I am injured." Amy didn't dare to tell her family that she was ambushed by someone. She could only say that she was accidentally injured. Maybe no one will believe it.
	"Oh, Dad, do you hear that? Be careful when you walk. Don't hit the door anymore. My mother has been in a coma for a day." Allen immediately taught Richard like an adult. .
	Richard hurriedly nodded his head. He thought it was right. He would have to pay attention to walking in the future, or he would lie down in bed like this woman for a day, which made people feel anxious.
	Amy recalled of something. Richard hurried to help her. She just moved and her whole body was so painful. Fortunately, Finnley changed herself to a long-sleeved T-shirt, so her family can't see the injuries on her body.
	"Mom, what's the matter with you?" Richard asked.
	"It's okay, I am just a little dizzy." Amy concealed, but Richard still thought Amy had a problem, but he didn't know what the problem was.
	"Help me to the bathroom." Amy said to Richard. Richard helped her walk slowly towards the bathroom, but Amy walked slowly, making Richard look very anxious, so he picked up Amy and put her on the toilet in the bathroom, then he turned around and waited at the door.
	Allen was pulling Richard's leg, and he was also worried about his mother's body.
	"Okay, you all go and play, I'll sleep for a while." When Amy was lying on the bed, she asked Richard and Allen to go out to play. Both were children, and Amy couldn't bear to make them worry about her.
	"Then mom, call me when you need to go to the bathroom!" Richard said to Amy when he went out. He always felt a little worried, but he didn't know what to do.
	Allen closed the door very carefully, and Amy called Finnley.
	"Finnley, who sent those people today, have you checked it out?"
	"I have investigated it clearly. It was a woman who gave them the money and asked them to wait for you here. They are the gangsters who live by robbery." Finnley replied.
	"A woman? Who is the woman?" The first thing Amy thought of was Vivian. She would definitely not give up because of thing last time in the supermarket.
	"They only communicated on the phone, saying that they were given a sum of money and asked them to give the account, and the money would be credited soon." Finnley's work efficiency was also very high, she quickly I found out what happened at the time, but they didn’t know who the woman was.
	"Leave this to Lucy. She is good at this." Amy asked Finnley to hand over the matter to Lucy. Lucy went back to A Country to handle some things, and she was going back to R City today.
	"Well, I'll pick her up in a while, and then I'll tell her about it." After Finnley finished speaking, Amy had nothing else to order her, so the two hung up.
	A woman? This woman should be Vivian, right? Amy wanted Lucy to start the investigation from Vivian. The biggest suspect was Vivian, and she wanted Lucy to check Vivian's real life experience. She was definitely not from the Wood family, and her many habits and some of his actions were very similar to someone Amy knew, she had to figure it out.
	Lucy was very happy that she had a task once she returned. She was most afraid that she would have nothing to do. After Finnley told her something, she looked at Finnley and smiled, making Finnley's heart particularly flustered.
	"Finnley, why do you look so good? It makes me so jealous of you." Lucy took Finnley's hand and her head leaned over.
	"Lucy, what are you going to do? You let go!" Finnley pushed Lucy in shock.
	"Hahaha, hahaha, baby, have you forgotten my job? A man wouldn’t be so resistant to a woman's embrace. Your identity is becoming more and more obvious, I think you should change to the women's clothing." Lucy actually kissed on Finnley's cheek.
	"Lucy, Lucy, you, you..." Finnley couldn't say clearly.
	"Baby, don't be afraid, what I like is your elder brother, I am not interested in you. Hahahaha." Lucy laughed. She successfully teased the cold Finnley, which was happier than winning the lottery. .
	Finnley was also speechless to her, her identity was still not obvious to men, but the women around her could knew at a glance. It seemed she should wear the women's clothing and be a real woman.
	Finnley sent Lucy home, and then she hurried back to her home, rushed upstairs to her room, and closed the door.
	"Miss, what's the matter with you?" The butler looked at Finnley's face not very good, so she hurriedly asked to see what happened to her Miss.
	"It's okay, I just want to be quiet." Finnley leaned on the door and said to the butler.
	The butler was still not very relieved. She asked again and again. After Finnley said that she was really fine, she then turned around and left.
	Finnley thought about it quietly. She closed the door and walked to her closet. She opened it and looked at the beautiful dresses her mother bought for her. Her mother was also very idle. Finnley didn't like wearing them, but every year she would buy new models for Finnley and take away the old ones.
	Looking at the dazzling array of skirts, Finnley reached out and looked at them one by one.
	She had never taken a look at those clothes since her mother bought them, and she had never noticed them.
	Suddenly a white dress came into her eyes, making Finnley think it was pretty, so she took it out.
Chapter 419 Same Taste
	Finnley looked at the beautiful white dress and she couldn't help but take it out and compare it on her body, curiosity made her want to try it on.
	So she took off her neutral clothes and put on the white dress.
	This simple short-sleeved dress had very smooth lines at the waist, which outlined Finnley's waist. Her chest was still wrapped with a breast wrap, so she removed the breast wrap and released the two white breasts.
	It turned out that she would be so beautiful in this dress. Finnley was already very beautiful. This dress showed her beautiful neck and delicate collarbone.
	Finnley wore a dress and looked into the mirror, her smile getting deeper and deeper.
	"Finnley?" When Pearl pushed the door in, she thought she had gone to the wrong room. The beautiful girl standing in front of the mirror was her daughter, who didn’t like to dress herself up?
	"Mom! Why didn't you come in without knocking?" Finnley's face flushed all of a sudden. She didn't expect her mother to come back, let alone her mother would push the door to see her most embarrassing side.
	"I knocked on the door, but you didn't hear it, my God, is this a fairy from the heaven? Baby, you are so beautiful in a dress." Pearl couldn't help but boast about her daughter. She never saw her daughter have such a coquettish side.
	But Finnley wanted to change her dress, and Pearl stopped her.
	"Don't change it, you look pretty in this dress. I think you are so beautiful. There will be a party tomorrow night. I'm coming back to take you to the party. You must wear this dress!" Pearl was really satisfied with her daughter.
	"What? Mom, you want to take me to the party, and you want me to wear this skirt?" Finnley felt that his mother was stimulated by herself. She was thirty years old, and she didn't go out in a dress.
	"Yeah, what's the matter? You are a woman, you should be dressed beautifully, you should wear a dress. What you wear every day is for work, you should wear some beautiful dresses in private. If you don't like this dress, mom will buy you another one tomorrow." Pearl didn't look away when she looked at her daughter.
	"Mom, it's okay for me to go to the party with you, but you let me wear this out, I won't do it!" Finnley hadn't crossed that hurdle in her heart. She really didn't dare to wear a dress to go out, especially wearing a skirt and high heels. She had never worn high heels.
	"Finnley, you are thirty years old, you should get to know more socialites, it's good to have more friends, if you have a boy you like, just tell mommy, I will help you!" Pearl became domineering again.
	"Mom, why are you doing this again? Why don't you get me whoever I like? Can't I do these things by myself?" Finnley thought that his mother was already very good recently.
	But when she became domineering, Finnley disliked her very much.
	"Sorry baby, it's all mother's fault, it's all mother's fault, you can chase the man you like. Women need to marry in this life. I am just afraid that you will suffer? Yes, you will accompany me to the party tomorrow night, but you must wear a dress!" Pearl didn't give Finnley a chance to refute. She left after she finished.
	Today she suddenly thought of a classmate gathering in R City tomorrow. She wanted to bring her pride Finnley to attend, so she rushed over without stopping. She didn’t expect that she would have a surprise when she rushed over. She actually saw her daughter wear a dress.
	Pearl left happily, regardless of Finnley's yelling behind her. She was still planning to buy another dress for Finnley during the day tomorrow, and then bought a pair of mid-heel shoes. Finnley did not wear high heels, she also considered it.
	Finnley saw that her mother didn't listen to her at all, and she was really speechless. Anyway, she wouldn't wear a dress tomorrow.
	After changing her dress, Finnley took a shower and was ready to go to bed. She was also tired and slept very soundly. In her dream, she dreamed of her wearing a white wedding dress and marrying a man, that man’s face was very vague, but her heart was very happy.
	Mom said that she should wear a dress to show others. Dexter knew she was a woman, Lucy knew she was a woman, and Amy knew it, so there was nothing mysterious about her identity, so should she try wearing a dress when she got out?
	Finnley's original determination was shaken in her sleep, and she was looking forward to her appearance in women's clothing.
	The next day was a very good weather. The golden sun appeared early in the morning, and the earth was covered with a golden color, which made people feel much better.
	Pearl got up early in the morning to make fish porridge for Finnley. She also ate some breakfast and hurried to the mall. She heard that there will be a lot of limited edition clothes today, but she wanted to buy a dress for her daughter and dress up her daughter beautifully tonight, so that everyone was envious!
	Maybe everyone knew that there will be new products today. All the noble ladies of R City waited at the door of the store early.
	Pearl was not the first one. When she arrived, there were two people in front of her, and she was the third.
	When Pearl first stood still, there was another person lined up behind her, who looked like a mother and a daughter. The old woman looked a bit rustic, and the young woman looked a bit pretty.
	But Pearl didn't look at them a long time. When the door of the store opened, she went in directly.
	Sure enough, there were a lot of new styles on today, and the people in the store can't wait to find their favorite clothes.
	Pearl took a fancy to a white dress. Yesterday, she saw Finnley wearing a white dress. She thought her daughter should look good in white. The style of the white dress was very novel.
	"Mom, what do you think of this dress?" The mother and daughter also took a fancy to this dress, and they walked over.
	Pearl reached out and took the dress, and walked directly to a cashier, "Wrap it up for me." She did it within a minute. The mother and daughter hadn't reacted yet, and Pearl already paid for the dress.
	"Hey, I saw the dress first." The young woman was very unconvinced when she saw that the dress she liked had been bought by someone else.
	"You saw it first, then can’t I buy it? Don't make such a quarrel, I have paid it. What else do you have to argue about, don't you feel bored?" Pearl didn't care them at all.
	Seeing that her daughter-in-law was wronged, Addy joined the argument.
	"That's right. We saw the dress first. You woman goes too far!"
Chapter 420 Who Had More Power
	When they saw that the one they liked had been bought, their faces were a little bit awkward, and they wanted to get back a little dignity in Pearl.
	"It's not certain who saw it first, but I bought it first now. If you like it, you can order it later." Pearl had always been domineering and didn’t pay attention to those two at all.
	"These are all limited editions. Where can I find them? You are so old, and that dress is not suitable for you. Or how about I buy this dress with double price?" William’s mistress had always felt that she has no status, so she wanted to buy famous brands to decorate herself.
	"Double? Why do you think I'm a person who lacks money? Salesperson, you remembered the faces of these two people to me. From now on, nothing in this store will be sold to them!" Pearl was also angry. It was really too much for someone to talk to her in such a tone.
	But the salesperson didn't know Pearl. She looked at Pearl as if she was watching a joke. Someone told herself not to sell things. She was not a fool and knew she needed to make money.
	"Ma'am, we don't have this rule here. Everyone is our customers. Don't quarrel. There are many other limited editions. You can also find other products." The salesperson saw too many wealthy people here, so she didn't put Pearl in her eyes.
	But her words slapped Pearl in the face. She had never suffered such humiliation in DL City.
	"If you don't listen to her words, then you should listen to my words. What this lady means is what I mean, from now on you should not sell anything to them." Eliana came in through the door. She could hear the sound of the argument inside from the doorway.
	"Madam, are you here?" When the shop assistants saw Eliana, they stood up respectfully and saluted Eliana.
	"Fortunately, I just happened to be here, or they will make you wronged. You are really ignorant. This is the hostess of the Carr family in DL City. How can you treat her like this? Go and beg Mrs. Carr. If she wants to drive you away, I won't hire you. "Eliana had given Pearl enough face.
	Addy and William's mistress saw that they didn't scare people, instead they alarmed the owner of this specialty store. If she really didn't sell anything to her in the future, how can she show off to others?
	The salesperson was scared enough. Everyone knew that the salary in Newell Group was very high, so many people wanted to come in. But she offended a big client today, she can't lose this job.
	"Mrs. Carr, it's all my fault. I didn' t recognize you. Please forgive me. My family is very poor. I really need this job." The salesperson went to beg Pearl.
	Actually, Pearl only looked fierce, but her heart was soft. The salesperson looked pitiful, and the salesperson didn't do anything wrong. Her request was too much. She really couldn't make money, right?
	"Forget it, what she did just now wasn't wrong. It’s her job. Don't fire her. I don' t have any losses either." Pearl got the salesgirl who was kneeling on the ground to stand up.
	"Pearl, you are still so kind! Okay, Mrs. Carr doesn't care about it, so I don't care about it. And you two should go now?" Eliana looked at the two people. She knew them, one was William's mother and the other was a mistress. This mistress was shrewd and made Sophia crazy. Now Sophia just lay on the bed and didn't speak.
	"Mrs Newell, they were all misunderstandings just now. I also like your clothes too much, so I argue with her. As the old saying goes, no discord, no concord. We will all know each other in the future." The IQ of the mistress was indeed quite high.
	"There's no need to know each other. In the future, be careful what you say. Some people can be offended, while others can not."Eliana was teaching William's mistress a lesson, and his mistress could only swallow her anger.
	Addy left with his mistress.
	"It’s unreasonable. What identity does she think she has? She's just a mistress!" Eliana said to Pearl. She was also very disrespectful to a mistress.
	"You have to come early for the party tonight. We haven't seen each other for 30 years. This party is very rare. I heard from the monitor that they are almost there." Pearl said to Eliana that they have a total of forty students, the number of male students was same as female students. They had separated for 30 years. It was really not easy to get together. After a while, some people may use photos to get together.
	"I want to go, I must go. Many of them took their children this time, and I will also take my Amy today. "Eliana and Pearl both like their daughters. Both of them wanted to take their daughters at the party, but they never thought of taking their sons.
	Finnley saw the paper box on her bed. She had been staring at it for an hour, and Pearl did not urged her. Anyway, there was always a process of adaptation. She sent the clothes in, and Finnley took them, which meant that she still wanted to wear it.
	"Mom, come in." After a long time, Finnley called Pearl from the door.
	"Okay." Pearl walked in, but saw that the paper box hadn't been opened yet, She knew that her daughter would still not be able to pass that hurdle. Pearl remembered what Amy had said to herself, she couldn't force Finnley too much, because she had always regarded herself as a boy, and it took time to change her mind.
	"Baby, you don't want to wear it, just wear it when you figure it out. Mom will hang it up for you." Pearl went to open the carton and took out the white dress, ready to hang it in Finnley’s closet.
	"Wait a minute!" Finnley took her mother's hand. Her inner struggle was fierce. After listening to Lucy, she felt that her disguise was useless, everyone had known she was a girl.
	But it really took courage to wear this dress out!
	"What's wrong? Baby, have you figured it out? Don't worry, mom will dress you up beautifully, don't be afraid." Pearl encouraged her daughter again!
Chapter 421 Mother's Classmates Reunion
	This was the most famous class of the University of R City. This class had produced many celebrities and made many rich people. It was the most successful class in the history of the University of R City, and this class was most excellent in the grade.
	So although today was this class’s classmates reunion, many officials from the officialdom were invited, including the mayor of R City.
	"Eliana, the most beautiful girl in our class. These years have left a deep mark on my body, but leave nothing on your face." A potbellied man walked towards them, his hair was a bit bald, and he looked much older than Eliana.
	"Hello?" Eliana recognized the person in front of her for a while. His changes were so great. Although the study committee member was not very good-looking, he was still a little handsome, and he was completely unmatched with the potbellied man in front of her.
	"Eliana, you still know me, I thought you wouldn't recognize me anymore." The study committee member scratched his bald head, and smiled happily.
	"Eliana, this is your daughter. She is beautiful as you." When the study committee member wanted to say something, several men called him over.
	"Mom, how did you recognize him?" Amy asked Eliana secretly.
	"Because our study committee member has a scar on his face. Although he is fat, the scar is still there. I accidentally left the scar on his face. I remember it. If I recognize by his look, I can’t recognize him! "Eliana also secretly explained to Amy, the mother and daughter both laughed secretly after speaking.
	"Eliana!" Someone greeted Eliana again. Eliana looked back and saw that it was Pearl. She wore elegant and luxurious clothes and walked over at a light pace.
	"Mrs Carr, why didn't Finnley come?" Amy was thinking that Finnley was coming, she came, otherwise she didn't want to come.
	"Amy, you are here, she went to the bathroom." Pearl was smiling. She looked around the meeting place and saw a person, and that person also saw Pearl.
	"Oh, this is Pearl? Eliana? I haven't seen you for 30 years. I didn't expect you to be so coquettish!" After the visitor saw Pearl and Eliana, the words were cynic.
	Amy also saw that William's mistress, who was holding this woman who was making cool, sly criticisms.
	"Alberta Scott?" Alberta was very jealous of Eliana and Pearl at the time. The eyes of the outstanding men in the class followed these two women. She was also beautiful, but those people didn't even take a look at her.
	"I didn't expect that after thirty years, we would meet again." Alberta covered her mouth and smiled. She was now married to a good family and the family is also very rich, so her back was much straighter.
	"I'm tired from standing, Eliana, let's go and sit there for a while." Pearl didn't want to say anything to Alberta. This woman had never been kind.
	"Okay, let's take a break, but Finnley may not be able to find us for a while." Eliana also didn't want to talk to Alberta, because she was just a mistress who lived on men.
	"Ok, you go to have a rest. I'll wait for Finnley here." Amy asked the two beautiful mother to rest, and she was there waiting for Finnley
	Alberta saw that these two people still looked down on herself, her face with delicate makeup was distorted, and her powder kept falling off.
	"Brother-in-law." Alberta's daughter Anne greeted Amy at this time.
	"Sorry, I think you must be mistaking me for someone else." Amy glanced at the mistress and left.
	"Hmph, I want you all to look up at me in the future, you dare to look down on me now." Alberta and Anne gritted their teeth angrily. These women were so irritating.
	Amy thought why Finnley went to the bathroom so long, so she went to find Finnley. When she got to the bathroom, she didn't see Finnley. Instead, there was a beautiful girl in a white dress looking in the mirror.
	The girl’s hair was all combed behind her head, and a long ponytail was tied behind her head. The white dress was simple but fit well. It outlined her figure. The perfect body curve made Amy feel like a nosebleed. This girl was really beautiful, her facial features were exquisite and impeccable, but Amy thought she had seen her somewhere. Maybe it is a celebrity face, Amy glanced at it and didn't think much.
	But after the girl saw Amy, her face flushed suddenly, and she walked towards Amy.
	"Beauty, what can I do for you?" Amy watched the beauty walk towards herself, she was very happy to serve the beauty.
	"Amy, don't you know me?" The beauty said to Amy, her tone a little anxious, but her voice was very familiar, and Amy couldn't help but look at the beauty carefully.
	The beauty had the picturesque eyebrows, exquisite features, and tall figure. Her change was so great that made Amy a little unacceptable for a while.
	"Finnley?" Amy's voice was pleasantly surprised and trembling.
	"Well, am I ugly, I shouldn't believe my mother's words, I don't dare to go out to meet people, what should I do, Amy?" Finnley thought that Amy thought she was ugly, so she was even more worried, and she didn't dare to go out completely in the bathroom.
	"Finnley, you are like a god! Let's go out for a walk!" Amy pulled Finnley and was about to go out.
	"Don't, I dare not. I just came in and covered my face. I think I look weird!" Finnley slammed the door tightly.
	"Let's go, I can't appreciate your beauty alone, I want everyone to know your beauty." Amy took advantage of Finnley's loss, and pulled her out.
	When two stunning beauties appeared, they attracted the attention of people of all ages.
	Those who came with their sons, adults and sons all looked at these two lovely girls.
	"Hi, beauty, do you want to have a drink together?" A few young men gathered around.
	"No!" Amy and Finnley both refused the men, they were going to find their mothers.
	When the two of them walked towards the resting place of Eliana and Pearl, they were stopped again.
Chapter 422 Who Will Be Unlucky
	When Amy and Finnley went to find their mother, they were stopped again. This time the man looked even powerful than Kingsley! He was so overdressed that people felt uncomfortable looking at him.
	"Beauty, where to go, let's have fun together, anyway, we are acquaintances today." The man's voice was also unctuous.
	"Please get out of the way!" Since Finnley hadn't been used to be a girl, she pushed the person aggressively, and then pulled Amy forward.
	"Your temper is really irritable, I like you. Come on, catch them both upstairs, and I will treat them well!" The man waved his hand and some people came to catch Finnley and Amy.
	Finnley pulled Amy behind, but Amy was not weak, she just didn't want to make trouble at this time. Their mothers were also very rare to attend a class reunion. If it is broken, they would be sad.
	"Don't mess around, today is a gathering of the parents, so please talk nicely!" Amy said to the man, but the man thought they were scared.
	"Of course I will talk nicely. I'm very polite to beautiful women. I heard that you two came out to find men, so why bother to pretend to be so serious? Are you playing hard-to-get? I like you very much!" The man's words made Finnley want to rush to beat him several times.
	"We all have men. Who told you we were here to find men?" Amy thought the man was talking nonsense.
	"Of course it's her. She told me that you just want to find a rich man. I am a rich man, so you needn’t to seduce other men anymore!" The man pointed at Anne and reached out to pull Amy.
	"Well, we will go with you, but can we wait until the party is over? You know we haven't attended such a grand party, and we want to open our eyes." Amy thought of a stalling tactic.
	"Oh, you just want to attend this party. Okay. Don't try to escape. You can't escape. Without my permission, you can't even get out of this door. Then I'll wait for you." The man told his subordinates to retreat, so he didn't embarrass Amy and Finnley anymore.
	Eliana and Faustina waited for a while before they saw their daughter walking by hand in hand.
	"Where have you been and why have you been there for so long? Where is Finnley?" Eliana didn't recognize Finnley either.
	Amy pushed Finnley forward, "This is Finnley, mom, didn't you recognize her?" Amy looked at Eliana triumphantly. Neither she nor Finnley told to their mothers what happened just now, nor did they want their mother to worry.
	"Wow, Finnley, you are so beautiful.T his dress is really suitable for you. It seems to be tailor-made for you." Eliana also praised her. She always thought that her daughter was already very beautiful, but this Finnley was just as beautiful as her daughter.
	"Mrs Miller, thank you for your compliment, I'm so embarrassed." Finnley's face was even redder. She didn't know how beautiful she looked in a dress until she was thirty. After that, can she often wear skirts?
	"Don't be embarrassed. It's natural for girls to wear skirts. Look at me, your mother and Amy, aren't we all wearing skirts?" Eliana was full of praise for finnley, and pearl was very happy.
	In fact, there was nothing special about the party, that is, everyone who hadn't met for a long time made a mutual introduction, invited the mayor and some leaders to say a few words, and then everyone began to talk about life and the past.
	Eliana and Faustina still had a few better friends. They all sat at one table and chatted. Amy and Finnley sat at another table, and Anne also sat over at this time.
	"That's the mayor's son just now, you have to be careful, don't offend him." Anne pretended to be a good person to remind Amy and Finnley.
	When she saw the dress that Finnley was wearing, she felt jealous. This dress was also what she liked, but her hands and feet were not as fast as Faustina's. She would look very beautiful in this dress, and she would be the focus of the banquet.
	Finnley didn't know there was such a thing between Anne and her mother. All she knew was that Anne was William's mistress.
	All the dishes on the table had been served, and everyone began to eat. Anne suddenly felt a stabbing pain in her feet. She looked down and didn't find anything on her feet. She moved a bit and her feet no longer hurt. Was it an illusion just now?
	After taking a bite of the dish with chopsticks, Anne coughed immediately, her nose and tears all over her face.
	It just so happened that the people sitting at their table were still young people, and most of them were men. The ugly manner of Anne's cough made everyone disgusted.
	Anne wanted someone to give her a paper towel, but no one paid attention to her. Amy and finnley were eating. They looked at each other and ate more happily.
	"Who put mustard for me?" Anne finally stopped coughing. She wiped herself with a paper towel on the table.
	She looked around and no one responded. The men all showed that they disliked her. Anne felt ashamed.
	Finally, her eyes fell on Amy. She pointed to Amy and scolded, "Amy, did you put mustard for me?"
	"Anne, are you stupid? I'm still so far away from you. How can I put mustard for you? Ask everyone, there is no mustard in all the meals today! " Amy looked wronged. She looked at those people, who testified to her that she didn't put mustard.
	"You don't know what to eat and blame others. It's really annoying. Especially the way you looked just now is really disgusting. If it weren't for these two beauties, I would like to change my position. " A man had a very good impression of Amy and finnley because they were very beautiful!
	As soon as the man spoke, the others followed, so that Anne couldn't find anything else to fight back.
	She had to admit bad luck. However, she secretly rejoiced over the big event in a while, 'Amy, finnley, are you two proud now? You'll cry when the party is over.'
	The parents talked happily, and the younger generation began to speak. When someone came to talk to Amy and finnley at this time, they didn't refuse again. The atmosphere on the whole table became active. Amy learned about everyone here, and she knew it in her heart.
Chapter 423 The Horror Villa
	When the party was about to end, the man came again. He walked up to Amy and Finnley to remind them.
	Anne was very happy to see. Richard was useless now. If Amy was ruined again, then HD group can only be controlled by William.
	"I remember what you promised me just now. Don't forget." The man said to Amy.
	"Of course I remember, but it's not over yet. I don't think Mr. Ross will be in a hurry for a while?" Amy looked around and said to Mr. Ross.
	Darius Ross didn't expect Amy found out his name and family background in the short time. This woman was really very interesting.
	"Yes, you are very intelligent, but I don't like women are so smart. I like women who are obedient and gentle." Darius came to Amy's ear and whispered to Amy. Smelling the fragrance belonging to Amy, he was a little excited.
	"That will disappoint Mr. Ross. Since I was born, I have not been a gentle and obedient woman. Why don't you change it? How about the one opposite? She looks gentle and graceful." Amy pointed at Anne.
	"She? I don't want. Well, don't talk nonsense. You two will go with me in a minute. You don't need to worry about anything else." Darius looked at Anne with a look of contempt, and then he left again.
	Amy looked at Darius leaving, winked at finnley, and finnley went to make a phone call.
	"Baby, do you have eaten your fill? Let's go back." Eliana and Faustina had a good time today. Those people were boasting about their good lives, their husbands and their children. They were so happy.
	"Mom, we haven't had enough. Go back first. We have another activity." Amy acted coquettishly Eliana and asked the two beautiful mothers to go back first, or they will worry again.
	"OK. Young people should have more contact. Then we'll go back first. Have a good time and you'd better go back early!" Eliana and Faustina didn't doubt anything. They left happily.
	Waiting for their mother's car to leave, Amy and finnley returned to their seats, and those young people were almost gone. Although some liked Amy and finnley very much, no one dared to annoy Darius when he came.
	Alberta came to Anne. She took Anne's arm. The mother and daughter said goodbye to Amy and finnley with a strange smile.
	"We leave first and don't disturb you."
	Amy and finnley ignored the mother and daughter and sat in their seats waiting for Darius.
	Darius appeared in time. He had been waiting for the two beautiful and delicious women for a long time. If it was normal, he would have been taken away. However, those women didn't need his hands. After knowing his identity, they would climb into his bed.
	He was tired of those docile women. Darius was interested in that kind of strong woman again.
	"Come on, we can play until dawn." Darius squinted at the two beauties.
	"OK, let's go." Amy and finnley didn't mean to be afraid. Darius thought the two women were hypocritical. Now that they know their identity, they will certainly serve him well.
	"Get in my car." Darius took finnley and Amy and took them to his car.
	"We have our own car, Mr. Ross. We can drive behind you, otherwise you need to send us home. How troublesome." Amy's face showed a sweet smile.
	"Hum, no, I can ask the driver to send you home. Don't think of any tricks. I am also gentle, I'll take you back after playing." Darius was still afraid that they would run away in a moment, and he must use his power, which is to find them. No, it was not his own power, but also his father's power.
	"All right." Amy and finnley pretended to be helpless and had to follow Darius into his car.
	"Mr. Ross, where are you taking us, to the hotel? Are we going to check in? " Amy asked Darius in the back seat.
	"Joke, I needn’t go to a hotel. Go directly to my home. My home is very good and has everything." Darius said this with a gloomy smile. There was really everything in his room, and there were a lot of dead people.
	Amy and finnley pretended to be afraid and hid behind the car. They trembled and dared not speak again. Darius was even more proud when he saw that the two women were honest.
	Such beauties were very rare. He was not going to hurt them and wanted to have a good time!
	After a long way around the city, they finally arrived at Darius's residence. This place was very remote. There was a villa on the hillside, and there were no people around for decades.
	"This is my home. Don't run away. If you serve me comfortably, I can give you a lot of money." Darius never inquired about Amy and finnley's background. He thought he was the only boss in R city.
	When Amy and finnley got off the car, a lot of people came from somewhere and surrounded them.
	"Come on, go in and see if my palace is suitable for you." Darius waved his hand. Amy and finnley were surrounded. No, they were escorted.
	The villa was indeed extremely luxurious. The carpets on the floor were whole tiger skins, which made people feel a little scared.
	The room was already heated, but it still made people feel very cold. Amy couldn't help shivering.
	"What's the matter? The heating is not enough? Somebody, push out the servant in charge of heating!" As soon as Darius saw Amy shivering, he immediately asked someone to kill the servant.
	"It's okay, it's okay. I'm not cold, but I'm not used to it when I just came in." Amy hurriedly explained, but her explanation did not save the servant's life at all.
	Finnley and Amy finally saw Darius's tyranny. What he relied on was the power of his powerful father. He didn’t take these people's lives seriously?
	"Have a seat!" Darius asked Amy and finnley to sit on the sofa. The white sofa was normal, but a decoration on the tea table next to the sofa turned Amy's stomach upside down.
Chapter 424 Dealing With Scum
	Amy's stomach churned. She saw the ornament on the coffee table and really wanted to throw up.
	Finnley looked at the ornament and his eyes instantly took on a murderous look. What a pervert this man was!
	The ornament was a pair of women's hands formed into the shape of a lotus flower. The color of the flesh had not changed except that it had been treated and a crystal ball was held in the hand.
	"Aren't these hands beautiful? It’s the most beautiful pair of hands I've ever seen. I've searched for a long time to find someone like this." Darius had someone pour water for Amy and Finnley while he came over and sat opposite the two.
	"You didn't cut them off a living person, did you?" Finnley asked with a cold face.
	"You're an adept, too. This hand has to be cut from a living person, and she has to be made into this position beforehand, and then her hand was slowly sawed off. The pose can't be changed, or it won't be pretty." Darius brought that hand up and gave it a gentle kiss on it.
	This disgusting gesture of his made Finnley want to vomit.
	"I also have a lot of human artwork. Are you guys interested in taking a look?" Darius put those hands back down and then said to the two with great interest.
	"We're not interested in seeing those creepy things!" Finnley was all but intolerant by this time. She clenched her hands into fists several times. If Amy hadn't pulled her, she would have probably just punched Darius's face.
	"Hahahahaha, pervert. That's a word I like. I just think I'm a pervert. How boring it is to live like this! If I'm not perverted, then none of us would have any fun. Come on, come into the room with me. I've been waiting for this for a long time. I am going to have a good time." Darius's eyes glowed as he looked at the two girls.
	"Okay!" Amy nodded.
	Darius was satisfied with Amy's attitude. He walked ahead and Amy and Finnley followed behind. She didn't know where the bodyguard was hiding in that house, and Finnley could already feel that there were many people breathing.
	"Mr. Ross, do you want someone to watch while we play later?" Amy had an adorable look on her face.
	"Nonsense. How can we let people watch when we're doing something like that? I'm not perverted to that extent." As soon as he heard Amy's words, Darius got a little angry. As abominable as he was, he was still a man with a bottom line. He couldn't let his men watch everything, besides he was still defective!
	Amy also had a disappointed look on her face, making Darius think she was interested in what was to come.
	He pushed open a room and inside was a smothering sandalwood scent. Finnley immediately gave Amy a pill and Amy took it when Darius wasn't looking.
	The sandalwood scent was so strong that it was a little breathless.
	"Mr. Ross, it's so stuffy in your room!" Amy said with no energy as she rubbed her temples.
	"You just feel stuffy now, and in a moment, you'll feel that this smell is the best smell ever. Isn't it comfortable in my room!" Darius turned the light on and only then did Amy and Finnley get a good look at the layout of the room.
	This room was huge, and there were all sorts of things in the cupboards on the walls. Not antiques or ceramics, but leather whips, candles, ropes, knives, and so on.
	Darius walked over to the cupboard, picked up a whip and handed it to Amy, and handed a candle to Finnley.
	"Let's just get started. I'll take my clothes off and you'll beat me while you drip wax on my wounds!" Darius's eyes were bloodshot and he looked very excited.
	It turned out that he was a masochist. It was easy to let them beat him up, and Amy was more than willing to do it.
	Darius took off his clothes, including his trousers. He got down on the ground and waited for Amy to beat him.
	Amy touched the leather whip, which was made of raw cow tendons. Looking at a glass of water on the coffee table, she poured some of it on the leather whip.
	"Mr. Ross, I'm coming!" Amy said, and the whip followed the sound and struck Darius's body.
	"Bah!" As the sound of the leather whip rang out, the skin of Darius's body was split open.
	"Wow, what are you using today? So comfortable. I'll hit you like this later too!" Darius said excitedly.
	As soon as she heard that he was going to hit her again later, Amy wanted to beat him to death!
	Amy then lashed out with full force at Darius's back and arms and thighs.
	Finnley had the candle in her hand and pulled a bottle out of her skirt, wiped it on the candle, and then dripped the wax on Darius's wounds.
	Darius felt incredibly relieved this time. He was discerning, and the two women he got this time were really good at playing this, or old hands, and made him very comfortable.
	Darius was whipped to the bone. He rolled over and showed his front to Finnley and Amy.
	This man was a eunuch! Dariuss body had a huge flaw. His cock was very small, about the size of a five or six-year-old child.
	"Now you all see my flaw, so you won't be able to go. Now you will have only two ways. One is to play with me for the rest of your lives, and the other way is to die!" Darius said to Finnley and Amy as he lay on the ground.
	"But we don't want to choose either way. We want to go, and we want to live!" Finnley held the candle in her other hand and fought back her nausea as she touched Darius's chest.
	"Hahaha, no one who has come to my place has really walked out of it properly. You will either die or be maimed. The two of you are pretty looking, but you're also pretty cocky. Do you believe me ..." When Darius was about to say something else, he found that he could no longer say anything. He reached up to scratch his throat and found that there was something in his throat that was blocking him up.
	"Darius, you have already mutilated enough girls. Don't you know there is this old saying that it's not that one won't take revenge, but now is not the time to do so! We will get justice for those girls. Although your father is very powerful, it doesn't matter though. If he dares to interfere, I won't hesitate to take him down with you!" Amy squatted down and slapped Darius on the face.
	Darius wanted to say something, but he couldn't say anything. He wanted to get up and hit them, but the wounds all over his body itched strangely and he was weak. He hadn't thought he would fall for these two pretty women's tricks.
	Finnley walked over and gave Darius’s face a blast of kicks. She didn't even let go of Darius's cock. This man was so bad!
	Darius was beaten all over with blood but had no strength to resist. The people outside heard the sounds of a fight inside and were used to it. Their master was often like this.
	"Oh, no. Our villa is surrounded by the police. What do we do? Should we tell the young master!" A man hurried in through the door.
Chapter 425 Get Rid Of An Evil For The People
	The man who came in from outside ran up to the bodyguard at the door and asked if they wanted to tell Darius about the police coming. The bodyguard gave the man a disdainful look.
	"Why are you panicking? What is it that the young master can't handle? This policeman is new, right? How dare he even come to our place?" That bodyguard didn't want Darius to know that the police had come. He then reported to his captain, and the bodyguard captain went to deal with the police.
	Darius was in his room at this time, being beaten up and crying like a ghost. Being beaten was a hobby of his, but this was a beating without dignity. In the past, when women had beaten him, he would use more powerful tricks to beat them.
	But today he was left to be beaten and humiliated, and even his cock was swollen.
	When he heard the police coming, he thought his bodyguard would come in and tell him that he could be saved. However, the bodyguard took it upon himself not to let anyone in, which made Darius so angry that he was about to vomit blood.
	He really did spit out a mouthful of blood, and even his teeth were kicked out.
	Finnley was having a lot of fun beating him up. If she didn't beat up such scum, she would be doing a disservice to the girls who were suffering.
	"Are you tired of beating yet? Let me beat him up for a while." Seeing that Finnley was having so much fun beating him, Amy also joined in beating up Darius.
	In the end, Darius didn't even bother to scream, and the pain all over his body made him almost die.
	Their hands were getting sore when there was a knock at the door. Finnley and Amy looked at each other and got Darius on the bed. They both wiped some of the blood on the floor towards their bodies. Finnley looked at her white dress and gritted her teeth. By the time the door was kicked hard open, Finnley and Amy were hugging each other and crying out loud, covered in blood.
	The police, led by Dexter, all rushed into the house. As soon as they saw that Darius was lying on the bed and not paying any attention to the police, while the two women were sitting on the floor covered in blood, they knew immediately what was going on. It must be this man who had bullied the two women!
	"Take him away. You two should also come back to the police station with me to take statements. We have no choice but to bother you." Today it was the police chief who personally led the men to arrest Darius.
	Darius's eyes were wide open. He had already been beaten up like this by those two women. Was this police chief blind?
	"Okay. It's just that he's not wearing any clothes." Amy spoke timidly.
	"You guys, just carry him away with the blanket. He's really gone too far! How can he do this to two women? This is simply outrageous!" The police chief, who had just been promoted, happened to be under Darius's father's nemesis.
	"Chief, we also found several female corpses at the back of the courtyard, all highly decomposed." A lot of police came and searched all of Darius's villa. The bodyguards didn't even stop them, and they were all escorted directly to the side.
	"Sister, how are you doing?" Dexter was shocked when he saw Amy's face, but he didn't recognize Finnley, who was wearing a dress and had blood on her face, so Dexter didn't think it was Finnley.
	"Where's Finnley?" It was only when he heard Amy say that she was fine that Dexter asked about Finnley. He had looked throughout the house and there was no sign of Finnley.
	"Her? Isn't she in front of you?" Amy looked at Dexter in surprise.
	Dexter looked again at Finnley in her white dress, "Are you Finnley?" Dexter asked hesitantly.
	"Yes!" Finnley nodded. Had she even changed so much that Dexter couldn't recognize her?
	"Are you okay? Why is there so much blood on you?" Dexter was anxious to see if there were any injuries on Finnley, who was wearing a white dress. And she had smeared more blood on herself earlier, so she looked very frightened.
	"It's okay. It's not my blood. It's that guy's!" Finnley came up to Dexter's ear and whispered quietly, while the faint fragrance of her body sent ripples through Dexter's heart.
	Darius was arrested and the charges were all put in place. He was sentenced to death for having harmed many women and using extremely cruel methods!
	Finnley was back to his old self and dangling in front of Dexter's face in his black unisex suit.
	When Finnley had once again placed the information in front of Dexter and was about to leave, Dexter took her hand.
	"Finnley, I think you look good in women's clothes too." Dexter blushed as he finished and let go of his hand.
	Finnley fled in a hurry, and her face flushed. Both were reminded of a question. What was going on in their relationship?
	"Where did you go last night?" Richard's beard had grown out while he sat in the living room waiting for Amy.
	"Why haven't you gone to bed?" It was getting light and Amy was feeling all tired.
	"I'm waiting for you! Aren't we a couple?" Richard did take that comment from Amy to heart.
	"Oh, come on then. Let's go to bed. I'm pretty tired too. There was a bit of an incident last night, but I've got it all taken care of." Amy hurriedly headed for the house. She wanted to change her clothes for fear that the blood on her body would worry Richard.
	"What's that on you? It's blood!" Even though Amy was paying attention, Richard spotted it. He saw a lot of blood on Amy's dress.
	"Shh, don't talk loudly or mum will hear you later. Let's go in first!" Amy dragged Richard into the bedroom and closed the door behind her. She found her clothes and got ready to take a shower.
	"When I have showered and changed, I'll talk to you slowly. I want to take a shower now." Amy stood on her tiptoes and kissed Richard on the cheek and went to the bathroom with her clothes in her arms.
	The warm water spilled over her body and was particularly pleasant. Amy's hands and feet ached a little. She hadn't saved her strength when she had punched that scum today, and she enjoyed each punch.
	Amy squinted to get her head clean and as soon as she opened her eyes, she saw that a man was standing in front of her, also with all his clothes off.
	"What are you doing in here?" Amy looked at Richard's dumbfounded look.
	"I came in to see if you were hurt. And I can help you take a shower. I could have helped Allen take a bath." With that, Richard pulled Amy into the nearby bathtub that was already all set with hot water.
	"Hey, hey, what are you doing helping me wash up? Just take care of yourself." Amy spotted Richard's hand resting on her breast.
Chapter 426 Delighted William
	Sarah returned home gleefully. She hugged her son, kissed him, and put him down again.
	Only then did she make her way to her and William's bedroom, who was in bed in his pajamas and reading the newspaper.
	"You're back?" William greeted Sarah as soon as he saw her return. He had noticed that Sarah was in a particularly good mood and having gone to a class reunion with her mother, Alberta. How could she be in such a good mood?
	"Honey, I have good news for you. Tomorrow morning, the HD Group will have no leader, and the position of president will be yours!" Sarah crawled over to William's side and snuggled up to him.
	"Where did you get this information? And what's happened to Amy?" As soon as he heard his wife's words, William's heart burst with excitement. It really wasn't easy to take the power back from Amy's hands.
	"At the party today, I ran into Darius. My mum used a way to get Darius to go to Amy and Finnley. I didn't expect Finnley to be a woman, but that doesn't even matter anymore. You know Darius is a psychopathic demon, and there are hardly any people who have survived his hands. So tomorrow morning, let's wait for those guys from HD Group to invite us! Hahahahaha!" Sarah seemed to feel as if she had all but become the president's wife.
	"Really? That's great! We are finally getting rid of Amy. Sarah, you've done a great job! Then I'm relieved. I, as Director of Finance, am under restraint in every way! When I'm president again, I'm going to love you so much." William took Sarah in his arms.
	"Honey, don't you think I'm clever?" Sarah pouted at William. If she got rid of Amy this time, then her position would be secure and Sophia, who was all but a wreck, no longer even mattered.
	"You're clever. You're so clever! Come on, let me give you a good kiss!" William rolled onto Sarah's body and began his lovemaking with her.
	William wore one of his best suits and a tie. He felt so refreshed today, the sky was so blue and the air was so fresh.
	He arrived at the HD Group and had already walked around several times, but there was no sign of Amy.
	It seemed that Sarah was right, Amy was never late for work, at least not until ten o'clock.
	"Fabian, have you seen Miss Miller?" William asked Fabian deliberately.
	"No." Fabian went off to his office with a pile of documents in his arms.
	William happily walked around a few more times, making the HD Group wonder what was wrong with him today, and he would greet anyone he saw.
	But it was already noon and the HD Group was in order and there was no commotion. Could it be that the word hadn't gotten out yet? Did people not know that Amy might not even be coming back?
	With this in mind, William went back to his office and gave Matt a call.
	"Mr. Wilson, do you know that Amy has been taken away by Darius?" William said to Matt.
	It was better if he didn't say anything. As soon as he said it, Matt was instantly furious. The woman he liked had been taken away by Darius? Then he had to fucking die!
	"When did that happen?" Matt asked William, holding down the fear in his heart.
	"It was just last night. My wife and her mother went to a class reunion. Darius's father was invited as a guest, and however, Darius came along and took a liking to Amy and Finnley and got them back to his villa. I don't know what's happened to them now!" Now in R City, William was not as powerful as he used to be. He hadn't been back for so long that many people already looked down on him.
	He had to get Matt to confirm this at this time to see if Amy had really been killed.
	"Okay, I'll go check it out right away." Before William could finish his sentence, Matt immediately hung up the phone. He was so panicked. Although he was thinking that Amy would have no place to go and come to him after he had brought down HD Group, he never wanted to get Amy killed.
	Amy looked at Richard's dumbfounded face and felt a little puzzled. Wasn't he only the intelligence of a several-year-old? Then why was her back so sore?
	"What's wrong with you? Why do you look so uncomfortable?" Richard took Amy in his arms and kissed Amy's face.
	"My back is breaking. Richard, tell me if you're playing dumb. Do you even know who I am already?" Amy said to Richard in annoyance.
	"Of course I know who you are. I've always known. You're my wife. I looked it up on the internet and that's what wives and husbands are supposed to do." Richard said seriously.
	His seriousness made Amy wonder if he was really stupid or not.
	"And does the internet even teach that?" Amy said angrily.
	"I went and read some more books! I do know the words." Richard thought it was normal for him to know this. Why was his wife so angry?
	Seeing Richard pouting, Amy thought he wasn't pretending to be stupid. Richard had never looked like this before.
	Well, unlucky for her! She didn't even have the energy to go to work today. After all that had happened last night, she'd been fucked by Richard early in the morning! As she woke up from her sleep at this time, she found it was getting dark.
	"Grumble!" Amy's stomach growled.
	"Honey, are you hungry? I'll go and get you something to eat, shall I?" Richard got up lovingly, put on his house clothes, and went to bring Amy some food.
	Amy was wrapped up in her quilt. She was naked, but she didn't have the energy to get up and get dressed.
	When she thought about how she had beaten up Darius last night, she felt particularly excited. It was thanks to Finnley, who had found out who Darius's nemesis was, and knew that the current police chief had a problem with him, that they were able to get rid of him so easily, and made his father afraid to step in and bail him out!
	Amy smiled at the thought of it. Finnley looked so beautiful in women's clothing that even she was mesmerized. She wondered how Dexter would react! She was so curious!
	"Mummy, Mummy, you're awake. You've been sleeping with Daddy all day. Are you sick? Let me see if you're not feeling well somewhere?" As Amy was lost in thought, Allen suddenly scurried in from outside and reached out to lift her quilt!
Chapter 427 Planning Ahead
	When Allen finished speaking, he was about to lift Amy's quilt, which startled Amy. She tried to cover herself when it was already too late.
	"Allen, come and eat." At this time, Richard's voice rang out from behind in time, and Allen's attention was diverted.
	"What's good to eat, Daddy?" Allen turned his head and saw that Richard was carrying lots of more food. He immediately moved out of the way to see what goodies his dad had brought up.
	"Come on, let's go and wash our hands. Just wash your hands before eating." Richard carried Allen and went to the bathroom, giving Amy a chance to get dressed.
	Amy hurriedly put her pyjamas on. She had been really scared just now.
	Richard figured it was about time and came out of the bathroom with Allen in his arms. The food was on the coffee table in the bedroom and they could smell it from a distance.
	"Dad, Mum, you haven't eaten, right? You guys eat, I'll just have some dessert." Allen's favorite was the dessert made by Grandma Cathy, and he would eat lots and lots of it every time.
	Amy and Richard ate their meals. They really wanted to laugh as they watched Allen eat the dessert one bite at a time. That dessert was beautifully made in small size and tasted great, so everyone enjoyed eating it.
	That plate full of dessert was quickly finished by Allen, and he went back down with the plate.
	"He's a good eater!" Richard complimented Allen. He liked Allen a lot but hadn't understood what it was all about.
	"Richard, he's your son. Do you really not know?" Amy saw the doting look on Richard’s face and couldn't believe he didn't know what Allen was to him.
	"Oh, I'll look it up online later." Richard nodded. What he often heard was that he was his son, but he didn't know what kind of relationship his son had with him. He was someone else's son too, but that person was a woman.
	Amy was at a loss whether to cry or to laugh at Richard’s words. Sometimes she thought he was pretending, like last night, but sometimes he seemed to be really ignorant.
	After eating, Richard wiped Amy's mouth and put the food on a tray. By this time, Allen came back up with the dessert.
	"Mum, Dad, I've just finished all yours. Now I've got some more for you. Grandma says these are even better." Allen was chubby and looked particularly cute as he carried the food.
	"Aren't you going to eat then?" Amy and Richard asked Allen as they tasted the dessert, but Allen shook his head, saying he wasn't going to eat.
	"Are you sure you don't want to eat? It does taste good." Amy teased Allen.
	"Mum, I am unable to eat. I ate my meal earlier and I ate so many desserts just now. I really can't eat any more of this." Although Allen watched his parents eat so well and he wanted to eat, when he touched his round tummy, he could only look at the dessert and drool.
	"What? Darius was arrested? Didn't they say that Amy would definitely be killed?" William's jaw dropped to the floor when he heard Matt's words. Darius was so notorious that everyone privately called him the Beauty Terminator.
	But why had he been pulled off the stage this time, and his father hadn't even bothered with the matter?
	"I didn't understand what was going on either. The police chief himself went to arrest him and put him in a felony prison. Luckily, Amy's okay." Matt's concerns were completely different from William's. He just wanted Amy to be okay. All he wanted was Amy, and soon, Amy would be his woman.
	But William was distressed when he got the news. He thought Amy would be dead for sure this time. But he didn't expect her to bring down Darius. How could she be so capable? That was incredible!
	"William, do you really want to be the president of HD Group now?" Matt certainly knew what was on William's mind.
	"Yes, of course, I do!" William wanted to be the president of HD Group, but he wasn't trying to make HD Group great. He just wanted to sell HD Group, get his share of the money, and walk away. It was also impossible for him to run a company of that size. But if the company was in Richard's hands, he would no longer have any shares and would not get any money, so he wanted to destroy HD Group.
	"It was an estate left by my father and I also wanted to make a big splash," William spoke eloquently.
	"Then let's make another deal. Let's not wait for long preparations, and just do something simple and brutal." Matt didn't want to wait any longer either. He couldn't even wait anymore.
	"Tell me how we can make a deal!" William certainly felt the sooner the better.
	"Then you ... and both of us can achieve what we want." Matt improvised the deal between them.
	"Okay, then we'll do that and we'll both get what we want." William just agreed. He really couldn't wait any longer either.
	"Miss Miller, the president of the bank has asked you to come over today, saying that the matter of your loan from last time has been finalized." Fabian came through the door with a copy of the document for Amy.
	Amy saw that it was the one for her loan, and she had already signed it, so she was definitely going to see him.
	"Did the president of the bank say when? Is it that I should go over there now?" Amy asked Fabian.
	"What the president of the bank said was that you'd better go quickly. He's going on a business trip soon and he's afraid that it’ll be too late when he gets back." He had just spoken to the secretary of the president of the bank on the phone and that was indeed what she had explained.
	"Okay then, I'll be right there." Amy put down the work she was doing, changed her clothes, carried her bag, and headed out the door.
	"Amy, where are you going? I happen to be going out too. Shall I give you a lift?" In the underground car park, Amy met William, who happened to be heading out.
	"Forget it. I'll drive there myself. William, where are you going?" Amy wasn't going to take William's car.
	"I'm going to the finance office to ask about the grant. I'll be off then. You should drive a little more carefully too." William didn't say much, and he was just being polite just now. Then he drove off in his Audi.
	Amy started the car, put all her stuff in the back seat, and drove out of the car park as well.
	It was not far from the HD Group to the bank, but there was a bit of traffic. Amy was only halfway out of the HD Group when the car ran out of fuel. She thought for a moment that she hadn't filled up her car for a long time.
	Amy got out of the car, checked it, and found that it was indeed out of fuel. She then took out her phone and was ready to call her assistant. But just as she pulled out the phone, a black car came from beside her and dragged her in at once. And her phone fell to the ground.
Chapter 428 Kidnapped
	Amy's mobile phone fell outside as she was caught off guard and dragged into the car. The small black car drove off in a hurry, but at this time, a man arrived on the scene, picked up Amy's phone, and got into Amy's car. He backed up and then just drove off.
	Amy was in the car when she tried to resist, but was knocked unconscious from behind the back.
	Matt looked at Amy's stunning face as she lay in bed and slapped himself in the face. Back then, he was too infatuated with Gina's body and Amy was too reserved, so Matt didn’t like her.
	However, there were many things that were precious only after they were lost. It was only after his divorce from Amy that Matt missed her so much.
	Matt gently stroked Amy's face. Her fair face was delicate and polished, without the filler of powder or the encroachment of various fragrances, but with the fragrance of nature.
	Matt moved up to Amy's neck and took a deep breath. He couldn't get enough of the light fragrance. Why had he given up on such a beautiful woman back then? Her full boobs were all natural. The thought of Gina and Marian's silicone boobs made him feel sick.
	Amy felt a pain in her head. It was so painful that she couldn't even move. She barely opened her eyes before she saw a masked man looking at her.
	"Who are you?" Amy's voice was a little hoarse, probably because she hadn't had any water in a long time.
	But the masked man didn't say anything, just looked at her. He wore glasses and was all black.
	"I want some water." Amy licked her dry lips and Matt went and poured a glass of water and handed it to her. Amy took it and finished it in one gulp. She tried to get up, but her head still hurt.
	"What did you get me into here for? Do you want money? I can give you guys that. I can give you as much as you want. Will you let me go?" Amy looked at the masked man and begged him.
	The masked man took the cup, put it on the bedside table, turned around, and walked away, not saying a word to Amy.
	"Hey, hey!" Amy called out to the man. Her throat was still sore, but the man simply walked away without looking back, and she had to give up.
	Amy looked around the room and noticed that it was very clean. The most important thing was that the kidnappers hadn't tied her up after they had kidnapped her. Amy moved her legs and feet and found that she wasn't hurt either.
	It was only the back of her head that hurt, which reminded Amy of the blow she had received on the back of her head when she got into the car. It was a really hard blow and she still had a bump on her head.
	Amy tried to get out of bed. There was a smell in the room that made her feel uncomfortable and she was so stuffy that she wanted to open the window.
	Amy trudged over to the window and pulled the heavy curtains aside, then she saw that the window was unbarred. When she pushed the window open, she knew why the room was unbarred, because behind it was a cliff.
	She pushed the window open and the wind from that cliff blew over and made her feel cold, so she closed the window again.
	She was sure she couldn't escape from the window. What about the door? Amy knew it was impossible, but she still walked towards the door. She hadn't taken more than a few steps before her legs went weak, so she crawled through purely. When she reached the door, she stood up holding onto the door of the room, and tried to open it. She didn't expect the door to actually be opened, but there were a lot of men in black standing outside.
	All the men in black were masked and about the same height, and all had similar figures. But, Amy noticed that none of the men were the same men in black who had just looked at her.
	"Madam, you can tell us to do whatever you want. Just have a good rest in the house!" The masked man at the door said to Amy in a polite manner.
	Amy then had to back off again. She had been feeling weak in her legs and didn't know what was causing it.
	She slammed the door hard, but she fell straight to the floor because she had pushed too hard.
	Fortunately, the thick carpet protected her from hurting, but she did not get up for a long time.
	When the door opened again, it was the masked man she had first seen. He was coming in with food. When he came in, he found Amy still sitting on the floor. He then put the food down and carried Amy to the bed and made her lie down properly before he brought up the food for her again.
	The food was plentiful, with fish and meat, and prawns, which she loved. She hadn't expected to be able to eat so well after she had been kidnapped.
	"Is all this for me?" Amy asked.
	The masked man in black nodded and made a gesture for Amy to eat more.
	Amy assumed he was a dummy and gave the meal a look. Now that it had come to this, she wasn't afraid that he would poison her. If he had wanted to get her killed, he would have done so long ago.
	Amy picked up her chopsticks and began to eat with great relish. She didn't know how long she had been sleeping and she was really hungry.
	It was only after she had eaten two bowls of rice that she felt a little more comfortable. She smiled at the masked man who had been watching her eat.
	"I'm full, thank you." She had almost finished all the food that had been brought to her.
	Matt walked out again with that food in his hand. He couldn't let Amy know it was him who had kidnapped her just yet.
	Amy was grateful to the dummy. He actually knew she was hungry and got her so much good food.
	When she had eaten enough, Amy thought her legs and feet would be stronger, but they weren't. She could move around, but when she stepped on the floor, her legs and feet would get weak and she couldn't take more than a few steps.
	This made Amy very nervous. What was going on? Why was she like this? Was she going to be a wreck?
	Amy rubbed her feet and tugged again. She could feel her feet, but she just had no strength.
	Even getting up to go to the toilet was a struggle for Amy. She wondered if she was suffering from some kind of illness.
	When the man in black came again, Amy told the black man that she had no strength in her legs and needed a pair of crutches, otherwise, she would have problems going to the toilet.
	The black man nodded. He really hadn't thought about the fact that Amy had to go to the toilet. But that didn't matter. He could give Amy a pair of crutches to go to the toilet in his absence. And if he had been here, he would have happily carried Amy to the toilet!
Chapter 429 Matt Come to Rescue
	Amy looked at the exquisite crutch, and she had a better impression of that tall masked man. Although that was all she had to live for, but at this moment, she was not thinking of running away. Her own legs did not allow her to run even if she wanted, so she might as well respond to cope with shifting events by sticking to a fundamental principle.
	"Thank you!" Amy smiled sweetly at the masked Matt.
	Her smile made Matt's eyes light up. He hadn't even had such contact with Amy for a long time. Before today, they were just connected by interests, but today, it turned out that her smile was so appealing.
	He nodded to Amy and then went out. He had a good understanding of what it meant in the saying that fool's haste was no speed. For a woman like Amy, he could only use tenderness to touch her.
	After being imprisoned for several days, Amy was free all the time, and no one did anything to her or asked her to do anything, all of which made Amy feel very strange.
	"Hello? Do you know what they kidnapped me for? If it was for money, I didn't see any one ask my family members to bring money here. If it was for me, no one did anything to me. Did they simply kidnap me and take care of me here?" Amy finally asked the masked Matt because she couldn’t wait anymore.
	Matt didn’t answer but instead listened to Amy. She was silent again as she realized that she was speaking to a dumb person.
	She was silent again. Matt reached out and touched Amy's hand and shook it. Amy sighed, now that she was locked up here, no one knew, how could anyone come to her rescue.
	Matt reached out, touched Amy's hands and held them. Amy sighed. Now she was locked up here, and no one knew. How came someone came to rescue her? Her legs were wrong again. It’s impossible to escape. What to do?
	Matt once again held Amy's hands, his gaze being warm.
	"What do you mean? Are you going to help me?" Suddenly, Amy felt familiar with the gaze, but she could not remember no matter how hard she tried to recall.
	Matt nodded through the veil.
	"Have I seen you somewhere before? Why do I feel that you are a bit familiar?" Amy suddenly asked Matt. Her words made Matt froze, but he quickly regained his composure.
	"Ah, ah, ah!" Matt pointed at his mouth and then made a strange sound. Amy heard and then looked at Matt. Maybe she had thought too much.
	Matt looked at Amy again and then he turned around and went out. He walked very slowly. Amy looked at his back but didn't think anything more about it.
	At midnight, Amy tossed and turned, unable to sleep. When she was so tired that she fell asleep, a shadow emerged. Someone climbed in from outside the window, approached Amy's bed, got in bed as soon as the person lifted Amy's quilt.
	"Ah!" Amy felt someone was under her blanket. She tried to kick, but her legs had no strength. She could only use her hands to resist. But the difference in strength between the two was too great. Amy was quickly overpowered by the other side, and she was pinned under the man, who used his hands to tear her clothes.
	"Let go of me! let go of me! You bad man. You bad man!" Although Amy was still writhing, the other man's smelly mouth was coming up. The man was completely silent. He just went straight for it.
	Just as Amy was getting desperate, the door was suddenly burst open and a tall figure burst in. He walked over to Amy's bed, reached out to pick the man up, and then gave him a violent beating.
	"ouch! Who are you? How dare you hit me?" The man finally spoke, probably because he had been hit too hard by the man who had just come.
	Immediately, several more men came in and together they restrained the man who came to rescue Amy. Although the man was still relatively agile, there were too many people and he was finally tied up.
	Only then did Amy see that the person who came to rescue her was actually Matt!
	"Kneel down! It's fucking evil. This nasty guy has ruined my day. Pull him down and beat him up for me! And, how come you guard the door? How come you let him break in? Drag him down and beat him up!" The man covered his face, which had been injured by Matt, and spoke angrily.
	The men under his command pulled Matt down. Matt gave Amy a deep look. He said in lip language "Wait for me!”. And then he was dragged down.
	"You've ruined my mood. You bitch! You're a real curse! Drag this woman out and lock her up in the dark room!" The man's mood was interrupted and he was already thunderstruck, so he was no longer so polite to Amy. He commanded someone to drag Amy out and locked her up in the dark room
	The conditions in the small dark room were not as good as it was in the big room. Amy didn't even know how big the dark room was. She just knew that the room was very dark and she could see nothing.
	It took a while for Amy to adjust to the light in the room, and she saw that she was not alone in the room. There was another person huddled in the corner.
	"Hey, hey, how are you?" Although Amy was not too timid, she was still a little nervous in case there was a dead person in the room.
	There was no sound from the other side, and Amy was a little further away from the person, yet she could feel that the person was not dead.
	She moved towards the person and poked him with her hand. He grunted a little and Amy's heart dropped. As long as it’s not a dead person, it’s all right.
	"What's wrong with you?" Amy padded over. She touched the person and the person was indeed alive.
	It was just that she didn't know what she had touched. Amy's hand was sticky, and when she put her hand in front of her nose and smelled it, there was actually a big smell of blood.
	"Are you hurt?" Amy had no time thinking about her words. She helped the man, and the man was already in pain and could only grunt. The grunt was very suppressed.
	"Help! Help! The man is injured. You can't kill him. Give him a bandage!" Amy shouted at the door.
	But there was no movement outside the door, so she crawled to the door again according to her memory and rapped hard on the door, shouting as she did so.
	At this moment, someone finally spoke at the door.
	"What are you yelling? He deserved it!" The man at the door said viciously.
	"If he died, you all would be guilty of murder! You'll see to it yourselves!" Amy knew at this moment that threats were useless, but she could only threaten anyway.
	The door was opened along with some noise. A bottle of medicine was thrown in, and then there was a ball of white gauze thrown in as well.
Chapter 430 Who is Marian?
	After Amy called for help at the door, the door opened and a bottle of medicine and a roll of gauze was thrown in.
	"It's really annoying. You don't let anyone rest! Come and take it!" The voice at the door was impatient, and after throwing the things in, the door was closed again.
	Amy did not catch that medicine, but only saw the gauze. The gauze was white, which was more eye-catching. Amy fumbled for a long time before she found the medicine.
	"Come, and I'll give you some medicine. You bear it. Tell me where you hurt. I can't see it." It was difficult to see in that dark room.
	The man rested for a while and felt better. Then he took Amy's hand and placed it on the place where he was hurt the most. When Amy touched it, blood was indeed pouring out of that spot.
	After sprinkling some medicine on her hand, Amy placed the hand with the powder on the wound, and then repeated this. When the blood was not pouring out very strongly, Amy wrapped the man's waist with a bandage. The man's clothes were all taken off, and now there was only a thin T-shirt.
	"Thank you, Amy." It was only at this moment that the man slowed down and he opened his mouth to thank Amy, who then heard that the injured man turned out to be Matt.
	"Matt, how come you're here?" Amy subconsciously stepped back towards the back.
	“Matt? How come you are here?” Amy stepped backward subconsciously.
	Matt's voice was awkward as he coughed again.
	Amy thought that it was also him who had come to rescue her just now, and she could not bear it.
	"Don't be anxious. You'll be fine after resting for a while." Amy said, but she still stayed away from Matt.
	"Good, as long as you are fine." Matt coughed for a while and he started to gasp for air. He was very weak.
	"Amy, it's all my fault. This time, it's my fault too. I thought I could rescue you, but I didn't expect that I even couldn’t protect myself!" Matt's voice was filled with chagrin.
	Amy didn't say anything. There was still a fog in her heart about Matt's sudden appearance. How did he know that she was here?
	"I know you are wondering why I came here. Because I was unintentionally found a mute who, for several days in a row, folded a paper plane and flew it out. I picked the paper plane up, and it said “Help”. I didn't think much of it, so I rushed in accidentally. I really didn't think it would be you!" Matt said for a while, then he seemed to be very tired and stopped talking.
	Another long period of silence followed, so silent that Amy thought Matt had fallen asleep when he moved his body.
	"Amy, thank you for helping me dress my wounds regardless of the past. If I can get out alive this time, I will definitely repay you properly!" Matt broke the silence.
	"No, it's best if you just don't bother me. Let's all go our separate ways from now on." Amy didn't want to have any dealings with such a man.
	"You can't forgive me anyway. Amy, I don't ask you to forgive me. I just want you to be an ordinary friend of me. I was blind to let go of you, but I was also blinded. Forget about it. I can't blame it all on others, because my own position is also unstable." Matt was modest while he was speaking. He never had such an attitude ever since they were known to each other. He used to put the blame on others.
	The two of them did not speak again, but at this moment, the door of the small dark room opened. The sky was already a bit gray. When the door opened, the light also shone in. The cold wind also blew in, and Amy shivered. Matt followed and sneezed.
	"There's really a tacit understanding?" A woman's voice came from the doorway.
	That voice was not unfamiliar to Amy. Marian walked in through the doorway, and she asked someone to turn on the power and the small dark room was lit up at the same time.
	"Matt, are you so badly injured? Is this women who you have done so much?" Marian looked at the blood on Matt's body. Her jealousy flooded her again and she walked up to Amy and tried to give her a slap on the face.
	Amy reached out and grabbed her. "Grab this woman for me! Let's see how I'll deal with her!" Marian asked the other people to pin Amy down. She waved her hand and slapped Amy several times. Amy's face instantly swelled up.
	"What a shameless woman. She's already married but she still wants to seduce my man! Come, help Matt up and bring him a piece of clothing. It's so cold. Don't let him freeze." Marian was still very concerned about Matt.
	"No need. I don't need your kindness." Matt said to Marian coldly.
	"Matt, you are treating me like this because of this woman, right? I didn't expect you injured so severe just in order to save her. Do you still have her in your heart?" Marian gambled and gave Amy another kick when she finished talking.
	"Don't hit her. Just do it to me!" Matt saw Marian hitting Amy and felt pain from his heart.
	"No way. Matt, You like her, don’t you? Then I'll destroy her. In that case, you can only like me. Matt, isn't it my body you like? My body hasn't changed. Have you forgotten what you said about my body? You said you would like me forever." Marian walked to Matt's side and snuggled into his arms.
	"You go away!" Matt pushed Marian out with force, but Marian stuck to Matt's body like a rice cake.
	"Matt, don't be in a hurry. I will treat you well. I will listen to you in everything from now on, but this woman must die!" Marian pointed at Amy.
	"You're making a dream. Do you think I'll die if you tell me to? This country is still governed by law. It is not up to you, Gina!" Although Amy was not even speaking very clearly, she still uncovered Gina's bottom line.
	As soon as Matt heard that Marian was Gina? He was stumped for a few minutes, and then he had a feeling of wanting to vomit.
	"Amy, you know too much! Those who know too much can only go to hell!" Gina pounced madly at this time at Amy, and she stuck her hand around Amy's neck with a grip.
	Gina was knocked away by Matt with his own body, and he shielded Amy behind himself.
	"Gina, you bitch. How long do you still want to lie to me?" Matt said fiercely to Gina.
	"Matt, I went for plastic surgery for you. I just want to give you a brand new me. Don't you love me? You abandoned this woman for me, and now she's a wreck, what do you need her for? The two of us are the right couple. A man unmarried and a woman unmarried are a perfect couple!" Gina leaned towards Matt's body again, and Matt gave her a fierce kick!
Chapter 431 Escape
	When Gina got closer to Matt, Matt used his leg to kick her irritably, kicking Gina far away.
	“Matt, Matt, why do you have to treat me like this. It’s all because of this woman, right? So I have to destroy her, to make you like me, am I right?” Gina got the people to pull Matt away, and she looked at Amy’s bloated face, ready to give her a hard kick again.
	Amy raised her leg at this moment, and kicked Gina’s belly, the only place that she could reach was Gina’s belly.
	Gina clutched her belly, and her belly started hurting, but she couldn’t let Amy off.
	“Come on, put the both of them in separate rooms, I will head to the hospital now. I’ll take care of her when I’m back!” Gina’s belly hurt, and she had to go to the hospital immediately.
	Gina left, Amy’s face was bloated, Matt and her were locked up in separate places. Her place was slightly better, with a little bit of sunlight, Matt on the other hand was still in that dark house.
	Amy’s hands were tied up, her face hurt because it had been hit by Gina. It hurt a lot, but she could only bear with it. She realized that there was actually a balcony and window in this house.
	She got up with difficulty, but her legs felt like jelly, and she fell back on the floor again. Her kick towards Gina just now was actually not a strong one, because she was left with little energy in her legs.
	She wasn’t even sure what happened to Gina and why she had to rush off to the hospital. But all these were not important anymore. Now, she had to escape. Amy moved to the bottom of the window, once again getting up by leaning on the wall as support.
	Even though the window was small, and could only fit one person, but it surprised Amy. The outside of the window was unlike the balcony which had anti-theft barriers. There was nothing at all outside.
	It has been a long time since she ate, but Amy felt as if her legs became stronger. This felt odd, could someone have added drugs into her food?
	Amy felt energy in her legs, and began to look for a sharp place, wanting to cut off the ropes that tied her up.
	“Amy, Amy!” Amy heard Matt’s voice from next door. However, when she took a look, she could not see him anywhere. She looked towards the source of the sound, and noticed that the two houses were separated by a divider. A knife was cutting through that narrow slit.
	Amy couldn’t care about anything else, she walked over and took the knife, starting to cut the ropes on her hands. She heard Matt’s voice again.
	“Amy, quick escape. If Gina comes back, you won’t be able to escape anymore.”
	“What about you? What should you do?” Due to her gratefulness towards Matt for sending his knife, Amy asked him.
	“You don’t have to consider me, I will find a way to escape, you can’t save me.” After finishing his words, Matt coughed again.
	With his cough, Amy felt a little embarrassed to be leaving him.
	“Matt, I will save you and escape together. I don’t want to owe you one. You hold on, I will think of a way.” Amy told Matt through the slit.
	Matt who was next door smiled, he had made the right gamble. He understood Amy’s personality, he knew she was a very kind girl!
	Amy used the knife to scrape at the divider between her and Matt. She didn’t know when Gina would come back. She had already gone to the window to take a look, this place was actually on the second floor, she wouldn’t be hurt if she jumped down.
	When she cut open the divider, she pushed it open, and even though it was only a very small hole, it was enough for her to go over and hold Matt up.
	“Amy, you go first, my wound still hurts a little, I think I might not be able to make some strong struggles. I can divert Gina’s attention by being here. What’s more, who she wants is me. I owe you one, I will pay it back to you.” Matt said weakly.
	“Stop talking, I will bring you out together. This is the second floor, even if we jump down we wouldn’t be too injured, so don’t worry. I will push you down first, once you reach the bottom you can make way, and I will jump down next.” Amy helped Matt to the window, and pushed Matt up.
	“Jump down, don’t hesitate.” Amy said to Matt. Based on Matt’s abilities, even if he was injured, there wouldn’t be too much of a problem for him to jump down.
	Just when Matt wanted to say something else, he was pushed down by Amy. Amy took a look at the room, and realized that there was no sign of Gina being back yet. She then jumped down from the window too.
	When Amy jumped down, she didn’t fall on the ground. Instead, she fell on top of Matt’s body, giving him a soft impact. She heard Matt groaning slightly.
	“Why didn’t you make way? Let me help you to a side.” After jumping down from the room, it was a small road. Amy helped Matt up and started running.
	“Amy, let’s run towards the East. My car is over there, once we have a car, it would be so much more convenient.” Matt said to Amy.
	“Alright, let’s hurry and run.” Amy helped Matt and started running.
	“Stay right there, both of you, stay right there!” Before the both of them could get far, Gina was already back. When she realized that both of them had already escaped, she got people to chase after them.
	“Amy, quick go, don’t bother about me, I might hold you back.” Matt took a look at the people behind them. He almost couldn’t run anymore.
	“No way, we have to leave together, I can’t leave you behind.” Amy replied firmly.
	From afar she could already see Matt’s car, they only have to get on the car.
	“Matt, Amy, stay right there. People, block all the roads to their houses, I’ll see how they can escape!” Gina was yelling with all her might behind them.
	With Amy’s help, both of them safely reached Matt’s car. Both of them got on the car, and Amy started the engine. However, the people behind them had already gotten on their car, ready to chase up with them.
	Amy escaped with the car, and the car behind them was tailing them closely.
	“Amy, we can’t go home now, Gina is already crazy. She said that she will send people to all the roads to wait for us. We head towards West now, I have a house over there, but it is very secluded.” Matt said to Amy.
	At this moment, Amy couldn’t care what direction she was headed to, she drove wherever there were roads, not even noticing that she was already headed in the direction in which Matt had said.
Chapter 432 Hiding
	Matt watched as Amy drove towards the direction that he said, and his lips raised quietly.
	The car behind them was getting more and more anxious. Amy’s stomach was hungry, and her brain was turning a little dizzy. But she didn’t dare to relax, she could only step on the accelerator to the maximum.
	Matt’s car was still in good shape, in addition to Amy’s good driving skills, very quickly, she managed to leave the car that was trailing them behind. However, just at the most crucial moment, Amy’s head felt very dizzy, and her eyes were foggy. The road in front of her seemed to appear in doubles, and very quickly, she passed out.
	“Amy, Amy, wake up, we are already safe.” A voice was shouting at her next to her ears. Amy wanted to open her eyes, but her eyes felt as if they were glued together.
	“Matt, is that you?” At this moment, Amy couldn’t care about anything else, the voice she heard belongs to Matt.
	Amy’s hand was held by Matt, “Yes, it’s me, it’s me, but we can only hide here now. It is safe here at the moment. Gina has gone crazy, I guess she wants to kill you, so there is nowhere else we can go.” Matt said sincerely.
	Amy wanted to rub her eyes, but after rubbing, her eyes opened up, and she couldn’t see anything much.
	“Matt, why aren’t you turning on the lights, the house is so dark.” Amy took a look at the surroundings, but didn’t see Matt anywhere.
	“Turn on the lights? It’s daylight now, can you feel it, the sun is shining on your bed.” Matt said to Amy.
	But Amy couldn’t see anything no matter how much she tried. Her heart sank in despair.
	“Am I blind?” Amy felt around, and she could indeed feel the warm sunlight on her bedsheets.
	“Can you not see anything? Amy, can you not see my hand?” Matt’s voice was anxious, as if very worried about Amy.
	“Yeah, I can’t see anything.” When she confirmed that she couldn’t see anything, Amy was not anxious anymore. Instead, she was very calm.
	“Don’t worry, I will employ the best doctors to cure your eyes. Amy, I used to be an unreliable person, but from now on, I will change thoroughly. I don’t ask much from you, I only want to make up for my past mistakes, please give me this chance.” Matt said fervently.
	Amy didn’t say anything else. Although she looked calm on the outside, but she felt very upset inside.
	“Matt, help me pour a glass of water, I feel like drinking water.” Amy didn’t feel talking at this moment.
	“Alright, I’ll go fill a glass of water for you.” Matt didn’t continue saying anything, and went to pour a glass of water for Amy. If it was in the past, Amy would have continuously asked what was wrong with her eyes, but the Amy now couldn’t be understood by him anymore.
	Amy drank her water, and her mind was a mess. But she wasn’t able to figure things out either, and she decided not to think about it anymore.
	“Amy, there’s food here, do you want me to feed you?” Matt knew that Amy was hungry, and prepared some food for her.
	“I’ll help myself.” Amy said with a cold face. She felt around for the little table in front of her, but instead placed her hand into the soup and got scalded. Matt quickly took her hand out, and used the napkin to wipe it for her.
	Amy was angry and flipped the table. She was already blind, how then would she take care of Richard and the kids, and how would she manage HD Group.
	Matt silently tidied up the things, then personally helped Amy to change up the dirty sheets. He carried Amy to the sofa, and let her lean against the sofa while zoning out.
	“Amy, hold on, I’ll change the sheets. This is a villa that I just bought, I’ve not renovated it yet. So everything is very run down, there’s not even a telephone.” Matt said apologetically, while changing the sheets.
	However, Amy’s heart felt very restless.
	Why were her eyes blind? Her eyesight was usually very good, and she didn’t have any illnesses. Could it be because she had eaten Gina’s food, making her legs weak, then blinding her eyes. This Gina, she was really lurking everywhere!
	But why did that dumb person feel so familiar. Amy thought of that dumb person, and shook her head. She felt that he was familiar, but couldn’t recall where she had seen him before.
	Matt changed the sheets, and took a look at Amy who was deep in thought. Her sharp features and cherry red lips made his throat tighten. This type of woman was like a delicious and refreshing delicacy, making people feel like eating more and more.
	Amy pursed her lips, her head hurts, and she couldn’t think of any solution. Does this mean she should just wait here for her death? As for her eyes, she had to go to the hospital for a check, if she missed the treatment period, it would be over for her.
	“Matt, can we go out? I want to head to the hospital to check my eyes.” Amy said to Matt.
	“Then let’s try in a while.” Matt didn’t reject Amy’s request, and agreed.
	Amy waited for Matt to finish tidying up. He then carried her to the car, and drove out.
	But before long, she heard Matt speed up, and stepping on the accelerator.
	“They’re out, they’re out, that car belongs to the persons who escaped, quick chase!” The voice of Gina’s people passed through. Matt only drove the car at lightning speed, and didn’t tell Amy anything else. Amy heard those sounds, and felt as if she had pulled Matt down with her.
	“Matt, you let me down, and leave quick!” Thinking that she had already made Matt bear with a beating, as well as her falling on Matt when they escaped from the window, Amy couldn’t bear it.
	“What are you talking about? You didn’t even leave me behind at the most dangerous moments, how can I dump you at this hour? Sit tight, I am going to speed up.” Finishing his words, Matt sped up again. With that speed, Amy felt very afraid, it was even more scary than when she had driven.
	Amy didn’t know how many rounds they had made, but in the end, Matt closed the door, and stopped the car.
	He opened the car door, and carried Amy up.
	“Amy, I’m sorry, we are already being watched. At the moment, I think we cannot go out, and I can’t bring you to the hospital too. We will hide here for a while. When Gina lets her guard down, I will send you to the hospital again.” Matt carried Amy back into the house, and put her back on the bed again.
Chapter 433 Search for Amy
	Matt laid Amy on the bed again but Amy did not say anything at this moment. Now, she could not see and control anything. All she could do was to wait quietly.
	“Amy, you should drink some water,” Matt asked her tentatively.
	Amy nodded her head and closed her eyes that were blind. She could take a rest as well. Now, at least her life was safe for the time being.
	Matt poured a cup of water for Amy and placed it to her mouth gently. Amy finished drinking in one gulp and she gave the cup back to Matt.
	“I want to sleep for a while,” Amy said to Matt.
	“Alright, then I will go out first. Call me when you’re hungry.” Matt closed the door.
	Amy lay down on the bed as she suddenly wanted to cry.
	‘Oh Amy, how unlucky are you? It seems that everybody who is with you will be unlucky, right? Your adoptive father was killed. Your husband was also affected by you and even your son was in trouble. All these seem to be related to yourself.’
	Should she be blamed for all these issues? Amy pondered for a long time. It seemed that she had not done anything bad. All those issues were caused by human attempts in tackling her.
	But what should she do now? All of the sudden, she could not see anything with her eyes. Even though she could walk with her legs, still she could not walk very far away. Gina was also looking for her and wanted to harm her. Now, she was just like a trapped beast in a cage.
	Amy rolled over and sat up. She still did not really believe in Matt, but she could do nothing about it now. She familiarized herself with the house as her room was very spacious. She remembered the distance from the bed to the coffee table as well as the distance from the coffee table to the window.
	She could only remember those for the first day as she was still unfamiliar with the room. It would be great if she could remember something each day.
	She felt tired as she was unable to see with her eyes. She was already sweating after familiarizing herself with the room. She went back to the bed and lay down. After lying down for only a short while, Matt opened the door and entered the room with a bowl of porridge.
	“Amy, I have cooked some porridge. Come on and have it. We don’t have much food left and it’s only enough for ten days. But luckily the previous owner has grown some vegetables with a few chickens too in the backyard. We can still last for a while without having to go out. But afterwards, I will have to risk and go out.” Matt explained their food source.
	Amy took the porridge and slowly put it in her mouth. The porridge was quite nice this time as she finished the bowl of porridge. She was not full after having the porridge since she was starving just now.
	“Do you want some more?” Matt said softly to Amy. He used a tissue to wipe Amy’s mouth but Amy dodged and avoided him. Amy wiped her mouth with her own hand.
	Matt’s hand came to a halt in embarrassment. However, he was not angry when he looked at Amy’s delicate face.
	“Amy, I’m sorry for being abrupt. I can take you for a walk in the backyard when you’re happier. I bought this place because I wanted to come here for a holiday during weekends, raising chickens and catching some fish. I have never thought it would come in handy now.” Matt imagined an enjoyable life with Amy and their children.
	“I can’t see anything and I’m not interested.” Amy was not interested in what he had just said. Those things were to be enjoyed with the person she loved, not with him.
	“Well, I will get a doctor to come and look at your eyes when I go out next time. Nothing is as important as your eyes. Amy, no matter how your eyes are, I will still take good care of you.” Matt looked affectionately at Amy. His plan was considered successful at this point. Now, there was a chance which was to make Amy fall in love with him and not to avoid him.
	Amy turned her body over. She felt disgusting by Matt’s words but she did not express it. Her inability to walk far and her blindness was most likely related to Matt. However, she just did not have the evidence, yet she was with him now. So, Amy still chose to protect herself.
	“Where is Amy?” Richard found out that Amy had not returned home for two days. He felt very strange, so he went to ask Cathy.
	“You’re right. Where has Amy gone? She hasn’t come back home for two days already. I go and ask her mother.” Cathy gave Eliana a call but Eliana said that she had not seen Amy.
	Everybody was anxious at this moment and they searched many places. They even called Finnley and Hannah but to no avail. The last person who saw Amy was Fabian. He said that the bank manager had contacted Amy and made an appointment with her to discuss the loan.
	However, that manager claimed that he did not know anything. Now, everybody knew that Amy was kidnapped but the kidnapper did not demand anything. Kidnappers normally must have demanded money or they just raped her. However, everybody was feeling bad about it as nobody had called them for money until now.
	“Mother, what’s going on? Why doesn’t Amy come home?” Richard still did not know how serious the kidnapping was right now. He saw that everybody was looking upset indeed.
	“Richard, don’t be anxious first. Amy should be fine. Go back to your room and take a rest.” Cathy simply let him go back first as she knew that her son could not help out anything at this moment.
	“No, I’m not going anywhere until you guys find Amy. I’m going to wait for her to come back.” Richard did not know why he was excited when he was with Amy. He could not think about too many things as he would get a headache if he did so.
	“You wait for her then.” Cathy did not have time to bother Richard and just let him stay there as long as he liked.
	Eliana and Cathy gathered a lot of people to search for Amy. Finnley had also informed Kingsley. Jamie Fisher got the news too while Kevin was concerned for her. Everybody came out to help. However, there was still no news of Amy at all after two days.
	“What should we do? It has been so many days and the kidnapper hasn’t said anything. Is Amy already…” Cathy and Eliana did not continue speaking while thinking of those unfortunate things.
	“Don’t be anxious. We will always have a solution. We have searched all over R City but still can’t find her. So, I think she is most likely in the outskirts. We will split up and search the surrounding outskirts. I don’t think she should be far away.” Kingsley, Andy and the rest of them had already discussed the matter, so they said to Cathy and Eliana.
	“Alright. Then let’s split up and look for her. I don’t believe we can’t find Amy if we search the entire R City!”
Chapter 434 She Was Attacked Again
	When everyone was finding the ways to find Amy, Cathy found out a terrible thing, which was Richard who had intellectual inability had gone missing.
	They had let him stay beside just now, but he had gone missing when they finished distributing the tasks.
	“Do you guys see Richard just now?” Cathy asked the house servants hastily.
	The servants shook their heads with puzzled looks on their faces, there was no one noticing of when did Richard leave.
	Now there was an additional thing to do, aside from finding Amy, which was to find Richard, they didn’t know where he had gone to again.
	Amy groped her way to the washroom, she was here for a few days already. After going to the washroom for a few times, she could grope the way there by herself, she didn’t need Matt to help her anymore.
	However, there was still no improvement with her eyes. During most of the time, Matt wouldn’t come and disturb her, she didn’t even know what he was doing. However, Amy felt that it was not related to her no matter what he was doing, and she still had a bad feeling that something was going to happen.
	The door was kicked open with a loud bang, it was exact to tell that the door was kicked open. Someone went in front of Amy, for sure Amy would get the short end of the stick since she had eye problem, then she was kicked by someone.
	“You bitch, do you think that I can’t find you anymore because you’ve run here? Huh, I had purposely let Matt go out just now, I know that you’re here. He treats you really nice, do you think that I can’t find you anymore because he has brought you to stay in his new house?” Gina’s vicious voice came from above her.
	“Gina, what do you mean again by doing so? You can bring Matt away, I won’t contend against you.” Amy’s stomach was painful after being kicked by Gina, she sat on the floor and couldn’t stand up for a long time.
	“You won’t contend against me? I think that you’re just always pretending to be pure and noble to attract men, so that they will notice you. Indeed, you’re so dirty inside, do you think that I don’t know it? You had caused my older sister to be in vegetative state, you had also sent Allison to the prison, luckily I’m still here and I can finally hold you to account!” Gina then went in front and she was going to kick Amy again.
	Although Amy couldn’t see using her eyes, she had practised her listening skill recently. She could feel that Gina wanted to kick her, so she rolled on the ground.
	Gina couldn’t get to kick her, she became angry again, so she chased Amy and kicked her. Although Amy could react at first, but she couldn’t escape from the continuous kicks.
	“Aren’t you so smart? Why don’t you defend yourself, why let me bully you?” Gina scolded her while kicking her.
	“Is it that you can’t see?” After kicking her for a while, Gina found out that Amy couldn’t see anything.
	“Hahaha, you’re blind, the god knows it. You deserve it, I thought that you will live happily and stay on top of me forever, now I see that it’s not, you get the retribution too! Hahaha!”
	After Gina found out this thing, she was so excited.
	Hence, she didn’t kick Amy anymore, she squatted down and held Amy’s chin using her hand.
	“Tsk, tsk, Amy, your face looks so beautiful. You have nice skin and nice facial features, I really can’t find any blemishes on your face. But it’s okay, we can make the blemishes since we can’t find them. Let’s see will there be any men who still like you even if I’ve damaged your face! Someone gives me a knife!” Gina was extremely happy at this moment, it was always her dream to bully and do whatever she wanted on Amy.
	Amy wanted to turn her head, but she couldn’t. Gina had let her subordinates stop Amy’s face from moving, then she took the knife from the person beside her and dabbed at her face gently.
	“If your face is damaged, Matt will only like me, so I will be his woman in the future. Amy, you should thank me, I’ve saved you and those silly men.” After saying these, Gina held the knife and moved it toward Amy’s face.
	Amy couldn’t defend herself, she knew that there were so many people in this house based on what she heard, the sound of heavy breathing had let her estimate their locations.
	When Gina’s knife was going to cut Amy’s face, Amy suddenly grabbed Gina’s hand, then she forced the knife stabbing toward Gina.
	Gina didn’t expect that Amy would defend herself, so she had cut her own face off balance.
	“Ah, I’m disfigured! You bitch, come on, you guys can do whatever you want on her, I will disfigure her face later when you guys had finished having fun!” The shame had made Gina angry at this moment, she covered her face and let those people besiege Amy.
	“Let go of me, let go of me.” Amy was pinned down by a group of men, there were some men trying to kiss her mouth.
	“Ouch, ouch!” Amy suddenly felt that the pressure on her was relieved, those men who were pinning her down, had been removed by someone, they were screaming some more.
	Soon, someone carried Amy in the arms and left the place quickly.
	Amy could smell the scent of that person, he was Matt. Matt had come back in time at this moment, this had let Amy feel really grateful to him. If he was not back yet, she would have lost everything, then she could only choose to end her life.
	“I’m so sorry for coming back late, Amy, but it’s okay since it’s not too late.” Matt carried Amy in his arms and walked for a long distance, the sound from those people had become farther away, then he put her down.
	“There is one more reason that I’ve bought this house, which is because it has a basement! Some more, the things in the basement are abundant, so we can stay here first. We will think about the way after Gina leaves, I didn’t expect that Gina would take the advantage when I went to the supermarket and bought something today.” Matt put Amy on a hard mattress.
	“Hmm, I want to thank you for the things that had happened today.” Amy finally told Matt some grateful words.
	“Don’t mention it, I’ve almost hurt you, but the environment in this basement is a bit poor. I’m sorry, Amy.”
	Matt didn’t touch Amy’s hand anymore.
	Amy was slightly touched by Matt, perhaps she had really thought too much.
	“Amy, you can have a rest first, I need to go out for a while. The door here will close automatically, it can’t be opened without my handprint. So, don’t worry, and have a good rest here, there will be no one coming to disturb you again.” After Matt finished his words, he helped Amy to stroke her hair.
	“Oh, by the way, the washroom here is a bit far away. I will bring you there once first, so that you can go to the washroom by yourself when I’m not here, because I have no idea about when I will be back.” Matt showed a tender look.
Chapter 435 Substitute
	Matt was away for quite a long time, he prepared Amy some food and drinks and placed them on the bedside.
	Amy felt disappointed and hopeless staying in the darkroom, was this how she would spend the remaining of her life?
	Stay hidden here felt like being imprisoned, not to mention that she couldn't see, escaping here seemed to be a dream that could never come true.
	Amy touched and explored the entire place where she was and found that it was a room without a window in the basement. She walked for a while but didn't know where should she head to. Finally, she chose to go back and stayed by the bed. There was no one to talk to, it was complete silence, dark and cold.
	Kingsley lead a team followed by Jamie and the others and searched the entire suburban of R City but failed to locate Amy.
	“So how? Did they kill Amy? We couldn’t locate her anywhere, have you ask William?” Jamie asked Kingsley.
	“Yes, I did. He said he didn’t know anything. He greeted Amy and offered her a ride but was rejected, so she drove away alone. But Amy’s car is still parked in the car park and her mobile is turned off.” Kingsley had done everything he could and check all information he had.
	“I’ve checked. Amy’s car drove out for a while but appeared at the entrance of the car park out of nowhere. The guard saw that the car blocks the entrance, so he park it inside the car park. This means, it was the guard that parks the car, and no one knows how it appeared at the entrance. We can’t even find out anything from the CCTV recording.” Kevin had a thorough check too, but he couldn’t find out how the car appeared out of nowhere at the car park.
	Another thing that made them worried was Richard, who was still missing until now, it had been days, he was a simpleton, what if something happened to him or someone cheated him? What should they tell Cathy? A lot had happened to the Carter family these days.
	“Oh yeah, there is a conference scheduled this afternoon. I suspect one of them, let’s see if this person will show up, if he didn't, he should be the suspect.” Kingsley told everyone after some thoughts.
	“I suspect the same person too. He mentioned a business trip to another city a few days ago but someone saw him lingering around an abandoned building.” Andy recalled something too.
	“Let’s stop all the search right now and wait until the conference this afternoon.” Kevin could guess who they were talking about, but one shouldn’t conclude too early.
	The afternoon conference was just around the corner. It was a conference that required attendance from all legal personnel from huge corporations in R City. It was also a conference that symbolized one’s status in R City, no one would be absent for no reason.
	Andy, Kingsley, and Kevin arrived at the venue and each took their designated seat which was not far from the other. They looked at one particular seat with a name on it, he hadn't arrived yet.
	Many other people arriving at the venue but one particular seat was still empty. The wait made Andy and the rest nervous.
	The conference had finally begun, the official host was the first one to deliver the speech. As Andy was about to make a call via his mobile, someone came in in a rush and took that particular empty seat they had been monitoring, he even apologized for being late due to a gas problem with his car.
	His present put question marks on everyone. He was here and where did he came from was also questionable. Kingsley immediately instructed his men to check where Matt came from.
	Matt took his seat and glanced at Kingsley and the rest, he even gave them a friendly greeting before focusing on the speech.
	At this moment, Kingsley received a text message from someone along with a short video clip. Matt did come from his office and his car was out of gas on the way and had it tolled to the gas station, that was why he was late.
	Kingsley frowned as he watched the video and read the text, ‘We guess it wrong?’ He thought.
	“Check all the places Matt had been lately and send me an update within ten minutes,” Kingsley instructed his most efficient bodyguard.
	The conference was still going on. Andy and Kevin turned sullen when they received the text and video clip from Kingsley. What was going on? Matt was the biggest suspect and yet he seemed to be innocent.
	Kingsley’s staff texted him that Matt remained at the office lately and had not been elsewhere.
	Even Kevin’s staff couldn’t find anything suspicious about Matt, he went to the other city on a business trip earlier on and even took some pictures there.
	The whole thing became complicated, who would it be if it wasn’t Matt? William was in the office the entire time, everyone could be his witness, so there was no way to know who kidnapped Amy at the moment.
	“I think we should send someone tailing Matt from now on and see if he is involved in this kidnap,” Kevin suggested.
	“Okay, I will make arrangements right away. He has been acting too normal lately and raise suspicions.” Kingsley arranged for someone to follow Matt at once.
	Matt realized he had been tailed when he arrived at his office. He let out a laugh, ‘They are smart enough to suspect me but it’s fine, I have ways to play around with them. You want to find Amy? In your dream!’
	He then clapped his hands and someone came out from his leisure room; someone who looked very similar to Matt, even height, body shape, and gestures.
	“Drive home later, remember to show your face a few times on the way, let people see you,” Matt told that guy.
	“Yes,” he nodded.
	When it was time to get off work, Matt’s substitute went down to the car park and drove Matt's car away, while those who were tailing him followed.
	Matt turned off the car park CCTV monitor screen in the CEO room once he was sure that everyone that was sent to follow him left.
	He changed into leisurewear, put on a cap and mask before walking out of his office.
Chapter 436 Evil Plan
	Matt went out wearing a cap and mask, he arrived at his villa in the suburban area driving a common Passat. He had been away for a few days and wondered how was Amy, he couldn’t hire her a caretaker here, it must have been hard for her.
	“Mr. Wilson, the effect of the drug is fading, should we give her more?” A man in black approached and asked the moment Matt arrived at the door.
	“Will the drug brings any harm to her?” Matt asked.
	“There’s no problem using it once or twice, but prolonged usage will harm Ms. Miller’s eyes, it will make her lose her sight permanently,” the man in black replied.
	“Use it once more then, I can’t let her see anything now. And has Gina found out that you are tailing her deliberately?” Matt asked as he handed over his car key to the man.
	“No, Gina is not a very bright person. On the other hand, Ms. Miller has been touching and exploring the room every day, I think she will escape once she could see.” The man in black explained worriedly.
	“No worries, I will ensure that she will be reluctant to go even after she could see,” Matt said confidently as he walked towards the room. He stopped halfway and turn his body.
	“Listen, spread this news to these people and this to Gina.” Matt made a detailed arrangement before he went into the room at ease.
	The man in black turned into action mode the moment Matt finished.
	“I’m sorry Amy, I shouldn’t be away for so long, you must be sad. But there is nothing I could do, I went out to find you a doctor to cure your eyes.” Matt went into the room with a tray of food and apologized to Amy.
	“When will the doctor be here?” Amy had almost given up on her eyes.
	“The doctor is coming from overseas, it might take a few days. You must be hungry, let’s eat, I’ve brought lots of food, it could last us a period.” Matt put some food in front of Amy.
	Amy had been eating bread and biscuits these days and was really sick of the taste. Now that she smelled the food, she became hungry and swallowed her saliva.
	“Let’s eat together, I’ve prepared for two.” Matt handed a spoon over to Amy while he started to eat. He kept picking up food for Amy too.
	Amy didn’t want to say anything, she was just tasting the food and had never realized that food could taste so delicious.
	“Is it tasty? How’s my cooking skill? Not bad huh?” Matt looked at how delicately Amy tasted the food and asked.
	“It’s yummy, you are a good cook.” Matt showed off his cooking skill when he was pursuing Amy, Amy thought she chose the right person at that time.
	But the reality turned out to be different, luckily she found someone who was a hundred and a thousand times better than Matt.
	“You should eat more then, all food today is prepared according to your liking,” Matt put some food into Amy’s bowl once again.
	Amy finished two bowls of rice to finally feel full. She was about to cry eating only bread these few days.
	“The doctor told me to massage your nerves every day to speed up the treatment and recovery when he arrived,” Matt asked permission from Amy to massage her.
	“Okay, go ahead,” Amy agreed without hesitation.
	Matt put the cutleries, plates, and bowls outside and came in again to massage Amy’s eyes. He turned excited slightly, touching Amy’s smooth and fair skin.
	“Amy, can we be a couple again? I know I’m wrong and I only love you.” Matt confessed to Amy as he kept massaging her eyes.
	“No, there is no way we could go back to the past, it’s already become our history,” Amy said firmly.
	Matt’s massaging hands moved from eyes to Amy’s face. Amy on the other hand pressed Matt onto the bed.
	Matt tried struggling but Amy grabbed his collar. She didn’t intend to but his clothes were torn apart, revealing his chest muscles.
	“Amy, I love you and you are the only one in my heart,” Matt stopped Amy by holding her hands, making her lost her balance and fell onto his chest face down.
	“Matt, I will never be with you again even if you are the only man left in this world. I have a question though,” Amy said.
	“Ask me anything and I will tell you everything,” Amy’s body was on top of Matt’s, from a certain angle, it looked like they were flirting with each other.
	However, Amy didn’t know what positions they were having now.
	“Are you involved in this kidnapping? Are you Gina’s partner?” Amy choked Matt with her hands, threatening him to be honest.
	“No, I’m not involved. Will Gina and I become enemies if I do? She hated me to the core right now.” Matt denied instantly.
	“Amy, let go of me, being angry and emotional is not good for your eyes, you need to take good care to recover fully and I won’t let anything happen to you. I believe Gina will not guard here forever.” Matt behaved this time and didn’t touch Amy anymore.
	Matt was experienced with all sorts of women, someone like Amy was pure, naive, and kind-hearted. She couldn’t accept someone with a vicious mind, so Matt didn’t want her thinking he was a bad person.
	“We’ll see, please go out, I need some rest,” Amy said to Matt, looking sullen.
	“Mr. Wilson, this woman is ungrateful. She should be thankful that you are being kind to her, instead of hoping that you will be sent to jail,” the man in black said as he approached Matt.
	“I did something that hurt her before so she could do anything to me.” Matt glanced at Amy’s door in sorrow.
	Amy was a smart girl, she must have known that he was related to this kidnap. Worse come to worst, Matt intended to rape Amy and made her his forever.
Chapter 437 Return to the Ground
	“Amy, this is the eye drops, you take it first, the doctor will be here in a few days, I’ll go out for a while and come back later to help you to apply it.”
	After Matt passed the bottle to Amy, he left hurriedly.
	Amy touched the thing inside her hand. It was a small paper box. She opened the paper box and there was a bottle inside the box. She thought that it was the eye drops mentioned by Matt.
	Thinking that she could restore her vision, Amy was excited.
	However, after a while, another person came into the room. It was not Matt.
	“Who are you?” Amy asked nervously. The recent changes had made her a badly frightened person.
	“Miss Miller, I’m Mr. Wilson’s nanny. He brought me here to look after you.” The person who came was a middle-aged woman in her forties.
	“Where’s Matt?” Amy continued asking. She was cautious as there was something to do with her eyes.
	“Mr. Wilson, he, he, he seems to be busy with his business!” the nanny stammered.
	Her hesitation made Amy suspicious.
	“Is there anything wrong?” Amy put the eye drops aside and said anxiously. Although she did not have much trust in Matt, she could only rely on him now.
	“There’s nothing. It’s just that Mr. Wilson was attacked when he came back just now. He’s injured. He’s treating his wound now.” After thinking for a while, the nanny told Amy about Matt’s whereabouts.
	Just now, when Amy received the paper box of the eye drops, she realized that there was something sticky on that paper box, ‘Could it be that Matt is really injured and that is his blood?’
	“Miss Miller, let me help you to apply the eye drops, Mr. Wilson said that doctor will arrive in a few days and he asked someone to bring the eye drops here. Before the doctor arrives, you have to use it to control your condition. When the doctor arrives, he will continue the next step,” the nanny said patiently. She even waved her hand in front of Amy’s eyes to make sure if she really could not see anything.
	“Alright then, just help me to apply it and help me to extend my greetings to Matt.” Amy had no choice but to trust the nanny, ‘I can’t do anything, right? My life is controlled by Matt now.’
	The nanny took the eye drops that Amy passed to her. She opened it and helped Amy to apply it carefully. The use of the eye drops was rather peculiar. It needed to be applied three times. It had to let the patient fully absorbed it before applying the next drop.
	Amy’s eyes were sensitive. As soon as they were touched by the nanny, they would blink incessantly. Amy was suffered.
	“Miss Miller, don’t be afraid, I won’t harm you, just relax, you must relax.” the nanny kept comforting Amy, ‘I don’t dare to hurt Amy as it’s known that Matt cares about Amy very much.’
	In the end, Amy had no choice but to lie on the bed. Then, the nanny slowly applied it on her eyes. She finally completed the first drop.
	After the first drop was done, the following two drops were easier to be applied as Amy was not so nervous.
	After the three drops were done, Matt came.
	“nanny, how is it? Is it done?” Matt asked the nanny. He looked at Amy’s eyes. Amy’s eyes were beautiful. They were big and watery, but they were no longer flirtatious.
	“Mr. Wilson, it’s done. Miss Miller’s eyes are very sensitive. I have tried many ways to finally get it done.” the nanny wiped the sweat on her forehead, ‘If it still doesn’t work, Matt will definitely fire me.’
	“Oh, that’s great. It has to be applied twice a day. nanny, you stay here to take care of Amy. Amy, I still have things to do, I need to go out for a while.” Matt said it to Amy. He had been chased by Kingsley and the others recently, so he had no time to do other things.
	Amy had already smelled the smell of blood on Matt’s body. She was touched.
	“Matt, are you injured?” Amy asked.
	“No, no, I’m fine. Amy, just wait for the doctor’s arrival. Don’t worry about me.” Matt looked at the shirt that was stained with blood and that was not his.
	“Okay.” Amy thought that it was because Matt did not want her to worry about him, so she did not ask more questions.
	Matt hurriedly left again, leaving only the nanny to accompany Amy.
	“Miss Miller, Mr. Wilson said that he had cleared the people up there, we can go back to the room. Mr. Wilson has been really busy lately!” the nanny seemed to have said that unintentionally.
	“nanny, so Gina they all had gone?” Amy asked the nanny.
	The nanny seemed to realize that she had said the wrong thing and hastily corrected it, “I don’t know about it, anyway, Mr. Wilson said that I can take you back to the bedroom upstairs. It’s ridiculous to stay in the basement.”
	“So, you didn’t see any other people when you came?” Amy continued questioning.
	“When I came today, there’re no other people up there. Mr. Wilson even brought me to the kitchen to keep all the stuff we brought. Mr. Wilson said that those are all the things you love to eat. He also asked me to take good care of you, so that you’re relaxed and that will be good for your eyes, I don’t know about the rest.” the nanny highly praised Matt.
	“Then, do you know what taste I like?” Amy suddenly asked the nanny.
	“Spicy!” the nanny said Amy’s favourite taste without any hesitation.
	Amy laughed. She always felt like she was in a trap, but there was something different. However, she did not know what it was.
	When she got out of the basement, Amy sniffed the air outside. She had been in the basement for approximately one week. Her world was all dark. She did not know exactly how long it had been.
	However, it should be noon now as she could feel the sun.
	“Miss Miller, the food is ready, why don’t you eat first before taking a rest?” the nanny supported Amy to stand at the doorway of the living room.
	“Okay.” Amy agreed. No matter what time it was, she would not make her stomach suffered. Even if she was going to die soon, she wanted to die with a full stomach.
	After eating slowly, Amy wanted to rest in the bedroom. the nanny supported her to go inside the room and then she continued her works.
	After sitting in the bedroom for a while, Amy felt that there was someone in the room.
	“Who are you?” Amy whispered at the place where the hiding person was at!
Chapter 438 The Tacit Understanding between Husband and Wife
	Amy noticed that there was someone in her bedroom. When she came in, the person was not in a hurry to come out, so he should not be Gina’s man. She whispered and asked who he was.
	However, her door was closed. The man quickly walked towards Amy and hugged her.
	“Amy, I am Richard.” When Richard hugged Amy, it was as if he had gotten a long-lost treasure.
	When Amy heard Richard’s voice, she hugged him excitedly. The couple just held on tightly without speaking.
	“Richard, why are you here?” After a long time, Amy asked Richard.
	He had not yet recovered his intelligence and should not have found his way here. Amy had no hope at all of getting Richard to come to her rescue.
	“I came because when I looked at the man, I felt that something is wrong with him, so I hid under his car and reached here.” There was a strong smell of blood and dust on Richard’s body.
	“Richard, are you injured?” Amy recalled that she smelled the smell of blood on Matt’s body too.
	“Anyway, there’s a bit of blood, I got scraped when I hid under the car, but it’s fine.” Richard looked at Amy strangely, ‘How does she know that I’m injured?’
	The skin on his back was torn and it was bleeding.
	“Knock, knock, knock.” Amy’s door suddenly rang.
	“Miss Miller, are you asleep? Why is there blood at your door?” It was the nanny’s voice, ‘Hadn’t she left? Why does she come back again?’
	“Richard, give me a knife quickly.” Amy urgently urged Richard.
	“Okay.” Richard did not know what Amy was trying to do. He took a fruit knife from the coffee table and handed it to Amy.
	Amy took the knife and fiercely sliced her wrist.
	“Hiss.” She drew a cold breath, and the blood flowed down her fair wrist.
	“Richard, hide quickly, I can’t see anything, you just hide behind the curtain, it shall be safe there.” Amy hurriedly asked him to hide behind the curtain.
	“Miss Miller, Miss Miller, I’m coming in, are you hurt?” After saying that, the nanny pushed the door but found out that it was locked from the inside. So, she tried to look for the key, but Amy opened the door at this time.
	Amy’s face was pale. She looked in the direction where the nanny’s voice came from and said weakly to her, “I hurt myself accidentally just now. Can you please get some medicine for me? Thank you.” Amy covered her wrist.
	The nanny looked at Amy’s tired look, plus her hand was still bleeding, she was frightened and hurriedly went to look for the medical kit.
	“Ah, Miss Miller, why are you so careless? If Mr. Wilson finds out, he will definitely scold me badly. Come, let me bandage it for you.” The nanny helped Amy to apply the medicine and then bandaged it up. The wound was deep. The nanny was scared when she looked at it.
	“Nanny, just put the medical kit here, in case I want to take a shower later, I can apply the medicine myself,” Amy said it to the nanny.
	This villa was strictly guarded. Although Amy’s wound was strange, but the nanny did not expect other people to come inside the house.
	“You take shower first. I’ll help you to apply the medicine again after that.” The nanny did not dare to let Amy apply the medicine herself.
	“No need, I don’t want to rely on others for everything. If I can’t recover my vision, I have to rely on myself for everything.” Amy kept a straight face and the nanny did not know what to say anymore.
	“I’m going to rest for a while. Nanny, you shall rest too.” Amy put the medical kit on her bed and asked the nanny to leave.
	Seeing that Amy was determined, the nanny thought that it would be better to obey her. She then went out and closed the door before she left.
	Amy got up from the bed after hearing the sound of the nanny’s footsteps was getting farther away. She locked the door from the inside and asked Richard to come out.
	“Richard, come, let me help you to apply the medicine. I can smell the strong smell of blood on your body. You must have injured badly.” Amy asked Richard to come to her as she wanted to help him to apply the medicine.
	Richard walked towards Amy obediently. He squatted down in front of Amy, who used her hand to gently touch his back. His back was very sticky. She could feel that Richard was trembling when she touched him.
	“It hurts, right? Bear with it.” Amy took out a bottle of medicine from the medical kit, brought it to her nose and smelled it. It did not seem to be the medicine that helped to stop the bleeding, so she fumbled and found a bottle again. She opened it and smelled it, ‘That’s it.’
	She poured the powder onto her hand and gently applied it on Richard’s back. It hurt when the powder touched Richard’s wound and his tears were about to come out, but he bore with it and did not make any noise.
	After helping Richard to apply the medicine, Amy’s sweat wet her clothes.
	“Richard, go back immediately and tell them I’m here. You can’t save me alone. You have to ask them to come together to save me, okay?” Amy hugged Richard’s head in her arms and whispered into his ear.
	“No, I want to save you out, you are my wife, I am obliged to save you.” Richard looked at Amy, ‘She is suffered now but she is still considerate about me. I followed Kingsley’s men and kept an eye on Matt for many days. It’s very hard for me to find Amy. I won’t leave easily.’
	“Listen, you can’t save me now as you are injured. You better go back immediately and tell mum where I am, ask them to come and save me. Remember that more people have more strength. You’re injured and I’m blind. We can’t escape.” Amy was anxious, ‘I know that Richard loves me but he’s badly injured now. It’s impossible for him to bring me away from Matt’s house.’
	“Alright then, I’ll go back right now and tell them you’re here.” Richard saw that Amy was very serious. He could not think of any better solution for the time being, so he could only go back and get help.
	“I’ll go out through the window, don’t worry, I’ll definitely go back and tell them you’re here and we’ll come together to save you.” Richard looked at Amy affectionately. He walked towards the window and looked down. There was a garden below and no one was there.
	Richard’s long legs straddled the window and he reckoned that it should not be a problem for him to jump down from there.
	Richard then jumped down. However, as soon as he jumped down, he was caught in the act!
Chapter 439 Give In
	Richard jumped off the second floor unprepared and was caught.
	Richard was injured in the first place, and since these people came prepared, they soon subdued Richard.
	When Amy heard something, she groped for the window ledge and shouted down, but there was no reply. She knew something had gone wrong. It turned out that Matt had been well-prepared early.
	The truth was all revealed. All these must have been directed by Matt. Amy suddenly figured out everything.
	Gina was just a cover, the real behind the scenes instigator was Matt Wilson! But now Amy can't do anything to him, she could only wait for an opportunity.
	It was just that since Richard had now fallen into Matt's hands, she had to find a way to save him.
	Not knowing how long had passed, Amy didn't sleep all the time. She heard the knocking sound on the door, and the sound of door opening with a key. She remembered she had locked the door.
	The door opened, and the person came in silently. The comer came to Amy and touched her eyes.
	"Miss Miller, I’m here to apply the eye drops for you." The person who came in was the nursemaid. The nursemaid was Matt's spy, and she had been keeping an eye on her. She must have detected Richard’s blood smell just now, but she pretended that she did not know anything.
	"OK." Amy pretended that nothing had happened too. She moved her face closer to the nursemaid.
	The nursemaid opened the eye drops bottle and smeared the eye drops on Amy’s eyes.
	Amy felt her eyes cool when the eye drops were applied on them. It felt more comfortable and she could tell the eye drop’s efficacy compared to the first time.
	The recovery of her eyes was the most important. Even if she had known something now, she could only endure it.
	"Miss Miller, how are you feeling now?" The nursemaid gently massaged Amy’s eyes again. Her technique was good, which made Amy's eyes felt sore.
	"My eyes feel a little sore," Amy said how she felt.
	"That's good. The doctor would be able to come tomorrow, he says it’s best to have the feeling of soreness. He’ll know what drugs to use tomorrow." Of course, the nursemaid still wanted Amy to recover. This woman was her master’s most favourite woman, and she felt secured flattering her.
	"I get it, thank you," Amy said utmost politely.
	The nursemaid worked harder which made Amy felt that she wanted to massage her eyes until she could see things right away.
	After the massage, the nursemaid brought Amy some food. Amy ate the food straightaway.
	"Miss Miller, Mr. Wilson will come back at a later time, he wants you to rest first," the nursemaid said to Amy when she had done clearing everything up.
	"Matt was at home just now?" Amy asked.
	The nursemaid immediately realized she had said something wrongly. She paused and quickly changed her words.
	"Mr. Wilson is not here. He ordered it when he left."
	"Is that so, then I'll have a rest first. If I’ve fallen asleep, please tell him not to disturb me." Amy slept facing the wall.
	Seeing Amy wanting to rest, the nursemaid couldn't say anything, and she went out to clear things up.
	Amy waited for the nursemaid to leave. She turned over and lay flat again. She opened her eyes which couldn't see anything and closed them again. Although the massage was very comfortable just now, she still couldn't see anything. She wondered how Richard was now. He still hadn’t regained his intelligence, and he must be frightened when he encountered trouble.
	Amy was worried sick about Richard.
	Amy tossed and turned, she wanted to have a look outside, but her eyes couldn't see anything, and she had to give up again.
	"Not yet asleep?" When Amy gave up getting off the bed, Matt's voice was suddenly heard over her head.
	That really startled Amy. It was really not a good thing that she had poor eyes.
	Matt touched Amy's eyes. Amy shuddered, and she subconsciously wanted to remove Matt's hand.
	"Amy, I know you’ve known everything, but I don't care, because I love you, and I want to keep you by my side, forever!" Matt didn't try to conceal his feelings anymore and he grabbed Amy's hand.
	"Let go of me, you let go of me, Matt, you’re shameless!" Amy kicked Matt, but she couldn't see, and her feet kicked nothing.
	"Stop struggling, Amy, Richard is in my hand now, don't you want to save him?" Matt tied Amy's hands with his necktie and grabbed her feet.
	After all, Amy didn't have Matt’s strength. Her feet were seized and tied by something.
	At this time, Amy was a little afraid. She should know what kind of person Matt was. If he really did do something to her, she would be ruined.
	"Matt, what are you trying to do?" Amy asked him.
	"What am I trying to do? I want you. You are the only thing I regret in my life. I’ve given up such a beautiful woman to others. Now I want you back," Matt said and buried his head in Amy's neck, inhaling her fragrance.
	"Matt, it's my honor that you like me, but do you think I’ll obey you for having me like this? You know my character. I'd rather die than fulfill your wish!" Amy had changed her tactics. For someone like Matt, she can't resist too forcefully. He can do anything if he was annoyed.
	When Matt heard such words, he really didn't make any more moves. Matt got up from Amy. He stood in front of Amy and stared at Amy while pondering.
	Amy breathed. Her hands and feet were still tied, but as long as she stayed away from Matt, she felt even the air became fresher.
	"Well, then what do you want me to do?" Matt wanted to win Amy’s heart eagerly, and he actually gave in.
	Amy pointed at her hands and feet with her chin.
	"Let me go first. I can't see or escape anyway, are you so insecure?"
	"Alright, I'll help you untie it. This is my territory. You can’t see, even if you can, you and Richard can't run away either." Matt was still very confident in himself. It was desolate here, and there was not a single person few kilometers away.
Chapter 440 The Doctor Came
	After finished, Matt untied Amy's hands and feet. Amy's hands were a little numb.
	"So, tell me, what do you want me to do until you’re willing to follow me with all your heart?" Matt asked anxiously.
	Amy turned over and sat up. She rubbed her hands and feet, and then slowly opened her mouth.
	"My request is not big, I just want you to let Richard go." Amy had cast her life and death aside, now she only wanted Richard to be safe.
	"Hmm, it's interesting that you are still thinking about him!" Matt certainly wouldn't tell Amy that Richard said the same thing too. Richard claimed that he would do anything as long as he let Amy go.
	"I have only one request. If you promise me this, I’ll follow you. If you don't, I’ll be a dead body!" Amy said with a gloomy look.
	Matt looked at Amy's determined face. He knew Amy's personality. He knew that if she was triggered, she would do anything. What he wanted was a living Amy, what could he do with a dead body? He was not that psychotic yet.
	"OK, I promise you, but we'll have our bridal night tomorrow!" Matt was also someone who didn’t want to suffer loss!
	"But how can I know if you’ve let Richard go?" Amy looked up, although she couldn't see anything.
	"Don't worry about it. The time he leaves is the time we have our bridal night tomorrow. I'll let you watch him leave!" Matt sneered. He certainly wanted to release Richard, but he didn't intend to let him go back, but let him go to another place.
	Having said that, Matt wanted to come close to Amy again, but Amy reminded him, "Matt, didn’t you say that the bridal night is tomorrow? The doctor will come tomorrow. I want to be with you only when I’ve regained my eyesight. As someone blind, I’ll feel inferior. I want to see you!"
	"You’ll see me tomorrow!" Matt simply stayed away from Amy. He was really afraid that he could not help approaching her again.
	Amy heard the door closing. Although she didn't believe that Matt would release Richard, she would be able to see tomorrow, and she would definitely have a way to help Richard escape.
	Amy did not speak for the whole night. The next morning, before Amy got up, the doctor arrived, and the nursemaid knocked on Amy's door.
	"Miss Miller, are you up?"
	"Yes, I’m up, please come in." Amy always slept with her clothes on, so she let the nursemaid in.
	The nursemaid pushed the door open. Looking at Amy who was still lying in bed, she went in with water and breakfast.
	"Miss Miller, please have some breakfast first. The doctor has arrived, he is also having breakfast. When you finish breakfast, I’ll let him come in and have a look at you." The nursemaid helped Amy cleaned her face and hands, and then handed her the water.
	Amy can detect the smell of disinfectant from the nursemaid.
	After breakfast, the nurse brought the doctor in. The doctor walked very lightly. When he took Amy's hand, Amy felt that his hand was a little cold.
	The doctor who was invited from abroad should be a Western doctor, but why was he feeling her pulse?
	After feeling Amy’s pulse, he spoke. What he spoke was French. Of course, the nursemaid couldn't understand it, but Amy can. What he said was Amy's eyes have to undertake treatment immediately.
	The nursemaid was completely baffled. She hurried to find Matt, but Matt had already come in at this time.
	"Mr. Wilson, this lady's eyes need to be treated immediately. She must have eaten something which led to blindness," the doctor asked Matt.
	Matt certainly knew what Amy ate, but he had no clue to cure her and he invited a doctor.
	"How to treat it then? Didn't you say to put on some eye drops first?" Matt asked the doctor anxiously. He didn't want Amy to be blind forever, and this idea was suggested by Gina. ‘That bitch, how could she actually cheat in front of him?’
	"What you told me was she had only taken that medicine, but I’ve found out now that it was not that kind of medicine. There were several drugs that caused her blindness, so it was not enough with just the eye drops and medicine I brought. She should go to the hospital to have a careful examination," the doctor said to Matt.
	Seeing Amy looking at him with eyes widened, Matt felt his mind jumbled up.
	If he sent her to the hospital, she was likely to be found by Kingsley and the gang, but if he didn’t send her there, it will be a lifelong matter to him if Amy went blind.
	"What equipment do you need? I can get it here for you." Matt finally figured out a good way.
	"Well, I need a lot of instruments and equipment. I'll make a list, please get them for me." The doctor took out his pen and wrote a list to Matt. Matt then asked the servants to get those things.
	"How long could she recover with the instruments?" Matt asked the doctor.
	"I have to first check the distance of her pupils to see if there is any damage. If there is no problem with the lady's eyes after a series of tests, she can be treated tomorrow." The doctor was still very confident.
	"That's good. There's no problem with the instruments and equipment. I can go to the hospital to borrow them for you. I'll be back soon. Amy, please bear with it for some time, you’ll be able to see soon." Matt comforted her.
	"I'll go out first then. I'll have a look at the lady when the instruments and equipment arrive." The doctor retreated.
	"Amy, I'm really sorry this time. Your eyes, I’ve listened to Gina and asked you to take a medicine, yet she’s changed the medicine. That's why your eyes have become like this." Matt had a desire to kill Gina at this time.
	"It's okay. I don't want to argue with her," Amy said blandly.
	Amy's words made Matt feel better about her. She was many times better than Gina. It would be enough to have Amy stay by his side for the rest of his life.
	"Amy, I’ll definitely make you see again." Matt went to hold Amy's hand. This time Amy didn’t break free. She wanted to calm Matt down to avoid him hurting Richard.
	Matt kissed Amy's hand, but a man hurried in.
	"Mr. Wilson, listen, something bad has happened." The man came to Matt and whispered to his ears. Amy could not hear them no matter how much she concentrated. She had another bad hunch and her eyelids were throbbing.
Chapter 441 Matt’s Back Garden
	Just when Amy was speaking to Matt, someone ran in hurriedly, and said something to Matt. Matt frowned.
	“You can leave first.” Matt said to the person. After that person left, Matt turned and said to Amy.
	“Amy, you rest for a moment first, I have to go out to settle some matters. Let the nanny know what you would like to eat. You can call her with this.” When he finished speaking, Matt handed a small bell to Amy.
	“Yeah.” Amy mumbled softly. Matt didn’t find fault with her. He turned his back and left quickly.
	However, once Matt left, Amy felt a little anxious inside, but she didn’t understand why.
	Could it be that something had happened to Richard? He’s so silly, there is a high possibility that he had done something wrong. Amy knew his personality well, that was why she was even more worried.
	Amy tossed and turned in bed, unable to fall asleep. After some thought, she rang the bell in her hands.
	“Miss Miller, are you looking for me, do you want to eat anything?” The nanny came into the room very quickly, asking Amy.
	“Nanny, I feel like going down for a walk, I am stuck here every day, I’ll get sick if I continue like this.” Amy said to the nanny.
	“You want to get down for a walk? Alright then, let me help you.” The nanny looked at the dark sky outside, and looked at Amy. Matt had said that Amy can do whatever she wanted, but, at this moment, Gina was at the living hall.
	“Let’s go.” Amy was insistent on heading down for a walk.
	The nanny held Amy and got down from the stairs slowly. Coincidentally, Gina had walked out from the door then. This made the nanny heave a sigh of relief.
	“Miss Miller, please sit on the sofa for a moment, I’ll go and prepare some bird’s nest porridge for you.” The nanny placed Amy on the sofa, and went to the kitchen to prepare the bird’s nest porridge. The doctor had said that Amy had to eat more nutritious food, and Matt had gotten her to buy many things. She had prepared bird’s nest for her today.
	“Alright.” During this period when Amy couldn’t see anything, her ears and her nose had become particularly sharp. People always said God is fair, if he closes a door, he will open another window for you.
	Amy sat on the sofa in the living hall. Firstly, she smelled a strong perfume scent. She frowned, this smell belonged to Gina. This woman liked this kind of attention-seeking fragrance.
	Could it be that Gina had come before, and had sat in the living hall. If that’s the case, why did Matt leave in a hurry?
	“Miss Miller, come drink some bird’s nest porridge. I’ve already cooled it down, don’t think it is hot anymore.” Amy was now Matt’s most precious person, so even the nanny treated her with all her heart.
	Amy took the bird’s nest porridge over, and tasted it. She thought it tasted pretty good. She seldom ate this kind of things, she had only eaten it a few times after getting married to Richard.
	“Nanny, what happened to Matt just now? Why did he suddenly leave in a rush?” Amy pretended to ask casually.
	“About this, I’m not sure too. Master rarely lets me in about anything, he only got me to take good care of you.” The nanny took a look at Amy. Indeed, she didn’t know what happened just now. Both Gina and her housekeeper had come, and it looked like something serious.
	“Oh, I am very worried about him. He said he would keep me company, but… I smelled a lady’s fragrance. Is Matt together with another woman again?” Amy could sense the hesitation in the nanny’s tone, so she quickly brought up Gina.
	When the nanny heard of this, she gave a few awkward coughs. Miss Miller really had a sensitive nose, she even knew when a woman had been here before. However, she didn’t know what else to say now, because Master hadn’t instructed her on this.
	“I knew that he has another woman, hmph, he is lying to me all this while! Bang!” Amy flung the bowl of bird’s nest porridge in her hands onto the ground.
	“Miss Miller, Miss Miller, that’s not the case, you are the only one in Master’s heart. That woman only came to look for Master, it’s really not what you think.” Seeing Amy’s anxiety, the nanny hurriedly explained.
	“Forget it, nanny, you will definitely speak for him, I won’t blame you, it’s all because I have a bad life!” Amy continued sadly.
	The nanny felt tragic hearing this. This girl here was really emotional.
	“Miss Miller, don’t overthink, my Master only likes you and only you. Even though there used to be something going on with this woman, but…” When the nanny reached this part of her sentence, she quickly covered her mouth. Oh dear, was a spell cast on her just now? Why did she blurt out all of Master’s matters.
	“Nanny, stop talking, I want to go out for walk, can I?” Amy’s expression looked as if she was in pain, it made the nanny feel as if she had done something wrong towards her.
	“Alright, alright, let me help you.” The nanny quickly said. She got someone to clear up the broken pieces of the bowl, and she helped Amy out for a walk.
	Now Amy knew that there were more than a few people in this house. There were actually many people here, and Matt had prepared this place for a long time.
	“Nanny, I can’t see anything, can you let me know what are the sceneries over here?” Amy stepped out from the living room door. She could already feel as if there was a very large compound, and that there were many plants.
	“Alright, Miss Miller.” The nanny agreed, she had almost been scared to death by Amy.
	“Miss Miller, this is the front yard of the villa, there’s nothing special here, just a huge banyan tree. It is Master’s favourite. When he bought this house, he had said that the lady he likes, also really likes banyan trees. That was why he bought this house.” The nanny explained that the banyan tree was very huge, and the top was like an umbrella, shading the surroundings.
	Amy laughed coldly inside. He even knew that she liked banyan trees!
	“Moving forward is the back garden, Master has planted many types of plants here!” the nanny helped Amy move along. She felt proud to speak about the back garden! This garden was way larger than the Wilson family’s. It was just that this place was quite secluded, and she didn’t know why Master would buy such a huge mansion here.
	“Oh, I really like plants too, then let’s go and take a look.” There was a reason Amy wanted to go to the back garden. She wanted to know what would have been done to Richard after he had jumped down.
Chapter 442 Treatment
	There were many plants in the back garden, and Amy could smell lots of different types of fragrance.
	“This is a flower imported from America, and this is from Italy. Miss Miller, there is even a big gardenia flower garden over here. Usually people are not allowed in, this is Master’s private territory. Let’s not go in.” When they reached this place, the nanny had been warned before. They can go anywhere, except for the gardenia flower garden.
	Amy laughed coldly in her heart again. In the past, he was able to commit all sorts of immoral acts. Even now, he could still do the same. As they say, people never change.
	“Alright, let’s not go in. Looks like your Master doesn’t just like only me, there is still another secret in his heart.” Amy said this intentionally. After hearing nanny saying that she wasn’t allowed in, she knew that Matt hadn’t told them that it was her who also loved gardenia flowers.
	“Perhaps Master has some intention.” The nanny quickly changed the subject awkwardly.
	Amy only gave a cold laugh, and continued walking forward. She intentionally walked slowly.
	“Miss Miller, this is the place under your window, I’m not sure whether you can smell the fragrance of the flowers at night? These lavender and pink roses are imported from France, they’re especially fragrant.” Without Amy asking the nanny, the nanny had already told her that they had arrived under her window.
	“Oh, is this under my window? I’m saying that I can always smell a very sweet and fragrant smell, so it’s because of these lavender and roses.” Amy pretended to look very surprised.
	She stepped on the ground, luckily it was soil. When Richard jumped down, there shouldn’t be too much of a problem.
	“Nanny, are there many rooms here?” Amy’s heart felt slightly better. But now she wanted to know where Richard was, and whether he had been beaten up by Matt.
	“Many, our villa spans about a thousand over acres. Apart from the most important floor here, there are many other rooms.” The nanny looked at the other rooms surrounding them, these were all occupied by the servants and the guards.
	After both of them finished strolling around the garden, Amy still didn’t manage to hear about where Richard had been locked up. The nanny was very smart, she denied knowledge on many things.
	When they went back to the living hall, Amy got the nanny to make her a bowl of hand-made noodles, she was hungry.
	Of course, the nanny went ahead to prepare the meal. Amy stayed in the living hall and felt around the surroundings. She wanted to look for a phone, but the cunning Matt had already placed the phone at a place where Amy couldn’t think of.
	“Miss Mitchell, you have to cooperate with me for your treatment, then you will be able to see light again.” The doctor had said to Amy. He had thought that Amy wouldn’t understand his French, but his Mandarin was difficult to understand as well.
	“Do you know what I mean?” The doctor asked again anxiously. Amy was already unable to see, if she couldn’t understand what he meant, wouldn’t it be very difficult to communicate?
	“Yes.” Amy spoke gently from her lips.
	Hearing Amy’s words, the sweat on the doctor’s forehead reduced a little. Luckily Amy understood what he was saying.
	Today Matt had prepared all the medical equipment that was required by the doctor, and the doctor started his check-up on Amy.
	He finished his check-up on the pupil distance as well as the eye pressure, and recorded the data.
	Following that, he continued with other detailed checks. Finally, he arrived at a proposal.
	The house was very quiet, it was only left with Amy and the doctor. The others were not in, it was unsure why Matt was not back yet. The nanny had also been required to leave the room by the doctor.
	“Miss Mitchell, we can start with your treatment. Your eyesight has only been affected because of some medicine. It’s not a big deal, I will let you see light again very soon.” The doctor was very confident in restoring Amy’s eyesight.
	Amy nodded her head, and she passed a piece of paper in her hands to the doctor.
	“You want a phone?” The doctor looked at what was scribbled on the paper, and asked Amy.
	“Yes, please lend me your phone. Now that my eyes can be cured, I would like to let my parents know about this.” Amy spoke to the doctor in fluent German.
	The doctor didn’t expect Amy to know how to speak German. His German was not bad, and the both of them started conversing in German.
	“I’m very sorry Miss Mitchell, I cannot help you. After I came in, my phone has already been put away by Mr. Wilson. I don’t have a phone with me anymore.” The doctor spread out his hands. He didn’t expect Matt to treat him like this too.
	“He kept your phone as well?” Amy asked the doctor in German. Matt had really thought of everything, cutting her off from all forms of communication with the world.
	Luckily Amy knew that Matt didn’t understand German, so she continued conversing with the doctor in German. Initially she had only wanted to test waters, but she didn’t expect this doctor to also understand German.
	“Yes, but he would return it to me when I’m going back. Should we start with your treatment now?” The doctor didn’t know the situation between Amy and Matt. He only knew that Matt had offered him a large sum of money to treat this lady’s eyes. This man must really love this lady, it was just that he was a little selfish. This was what he thought of Matt.
	In regards to the fact that Matt had kidnapped herself, Amy didn’t dare to let the doctor know. The doctor was hired by Matt, so he definitely could not be trusted.
	“Alright.” Amy could only nod her head. Since she couldn’t connect with the outside world, then she could only first treat her eyes as the priority. Damn this Gina, she had even put something in her medicine. Thank goodness her eyesight can still be restored.
	The doctor placed the equipment on Amy’s eyes, and started the treatment for her.
	Kingsley, Andy, Kevin and the rest had almost turned the whole of R City inside out, but still couldn’t find Amy. The few of them sat in a bar in dejection.
	“What should we do? We can’t even find Amy now. That Matt looks pretty normal, going to work and getting off work at the usual timing, we don’t have any clue at all!” Andy finished his glass of cocktail.
	“I am also worrying about this. If we say it isn’t him, but the likelihood of it being him is the highest. If it is indeed him, he has been going on and off work as usual, and he also goes back to the Wilson old mansion.” Kingsley also finished up the drink in his hands.
	Kevin was only drinking in dejection, he didn’t know what else to do anymore.
	The three of them stopped talking, and looked at the people dancing around on the dancing floor. They almost felt as if their body was starting to move together.
	“Let’s go, we should go move around for a bit to let loose, if not we will feel horrible.” Kevin pulled the both of them towards the dancing floor.
	However, just at this moment, a person rushed in. With a ‘thump’, he fell in front of them.
Chapter 443 Dare to Mess with Anyone
	When Kingsley and the others were dancing in the bar, someone suddenly rushed towards them and collapsed to the ground beside their feet.
	“Who is this? He’s wearing such raggedy clothes. Is he here to fake an accident and scam us?” said Kevin. He squatted down and turned the man over.
	“Richard?” He shouted at once. The others came over and saw that the man was indeed Richard.
	“Get out of the way, we’re looking for someone.” A group of messily dressed people barged into the bar, and they drove away the people on the dance floor.
	Kingsley was pissed off. This bar belonged to someone with a strong background. These people must have not asked around before barging into this place. How dare they barge into this place to make a scene!
	“What? You’re unhappy about this? Get out of the way, or else when we get into a fight later, be careful that we might hurt you accidentally.” The leader, who was wearing sunglasses, said to Kingsley. These gentry looked nice and gentle-looking. From the first glance, they seemed to be very weak.
	“Hurt us? Oh, I’m so scared! Please cover us then.” Kingsley exaggeratedly said to those people.
	Those sturdy men laughed at his words. They felt that these gentry only know how to spend money. When it came to the critical time, they would still beg for their help to protect them.
	“No problem. As long as you pay us enough ‘protection fee’, we will definitely protect you.” The leader of the group said generously.
	“Hence, just get out of the way. We’re going in to see if there’s the person we’re looking for.” The leader said to the gentry who were stopping him.
	“Who are you looking for? Do you want us to help you find him?” Kevin scoffed. These people really thought that they could protect them.
	“A man, dressed in rags and covered with wounds. This man is a very dangerous person. He killed people, so if you found him, just hand him over to us. We can help you to deal with him.” The man in sunglasses said.
	“Hmm… You guys are quite capable. We can just hand him over to the police. There is no need to bother you guys.” Andy was speechless towards these people.
	Right at this moment, Kingsley helped Richard up and let him leaned on his body.
	“Is this the person you are looking for?” Kingsley pointed at Richard, who was no longer conscious.
	“Yes, yes, yes! That’s him! Let’s take him away.” The man waved his hand at his men, and his men immediately went over to grab Richard.
	“What if we don’t hand him over to you?” Kingsley ordered someone to hold Richard and take him away. He blocked the man with sunglasses by standing in front of him.
	“Then you are looking for death! Guys, come on! Give them some punishment! I’ll go get that man!” The man with sunglasses told his men to deal with Kingsley and the others. Then, he went to grab Richard.
	Those people swarmed over to Kingsley and the others. Kingsley, Kevin and Andy had not exercised their muscles for a long time. Now that someone had come to find trouble, they started to warm themselves up.
	The man wearing sunglasses followed the person who was holding Richard. When he was about to catch up with them, a woman stopped him.
	The woman was wearing all black and her hair was short. The most interesting thing was this woman was very beautiful.
	“Beauty, what are you stopping me for? Could it be that you have a crush on me?” Finnley looked at this person who was not clear about the current situation. ‘How dare he come and mess around in my brother’s territory? He must be tired of living,’ thought Finnley.
	Finnley did not talk nonsense with him. She raised her leg and kicked him. Her movement was fast, accurate and fierce! The man was kicked hard and fell to the ground instantly.
	The man did not expect that he would be kicked to the ground by a woman. He must have been too careless and didn’t notice her attack. He immediately stood up and tried to kick her back, but his combat skills did not help him to get any closer to Finnley. Just before he could react to what was going on, Finnley had already tossed him to the ground once again.
	“Damn it! You made a sneak attack on me when I’m not looking, right? Come again!” The man got up again and once again fought with Finnley, but he still couldn’t gain any advantage this time and he only fell on the ground more miserably.
	How miserable did he fell? Well, he spat out a mouthful of saliva, which actually had one of his teeth in it! That tooth was an incisor tooth!
	“You bitch!” There was air leakage when he spoke, but he was still cursing Finnley.
	Finnley lifted up his chin with one hand and slapped him hard for a few more times! His face swelled up at once.
	The man wanted to call his men to come and help him, but when he looked back… Shouldn’t it be the gentry who were laying on the floor? Now, the ones who were lying on the ground were actually his men.
	“Please learn from this lesson today! How dare you just mess with someone without asking around first? If you continue to be like this, you will get killed without knowing why in the future!” After she finished saying this, Finnley gave him another kick.
	“Ouch! Ouch! What are you people?” Until now, the man only remembered to ask who she was.
	“We are the Carr Group of DL City. This is Young Master Smith, Young Master Baker and the one you are after is Richard Carter, the president of the HD Group! You really have the guts, huh?” Finnley was not afraid to tell him the details of everyone.
	When she finished speaking, she felt like she was standing in a pool of water. When she looked down, she realized that the man was pissing his pants because he was too frightened.
	What kind of job did he accept? He had offended all the important people in R City and DL City!
	“Such a useless guy!” Finnley looked at the man with disgust.
	Right at this moment, Kingsley instructed his bar security team to throw these people out of the bar and clean up the place.
	Richard was badly injured. First of all, the wounds on his back have begun to fill with pus. Plus later his arms were tied, they were strangled till bloody wounds could be seen.
	“He must have found Amy and was tied up by someone. Then, he escaped from them. Now, we can only wait for him to wake up, then we can go to find Amy.” Kingsley looked at Richard, who had wounds all over his body. He did not expect that in the end it was Richard, who had not recovered his intelligence quotient, who went to find Amy.
	“Well, I’ll treat his wounds until he recovers. It’s just that his injuries are very serious, and I don’t know when he will be able to wake up.” When Andy checked Richard’s injuries once again, he also found that his leg had been burned with a branding iron and the wound was still bleeding.
	“God, they are inhuman! How can they do this to Richard?” Finnley looked at Richard’s wounds and felt very heartbroken.
	“No matter what he become, he will only have Amy in his heart. Look at his wounds, I really don’t know how he pulled through it. Andy, Richard is in your hands now!”
Chapter 444 Regain Sight
	When the gauze was removed, Amy’s eyes were still closed, and she didn’t dare to open them because she was afraid of another disappointment.
	“Okay, you can open your eyes slowly.” The doctor put his hand on Amy’s eyes and helped her massage them gently. It was already the fourth day, Amy was feeling excited and scared at the same time.
	“I’m a little afraid.” Amy voiced her heart’s concern.
	“Open up, there should be no problem. Dr. Peter is the best ophthalmologist in France.” Matt was also waiting by her side. He also wanted to see Amy regain her eyesight, because Amy’s eyes were once his favorite part of her face.
	Amy’s eyelashes fluttered as she slowly opened her eyes. Things were still dark in front of her and she could only see some blurred image.
	“No, I still can’t see.” Amy closed her eyes again.
	“Can’t see? It shouldn’t be. Miss Miller, do you feel uncomfortable?” Dr. Peter believed that his skills wasn’t that bad.
	“What I saw was still dark and blurry.” Amy covered her eyes. Would she be blind for the rest of her life?
	“Oh, that’s because we turned off the lights. Your eyes have not seen the light for a long time, so I’m afraid that you can’t stand the stimulation from the lights. You just have to open to adapt to it. The lights also have to go from dark to bright.” As the doctor heard Amy’s words, he let out a sigh of relief.
	Amy put her hand down and opened her eyes again. Then she realized that it was really like what the doctor said. Although it was dark around her, she could still see the outline of everyone’s faces.
	“I can see. Dr. Peter, you’re a bit fat!” Although there were no lights on and the curtains were drawn, but Amy had been staying in the dark for quite some time, so she could see that Dr. Peter, who was standing in front of her, was a plump man.
	“Well, yes! It looks like there should be nothing wrong with your eyes.” Peter heard Amy’s description about himself, that should mean by there was nothing wrong with her eyes.
	“Amy, can you see me?” Matt came over and looked at Amy’s eyes, which were as bright as the stars in the night sky.
	“I can see.” Amy blinked her eyes. How she wished the person she saw right now was Richard.
	“That’s good, Peter. You’ve worked hard.” Hearing Amy’s words, Matt’s heart felt relieved. He had to ask the nanny to pay full attention on Amy’s food. He would not let Gina harm her again because he had put in a lot of effort and money to cure Amy’s eyes this time.
	“It’s nothing. It’s a happy thing for me to bring light back to everyone’s life. Miss Miller’s eyes is okay now, but you should be careful not to let her suffer again. You should treat the woman you love properly.” Peter could see that Matt was very fond of Amy because he had gave in so much for this woman.
	“Alright, I got it. I have booked a flight for you tomorrow. I will give you the consultation fees too.” Matt knew that Peter was a busy man, and it was not easy to invite him too.
	“Okay, that’s good. I’ll give you a list of precautions later, just follow it.” Then, Mr Peter went out of the room. Amy used her eyes to look around the room that she had lived in for so long, letting her eyes slowly adapt to the light.
	“Miss Miller, you’re really lucky. Last time, Miss white also had a problem with her eyes. She went to France by herself and this doctor didn’t even see her.” After the nanny finished, she realized that she had said the wrong thing again.
	“Uh, Miss Miller, I’ll go get you a glass of water. When I come in later, the doctor said that you can on the bedside lamp already.” The nanny said to Amy. She had to go out for a walk. She realized that she kept saying the wrong thing recently. If the young master found out what she had just said, he would definitely skin her alive.
	Amy did not pay much attention on her. She was not interested in knowing the affairs between Matt and Gina.
	She took a walk around the house. She felt that it was better to have her eyes recovered. If not, she would not find that there were invisible cameras in this house. Matt was really a skeptical person!
	No wonder they caught Richard that day. It turned out that they saw him found her from the camera. They were really despicable!
	Before Amy could go and turn in the bedside lamp, the nanny came back again. She was carrying a glass of water in her hand, and also brought some snacks for her.
	“Miss Miller, this is your favorite shrimp dumplings. You should be a little hungry now. You can have these to ease your hunger first.” The nanny was quite good to Amy. She didn’t even treat Gina this nice before. She did this because Matt was not so attached to Gina.
	“Alright. Then you can go turn on the bedside lamp for me.” Amy also wanted to adapt to the light as soon as possible. She would escape when she had the chance.
	“Okay.” The nanny then went to turn on the orange bedside lamp.
	That soft light made Amy’s eyes feel very comfortable.
	While she was eating the shrimp dumplings and drinking water, Amy looked at the room she was staying in, which was very big. It should be a master bedroom. It was just that the decoration in the room was very simple.
	“This room belongs to Matt, right? Since he gave me this room, where does he live?” From the beginning till now, Amy found that she had never noticed where Matt was living.
	“Yes, this room belongs to him. He gave it to you and he lives in the guest room opposite.” The nanny smiled and pointed to the guest room opposite to Amy and said.
	“Oh, he’s really good to me!” Although Amy said so, but she gritted her teeth as she knew that Matt let her lived in the master bedroom because he wanted to monitor her! Hence, she must adapt to the light quickly and run away!
	“That’s right! Miss Miller, you might not know that how much our young master likes you. He even dares to kill people for you!” The nanny didn’t know what was wrong with her recently. She always said the wrong thing.
	“Your young master has killed someone?” Amy asked her.
	“No, no! I was just making an analogy. Just an analogy.” The nanny hurriedly explained.
	But what she just said made Amy very worried. Since Matt dared to kill people, so what did he do to Richard? The more she thought about it, the more scared she became.
	“Nanny, did anyone die in this courtyard?” Amy knew she wouldn’t get the answer she wanted if she asked the nanny directly.
	“No, no one has died in our yard. If someone is dead, then the young master will definitely not buy the land here because people will be living here.” The nanny said with certainty.
	While they were chatting, Matt walked in and took Amy out of the room.
Chapter 445 Richard Carter Woke Up
	Amy was chatting with the nanny when Matt suddenly walked in at this moment. He grabbed Amy’s hand and started walking out.
	“Let me go, Matt. What are you doing?” Amy thought Matt was pulling her to consummate their marriage, so she struggled hard.
	“Come with me. We can’t stay here anymore. We need to move right away,” Matt was very strong. He pulled Amy so hard that she didn’t even have the strength to get away.
	“Nanny, pack the things up and just follow the car at the back. We’ll go first,” Matt pulled Amy and didn’t even look back once. He also didn’t allow Amy to go against him. He just pulled Amy directly into the car.
	“Where are we going?” Amy asked Matt. If Matt needed to move, then that meant Richard had escaped already. By that time, Amy wouldn’t have anything to worry about anymore. If Matt wanted to consummate the marriage with her, then she would die together with him.
	Matt glanced at Amy. He definitely wouldn’t tell her where they are going right now. Amy, who was so smart, definitely knew that Richard had already escaped, but he didn’t have any choice either. Richard could really withstand the beating. He was beaten up so badly already, yet he actually still managed to escape. Matt didn’t even expect this.
	“We’ll get out of here first, but we’ll come back soon,” Matt coldly sneered. His originally handsome face already became gloomy now.
	Richard must die! Amy would only be able to accept him after Richard died.
	That was what Matt thought. He already sent people to chase after Richard again. He really regretted not killing Richard by himself in one go. He originally just thought of torturing him for fun, but he let Richard escape.
	When Amy saw that she wouldn't get any answers from asking him, she went silent. It was best to act according to the circumstances. Although she didn't want to die, she didn't have other choices if nothing else worked.
	Matt drove the car around the mountain, but Amy didn’t know where he was going. She wasn’t familiar with this place either, so she just let Matt drive around. She couldn’t even remember the roads even if she wanted to because this road was too long and bumpy. There were also a lot of diverging paths, so Amy completely gave up.
	Through Andy Baker’s meticulous treatment, the wounds on Richard’s body had already been treated. However, he still had a high fever. They didn’t know what those people did to him that made his strong body become so bad.
	“Andy, when will he wake up?” Kingsley Carr and Kevin Smith couldn’t hold it back anymore. Two days had already passed, but Richard still had not given any sign.
	“I’m not sure about this. He already had such a serious injury in the first place, so it would definitely take more than a week for him to wake up. However, he has a strong will to survive, so I guess it will be around these two days,” Andy gave Richard a check up again on a series of indicators.
	“Then, let’s just wait here to see when Richard would wake up. We can only find Amy after he wakes up and punish the person who kidnapped Amy,” Kevin looked at Richard’s face, but he didn’t look very calm. It was evident that he was also worried about Amy, too.
	“How is Richard, Kevin? Is he awake already?” Finnley Carr and Dexter Butler walked in.
	“Not yet, but it should be soon since he’s still worried about Amy. Dexter, don’t ever tell Mr. and Mrs. Newell Richard’s situation right now. Or else your dad’s health would definitely not be able to withstand it. Finnley, spend more time with Aunt Cameron. Just say that we already have a clue,” Kevin instructed the two young people.
	“Alright, we got this. Is there anything else we can help with?” Dexter and Finnley nodded their heads.
	“Of course, we do. Your mission right now is to spend time with the elderlies of both families. Don’t let them feel too sad. Your task is very important,” Kingsley told Dexter and his own sister.
	“Then we will spend time properly with the elderlies. We can only leave the rest of the things for you to take care of,” Dexter was really grateful to these friends. A problem like this happened at his own home, yet he didn’t do anything as the younger brother of the victim. These friends were the ones who were busy working on it.
	Dexter and Finnley visited Richard for a while, but they were pushed away because it was getting late already. They told them to quickly go back to not make the elderlies worry again.
	At midnight, everyone couldn’t bear it anymore, so they all sat on all sides and fell asleep on the sofa. Richard’s hand moved and his eyelids immediately jittered after.
	Richard’s eyes opened after finally breaking through something like a barrier. His throat hoarsely screamed, “Amy.”
	The three people who had just fallen asleep heard Richard’s voice. All of them hurriedly turned over, stood up, and came to Richard’s side.
	“Richard, are you awake? Are you awake?” The three of them were very excited when they saw Richard open his eyes. Fortunately, nothing bad happened to Richard.
	“Pour him a glass of water first. His lips were all cracked,” As expected, Andy was certainly a doctor. What he said was exactly what Richard wanted. He was indeed really thirsty and hungry. He had been hungry for several days already.
	Richard already drank a cup of water, but his voice was still very hoarse.
	“Go and save Amy. I know where she is,” Richard couldn’t care about anything else even after he drank the water. He just wanted to go and save Amy. His brain was very alert already.
	“Don’t rush. Drink some porridge first. We asked for this porridge early on and put this here. It is still being kept warm. That person definitely changed his direction already when you escaped and he wasn’t able to catch you,” Kevin analyzed and said.
	They all thought for a while, and it did seem like that was the case.
	“But I’m still worried about Amy. Help me up, Kevin,” Richard knew everyone here.
	“Don’t rush. Is Matt that person?” Kevin asked Richard.
	“Yes, it’s him. The one here was his double, so that was a fake one when we saw him,” Richard swallowed a mouthful of saliva. His stomach grumbled too.
	“Drink the porridge first. You’ve been hungry for several days already, and you also can’t eat foods that are too greasy,” Andy filled the bowl with porridge and put it in front of Richard.
	Richard took the porridge over and drank it in a few gulps. He was still worried about Amy. He couldn’t calm down at all.
	“We can also go to the places before and look around. We might find some clues,” Richard stood up. His legs were a bit weak, but he couldn’t let the others find out so he endured it.
	“That’s good, too. Then, let’s go take a look,” Kingsley supported Richard and the three of them went downstairs. Following Richard’s instructions, they went to Matt’s den. 
Chapter 446 The Chase
	When they arrived at Matt Wilson’s den, Matt had already left this place and took everyone away just like what everyone thought.
	They checked the entire house and it was cleaned up pretty well. Richard Carter went into the room Amy Miller lived before to search around, but there were still no clues.
	“Quick, come here and look at this,” Kevin Smith found something at the door, so he called everyone to come take a look.
	Everyone ran and came over. They saw a button at the door, which was torn from a woman's clothes.
	“Is this button a button from Amy's clothes?” Kevin asked Richard, but it had been a long time seen he saw Amy. So he didn't know what she recently wore either.
	“I don't know, too. I've never seen the clothes she wears nowadays,” Richard wasn't sure either.
	Kevin squatted down and looked at the button as he held it on his hand. This must probably be a button from an expensive piece of clothing. The button was very exquisite. However, they didn't know if it was a scheme specially arranged by someone.
	“There are four of us right now, so let's divide it into two groups. One group will go towards the west of the button, while the other group will go toward the east side. Let's contact each other after half an hour,” Kevin was a born scout, so he definitely had a say at this moment.
	“Okay, then let's split up. I'll be in the same team with Andy, while you and Richard will be in a team,” Kingsley also quickly assigned everyone and walked toward the two other roads at the gate of Matt's den.
	“Kevin, let me see that button you were holding a while ago,” Richard told Kevin in the car.
	“Yeah, sure. Look at it,” Kevin passed that button to Richard.
	At this moment, Kevin’s phone rang. Hannah Adams called him. She still didn’t know what happened to Amy and Richard since she was taking care of her child at home. Kevin didn’t tell her a lot of things because he was afraid that she might get worried.
	“Kevin, where are you? I heard a bad news,” Hannah told Kevin from the other side of the phone. Kevin’s instinct knew that Hannah probably learned about this matter.
	“I’m driving the car right now. Can you tell me after I go home? I’m a little busy,” Kevin wanted to stall her.
	“No, this is about Amy. I need to tell you right away. You have to come home immediately,” Hannah also felt that they wouldn’t be able to speak clearly on the phone, so she wanted Kevin to come home immediately.
	“Go ahead and say it. I can’t go home right now,” Kevin had no choice. He could only let Hannah say it.
	“I heard that Amy was kidnapped by someone. Did you not hear about it?” Hannah was feeling very anxious, so she just asked Kevin directly.
	Richard and Kevin looked at each other. The relationship between these two best friends was really good. They even felt a little envious about it.
	“I heard about it. I’m on my way to find Amy right now,” Kevin was very gentle to his own wife.
	“Oh, you know about it already. Then that’s good. Go find her. I’ll call you again a little later,” Once Hannah heard that Kevin was already on his way to find Amy, she hurriedly hung up and didn’t disturb Kevin anymore.
	“Richard, did you discover anything?” Kevin saw that Richard kept on playing with that button, so he asked him.
	“Kevin, give me your phone,” Richard hadn’t used cell phones for a long time already. It had also been a long time since his spy reported his work to him.
	Richard already recovered his IQ now, so he had something to ask his spy.
	After he dialed a number, Richard lowered his voice and asked the other side something. The other person also talked to him for a while, then Richard hung up.
	“The direction we're heading towards is wrong. Kingsley's direction is wrong, too. They went into the mountain,” Richard told Kevin.
	Kevin was shocked when Richard suddenly said where Matt went.
	“How did you know about that?” Kevin subconsciously asked. However, he immediately shut up. He was still thinking that Richard's IQ must not be working anymore, but Richard had already recovered his IQ right now. Then, what he said should be very accurate.
	“I got this. Then, I'll immediately give Kingsley a call and ask them to turn around and head into the mountain!” Kevin gave Kingsley a call after he finished speaking. Then, their car drove towards the mountain.
	As they drove through the mountain roads, they soon realized that it wasn't easy to drive through these mountainous roads. Other mountain roads had only one path, but this road had so many diverging paths. It was really hard to drive through.
	“Richard, where should we go now?” Kevin looked at the four roads in front of him. He didn't know where he should head towards at all.
	“The second road from the left. I'll give Kingsley a call and tell them to call us if he doesn't know where to go,” Richard affirmatively said.
	They went around the mountain road for a long while, then Kevin discovered a very terrifying matter. His car didn't have gas anymore. He just wanted to quickly follow the pathway Richard directed a while ago to find Amy, so he forgot to refuel.
	“Damn it, we don't have gas anymore. Give Kingsley a phone call. This place is in the middle of nowhere. Where can we find a gas station?” Kevin slapped his steering wheel. He was really frustrated.
	Richard didn't have any way either. He didn't think that the car would need to be refueled.
	Soon enough, Kingsley and Andy Baker arrived too. They learned that Kevin's car was out of gas.
	"It's okay. We already notified the tank truck. They'll be here in a while. We're not in a hurry for this anyway. Everyone can take this time to drink some water and discuss what we should do for a while when we arrive later," Kingsley and Andy took a few bottles of mineral water from the car.
	Given the situation now, they didn’t have any other choice. They definitely wouldn’t be able to drive without gas, so everyone could only sit at the roadside and wait for the tank truck to arrive.
	When they were waiting for the truck to arrive, Kevin looked at the tire marks in front again. There must not be a lot of cars coming here. That was why the tire marks from many days ago could still be clearly recognized. He looked and there were really tire marks of a Land Rover car.
	“I think this Land Rover is Matt’s car. The wheels are newer. There are also Audi and BMW tire marks at the back. Those must be the cars he transferred from,” Kevin spoke his opinion.
	Then that meant the pathway Richard directed was correct. They just needed to follow these tire marks and they should be able to find Amy.
	They tank truck came after they waited for around half an hour. Both cars were refueled with gas, then both cars hit the road again.
	They followed the tire marks all the way. However, as they drove, they arrived at another place with diverging paths, and there weren’t any tire marks anymore.
Chapter 447 The Button Appeared Again
	Walking with four people and two cars, they suddenly found out that there was no more tire tracks in front; however, there were four roads ahead, and they didn’t know where to go.
	“Wait a minute. I will go check ahead. Maybe only the tire tracks are gone here, and there could be still tire tracks ahead.” Kevin let everyone to wait for him, as he went to check for trails.
	“There are exactly four roads here. Let’s split up, so that it will be faster.” Richard saw that there were exactly four roads, and each of them could check one road.
	“Okay, then we will all go check them; it will indeed be faster.” The remaining two people also agreed.
	The four people then each went to one road to check which road had the tire tracks they had seen a while ago.
	Richard walked a very long distance on the second road from the left, and he didn’t discover any tire tracks or foot prints. Maybe this wasn’t the right one to walk, but the other roads were?
	He then walked forward again for a while, but he still didn’t find anything. He took out the walkie-talkie from Kingsley’s car to contact the others.
	They all got the same result; the four of them didn’t find any tracks. This Matt Wilson was really careful as he wiped out all his tracks.
	Richard was standing on the road he was checking on. The sun was shining hot on his head. His body had just recovered, and at this time, he was panicking and had trouble breathing. He found a place on the side of the road and sat down. His head full of sweat made him very dizzy.
	“Richard, Richard.” Kevin was calling Richard from the walkie-talkie, but Richard at this moment was weak and tired. He tried to pick up the walkie-talkie to say something to Kevin, but the walkie-talkie seemed to be like playing him, as it bounced away.
	When Richard tried to pick up the walkie-talkie, he entirely fell down to the ground; however, it was when he fell to the ground, he saw a button which was the same as before and was covered in the soil. If he didn’t fall down, he definitely wouldn’t have discovered it.
	“I can’t go on anymore.” Between the walkie-talkie and the button, Richard chose the button and tightly held it on his hand, and then he didn’t know anything afterwards.
	“Not good, Richard can’t do it anymore. We have to find him.” Kevin contacted the other two. The three gathered and went towards the place of Richard.
	Richard was lifted up, and Andy Baker fed the water they brought to Richard. He fiercely drank the water, and then he felt alive again.
	“Richard, Richard, you can’t do this. How about you take a rest, and the three of us continue to search.” Andy took Richard’s pulse and found out that his pulse was beating very fast.
	“There is no need. You guys take a look at this.” Richard opened his palms to show it; it was the same button as the one they had seen by the door. He showed it to everyone.
	“Isn’t this the button a while ago?” Kevin picked up the button from Richard’s hand.
	“No, I found it here. Isn’t it the same with the one we found on the door of Matt’s mansion?” Although Richard was still weak, he was very excited.
	“Really? Then they probably had gone through here! Let’s drive the car here, and continue chasing down this road.” Kevin pointed at the road and said.
	Although Richard’s body was very uncomfortable, he still persisted, as Amy Miller’s safety worried him.
	After running for ten kilometers, they had finally seen again the same tire tracks as before.
	That button was indeed a mark left by Amy for them.
	After running a distance of more than thirty kilometers, they arrived at a small fishing village. It was really small here, and there might only be forty to fifty families on the shore.
	The four of them arrived at a house of a fisherman and asked an old master who was darning fishing nets, if she had seen strangers entering the village.
	The old master only continued to darn the fishing nets and didn’t talk to them. After speaking a few words, they thought that the old woman might be a mute.
	“Forget about it. Let’s go see if there are other people and ask them.” Kingsley looked around, and really didn’t find anyone else. This fishing village was so weird. Maybe they had gone fishing at this time, but there probably should have women and children at home. Now, there was nothing.
	After going around the village, the observant Kevin finally found a home with a person.
	He waved his hand at the three people. There were probably too many of them that had scared that person, so Kevin decided to go by himself.
	The house was very dark inside; there wasn’t a single lamp. Kevin walked into to house. He clearly saw a woman’s figure going in, but suddenly she disappeared.
	After walking around the room, Kevin couldn’t her anywhere. He checked all the places where she could have hidden and didn’t see where that woman had gone.
	At the end, Kevin could only walk out dejectedly. He looked at the three people whose eyes were filled with eagerness, but he could only shake his head.
	“Then let me go check, since I have a better temper.” Kingsley was preparing to go in; they really did see a woman entering this house.
	“I’ll go.” Richard stood up, but his body was shaky.
	“Forget it. It’s better for you to stay here. If you go in, we would be worried on the outside.” Andy looked at Richard’s condition; he still had fever.
	“Then you guys should take notice of the bottom of the box and water tank; look if there’s any secret passage.” Richard also felt that it wouldn’t be good for him to go in, so he could only remind Kingsley.
	Kevin looked impressively at Richard. He didn’t think of secret passages when he went in a while ago.
	“Okay, I understand.” Kingsley nodded. Richard’s reminder made him prepared in mind.
	After helping Richard sat down, Kingsley went into the house alone. This house was made from piles of stone, probably due to typhoon was relatively strong on shores. The houses were very short and sturdy.
	After Kingsley entered, he went directly to the kitchen. There were two large water tanks in the kitchen. He uncovered and looked; they were filled with water.
	He tried to carry it, but he couldn’t. If he couldn’t do it, that woman probably couldn’t also do it, and that meant it was impossible to have a secret passage below the water tank.
	Kingsley put the cover back on the water tank, and he went to check on the other rooms.
	Just when he entered another room, a woman really did get out from the bottom of the water tank.
Chapter 448 Saving Life
	Just when Kingsley left the kitchen, there really was a woman who got out from the bottom of the water tank. She went behind the kitchen’s door, changed her clothes, and then went out through another door.
	The entire process was very fast, so Kingsley definitely didn’t notice at all.
	Kingsley found the bedroom. He went in to check on the bottom of the bed and the closet, and still didn’t find any secret passage. He doubted himself a little bit if he missed anything, ‘Why haven’t I found anything until now?’ When Kevin went out a while ago, he was already disappointed, ‘Maybe I will be disappointed as well?’
	Kingsley was a bit frustrated. He then checked again\ every place of the bedroom, and not to mention, he did discover a secret.
	The things in the room were very old, but there was this strange painting. Although the frame was very old, it was very clean. Kingsley then took down the painting. He then discovered there was a stone slightly bulged than the others behind the painting.
	Kingsley placed the painting on the floor. He used his hand and pushed that stone. A door hidden on the stone wall then opened.
	Kingsley was excited, and then he walked in that passage. It was very dark inside the passage, and he was walking just by feeling it.
	As Kingsley walked, he found out there was a bright light ahead.
	As he walked to place of bright light, Kingsley instead saw that outside the bright light was the sea. This was only a secret passage towards the sea and didn’t really have a substantial meaning!
	Kingsley disappointingly prepared to go back, but a strange noise attracted him.
	There was something struggling in a bush not far away.
	Kingsley walked towards it; he uncovered the bushes and found a child there. The child seemed to have been bitten by a snake and was struggling there.
	Kingsley looked at the pitch-black child and picked him up. Only Andy Baker was the doctor here; the child was bitten by a snake, and he didn’t know if the child would be in any danger. Kingsley instinctively held the child to go find Andy.
	“Ah, ah, let go of me!” The child was around five years old. He was afraid of Kingsley, but also afraid that he might really throw him down.
	“I am going to save you. Don’t move around, or else the snake venom will spread faster in a while, and your life will be in danger.” Kingsley threatened the child. He looked at the color of the child’s leg and seemed a little bit odd, so he ran faster.
	After listening to Kingsley’s words, the child then behaved well. Although he didn’t know what Kingsley meant, his big round eyes looked at Kingsley. His wound successfully attracted Kingsley.
	“Sir, you look good.” The child looked at Kingsley for a while and complimented him.
	“Well, I know that one, but right now you are still in a mood to appreciate my looks, which shows your heart is really big.” Although Kingsley was talking, his footsteps never stopped moving.
	He brought the child to Andy; Andy didn’t need to ask as he knew the child was bitten by a snake at once, and it was a poisonous snake. Luckily, the venom of the snake was not that severe, but if he would not save him, the child would die.
	“What are you guys doing?” The child looked at Andy holding a knife, as he tremblingly spoke.
	“If you want to live, don’t talk; hang on child!” Andy took the knife from the other direction to the child’s leg to not let him be more afraid.
	Kingsley turned the child’s face to the other side, while Andy used the knife and cut off the wound from the child’s leg.
	With a hard squeeze, the black-colored blood flowed out, and the child screamed in pain.
	“What are you doing? You guys won’t even spare a child?” The woman, who came out from the water tank a while ago, rushed in front of the four men; she saw them using a knife against her child.
	A few days ago, someone came here and said some people would come here in a few days. Those people would want to eat human meat and drink human blood, so everyone in the village went into hiding.
	They were hiding well enough, but the child was still caught by them.
	“We are curing your son.” Kingsley gave that woman an eye roll, as she said it as if they were cooking her child to eat.
	“Cure what disease. If you guys want to do something, just do it to me; spare my child.” The woman rushed over and was trying to take the knife from Andy’s hand.
	“If you take the knife away, don’t you want your child to be alive? He was bitten by a snake, and we are discharging his blood for treatment!” At this moment, Kingsley furiously dragged the woman to the side.
	The woman disbelievingly looked at the four men. ‘Are these people really monsters?’ They were all so white and good-looking, even better than the most beautiful girl in the village.
	“What are you looking at? Do you see that there’s black-colored blood flowing from your son’s leg? You, as a mother, how are you taking care of your child? He was bitten by a snake and you don’t want him to be treated!” Kingsley scolded that woman.
	At this moment, the woman saw the three teeth marks on her son’s leg. Those were teeth marks from a poisonous snake, but there shouldn’t be a lot of poisonous snakes recently, and why would it bite her own child?
	The woman then calmed down. She slowly walked over and looked at Andy squeezing out the venomous blood. When he couldn’t squeeze out anymore, he even used his mouth to suck it out.
	“Don’t suck; it’s poisonous.” The woman told Andy; however, after she said it, she regretted. If the poison was not cleaned up, then the child’s life would be in danger.
	“Since I want to save him, I have to finish it; I’m a doctor!” Andy glared at that woman, and he continued to suck the poison out of the child. He took out a bottle and then sprayed it on the child’s wound; the child had already passed out due to pain. Andy bandaged the child’s wound, and then gave him to the woman.
	“The child is already fine. You should be careful next time; don’t let him be hurt. He’s just so young.” Andy told the woman. His handsome face with the blood stains left in the corner of his mouth made him looked very attractive.
	“Have you seen enough? We are still going to find someone; you bring the child back and make him some green bean soup.” Andy already found out that the woman kept on looking at him, so he glared at him again and told her to leave.
	“Then who are you guys looking for? You can tell me and let’s see if I know or not.” The woman spoke slowly this time.
Chapter 449 Sirs, You All Are So Handsome
	The woman looked at them. They had saved her child, so she let go and asked them what kind of person they were looking for. She told them that she could tell them.
	Kingsley said that he wanted to find a woman, a beautiful woman, who came here with some people. They were driving three cars.
	After Kingsley finished, the woman was silent. She stared at the four men in front of her.
	They were very handsome. They should not be murderers or smugglers. Didn't they save her child just now? But those people said that these guys are bad people. She really didn’t know whether she should tell them!
	All four looked at the woman with hopeful eyes. The woman was still hesitating. She didn't know if it would bring any disaster to herself and the people in the village if she told them anything.
	"I know where they are." The child felt comfortable with them. When the child saw his mother hesitating, he told them himself.
	The woman was a little worried when her child said it, but she gathered up her courage.
	"I can tell you where she is, but you can't kill people in our village!"
	"Kill your people? Do you think we are murders? Now it's a legal society. There are not so many dark sides. Killing people will bring us to jail. We don't dare to do it!" Kevin thought that this village was really underdeveloped. They didn't even have the most basic legal knowledge.
	"Really?" The woman was relieved when she heard their words.
	"Of course it is! Not only do we have to go to prison if we kill someone, but we may also have to pay with our lives. We have good lives now, we don't want to pay for anyone with our lives." Kingsley explained to the woman firmly.
	After the woman heard it, she breathed a long sigh. What those people said that day should be deceptive. These people didn’t seem like bad guys to her. They all looked so good. Bad people should look very fierce, Shouldn't they?
	"She is on the island. They have passed there for several days. I don't know whether they are still here or not, because they can go from the other side. If they did go from the other side, they would reach another city already.” The woman pointed to the island far from the village.
	"Madam, can you lend us a boat? We want to take a look at the island." Richard said to the woman.
	The woman was quite helpless at this time, "Our boats have set sail, and many of the boats here have set sail to fish."
	Richard and the other three men looked at the empty sea. There was only one boat floating there.
	"What about that boat? Can we borrow that boat?" Andy pointed to the boat and asked the woman.
	"That boat belongs to Katherine. She usually won’t lend her boat to anyone. You can go and ask her. She is the old lady who is mending the fishing net." The woman also pointed to the old lady they met just now.
	When they heard that the boat belonged to the old lady, everyone had a headache. ‘Is the old man mute or deaf? She doesn't speak anyway.’ They thought.
	"Is Katherine mute?" Kevin asked the woman in a low voice.
	"No, she just rarely speaks after her son died. That boat was the one her son used. Her son was the only person working in the family. When her son died, her daughter-in-law remarried with her child. Now there is only Katherine left. "The woman felt very sad as she talked about it.
	Listening to her words, none of the four wanted to borrow the boat from the old lady.
	"What shall we do now? If we can't go to the island, how can we save people?" Kingsley was also very anxious at this time. They had already reached this point but they couldn't go any further.
	"If you are not in a hurry, you can wait for another three days. My husband will come back in three days, and then we can lend you the boat." When the woman saw that everyone was anxious, she came up with an idea.
	There was really no other way. It would be cruel to go to Katherine to lend her boat, but now there was no boat. The only way was to wait. When the fishermen came back, there would be a boat.
	"Madam, how long does it take to get to the island? When we go there, will people on the island find us?" Kevin was more careful and he thought about more problems they might face.
	"I've only been to the island once, it’s quite far away. It takes nearly half a day for us to reach there by rowing the boat. The island was bought by a rich man and guarded by many people around. If we go, they will find us for sure, and we need a pass to go to the land." The woman looked at the island and thought that these four men really had no hope to reach the land. They wanted to save people. However, they couldn’t even land there.
	After listening to the woman's words, the four men were silent again. Although it was more convenient to have a boat, they would be easily seen.
	"Can we have a rest at your house now? We are hungry too. We want to eat something. We will pay you." Richard suddenly suggested that everyone eat first.
	Although they didn't know what Richard was planning to do, it was true that everyone was feeling hungry.
	"There’s no need for money, you don’t have to pay me. I'm going to cook for you. You saved my child. I should thank you. Wait a while, I'll cook right away." The woman invited them to her home. She asked her child to sit with them and took some food from the rice jar to satisfy their hunger.
	"Sirs, where are you from? Do all the people from your place look so good?" The child distributed the dried fish to them. He kept checking out their faces.
	When they were praised by a child several times, their self-confidence was totally boosted. They also thought that the child looked pleasingly good now.
	"Of course not. There are some that don't look good, it’s just that we all look good." Kingsley introduced himself narcissistically and made the child look at him with admiration.
	"Sirs, you all are so handsome. You look much better than our best-looking village head here." The child evaluated them very seriously.
	"Come here, take this and buy something you like to eat." Kingsley was so elated that he took a wad of money and stuffed it into the child.
	"What is this? I saw that my mother has it, but not so much. " This was the seaside. Only when you sold fish could you have money. Even if you got to sell fish, you wouldn’t receive much money. Therefore, the child had not seen such a large denomination of money at all. He looked through it in his hand and was clueless as to how useful the money was.
	"Silly boy, this is money. With money, you can buy many things you like. Take it and give it to your mother to keep it later. Don't lose it."
	Kingsley explained to the child. The child was still in a daze when he took the money, but he understood that he could buy whatever he liked with the money. There was a mini market not far from here, so he could buy ten lollipops for himself and one for each of his good friends!
Chapter 450 Island, I’m Coming
	The woman cooked up a few dishes in no time. There were pasta, potato salad, fried chicken and mushroom soup. The food tasted good, and the four of them gulped everything down within minutes as they were hungry. After they were done eating, only then did they realize the kid’s longing expression.
	The four of them looked at the dishes, then at each other. Only a tiny bit of soup was left. They were embarrassed by the fact that they were too hungry that they had forgotten that there was a woman and a child who hadn’t eaten yet.
	“Uh, the both of you have not eaten yet, have you? There are some biscuits in our car. I’ll go and grab it for the kid.” Andy was more thorough in doing things. When he came, he brought water, biscuits and bread with him.
	“No, that’s alright. We have eaten.” The woman had prepared the tastiest food that she could afford for them. That was to repay their kindness for saving her child. If it were any other day, they would not be having dishes as such.
	Andy said nothing, but he just went to the car and took some of the food for the child.
	The child looked at the colourful biscuits and the soft bread, then at his mother. He did not dare to take it without her permission.
	“Take it. This is for the kid. It’s tasty.” Richard stuffed those things into the child’s hands. The child looked at his mother again, so she had no choice but to nod. It turned out that these bunch of people weren’t bad people after all.
	“Mom, these uncles gave me a lot of money just now.” The child suddenly remembered that he hadn’t told his mother about the money he got from them.
	As he said, he placed the food in his hands on the table before he went and carried the wad of cash forward.
	The woman was shocked when she saw her child carrying so much money. It was the first time she saw so much money.
	“We can’t take this. You guys saved my child, and it’s only right that I cooked up something to repay all of you.” The woman’s expression became serious. Although she was poor, she wouldn’t just take anyone’s money.
	“Madam, we don’t mean anything ill. Your child is obedient, and I guess he is of age to go to school. This money is for his school fees so he can study and become the support of the family in the future.” Kingsley’s eyes got a little teary. He thought that the woman would be happy when she saw the money.
	He did not expect that she would be angry. He understood that everyone had their ego and self-esteem, so he hurriedly explained that it was for the child’s school fees.
	“We don’t need that too. Kids here only go to school when they turn eight years old. The school is quite a distance away, so they need to stay in the hostels. He’s still too young to leave as he can’t take care of himself yet.” The woman insisted on returning the money to Kingsley.
	Kingsley could only put the money back into his pocket.
	“Madam, we would like to take a rest now, but we’re going out later. We need your help to get us four bigger pieces of wooden boards. We need it tonight.” Richard exerted his thoughts at this time.
	The other three knew Richard’s intentions right away from his request. They were going to swim to Island tonight. They had estimated the distance, and the four of them should be able to swim there within five hours. That would be quite physically demanding, but they could save quite some energy with the wooden boards. With that, they could also bring some food along to replenish their energy along the way.
	“Are you guys going to swim there? If that’s the case, then no, you can’t. No one knows what’s in the sea. My husband swam in there once, and his feet cramped halfway through. It’s dangerous so you absolutely cannot swim there. Wait a while longer. I’ll get my husband to send you guys over.” The woman knew Richard’s intentions too and stopped him immediately.
	No one felt offended by her action, but instead, they were grateful because it actually showed that she cared for them. However, they had no choice but to get there at night as they would not be able to land on Island during the day.
	“Madam, don’t worry about it. We’re all trained swimmers, so you just need to help us find those wooden boards. Plus, we can’t enter Island if your husband sends us there during the day. That’s why we need to go there at night.” Kevin explained to the woman seriously.
	The woman understood that they were right, but she was still worried.
	“Don’t you worry. We’ll be fine. We used to swim in such seas a lot in the past.” Kingsley added, which caused the other three to look at him with an expression that said, ‘Who the hell swam with you before?’
	Although the woman was worried, she could not do anything else. She arranged for them to rest before she went out to find the wooden boards.
	After the group was done resting, they packed their clothes, food and water into plastic bags and carried them on their backs.
	The woman prepared some food for them too, and she insisted that they brought it along with them.
	“Richard, are you sure about this? Why don’t you wait for us here? We’ll definitely bring Amy back to you!” The other three looked at Richard in concern.
	He hadn’t fully recovered yet. The swim could take more than five hours if anything unexpected were to happen along the way. How could Richard bear that?
	“It’s fine. I won’t drag the team down. Should we compete later?” Richard will not stay behind and wait. Amy was his wife, and he will do anything to save her.
	Upon seeing Richard’s determination, the three looked at each other. They would just take care of him more later.
	The four dived into the sea amidst the dark. The woman stared in the direction they left, and only looked away after she could not see them anymore.
	“Mom, the money is back here again.” Her child was holding the wad of money, showing it to his mother again.
	The woman took the money from him and counted. It actually amounted to 2,000 dollars! Her family could not earn so much money even from selling fish for a whole year. ‘They are indeed kind people.’, she thought to herself.
	“Richard, you’re really quick. We’re all going to be left behind at this rate.” Kingsley looked at Richard’s solid swimming skills. They were worried about him just a moment ago, but it turned into admiration for him now.
	“Nah, I might be the one left behind later.” Richard was speaking the truth. He tried to swim a little faster while his body could still take it. His stamina definitely could not be compared to them later.
	‘Amy, I will come and save you. Wait for me.’, Richard said in his heart.
	Amy, who was lying on the chair, suddenly let out a sneeze. She shivered when a wave of cold breeze blew over her.
	“Amy, why don’t you head inside? The wind out here is quite strong. I wouldn’t want you to get sick.” Matt brought over a thin quilt and put it on Amy’s shoulders.
	Amy ignored him. She just stood up and entered the house.
	It had been many days since Matt first brought her here. Amy looked at the sea surrounding them in hopelessness. Under such conditions, she could not escape this place. It was impossible.
Chapter 451 The Couple Reunited
	“Amy, why don’t you eat something?” Matt said as he carried a bowl of bird’s-nest porridge to Amy.
	“I don’t want to eat. Matt, what do you mean by getting me here? Keep me isolated from the whole world? I have my child and my husband. What do you want now?” Amy got angry.
	Matt sat next to Amy and looked out at the sea not far away. This was his last base. At first, he hadn’t thought of bringing Amy here. However, Richard had escaped, so he had no choice. He could only bring Amy here because he didn’t want Richard to find Amy.
	“Amy, no matter what, you’re mine. I won’t let you go. Even if you die, I’ll bury you in my Wilson family cemetery!” Matt said rudely and shoved the bird’s-nest porridge to Amy, who threw it away without even thinking about it.
	The ceramic bowl was shattered on the floor with a crisp sound.
	Amy was stunned when she heard the sound of the bowl shattering on the floor. Matt was also stunned, and his eyes suddenly turned red. Matt walked over and dragged Amy.
	“What are you doing? Let go of me, you let go of me!” Amy struggled violently, but her strength wasn’t as strong as Matt’s. Matt dragged and carried Amy to his bedroom.
	The others in the room saw it and consciously avoided it. Amy was thrown onto the big bed by Matt so hard that made her bones hurt.
	“Amy, there’s no point in struggling. My patience with you is completely exhausted. Now, I’m going to make you my woman in real actions.” After Matt finished his words, he pounced on Amy and began to tear her clothes. Amy didn’t have much clothing on. Now that her clothes were ripped apart, she appeared even weaker. Her flawless skin was exposed in the air.
	“Matt, you brute! I’m married!” Amy didn’t have the strength to struggle and could only scold Matt with her mouth.
	However, Matt had lost his mind at this moment and couldn’t listen to anything. He ripped off Amy’s clothes completely. When he looked at Amy’s beautiful body, he was excited and started to take off his clothes.
	“Knock-knock-knock!” Just at this time, someone knocked on the door. Amy felt that the person knocking on the door was like her savior. However, Matt ignored the knock.
	Matt continued to undress, and then he pressed on Amy’s body. He wanted to give his desperate love to this woman so that she would forget about Richard and have only him in her heart forever.
	“Knock-knock-knock!” The person who knocked on the door seemed to be very persistent as he kept knocking on the door, trying to get Matt to open it.
	“Get lost!” Matt was all ready and didn’t want to bother with anything else.
	“Young master, young master, there’s an urgent matter!” The person at the door was Matt’s butler. He didn’t want to knock at this time either, but the problem was highly urgent, so he didn’t have any other choices.
	Matt heard it was his butler’s voice, and he got off from Amy’s body. He covered Amy with a blanker, and then he put on his clothes.
	“Just wait here. I’ll be back, and it won’t take long.” Matt quickly put on his clothes and went out.
	Amy’s tears rolled down. The situation just now was very dangerous. If the butler hadn’t suddenly come for Matt, she wouldn’t have been able to get out of danger. But she stayed here, she would be in danger at any time. Would she just have to jump into the sea? So that she could protect herself?
	Amy looked at her clothes that had been torn into pieces. She found a shirt in Matt’s closet and put it on. She had to escape, if she didn’t escape, she could only die here.
	She looked at the sky, and it was getting late. Amy jumped out of the window. She wanted to try to get to the beach. If she couldn’t swim across the shore, she would be willing to die like that.
	‘It’s a bit strange today. The rooms should have been guarded, but there’s no one around now.’ Amy got out of there easily. She took advantage of the darkness to escape from the house.
	Although the island was very large, Matt had bought it, and there were his informers everywhere. Especially during the day, those informers were so many that it had already become a part of the landscape.
	Amy hadn’t come out at night before. She went all in and ran through the shadows of the trees and toward the sea. Soon, she arrived at the beach.
	“Richard, I’ll jump into the sea today. If we’re lucky, we still can meet afterward. If not, we’ll have to meet again in another life.” Amy prayed to the dark sky at the beach. After that, she ran towards the sea and was about to jump into the sea.
	Suddenly, a man pulled Amy from behind and quickly dragged her to the shade of the trees. With the protection of the shade, nothing seemed to happen in the darkness.
	“Keep quiet, it’s me!” Amy was about to scream, but her mouth was covered by the man who came and whispered in her ear.
	Upon hearing the man's words, Amy's tears poured down her face. She choked up as the man took her into his arms.
	“Amy, you’ve suffered a lot. It’s all my fault for not protecting you well.” Richard hadn’t expected to meet Amy so easily.
	The four of them had prepared several sets of plans to save Amy. The other three of them had gone to distract Matt so that Amy could come out easily. Since Matt had discovered the three of them, he gathered his men because he wanted to kill them.
	Instead, it gave Amy a chance to escape and an opportunity for the couple to meet again.
	“Richard, you’ve remembered everything?” Amy touched Richard’s face. His face was thin.
	“Yes, I’ve remembered everything. Let’s go.” Richard took Amy to the beach. He had been swimming for five hours and hadn't rested when he reached the shore. When Richard arrived at the beach, he first took out his hidden food and shared it with Amy. They rested for a while.
	“Let’s go first. They already have a way to escape. Amy, wait a minute. I’ll send them a signal to let them know I’ve found you.” After Richard ate something, he sent out a signal which was a green firework.
	After that, Richard pulled Amy along and ran wildly. They reached another place, and Richard found a raft made from vines.
	“Amy, get up there. I’ll push you up.” Richard pushed Amy onto the raft, and then he pushed the raft away from the shore.
	“Richard, come up.” Amy saw that Richard had no intention of getting onto the raft.
	“I’ll walk through the water. This raft isn’t sturdy enough. We made it when we arrived early this morning. It can’t bear the weight of two people. You stay on the raft, and I’ll walk through the water. Richard carried his backpack, held a plank, pushed the raft, and set off toward the opposite shore.
Chapter 452 Rescue
	“Alright, Richard has already found Amy, they should be on the way. We need to stall Matt a bit longer so that they can get away safely.” When Kingsley and the others met up, they already discovered Richard’s signal, so they felt at ease. All the efforts from these past few days were not in vain.
	“That Matt is a cunning bastard; I’m sure he noticed the signal just now. He’ll definitely come up with counter-measures, so we need to distract him. Sorry, but you’ll have to be the one to stall him.” Andy was always at the ready to give Kingsley the hard task.
	Kingsley had a stunned look on his face; what did Andy meant by giving him the short end of the stick? He looked at Andy, and Kevin could tell what Kingsley was thinking. He just looked at Kingsley with a smile.
	Kingsley still couldn’t fathom the situation; he didn’t understand why these two men were smiling at him?
	“What are you two planning? And why are you both smiling at me?” Kingsley felt a chill from the smiles on their faces.
	“We’re here to rescue Amy, so we need a body double, that way, Matt won’t know who’s real and who’s not.” Andy noted that Kingsley still didn’t catch on, and his smile grew wider.
	By this time, Kingsley caught on, and thought that he really needs to check on what kind of friends he associates himself with. Why did he have to be the one to impersonate Amy?
	“Well, why not you two? Why me?” Kingsley crossed his arms across his chest.
	“Of course, you won’t be the only one; I’ll pretend to be Amy too, but you and Andy will need to pretend to be Amy and Richard, and I’ll pretend to be Amy by myself. Anyway, the goal is to distract Matt for the two to get away. Oh, in 2 hours, we need to get away as well. Everything is hidden in your own hiding spots.”
	Kevin discussed the plan, to which Kingsley and Andy both agreed.
	Richard was injured, and Amy was a woman, so they need some time to make their getaway. The mission to stall for two hours would be crucial.
	“Alright, let’s put the plans in motion.” The three separated and went on their way.
	“Sir, we got word on Amy’s location.” As soon as Amy ran, word spread quickly to Matt’s ears, and he was pissed. He ordered that, other than Amy, anyone else that got in the way could be killed!
	Matt rushed to the last known location of Amy’s whereabouts, but as soon as he got there, there was no trace.
	“She shouldn’t be far; we heard lots of footsteps, but we didn’t catch sight of where they went.” Matt’s henchman reported.
	Matt was furious; in this dimly lit place, it wasn’t going to be easy to find someone. Therefore, he ordered for all the searchlights on the island to be turned on.
	This made things more challenging for the trio. With the searchlights on, the entire island lit up like daytime.
	“They know we’ve ran away, what do we do now?” Amy suddenly got nervous when the lights came on.
	“We’ve got no other choice, we just got to keep moving forward. Amy, if I can’t keep up with you later, don’t worry about me, you just keep going forward, I’ll eventually catch up.” Having stayed in the ocean for too long, the wounds on Richard’s body reopened, and his strength was waning; he felt as though he couldn’t row on any longer.
	“Why not let me row for a while?” In the darkness, Amy couldn’t see Richard’s expression, since the searchlights were still quite a distance behind them.
	“No need, the raft is going with the tide right now, so my speed can’t keep up. Amy, don't worry, I’ll be fine, as long as you reach to safety, I’ll be right behind you.” After he was done talking, he used all his might to push the raft, which stretched the gap between them two.
	“Richard, Richard, where are you?” Amy felt a large force push the raft she was on, and by the time she looked back, she couldn’t see Richard anymore.
	“I’m right behind you.” Richard’s voice rang out, which made Amy felt more at ease.
	The raft continued to drift along the tide at a rapid speed. Amy slowly couldn’t see the searchlights behind her; they have reached a safe area for now. But she couldn’t see Richard on the ocean either.
	“Right here, right here.” Amy could hear someone speaking in the distance; could it be Matt’s men have been waiting here in ambush?
	“Hey, lady, over here, we’re here to pick you up.” A woman’s voice echoed out from a nearby fisher’s boat. Amy could see a man and a woman on board.
	The man threw a rope to hook onto Amy’s raft and slowly pulled her in, then they lifted her on board.
	“Lady, you alone?” The woman asked Amy.
	“There were two of us, but I don’t think my husband could swim anymore; can you go look for my husband?” Amy looked at the bulky fisherman and begged him to go save Richard.
	“Sure, no problem; you two head on back, I’ll go find him!” Before he finished speaking, the man jumped onto the raft and began to head out.
	“Ma’am, who are you two?” Amy didn’t recognize this woman; why would she come save her?
	“We’re fishermen on this village, those guys were all in a hurry to rescue you. I told them to wait for my husband and his boat, but they were in too much of a hurry. So I still thought we should come on over and see if we could find you lot.” The woman was the mother of the child whom Kingsley and the others had saved.
	“Thank you, ma’am.” Amy still wore the dress shirt which Matt gave her. It was a long dress shirt, but it was all wet and stuck onto her body.
	“What are you thanking me for, they saved my child, so we’re all family now, no need for thanks. Oh, I’ve got some clothes here, put these on, don't catch a cold now.” The woman went into the cabin and pulled out some clothes for Amy.
	“It’s a bit old, so hope you don’t mind.” The woman looked at Amy and felt a bit embarrassed. She didn’t have many other new clothes, and these were the best she had to offer.
	Amy looked up at the woman with tears in her eyes, “Ma’am what are you saying, you’re too kind. These clothes are very beautiful. Was it a dowry for your marriage?” Amy looked at the clothes in her hand, and from the dim lighting from the oil lamp, she could see it was hand embroidered with various flower patterns. Judging from the colors and design, it must have been used for marriages.
Chapter 453 Captured
	The woman rowed the boat and brought Amy out to sea. Amy changed her clothes and walked out. The clothes fit her well, and she looked gorgeous in it.
	“Lady, you are quite pretty, you look good in everything.” The woman was rowing the boat as she watched Amy walk out. She had a smile on her face. These clothes were indeed what she wore when she got married, and she only wore it that one time. After that, she never had the chance to wear it again. She liked these clothes very much. However, as she had to work and take care of her children, how could she possible wear it while doing so.
	“Madam, thank you.” Amy looked at the clothes she was wearing with satisfaction, she had never worn this style of dress before.
	The woman took Amy back to her home. To be save, the woman took Amy to a very hidden room and brought out some food to for her to eat.
	“Amy, you should eat first. I will go out again to have a look. If you don’t hear my voice, you must not come out!” After the woman finished her sentence, she snapped the door shut and left.
	Amy was also quite hungry. So, she began to eat. Although the dishes and rice prepared was not that delicious, Amy still ate it happily.
	After eating, Amy lay down on the bed. She was still very worried about Richard, the other three people and the couple of were fishermen.
	It might be because she was tired, after worrying about them for a moment, she closed her eyes and fell asleep.
	Richard used the last of his strength to push Amy’s raft out. However, because of his injuries and the condition of his body, he started drowning and sinking down into the ocean.
	Since Richard had already saved Amy from Matt’s hands, he felt very relived. Matt had already given up his conscience. Amy’s live was always threatened when she was with Matt.
	“Amy, you must continue to live on!” In his last moments, he said this sentence to himself in his heart. He was no longer conscious. He just felt that he was rapidly sinking to the bottom of the sea.
	The three people who had been circling around the island for two hours were already unable to continue on. They were all tired and were lying on the ground not wanting to get up.
	“So, it’s you three. You guys really can make a scene. Quickly get up and continue doing so! I don't believe that I can’t make you guys behave well!” Matt looked at the three, they were still able to kick up a fuss even though it was already quite late. If it wasn’t that he had many underlings who were taking turns keeping an eye on them, he would had really been annoyed extremely by these guys.
	“Matt, this island of yours is quite nice. I think it's quite fun here, aren’t you happy that we are here?” Kingsley was lying on the beach with his swimming trucks. However, he still could be annoying through talking.
	“I’m happy, I’m indeed happy that you guys came. Let me take you all to a good place to stay. I will surely treat you guys well!” Matt replied while gritting his teeth.
	“Bring these three people away!” Matt waved his hand and the three of them were dragged away. He still had to go to find Amy. These three people had already delayed his plan for quite some time. He also did not know where Amy was at that time. Were there other people who came to save Amy?
	Matt gave orders to his people to patrol around the island and notify him when there was any movement. He was also up all night and it was almost morning soon. He needed to have some rest.
	Kingsley, Kevin and Andy were thrown into a prison. Half of their bodies were soaked in the dirty water.
	“Shit, Matt, is this how you treat us?” Kingsley shouted as soon as he saw the prison. They all had germaphobia, how could they stay soaked in such dirty water?
	However, his underlings did not talk to him. They immediately kicked the three of them down into the prison. The only sound that could be heard was “splash, splash, splash.” The three of them fell down into the prison.
	“Hey, hey, I want to see Matt. This shameless person. Didn’t he say he wanted to treat us with food and drinks, why are we here?” Matt shouted while facing upwards.
	Those people did not even look at them and left, leaving only the three of them soaking in the water.
	“You still think he was really going to give you food and drink while staying here, you are really too naive.” Kevin said while looking down on Kingsley.
	“Of course, that’s not the case, it's just that I think the water here is too dirty. It's quite disgusting and it stinks!” Kingsley was about to vomit because of the stench.
	“Let’s clam down and take a break. We already caused chaos for a whole night. I do not know whether Amy and Richard had already safely made in to the other side.” Kevin did not really mind being put in this prison.
	“Looking at Matt’s expression, it seemed that he had not found them. So, I think they should have arrived. We should rest for a while and see if we escape.” Andy looked at the prison that held them. After observing for a while, he found a problem. It would not be that easy for them to escape.
	After Amy woke up, she looked around and realize that she had escape from Matt. She was saved by Richard. Didn't Richard said he would be back soon? So, why isn’t he here?
	As Amy got up, she knocked on the door of that room. After a while, someone came and opened the door.
	“Amy, since we came back late yesterday, I decided not to bother you, are you awake?” The woman looked at Amy’s spirited face which made her feel relieved. However, Richard who was still lying outside made her more worried.
	“Well, thank you, Madam.” Amy looked behind the woman but there was no other person.
	“Madam, has my husband come back?” Amy asked the woman.
	“He, he's back, he is just not in a good condition.” The woman thought about it, and knew that there was no need to hide from Amy, so she took Amy to the place where Richard was lying.
	Richard was lying on a bed; his face was pale with traces of being soaked in seawater. Some parts of his body were covered in crinkles.
	The fisherman was feeding him water, but Richard was unable to drink it.
	“Richard, Richard! Sir, what happened to my husband?” Amy shouted his name twice and noticed that Richard did not wake up.
	“His condition is not very good. His wounds are infected, and we don't have the medicine to treat it here. There is also the fact that his body is too exhausted. He needs to be sent to the hospital in town to get treated, but we don't even have a car.” The man looked at Richard’s appearance and was very worried.
	Amy started crying all of a sudden. Richard had not been able to live well even since he got together with herself. This was all because of her.
	Amy wiped off her tears as she suddenly remembered Richard might have drove when he came here.
	“There is a solution, they drove here. I'll drive the car and send him to town. Please help me to carry him to the car and lead the way.”
Chapter 454 The Conflict at the Hospital
	Amy found the key of the car that Richard and the others drove. The fisherman came to the car carrying Richard on his back and put him to the back seat of the car. Amy was driving the car while the fisherman was sitting in the front passenger seat. They were taking Richard towards the county’s hospital.
	“What’s wrong with him? Has he been maltreated?” After checking Richard’s wound and health conditions, the doctor of the county shook his head repeatedly.
	“Doctor, so what could we do now?” Amy asked the doctor cautiously.
	“I will give him an anti-inflammation injection to stop the inflammation from spreading. You have to go to the city because the medical conditions here are very bad and I can’t help him with such a serious illness,” the doctor sighed.
	‘The city? How far was it?’ Amy was very worried.
	“It’s okay. I can give him two injections to control the inflammation, but after you should go immediately to the city. It’s more than twenty kilometres away from here. Take care.” The doctor was also unequivocal. He prescribed the medicine and gave Richard two injections, then he let the fisherman leave carrying Richard on his back.
	“Sir, just tell me how to go there. You must have something to do at home. If you come with me it will take you a lot of time.” Amy felt that she had already made the fisherman lose a lot of time, so she was very embarrassed.
	“It’s all right. You won’t be able to carry him after a while. Let me go. There’s nothing going on at home, just selling fish. My wife already knows it.” The fisherman was also a very warm-hearted person. He fished Richard out of the sea, so he must be held accountable and wouldn’t allow him to have any accident.
	Amy looked gratefully at the fisherman. She didn’t say anything but just drove the car towards the city.
	The mountain path was very rugged and bumpy. The fisherman always hugged Richard in his arms in order to protect him from bumping too much.
	Twenty kilometres away, though not very far, but the road was not easy to travel and it took more than two hours to drive there.
	When they got to the hospital, the fisherman got out of the car carrying Richard on his back and ran upstairs. He was also anxious. Amy was looking for her wallet in the car and when she found it, she also followed out.
	“The patient’s condition is very critical. We need to send him immediately to the emergency room to save him. Where are the patient’s relatives? Go to pay.” The doctor checked and found that his situation was very serious. He let Amy pay and after he arranged immediately the emergency room for Richard.
	The red light of the emergency room was on all the time and Amy and the fisherman were also very anxious.
	“Sir, drink some water.” Amy went to buy two bottles of water and handed one of it to the fisherman.
	“Thank you, thank you.” The fisherman quickly thanked. He was very thirsty and he just had been too nervous to think about drinking. When he saw the water at that time, he opened the bottle and drank it in one breath.
	“Let’s eat something. It seems that we still need to wait for a long time.” Amy also bought some milk and bread and handed it to the fisherman.
	The fisherman got red-faced. He left in a hurry without carrying anything. At that time, Amy bought something for him, which made him feel very embarrassed.
	“I just left in a hurry and I didn’t take any money. When I go back I will return it to you.” The fisherman’s simplicity made Amy’s heart warm.
	After staying with Matt Wilson for such a long time, Amy felt that she had a cold heart, but when she met that couple of fishermans, she realised that there were still a lot of good people in the world.
	“Sir, don’t be so polite. If it weren’t for you today, I wouldn’t have had the strength to carry him until here.” Amy forced the fisherman to take the milk.
	At that moment, the fisherman didn’t act politely anymore and knew that only if he was full, he would be able to help Amy run errands after a while.
	After three loaves of bread and a carton of milk, the fisherman felt his stomach react a little.
	After they finished eating, the lights were still on in the emergency room. The two were waiting outside and were very anxious.
	“I think it should be all right. Your husband is a good person, and good people will be rewarded.” The fisherman didn’t know how to comfort Amy.
	“Hmm, hmm, I hope it will be like that.” ‘Amy definitely knew that Richard was a good person, but does God know it?’
	After more than two hours of waiting, it was getting a little dark, and the lights in the emergency room finally went out.
	Amy and the fisherman immediately stood up and walked to the door of the emergency room.
	“Who are the patient’s relatives?” The door of the emergency room opened and the doctor came out.
	“Me!” Amy hurriedly replied.
	“Oh, the patient just had an operation and he’s still not out of danger. He has to stay in the intensive care unit for twenty-four hours. The relative needs to come here to sign.” The doctor’s expression was very cold and indifferent.
	Amy went to sign, and then Richard was pushed into the intensive-care unit. The relatives could not go in but could only wait outside.
	“So when will the patient wake up?” the fisherman asked the doctor looking at Richard.
	“How could I know? It depends on how lucky he is. We are doctors, not prophets!” The doctor’s attitude was very bad.
	The fisherman was scared and didn’t dare to talk anymore. Amy looked at the doctor and replied, “As patient’s relative, it’s not wrong to ask for information. Don’t you think your attitude is a bit improper?”
	The doctor looked at Amy. She was still wearing that kind of bride’s clothes used in the fishing villages. It was a little old-fashioned, but she looked stylish. ‘It was so strange. Are all the people from the fishing villages so literate like her now?’
	“What kind of person are you? You are being so rude to me. If you are capable, just go away!” The doctor didn’t pay attention to her. After all, he had seen all kinds of people.
	“If we were capable, of course we wouldn’t have come here. Anyway, if you were really capable, you wouldn’t talk like this. I want to talk with your Director.” ‘After all, Amy was no joke. She didn’t let anyone bully her. Otherwise her director of the HD Group, that was for nothing?’
	“Ok, go, just go!” The doctor could count on his good relationship with the Director, so he wasn’t afraid of anything.
	“Sir, just wait here, I’ll go talk with their Director.” Amy was really intentioned to talk with their Director.
	The fisherman was timid, he pulled Amy’s sleeve and told her to forget about that, but Amy didn’t. She could accept someone to bully her, but she couldn’t tolerate someone to bully her fisherman friend.
	“Sir, don’t’ be afraid. I will go and come back soon.” Amy left.
	“Huh, she really treated me like an idiot. Come here, just drag this patient out of here and put him in a normal ward and just let it be.” The doctor also got dumbfounded. He couldn’t believe that a woman from a fishing village could report him.
	“No, don’t do that, don’t move him, he’s already in such a state.” When the fisherman heard that the doctor wanted to move Richard from there, he got anxious.
Chapter 455 Newly Promoted Director
	The doctor called people and had Richard, who had just been rescued, dragged out of the ICU. No matter how much the fisherman pleaded, he stayed awfully tyrannical. In the hospital, although he didn’t have the final saying, but his uncle who was the Director was a man who had the final saying about everything here.
	The fisherman looked at still unresponsive Richard and became very anxious. Seeing that Amy had also gone somewhere he didn’t know, he could only protect Richard closely.
	“What is the matter? What are you doing?” More than twenty minutes had passed and the scene at the door of the ICU was something like this: The fisherman was not letting anyone push Richard out for the life of him, while the doctor absolutely insisted on having his people push him out. Both sides had red angry eyes as if about to fight. If it was not for the fisherman’s strength, Richard would have already been thrown out by the doctor.
	“It’s nothing, Director. It’s just villagers who can’t afford to pay. I will have them thrown out!” The doctor saw that his uncle came and thought that his patron had arrived.
	“You are throwing them out? I will have you fucking thrown out!” The Director walked over after saying this and slapped the doctor a few times across his face.
	“Uncle, why are you hitting me? It is all their fault.” Completely not seeing the meaningful looks that his uncle was throwing him, the doctor stupidly pointed at Amy behind the Director.
	Amy, who was dressed in a fisherman’s bridal dress, stood proudly behind the Director.
	“Miss Miller, Miss Miller, I didn’t manage my subordinates properly, I am sorry. I am so sorry. I will have Mr. Carter transferred to the VIP ward immediately.” The Director kept nodding and bowing to Amy.
	At this moment, the doctor also felt that something was wrong. Watching his insufferably arrogant uncle and the Director of this hospital treat this woman with such respect, he furtively hid to the side.
	“Dean Gibson, I wasn’t planning on coming to you originally. It was your nephew who gave me this opportunity otherwise I wouldn’t have gotten to know you all!” Amy’s words were not without ridicule. If a small hospital under the HD Group was behaving in such manner towards the patients and their families, it was also because it was too far away and she didn’t have time to manage it properly.
	“It is all his fault, all his fault. I will cut him loose right away. Miss Miller, I am really sorry, really sorry. I will be suspended from duty for inspection right away.” Seeing Amy’s resolute attitude, he felt it was most important for him to save his job. This hospital under the HD Group had the highest salary package.
	“Director, you have said what I was on my mind, so I don’t need to repeat it anymore. You can reflect upon yourself for a bit first. Deputy-Director, you will be acting as the Director for now.” Amy pointed at a woman who had been checking Richard’s injury all along.
	The woman was startled. ‘I am just a surgeon, since when did I became the deputy-Director?’
	“Miss Miller, you are mistaken. I am not the deputy-Director. I am just a surgeon here. I was the one who performed the operation just now. I rested for a bit after that. I just came out and found out that this happened, I am truly sorry for it.” The female doctor corrected Amy.
	“Nell Brown, right? I know you. You are the best surgeon in this hospital. Each and every patient who had been treated by you have basically been fine afterwards. I have already heard of your reputation since a long time ago.” Amy had already seen Nell’s name badge.
	Nell’s face was incredulous. ‘When did my fame reached the headquarters?’ Her face turned red all of a sudden.
	Dean Gibson could only follow Amy’s will along the current at this time.
	“Yes, yes. Doctor Nell has always been our role model and an example for us to learn from.”
	“Dean Gibson, you will be suspended and you can reflect on your faults. You can also assist Nell in many tasks. The hospital cannot be like this anymore. This is a place to rescue the people. If a patient has no money, they should also be admitted at first and treated as much as possible. To benefit others also accumulates virtue for oneself!” Amy gave her supreme instructions.
	“Yes, yes, yes.” Dean Gibson nodded hurriedly.
	Richard was also sent to the best ward with a professional nurse to take care of him.
	“Wow, you are so amazing. You won over the Director with just a few words. I was trembling with fright.” After everyone was gone, the fisherman gave Amy a thumbs up and praised her.
	He had just wanted to protect Richard with all his heart and had not paid attention to what Amy had said to the other people. He just knew that after Amy had said something, Richard was sent to such a nice room.
	“Thank you very much, sir. I will have someone take you back in a while and then you can help me find the rest of the three people. I really can’t leave this place right now.” Amy saw that Richard had settled down, but her heart was still concerned for the other three people who had gone together to rescue her. If they hadn’t involved Matt in, she and Richard would have never been able to escape this smoothly.
	“Okay, I can go back myself. I will just take a lift and go back.” The simple fisherman nodded. Not knowing what happened to his wife, he also wanted to go back.
	“No, I will have someone take you.” Amy asked Nell, who sent the hospital driver to take the fisherman back.
	On the third day in the hospital, Richard woke up. Nell performed a series of tests on him and found out that all the indicators were normal.
	Although he had a fever, it was normal during the recovery period.
	“Miss Miller, Mr. Carter is fine now. The critical period has passed.” Nell finally wiped off her sweat. When Richard had come in initially, his condition had been too serious.
	Amy looked at Richard and Richard also looked at Amy. The two had a lot of words but didn’t know how to say them.
	“However, Mr. Carter is still very weak. I have asked someone to cook some soup. Miss Miller, it will not be very convenient for you to cook here and my mother’s cooking is pretty good.” Nell was very grateful to Amy in her heart for her sudden promotion from a surgeon to the deputy Director.
	“Thank you then.” Amy had continuously been with Richard in the hospital. Although she ate a little bit of whatever she could manage for herself, she really didn’t have time to cook for Richard.
	“No need to thank me. I only asked my mother to just conveniently cook a bit more amount of whatever she is making. You don’t have to go out to eat anymore. My mother was out on a trip and just came back yesterday.” Nell said with a smile. When she had told her mother about her becoming the Director, her mother had told her to remember Amy’s kindness.
	“Thank you so much.” Amy was also tired of the hospital’s cafeteria food.
	“Amy, you have suffered much.” Richard felt very uncomfortable when he heard that his wife hadn’t even eaten enough food in the past few days.
	“What did I suffer? You are the one who suffered. You were always so good to me but you have suffered so many injuries for me!” Thinking about what happened to Richard during this period, Amy felt like crying. For her he was ready to throw away his own life.
	If it wasn’t for the fisherman on the road, Richard might not have been alive anymore. If the fisherman was late, Richard would have drowned.
	“Silly girl! Why are you crying?” Richard reached out and wiped Amy’s tears.
	Nell retired from the room quietly. She couldn’t disturb the couple in their sweet world.
Chapter 456 Gathering
	"Amy, are there any news from Kevin and the others?" After caring for his wife, Richard still hadn't forgotten about the friends he had suffered with.
	"Not when we left. You are seriously injured, if we don't come back, the consequences will be very serious. I didn't wait for them but just took you here first." Amy said. There was no phone in the fisherman’s house, so it’s not easy to get in touch with others.
	"But I've asked someone to send the Fisherman back to ask around. We'll leave here as long as you are recovered." Amy said to Richard.
	"They must be in trouble since we haven’t received any news from them. If they are escaping, they will definitely come looking for us. Let's get out of the hospital and leave immediately!" Richard's heart could not let go of his brothers.
	"But you ......" Amy wanted to say something, but when she saw Richard's resolute eyes, she stopped. Richard was such a person that if one treated him well, he would repay ten times even a hundred times.
	"Wait a minute. Drink the chicken soup before you leave." Nell's mother happened to bring meal, and she hurriedly asked Richard to eat it before leaving.
	"That's right, Richard. Auntie has cooked for us today. It's not too late for us to eat before we leave. It will cost only a few more minutes." She couldn't afford to brush off her good intentions as she saw the auntie come with a thermos bucket.
	Richard looked at it and nodded his head in agreement.
	After eating, Amy followed Richard with a pile of needles and medicine in hands. Nell also taught Amy how to give an acupuncture treatment with needles so that she could respond to an emergency. Richard was still receiving infusion.
	After a few hours of bumps and bruises, the two returned to the fishing village in the evening.
	They found only woman and child at the fisherman's house. The fisherman had gone out to inquire about the whereabouts of the three men and had not yet returned.
	"You are still sick. Why you come? You should have stayed a few more days. My husband has been out for three days. I don't know if there is any news." The woman tried to find a comfortable place for Richard to lean in.
	"These are food I brought for the child." Amy gave the woman some of the food she had brought back from the city, and again the woman thanked her profusely.
	"Madam, please help us with these things. I will go out for a while." Amy handed the woman some of the nourishment she had bought, asking her to help make it for Richard. She also had to go out to inquire about the whereabouts of those three people.
	"Don’t move. I'll go, and you should just wait at home for our news." Richard got angry at Amy's words. He pulled the needle out of his hand, thinking that he didn't need infusion.
	"Richard, you're not recovered yet. You're back just to take rest. I'll go." Amy got angry when she saw he had removed the needle.
	"I'm a man. How come that I stay at home and you go out to look for them?" It was the first time that the two of them had argued so heatedly!
	Amy's strength was not as strong as Richard's, although she was doing her best. But still, Richard won, and he walked out with big strides.
	When he was out of Amy's sight, Richard stood to catch his breath. His body was still very weak, but he couldn’t let go of his concern because he still didn't know whether his own brothers are safety or not?
	After Richard left, Amy also followed him. Richard's body was still very weak, so Amy was also worried about him, trailing Richard from afar. When Richard was change clothes on the beach, Amy gave Richard a blow with her palm, knocking him out.
	"Sorry, my husband. You're still badly hurt. I should go. Sister-in-law, please help me move him back house. I'm going out." Amy handed Richard over to the fisherman's woman and then she went to the sea in a boat.
	The fisherman's life was to take a break after a trip to the sea, so the fishing boat was also idle at this time of the year. Amy slowly approached the island with the fishing boat.
	The sea was really beautiful. The turquoise blue water and the turquoise blue sky were linked together, and there were white seagulls flying over the sea.
	Behind such a beautiful landscape hid certain unspeakable darkness.
	Amy thought about calling the police. But if it was published by the policemen, he was afraid that Matt would be infuriated and killed the three people. There was no way, so she could only sneak to the island to save the three individuals. It’s still unknown where the fisherman had gone. If the fisherman was also caught, the tasks would be quite heavy.
	When she was halfway to the island, Amy took off her clothes. For fear of being discovered by the people there, she had to swim from here.
	Just as she took off her clothes and was left with her swimming costume, her boat lurched violently, to the left and right, making it hard for her to stand up on the boat.
	Amy squatted and pulled on the board. The sea was calm, without wind or waves. What was going on? She checked the sea again, but there seemed to be nothing, and she had not heard of any sea monsters here.
	When Amy saw that the boat was stable, she was ready to jump towards the sea again when the boat lurched violently again. She immediately crouched down and looked at some hands pushing her boat.
	"Who? Who are you?" Amy asked in a stern voice.
	"Are you frightened?" At this moment, a man sprang out of the water and he flipped onto the boat in one go, followed by several others.
	"Kingsley? Andy? Kevin? the Fisherman?" Looking at the four persons getting into her boat, Amy didn't even know whether she should laugh or cry.
	"Yeah. It seems that we haven't changed much. Amy still recognize us!" Kingsley said ploddingly as all four of them were so tired that they were lying on boat freely.
	"Great, I'll row the boat back now. Good harvest! Good harvest!" Amy was so happy that she immediately put her clothes on, turned the boat around and set off towards the fishing village.
	"Neither of you know how cruel this girl is. Knowing that I am injured, she still knocked me out with one slap." Seeing his brothers who were fine, Richard began to complain.
	It was already hurting all over his body, and now his neck joined the pain.
	"You deserved it. You have just getting out of the hospital. If you had come to our rescue, and if anything happened to you, we would have been scolded by Amy when we came back. Luckily she knocked you out!" No one helped Richard when he was talking, making Richard very depressed. He gave everyone a cold look and the whole atmosphere came to a standstill.
Chapter 457 Returning to R City
	Richard gave everyone a cold look and everyone fell silent, and no one was speaking then.
	"I feel a bit hungry. Don't you all feel hungry?" Richard suddenly said what he meant and everyone burst into laughter. Richard who was always cold and icy also had such a humorous experience.
	"Oh, I forgot. I'll go and cook for everyone right away." Seeing everyone being back, the fisherman's wife was also happy, and in this happiness she forgot about cooking.
	"I'll go and help you." Amy immediately followed.
	"I'll go and help too." Richard scratched his head, and he too followed Amy out.
	"What a wife slave! What a hopeless future life." Kingsley kept on shaking his head and sighing.
	"You think you're an exception!" Kevin was not happy. What's wrong with being a wife slave? Being a wife slave had its pleasure, and he, Kevin, enjoyed being a wife slave very much!
	As soon as Kingsley realized that he had offended this wife slave again by speaking, he simply stopped speaking, causing Andy to laugh.
	Immediately, Kevin called Hannah and said that he was fine and that everyone was fine and Amy had been saved.
	"Okay, dinner is ready." following Amy's voice, everyone immediately jumped up as they were all hungry after excessive physical exercise.
	There was a big plate of crabs, several kinds of braised fish in brown sauce, shrimps, several vegetarian dishes and a big pot of rice on the dining table.
	Looking at the tempting rice, everyone gulped and Amy filled up all the bowls and distributed the bowls to everyone.
	Soon, a pot of rice was eaten up, and the dishes were almost empty.All that was left was some soup.
	"I'm full. It seems that I have never had such a delicious meal. We'll visit the house of the fisherman's wife for a meal later when we have time." Kingsley was getting close to the fisherman's wife. Having eaten so many delicacies from land and sea, he really liked such a light meal.
	"Okay, come when you are available and I will cook for you." The fisherman's wife was also very easy-going and straightforward.
	The large group of people ate very happily and talked a lot.
	"Well, it's time that we leave. If we don't leave, we'll be discovered by Matt." Andy looked at his watch. They had delayed long enough. If they didn't leave now, they might be hunted down by Matt.
	"Yes, we are leaving. Fisherman, why don't you come with us, go out and take shelter first? Someone must have seen what we did at your house. If someone let know of our words, it will definitely be detrimental to you." Kevin thought more thoughtfully.
	"No, we are all from one ancestor. No one will disclose. You guys just go and take some dry food with you. We are not leaving." The fisherman waved his hand nervously because he couldn't leave this land where he was born and raised.
	"All right then, we'll go first. We won't hold you up, in case anyone asks, just say you've never seen us before." Kevin could only instruct the fisherman's family in this way.
	With unwillingness, the group of five left. The fisherman's family saw them off a long way before they went back home.
	"The local people are really unsophisticated. If it wasn't the Fisherman this time, we would definitely still be locked up in the water prison. Matt is really a beast!" Kingsley cursed fiercely that he would definitely bring someone to raze the island after he returned.
	"You’re back?" When William saw Amy, it was like seeing a ghost. It’s said that this woman would never come back for the rest of her life, isn’t it?
	"Yes, I'm back. William, are you surprised?" looking at William’s look, Amy felt as if she had eaten shit.
	"Amy, I couldn't leave or I would have gone to rescue you. Who actually kidnapped you?" William pretended to be very caring at the moment.
	"I didn't get a clear look at the kidnapper." After Amy finished speaking, she turned around and walked away.
	Looking at Amy's back, William broke out in a sweat. This woman was really something, or she couldn’t have escaped.
	William turned around and took out his phone from the pocket, intending to call someone. When he raised his head, he saw someone in front of him, and he was so scared that he dropped his phone onto the floor when he recognized the person right in front.
	William
	"Richard?" William was stammering. This morning was not his day since he had seen all the persons he did not want to see.
	"William, good morning?" Richard greeted William with a smile, but that smile made William's back skin numb.
	"Good morning, good morning." William's legs were also starting to get weak.
	"My husband! Richard? You're not dead?" Anne pounced over at the moment, but when she saw Richard, she was also taken aback.
	"Thanks to you guys, I'm not dead. I'm still alive and well. Now, I can also take over the HD Group." When Richard finished speaking, he went after his wife.
	William and Anne were frozen and left unanswered. What about the saying that he could be the president or she could be the president's wife? Now both wishes were broken.
	"Honey, how about finding someone to kidnap Amy again?" Anne was jealous of the fact that Amy could be the president's wife.
	"Don't you talk nonsense. We can only do that once. There’s no point in doing it again. Let’s go to my office and give Matt a call. What’s wrong with him? How come he can't even keep a woman!" William was also furious at the moment. Was Matt playing a trick on him? How come a woman run away?
	"Bad news, my master!" Matt had just returned to the island from outside when he heard someone report to himself that there was bad news.
	"What's wrong? Why you guys have so many things all day long?" Matt was very impatient as he looked at his own subordinates.
	The men looked at Matt and didn't even know what to say.
	"Just say it!" Matt was in a terrible mood. Amy had run away from under his nose, and he still had no way to find her. It was really a shame.
	"That is that the three persons in the water prison are missing!" The subordinates could only report honestly.
	"What? All of the three persons are gone?" Matt now felt his head was all over the place. Those three persons were all characters who could make differences. If they ran away from here, his future days would be even more difficult.
	"Yes, when I went to bring them food this morning, I found that they were missing." The subordinates said as he looked at Matt's face.
	He had actually gone to serve the food in the afternoon. He was slacking off when Matt was not there.
	"Have you searched for them?" Matt was about to growl.
	"Yes, but nothing on the island. They probably have already escaped." Looking at Matt who was so angry, the subordinates were so scared that they didn't dare to breathe.
Chapter 458 Taking Medicine
	When Matt burst into anger, he received a phone call from William, telling him that Amy and Richard had returned to R City then.
	There was a loud noise, which sent a shiver down the spines of the bodyguards around him.
	The phone was rolling on the ground, with all the components torn apart.
	Matt didn't expect Amy to run away from this place so solid.
	"Amy, I don't believe that I can't get you!" Matt swore at the broken phone.
	"Ah-choo! Who's talking about me? It must be Matt. He must have found out that we're all gone. He must be pissed off!" Amy sneezed as she sat beside Richard and helped him sort out his documents.
	"Matt has always been a very sophisticated person. He is much more sober-minded than Andrew, but it doesn't matter. In R City, I am not afraid of him, either explicitly or implicitly!" Although Richard was at work now, Amy would still bring him the medicine. Being soaked in seawater made Richard's skin hurt badly, and plus the torment posed by Matt, his body was still relatively weak.
	"I know my husband is the best. Richard, your wife is calling you to take the medicine!" Amy had the medicine ready for Richard to take.
	Richard frowned. What he hated the most was taking medicine, but now he was forced to take the medicine several times a day, which made him very distressed.
	"Eat it, and I will give a candy to you when you finish." Amy looked at Richard, who was even harder to serve than her son, and she could only coax him to take the medicine.
	“Forget it. I won't eat the candy, just give me a kiss.” Richard said while he was approaching Amy.
	Amy then gave him a fierce kiss on the cheek, but before she could even raise her head, she was held down by Richard and held in his arms to deepen that kiss.
	A kiss left both of them panting. Richard had been taking and applying medicine since he returned. Watching his beautiful wife dangling back and forth in front of him, he could not touch her, making his heart scratching like a cat.
	At this moment, Richard put his hand into Amy's clothes and grabbed the softness.
	"Amy, I want you." Richard came up to Amy's ear and said with a heavy breath.
	"Pah!" Amy smacked Richard's hand.
	"No, the doctor said you must take a rest of at least one month. It will be troublesome if the wound got infected." Amy said in a very serious manner.
	Richard hugged Amy tightly and wouldn't let her go. Amy also knew that he had suffered for so long, but for the sake of his health, she still couldn't agree to him.
	“Amy, I haven't touched you for a long time. Look and feel it! It has started to protest, hasn’t it?” Richard took Amy's hand to touch his penis.
	It stood straight. Amy was even a bit soft-hearted, but on second thought, if she was soft-hearted at this time, she would let his wound open up again, which would be hurting him!
	"I'm going out. Finnley was looking for me just now." Amy hurriedly pushed Richard away. She ran away with a red face. If she was by Richard's side, his imagination would definitely run away with him. Amy thought she’d better go to her own office.
	He looked at his little brother that had raised and he could only soothe him, "Forget it! Just calm down. She can't accept you for now!"
	Amy ran out and collided with a man.
	"Amy, are you alright? I was scared to death!" Hannah ran over in a breeze, pulling Amy and just kept checking.
	Her arrival made Amy glanced uneasily at Richard's office. Luckily she had come out at this time. If she had been a little later, they would have been bumped into by Hannah.
	"I'm fine. Don't worry. I'm blessed by the God." Amy pretended to be relaxed.
	Hannah pulled Amy and walked towards the elevator, "Come to my house today anyway. I've prepared a meal you love. The two of us should have a talk." Hannah wiped her tears. She had wanted to talk with Amy for a long time, but Kevin said that the two of them should be together. That’s why she had put it off until today.
	"Okay, let's go." Amy also thought that it would be better for her to leave Richard, otherwise she would keep thinking about that thing.
	Only after she had got on the car, Amy called Richard and told him that she had gone to Hannah's house and asked him to pick her up when he got off work.
	As soon as Richard heard that Amy had left, he felt his heart was taken away from him. He fumed. A document was read for a long time, with his posture maintained until Finnley walked into the room.
	Finnley noticed that Richard was reading the document, so she quietly walked over. But Richard never moved, including his eyes.
	Finnley walked over and waved her hands in front of Richard's eyes before Richard came back to his senses.
	"Finnley? What are you doing?" Richard glared at Finnley. Why didn't she come and ask Amy to stay just now? He should haven been blaming Finnley at the moment.
	"I'm bringing you the contract. There are four contracts to be signed today, Mr. Carter, do you remember?" Finnley pointed to the four contracts she was holding.
	Richard remembered all of a sudden that there were very important contracts to be signed today. His minds were filled with Amy just now and he had forgotten about it.
	"Bring it. I didn't forget. I was just wondering if you had forgotten and hadn't brought it to me for so long." Richard immediately passed the blame on Finnley.
	Finnley spat out her tongue. What was wrong with Richard today? He should have passed the responsibility to her, which not his usual style at all. However, he was the boss, and what he said counted.
	"Have you read it? Is there anything that needs to be modified?" Richard asked Finnley.
	"I...I haven't read it." Finnley stammered. Richard had already fixed the contract before. There was no need for her to read it again.
	"Why didn't you read it? What if there's something wrong in it? You're the president's assistant, and your task is to review every contract.Are you clear? Take and have a look! Tell me if you find anything wrong!" Richard threw the contract to Finnley.
	Finnley was aggrieved. She was following the procedures. Why was it wrong today? But the president had asked her to read it, so she was ready to check it out in her own office.
	"Hey, don't go. Just read it here. I'll sign it when you're done." Richard shouted at Finnley to stop her again.
	Finnley then had to sit at the desk not much further away from Richard and start reviewing the contract.
Chapter 459 Am I Handsome?
	When Finnley had just read a few words of the contract, Richard spoke again.
	"Finnley, am I excellent? Am I handsome or not?"
	Finnley took a look at Richard, "Quite excellent, and quite handsome." Hastily, she confirmed his words.
	When Richard heard this, he took the mirror out of the drawer and looked at himself in the mirror. He was indeed handsome and excellent, but why didn't Amy give it a second glance and left with Hannah?
	"Hey, I think so, but I can't even keep a woman." Richard put down the mirror and sighed.
	Finnley, who was looking at the contract here, almost spurted out a mouthful of blood. The president asked her to stay here reading the contract just to prove that he was handsome, is it ironical?
	"Mr. Carter, you are already the most handsome person. But looking at the handsome face every day will be aesthetically fatiguing." Finnley didn't know what Richard meant, and she didn't notice that Amy had gone away.
	"So you mean I need to change my style? Right! I look the same every day. She will definitely get tired of looking at me. I need to change my style." Richard seemed to have heard a very useful suggestion and he immediately became happy again.
	"Finnley, please bring me the contract. I'll sign it right away so I can go out for a while." Richard asked Finnley to hand him the contract.
	Finnley was confused. Before she finished reading this contract, he had changed his idea. While, he was the president, and he could do anything as long as he was happy.
	Finnley then handed the contract to Richard, who took it, read it roughly before he signed it, and handed it to Finnley. He asked Finnley to leave immediately because he intended to change clothes and went out for a while.
	Finnley quickly disappeared. Richard changed into casual clothes and then called Bellamy. Bellamy was the image designer whose advice was the most reliable.
	Bellamy looked at the man in front of him. He was already perfect, but he also thought about changing his look.
	"Richard, I think you are already perfect. If you want to change your style, I think you should change to a style featuring SMART?" Bellamy teased Richard.
	"SMART? What’s that? Does it looking good?" Richard didn't know what’s SMART, and he was still asking Bellamy very seriously.
	Bellamy showed a set of pictures to Richard, and when he took a look, he was so scared that he dropped the book straight away.
	"What is this? Bellamy, are you fooling me? I'm going to change my style. I do not want to look so weird. Help me and see how I can make your sister-in-law like me more?" Richard looked in the mirror and felt as if he was not perfect looking.
	Bellamy put away his playfulness at this time, and looked at Richard in the mirror. He was completely unable to think of how Richard should change his style.
	His ebony hair was neither too long nor too short, but naturally shaped on the head, with his perfect features and meticulous skin. Even though he was wearing casual clothes, He was handsome as well. He was handsome in suits at usual occasions.
	"Richard, you are already perfect. I really don't know how to change your look. Your hairstyle is very suitable for you. How about you choose one between long hair and being bald ?" Bellamy didn't expect someone so perfect that he didn't even know what to do with the look.
	"Alright. I'll take your word. I'll leaving. I'm going to pick up your sister-in-law." It was only two hours after Amy left the HD Group, but Richard had already started to think about picking her up. And by the way, he gave Kevin the message not to let his wife abduct someone else's wife, and keep a close eye on his own wife!
	"Kevin, why are you here?" When Richard saw Kevin standing alone at the entrance of the garden not far from his house, he stopped his car and asked him.
	As soon as Kevin saw Richard coming, he hurriedly got into Richard’s car.
	"Let’s go. I happened to be unable to drive. Let’s go for a drink!" Kevin got into the car and asked Richard to drive it away.
	"What are you doing? I'm here to pick up my wife. I'm not leaving. You should take a taxi." Richard tried to get Kevin out of the car.
	"Pick up your wife? Hahahaha, don't even think about it. I've already been kicked out. The two of them are going to have a nice chat, dinner and drink at home today. Do you think you can get in and pick your wife up?" Kevin looked at Richard with disdain.
	"Kevin, do you think every man is afraid of his wife as you are? Look at you, man!" Richard taunted Kevin.
	"Fine, fine, Richard. I won't say anything else. If you can take your wife away today, all future drinks out will be on me, how about this?" Kevin was unwilling to admit it.
	Richard gave Kevin a look as he got out of the car and walked towards Kevin's villa.
	Kevin was still looking at his back, but soon Richard turned back.
	"I think we'd better go for a drink and call out Andy and Kingsley. We haven't seen each other for a long time either." Richard made a very reasonable excuse. To be honest, he didn't dare to get in anymore. In case he was coaxed out by Amy, he would be quite humiliated.
	"Let's go!" Kevin deflated his mouth. He knew that Richard didn't dare to go. As married men, both of them were not alone and afraid of their wives.
	"Have you guys thought of how to deal with Matt yet?" After a few bottles of wine, Andy reminded everyone.
	"I do have an idea, but it's just not too mature. Let's all come up with some ideas. Here's what I think." Kingsley was the most resourceful, so he spoke out his idea.
	After everyone heard the idea, they would added their own ideas and embellished it. With so many people, a good plan would definitely be contrived.
	"Come, we will not leaving until we get drunk. Let that bastard Matt see what we are capable of. How dare he hurt our friends!" Richard raised his bottle of wine and drank it after everyone clinked.
	When Richard was drinking, he forgot about picking up Amy until Amy called him. Then he woke up in shock.
	"Oh no, my wife told me to pick her up. I forgot. This is a disaster."
	"You deserve to kneel on the rubbers. It's better for us two to be single." Kingsley and Andy gloated as they clinked their glasses again and drank a bottle of wine.
	"Forget it. We're leaving." Looking at the time, Richard and Kevin hurriedly left the bar.
	"Do you recognize the two? Follow them and run into them while there's no one around!" In the darkness, a man was saying this to the driver of a car.
Chapter 460 Get Himself Killed
	In the darkness, the man was instructing the driver to prepare to hit Richard and Kevin.
	Richard and Kevin had both been drinking and had found a chauffeur. The two men were anxious while in the car, fearing that their wives would get angry.
	A black Hummer followed closely behind their car, looking for an opportunity to take action.
	"Sir, we've been targeted and we don't know what they're up to yet." The chauffeur had spotted the Hummer behind them.
	Richard and Kevin then looked in the rearview mirror and saw that they were indeed being targeted. Quickly, the two men's phones rang. It was Kingsley calling.
	"You two are being followed. But it doesn't matter. I'm behind them. Hahaha, aren't we meant to be?" Kingsley was still cynical.
	"Well, we are quite fated, but we'll have to find a way to get rid of that car. Haven't you guys spotted any others?" Richard was fully awake by this time.
	"Of course we spotted them. Andy didn't feel at ease with you guys and went off on his own to follow Matt. I was behind to free you guys." Kingsley was still teasing by this time, but he told Richard about their plans.
	"Okay, then I know what to do. Mr. Carr, don't follow this car. You just go and meet up with Andy. We'll be able to deal with it here." Richard gave Kingsley his plan, and Kingsley, finding it too interesting, turned around and went to help Andy.
	"I'll drive. We are desperate now and there is nothing else we can do." Richard asked to change places with the chauffeur.
	The chauffeur took one look at Richard and when he was sure that he was telling the truth, he agreed.
	Richard was a very good driver and his car was good. He put his foot down on the accelerator and the car went off with a whoosh.
	The car behind him was still following slowly, looking for a place where there was no one to attack then. But the car in front of him suddenly disappeared, so he hurriedly followed it.
	But how could his car be any better than Richard's? He felt particularly overwhelmed just following along.
	Then he reported to Matt that he was losing them.
	Matt couldn't even think about himself at this point. With two cars pinning him down, he had nowhere to run and he even saw Kingsley's playful face.
	"Hello, Mr. Wilson, it's been a long time. Would you like a drink?" Kingsley opened the window to talk to Matt.
	Matt wasn't in the mood for a conversation at this time. His car had already been hit several times and there were already several dents in the front.
	"I find that your car is as fragile as your person. Just a few bumps and it dents! This is boring." Kingsley looked at Matt's car and was taunting him again.
	"Bang!" Matt's car was hit by Andy again.
	"What the hell are you guys going to do?" Matt got furious.
	"Nothing, huh? We've got nothing to do anyway, so we are just out walking the dog for fun." Kingsley bumped Matt again.
	He hit it a bit hard this time, causing Matt's car to almost veer off the road.
	Matt got desperate and hit Kingsley's car hard too. But Kingsley was a little slow. As Matt crashed into him, he slammed on his brakes, so Kingsley's car staggered into Matt's car. As a result, Matt's car flew straight off the viaduct.
	Kingsley and Andy pulled over to the side of the road. They looked down from the viaduct and found that it was quite high!
	"I wonder what's going to happen to him. We haven't even started our plan yet. This guy is so short-lived! It's really not fun. Come on, let's change the bar and continue drinking." Kingsley looked over and noticed that there were no cameras along this stretch of road, so he suggested it to Andy.
	"It's indeed boring. We may as well go for a drink." Andy agreed, and so the two drove off again.
	"Oh my God, look what that car has fallen into? There are more and more people racing on the viaduct at night now. By virtue of his good car, he's lawless." The family was watching TV and Cathy happened to catch the news of the crash. All she could see was a pile of scrap metal and a lot of the footage was mosaic.
	"It was pretty scary. A fall from a viaduct and that man would be meatloaf. What else is there to be saved?" Amy sipped her milk, ate her fruit, and watched the news.
	Only Richard didn't say anything and calmly took a sip of his tea. He thought the tea smelled particularly good today.
	"Richard, did you see the news? It seemed to be about someone racing a car and flipping it over the guardrail. You can't drive too fast or drive in anger from now on!" Amy couldn't help but remind Richard as she watched the horrific images.
	"Yes, I know. I know. You guys just relax." Richard said happily and joined them in eating the fruit.
	Cathy and Amy froze. Richard rarely ate fruit with them. But he was all smiles today, like he was in a good mood.
	"What, Matt? Matt fell off the viaduct? He's still in resuscitation?" Gina's jaw dropped in shock when she heard the news.
	Matt was the man she had always loved. If this man died, what was the point of her living?
	"Yeah, he fell from so high and didn't seem to die on the spot ..." Before the man could finish his words, Gina slapped him across the face.
	"Shut up!" Gina glared at him fiercely. She couldn't let anyone else curse her man.
	The man said nothing more, and Gina stormed out of the room like a madman. She was going to the hospital to see Matt.
	"Doctor, how's it going? How's it going? Why isn't he out yet?" At the door of the operating room, Gina kept asking the doctor, who was getting fed up with her questions.
	"He'll definitely come out when he's supposed to. Right now he can't come out." He had been in his office, but this woman had pulled him out.
	"But this is a hospital. Isn't a hospital a place to rescue the dying? You're supposed to bring him back to life!" Gina spoke unreasonably.
	"That's not necessarily true. Don't a lot of people still die every year? We're just doing our best to save him, and it's up to him to live or not." The doctor's mouth was dry, but Gina still wouldn't let him go.
	"If he dies, I'll let you all bury with him!" Gina tugged tightly at the doctor's sleeve and just wouldn't let him go.
	After ten hours, the lights in the operating room finally went out.
	Gina rushed to the door of the operating room, waiting for the nurses to wheel Matt out alive.
Chapter 461 Matt's Death
	Gina rushed to the door of the resuscitation room. She was hopeful that Matt would be okay, but she was wrong. He had fallen from such a high place that he was lucky not to die on the spot.
	"Matt, Matt, Matt!" Looking at Matt, whose face was covered with a white cloth, Gina got on top of him and lifted it off.
	Matt's face had gone pale and his body was slowly turning cold. His body was in tatters, except for his face, which was not completely damaged. The doctor had only stitched up his broken parts.
	"Matt!" Gina howled as soon as she realized that Matt was completely dead. This man was the man she loved the most and the man she had stolen from Amy. Yet this man had never loved her properly.
	"You are doctors, but what have you done? Why can't you even resuscitate a patient? Are you doing this on purpose?" Gina was clutching each doctor's shirt and shaking them like a madman by this time.
	The doctors couldn't say anything. It was normal for family members to be sad when a patient died.
	"Pah!" With a loud bang, Gina slapped one of the doctors and grabbed him desperately to make him pay for Matt’s death.
	It took a lot of effort for the bunch of doctors to hastily pull Gina away. That doctor was young and had only just graduated. He was so frightened that even his face went pale.
	"Madam, he is dead. I am so sorry for your loss." A doctor who looked like he was in charge came up to Gina and said.
	As she watched the doctor trying to drag Matt away, Gina held the trolley tightly in place.
	"We've already notified the family and they're on their way." The doctor who was in charge had someone get Gina out of the way and then pushed Matt onto the cart and pulled him off to the funeral home.
	"Hey, if he wasn't so narrow-minded, he might have been able to live a prosperous life for a while after getting that much inheritance. As a result, he's not even alive now." Kingsley was lying on the sofa and cupping a bottle of wine.
	When they heard the news of Matt's death, no one took pity on him and no one felt particularly happy, though.
	"As the saying goes, good and evil must at last have their reward. He's done a lot of bad things in his life too, so he didn't even have the life to enjoy that huge inheritance, leaving Andrew to take the advantage!" Andy put his feet up on the coffee table. It was a real nuisance when people were tall and had long legs.
	"Still, I think it's probably a good thing he's dead, otherwise we'd be pretty tired of having to defend ourselves against him all day long." Kevin took a big sip of his drink and his opinion was quickly shared by everyone. It did come as a relief to everyone that Matt was dead, otherwise they would have had a real problem dealing with him.
	Only Richard didn't say anything. He had drunk a lot of wine, looking extremely silent.
	"Richard, why haven't you said anything today? Is there something on your mind?" Everyone noticed Richard's silence.
	"It's nothing. I just think that people's lives are really short. You'll have wasted a lot of good times if you don't get married. I'll ask Amy to keep an eye out for you. If the right woman shows up, you guys should get married!" Richard spoke his mind, causing both Kingsley and Andy to freeze. Weren't they talking about Matt, and why did he suddenly mention them?
	"Kevin, do you think I'm right? Later on, our kids are all grown up. If they're not married yet, then won't they have to call each other brothers. Then wouldn't the seniority be messed up?" Richard turned his face to Kevin.
	"Yes, yes, that's so true. I'll tell Hannah to keep an eye out too!" Kevin immediately chimed in, although he didn't know why Richard was so keen to get them married.
	"That, can I think about my marriage on my own? Richard, don't worry much about it. I am definitely not going to call your son my brother." As soon as he heard the two men's words, Kingsley felt that there was absolutely no way to continue this conversation.
	"Me too. My mother will worry about me. You just don't worry about it." Andy pulled his legs back in fear.
	A smile of triumph spread across Richard's face as he watched the two men being startled by his words.
	With Matt dead, there were still these two men who were eyeing up his wife. Richard always felt uncomfortable if he didn't introduce them to a girlfriend. Although he was quite good too, something like Matt's happened once was enough, and there was no need for a second time.
	"Amy, I'm back." Hilary had returned from her trip. Dragging her own bags, she saw Amy as soon as she walked through the door and said hello to her.
	Amy just looked at her and didn't answer, but Hilary wasn't embarrassed. She put her things in her room, took a shower, and came downstairs to sit next to Amy.
	"Amy, aren't you even happy that I'm back?" Hilary took Amy's hand.
	But Amy pulled her hand back, "I'm happy. But what is the use?" Thinking about how Hilary had treated her in front of people, Amy really couldn't be nice to her.
	"Of course it's useful. After I come back this time, I'm not going to leave. I'm going to go into HD Group and work hard. I was so tired from my previous job." Seeing the fruit in front of Amy, Hilary just took one and ate it.
	"Hilary, you're back?" Cathy came in from the garden and was quite happy to see her daughter.
	"Mum, how do you take care of your face? Why do you look so beautiful all the time?" Cathy was still holding a large bouquet of flowers in her hand. And when Hilary saw her, she pounced happily and hugged her.
	"You're just coaxing me! I'm all worked up about you guys." With that, Cathy smacked Hilary on the head, but she was still smiling happily. It was the greatest comfort to her that her children were all well.
	The two of them had an endless conversation, and Amy sat by without interrupting. She had not forgiven Hilary for what she had done.
	"Brother, you're back?" Hilary greeted him as Richard pushed open the door.
	"Oh, Hilary, you're back. It's been a hard trip. Come on, tell me what you want, I'll give you everything!" Richard was very happy to see his sister back. He took Hilary's hand and sat down next to Amy.
	"Brother, I don't want anything. I just want Amy to talk to me." Hilary said to Richard, then pointed at Amy, who hadn't been paying any attention to her.
Chapter 462 William’s Reconciliation
	Hilary’s request made Amy feel a little awkward. After all, she was Richard’s sister. However, if she forgave her simply because of this reason, she felt a little unsatisfied.
	“Hahaha, if it’s just this request, alright then, I can completely satisfy you.” Seeing that his sister only had this request, Richard laughed out loud.
	“Amy, you shouldn’t be angry at Hilary.” Richard said, while tugging at Amy’s hand.
	Amy took a look at him. This Richard, he had usually been able to differentiate between right and wrong. What was wrong with him today, did he not have principles anymore when he saw his sister?
	“Listen to me Amy, Hilary is a spy that I sent. When someone sent a time bomb to my house the other day, wasn’t there someone who sent you a note? Also, when you were brought to the island by Matt, it was also Hilary who led me there. If not, I wouldn’t be able to find your location so accurately. None of us knows about Matt’s island.”
	Richard explained Hilary’s difficult task to Amy.
	“She had intentionally fell out with you so she could gain the trust of the other party. There was a long period of time when Allison was unwilling to trust her. If not for her, Allison wouldn’t be caught so quickly.” Richard looked at his sister. She had gone through a lot of hardships.
	Hearing Richard’s words, Amy suddenly understood. So, it had been Hilary who had been secretly helping her out in the dark.
	“There’s more, there’s more, Richard hasn’t finished. It was me who pretended to have a crush on Finnley, giving her a huge shock, hahaha!” The easy-going Hilary exposed the truth, making the people in the house laugh.
	Amy almost teared up from her laughter, she felt like bursting into laughter just thinking of Finnley’s disgusted look towards Hilary. She walked over and held Hilary’s hands in hers, pulling her into her own arms.
	“Thank you, Hilary, you’ll always be my good friend, good sister!”
	“What is there to thank me for, I had free time anyway. My mum always said I don’t have a proper job, so it’s quite fun to go play around for a bit.” Of course Hilary wouldn’t mention that she had encountered many dangers, and had got beaten up a few times. Now that everything was fine, it was great that Amy was safe.
	Seeing that the both of them had resolved their misunderstandings, Richard and Cathy could finally relax. However, Cathy hadn’t known that her daughter had gone to be a spy. At this moment, she also went over to hug Amy and Hilary.
	“My little Hilary has grown up, and matured.” Cathy didn’t say anything else, as long as the family was harmonious, she was happy.
	“Mum, that Richard came back alive again. What’s more both of them are back, and Matt is dead. Tell me, what should I do? Should I forget it, and just work quietly in the office. I can continue to feed the family like this.” A weak William said to the two women in the family.
	Anne and Addy looked at a William who was looking helpless. They had no alternative as well.
	“Then are we not avenging your brother anymore?” Addy felt a little unsatisfied, her son had gone just like this.
	“What else do you want, it’s been so many years. We had used up every alternative, and we hadn’t even managed to do anything to Richard and his family. Stop pushing William anymore.” Anne couldn’t bear to see her man feel so dejected, she genuinely liked William.
	“Exactly, mum, we can’t do this, regardless of IQ or EQ, we cannot fight them. Look, Allison is in prison, Matt is dead, and even that Philip isn’t able to come out anymore. What else do we have? What can we use to fight them?” William thought about the fact that all these people who were better than them were all gone, and he felt a chill down his spine.
	“Alright, alright, do whatever you like, I won’t force you anymore.” Addy knew that she only had this son left, if this son was gone too, then her life would be over.
	Seeing that his own mother was not forcing him anymore, William felt relieved. Luckily, he hadn’t done any evil stuff. If he went over to Richard’s to reconcile, it should still work.
	“Master, William has brought his mistress to come visit.” Robin said to Richard.
	“What is William doing here with his mistress?” Hilary felt annoyance when she heard this. She didn’t like any of William’s women.
	“Get him to come in. This is his house too.” Richard still prioritized his brotherly ties.
	William and Anne carried a lot of things, held their child, and walked in.
	“Call Granny, this is your granny, this is your third uncle, third aunt and little aunt.” Anne’s words were thoughtful, she got her son to call out to everyone in the house, and the child was pretty smart too.
	“Oh dear, the child is already so big. Come to granny.” Cathy had initially been very kind to William and his brother, and had treated them like her own children. If not for Addy intentionally ruining their relationship, William would not have been so resentful towards Cathy.
	The child was also quite good-looking. When he saw that Cathy was calling out to him, he went over to lie in Cathy’s arms.
	Anne was initially worried that Cathy wouldn’t like her son. But looking at the situation now, Cathy seemed even more affectionate towards her son compared to Addy. She immediately felt that she liked this woman.
	“We had been very busy since we came back, so we had no time to come over to visit mother and others. I’m really sorry.” William placed the things next to the tea table, and began his niceties to everyone.
	“William, don’t have to be so polite. We grew up together, we know each other best.” Richard was holding Amy’s hands.
	“That’s true, that’s true, we are one family, we should interact more with each other. Now that Big Brother has passed away, it is left with only the three of us. Isn’t it fate to be able to be siblings?” William took a look around, and didn’t see Allen.
	“Where’s Allen?” William wanted to let his son play with Allen.
	“Oh, Allen went to his grandparents’ house after school yesterday.” There were some matters at home, that was why Cathy had put Allen with Eliana, worried that she wouldn’t be able to handle.
	“Oh, I thought of letting Allen play with my son!” William was a little disappointed.
	“Don’t worry, you will see Allen if you come back often, this is your house too.” Richard said to William. The Carter’s Mansion indeed belonged to everyone.
	“Can we come back often?” Anne hadn’t thought that this family would treat her so well, even though she had done all those things to Amy. She took an embarrassed look at Amy, and her face flushed red.
Chapter 463 Partners in Crime
	“Madam Cliff, it is now left with just both of us, if you regret it now, there is still time.” In the dark, the moonlight was shining dimly, and cast a long shadow on the two people’s back.
	“What do I have to regret, they have killed my son, I have to avenge my son’s death. Seeing their family so happy and in harmony, I feel like going in to chop someone.” Addy clenched her jaw in anger when she thought of Cathy being more blissful than her.
	“Alright then, let’s discuss a strategy. We can’t go the hard way, and I don’t have much help with me. Let’s go the soft route. Even though we can’t make them lose everything immediately, we have to make them suffer for a period of time!” Gina who had just lost Matt had also gone crazy.
	Gina had asked Addy out, so as to think of ways to get their revenge on Amy, Richard and the whole family.
	“Exactly, my second son had initially been agreeable, but that daughter-in-law was timid, and got him to stop his revenge. William agreed too. But in my heart, I really cannot swallow this hatred. How dare Cathy always get whatever she wants, and I on the other hand have to suffer and put down my pride?” Addy had always been very jealous of Cathy.
	“Indeed, Amy as well, she has always been very likable since young, so I have always been living under her shadow. Even when she found a boyfriend, I snatched it away from her with my body. Then, she could still be able to find a better one. On the other hand, the one that I snatched away from her still be thinking about her. Madam Cliff, tell me, where am I not good enough?” Gina was also filled with vengeance towards Amy.
	She didn’t understand why she always lost to Amy.
	Addy took a look at Gina, this chick had gone through cosmetic surgery to make her face looked like this. Although she looked a little like Amy, but it was still very different from her. If she was a man, she would also pick Amy. But of course Addy wouldn’t tell Gina her thoughts, because they were now working together.
	Gina came up with a proposal, and Addy made some changes to it. After both of them were satisfied, they parted ways.
	William and Anne indeed moved back to the Carter’s Mansion to stay. Anne had always despised Addy who came from the countryside, what’s more, Cathy was rich and generous. Hence, Anne immediately sucked up to Cathy, and this made Addy even more hateful towards Cathy.
	“Allen.” When William’s son saw that Allen had come back, he ran around following Allen.
	“Layton.” When Allen saw that there was a little brother in the house, he was pretty happy too, there was finally someone who can play with him.
	“Even though Layton Carter was young, but his mouth was very sweet. What’s more, he was a very obedient child, therefore Cathy didn’t worry about letting both of them play together.
	“Allen, do you want to write something?” Layton followed Allen to his room, and saw him take out his homework, and he looked longingly at Allen.
	“Yes, I have gone to school, that’s why I have homework. Once you grow up in the future, you can go to school too.” Allen explained to Layton patiently.
	Layton was a good boy, when he saw Allen completing his homework, he just stood by the side quietly. With his short height, he could just only see Allen’s writings. With the passing of an hour, he was still watching attentively, his legs weren’t numb, and his waist didn’t hurt.
	“Allen, can you teach me to write?” Layton who was only three years old was particularly interested in writing.
	“Of course.” Allen who had finished his homework, took out a piece of paper, and taught Layton to write one, two and three.
	“Allen, what are you doing with little brother?” When Amy came back, she went over to look at what her son was playing with Layton.
	“Mum you’re back? I am teaching Layton to write, look at the ‘one’ he wrote, it’s pretty good.” Allen praised Layton. When Layton saw Amy, he also called out to her sweetly.
	“Yeah, Layton is so good, just play with Allen at home, don’t go out alright.” Seeing that there were two children at home, Amy was extra cautious. Gina was a person who was very spiteful. Now that Matt was dead, she would definitely come for revenge towards the Carter family.
	“Alright, got it.” Layton answered. His attention was fully focused on the writings. Seeing that the both of them were having fun, Amy went back to her own room.
	Recently, Amy had felt very lethargic. She felt like sleeping whenever she saw her bed. She changed out of her clothes and washed up. Seeing that time was still early, she laid on the bed, and fell asleep not long after.
	“We are here to deliver a parcel, there’s a parcel for Mr. Carter.” A person riding a motorcycle arrived at the doorstep of the Carter’s Mansion, and said to the person inside.
	“Oh, alright, you can pass it to me.” The person inside said. However, the document was pretty thick, and couldn’t pass through the door, and so the doorkeeper opened the door.
	Once the door opened, the delivery person waved a hand at the doorkeeper, and the doorkeeper immediately felt very dizzy, and fell on the delivery person. The delivery person helped the doorkeeper into the room next to the door.
	The delivery person walked out from the room with a changed set of clothes. She left the door slightly ajar, and walked into the house. At this moment, the Carter’s servants should all be preparing meals and working on other things. She was very familiar with this place.
	When she arrived at the living hall, she looked around to make sure there was no one. When she continued walking in, Layton came out, followed by Allen, saying that he wanted to pee.
	The person hid in a corner, she had placed her things in a secret corner. She then continued to another place, and placed the same thing there too.
	After finishing placing them, this woman walked out from the house. Layton and Allen who had just finished peeing were about to go back into the house. Allen subconsciously turned his head, and saw a female servant walking out of the house.
	Shouldn’t they be preparing the meals now? Probably something came up. Without overthinking it, Allen pulled Layton back with him to the study room.
	Once the woman had completed her tasks, she came to the doorstep. Seeing that her time was almost up, she let the doorkeeper inhale something again. She couldn’t let the doorkeeper wake up now, if the doorkeeper woke up, he would call the police, then she couldn’t continue with her plans.
	When she walked out from the door, the woman patted her own chest. It was so smooth. Are the people in the Carter’s Mansion all pigs? It was about to blow up soon, but they still had no clue. She felt particularly happy thinking about it.
	That woman was Gina, she had bought many detonators, and placed them in various corners in the Carter’s Mansion. Once the time had come, the detonator would blow up, then she would be able to see Amy’s tragic cries, hahaha, how exciting.
	Seeing that the time was up, Gina subconsciously moved towards a safe place, counting in her heart!
Chapter 464 Gina Got Arrested
	When Gina felt that the time was approaching, she moved to a safe place and subconsciously covered her ears. Gina laughed in her mind, ‘Hahaha, Amy, your home will soon become a sea of fire. Just wait to die!’
	Gina was very happy. She thought it was easy to make Amy disappear from the world. Everyone in this family must be pigs, they didn’t even have a little sense of safety.
	"Boom!" Gina waited for the loud noise before she slowly opened her eyes, but she felt very strange at this time. She couldn’t help thinking, ‘Why is there no sea of fire in front of her? The Carter family’s mansion still looks fine. Why did nothing happen? What was that noise just now?’
	When Gina showed her head from the dark, she immediately got caught. Somebody even gave her a few blows while the situation here was in chaos and almost broke her bones.
	"What are you doing? What do you want to do?" Gina was pushed out from the dark in embarrassment. Amy and Anne were standing in front of her.
	"What are we doing? You are such a vicious woman. You put those things there to blow us up? We have all the evidence of your crime. Just wait, you will never get out of the prison for your whole life!" Anne felt very scared after seeing the things Gina put in the house. If she hadn't accidentally heard the conversation between Gina and Addy when she went back yesterday, what would happen to her now?
	"What are you talking about? I don't understand at all!" Gina pretended not to know anything at this time.
	"You don't understand? You don't understand?" Anne was not like Amy, willing to listen to her reasoning. She walked over and slapped Gina in the face.
	Gina's face immediately swelled up. Anne was not an simple person. She only hit one side of Gina’s face and let Gina's face tilt to one side. Gina’s face looked hilarious.
	"Anne, don't bully me. Why did you hit me? Can't I happen to pass by here?" Gina thought what she did was unnoticeable. She didn't know that she had been monitored since she came here.
	"You are still denying, aren't you? Those things you brought here were just to blow us all up, isn’t it? We have called the police and all the evidence has been collected. Do you think you can get away as long as you deny it?" Anne had been scolding Gina. She was also very scared.
	Amy just stood by the side calmly at this time. Her stomach was a little uncomfortable and she didn't have any energy or mood to scold Gina.
	As soon as Gina heard that they had reported to the police, she began to get nervous. There were no more people around. If she went to prison again, Amy's life would be good.
	"I didn't, I didn't. I really didn't do anything. It was Addy, it was Addy who asked me to do so." Gin saw the police car. She was so scared that she put all the blame on Addy.
	The police car stopped. A few policemen got out of the car and came to Gina.
	"Sir, sir, they slandered me. They slandered me. I didn't do anything. I just walked around here. I just passed by here. Then they began to frame me." Gina complained first even when she was the guilty one. She grabbed the policeman's clothes and pointed to Anne and Amy.
	"Calm down, madam. We would investigate based on the evidence to decide. We wouldn’t determine just by listening to one's statement. Madam, please let go, please let go." The police were a little afraid of Gina. She looked like a mad dog when she acted crazy.
	Gina didn't let go at this time. She felt as if she had caught someone who could save her.
	"Sir, this is our surveillance video and my recorder. All the evidence is here." Anne handed a paper bag to the police.
	Before the police caught the bag, Gina grabbed the paper bag. She put the paper bag under her feet and stepped on it. The police couldn’t stop her. She even took out the things from the paper bag and broke them. Only then she smiled.
	"Hahaha, hahaha, I broke all your things. Now you have no evidence." The fierce and violent pulling among them that happened just now caused Gina's clothes to be in a mess, but she felt very happy. Now they have no evidence, so they couldn't sue her anymore.
	Anne was so angry that she wanted to rush to Gina and beat her. Gina hid behind the police.
	The police felt embarrassed with them, the police could only try to stop them and calm them.
	"It's okay. Those inside the bag just now were what I didn't want. This is the real evidence." When Amy saw that Gina was already tired and had no strength, she took the real evidence from Robin's hand and handed it to the police.
	"I have backups, sir. This is the entire process of this woman putting explosives into my house." After Amy finished, the police immediately had Gina under control. Just now, they hadn't figured out what was going on.
	Now that it was clear that Gina was the one who put the explosives here, the police had captured her.
	"Hahaha, hahaha, what you just destroyed was something useless. This is the real evidence. You've wasted your energy." At this time, Anne finally realized why Amy was outstanding among others. If she was the one holding the evidence, the evidence would be really gone now.
	Gina was arrested by the police and directly taken inside the car. She was still howling when she got in the car.
	"Amy, just wait. As long as I don't die, I will still come to trouble you!"
	She was stuffed into the police car. The police already got the evidence, and Robin followed the police to give his statement.
	Anne was much more quiet now. She was really frightened just now and thought that the evidence was really destroyed by Gina.
	"Amy, really, thanks to you just now. I thought the evidence was really destroyed." Anne saw that Amy looked a little uncomfortable, so she went to hold Amy.
	"We should really prepare more copies for this kind of thing. The one you handed out was real evidence too, but I had a few copies as back up, I said that just now because I wanted to make Gina angry." Amy felt dizzy and her stomach was a little uncomfortable. Anne helped Amy into the house.
	"Thanks to you this time, Anne. If you hadn't come back last night and told me about it, we would really have to do more work!" Amy saw that Anne had repented and changed herself, and she didn't want to have any big conflict with her. They still had to live under the same roof in the future. Cathy liked her family to live in harmony.
	"Hah, I happened to go back to get something. I overheard her talking to Addy. They didn't notice I was there." Anne thought that her husband was timid, but it's good to be careful too. There was really nothing good to fight against Amy!
Chapter 465 Fainted
	“Amy, are you feeling uncomfortable today?” Richard went to visit Amy as soon as he returned. He had gone out for a business appointment today and had not expected something like that to happen at home. It had really scared him.
	“It’s alright. I’m fine.” Amy was just quite bored and exhausted but there was nothing wrong with her.
	“Why don’t you tell me about what happened today? You’re already uncomfortable and you still have to deal with this matter. You really don’t trust me.” Richard felt that he should do all these things by himself.
	“Aren’t you busy? Besides, I’m free all day long. So, you can give me a chance to show off as well.” It was not easy for Richard either.
	Now, HD Group was being ruined by William. Many board members had requested to withdraw their shares. Some of them were creating trouble every day by accusing William. Richard had to handle too many things. Moreover, Richard had not completely recovered. So, Amy did not want him to be too tired.
	Richard checked around Amy’s body and made sure that she was not injured, then only he was relieved.
	“No matter how busy I’m, your safety is always the most important thing. You can’t do this again. If you repeat it next time, I will punish you.” Richard put his hands into Amy’s clothes.
	“Alright, alright. I know it. I will remember your advice. Take your hands out.” Amy could not bear with Richard’s tickling.
	“No, once a month is still necessary. We have only done it once after coming back for more than two months. It’s time for us to make out again.” Richard hugged Amy without letting go of her.
	“I think that you should recuperate properly. You shouldn’t be so desperate.” Amy recalled Richard wanted it desperately last time, so she had no choice but to agree. However, his wounds were inflamed again after they finished doing it.
	“I have recovered well. Look at it if you don’t believe me. My wound is really healed. It has already scabbed over.” Richard quickly untied his clothes and let Amy look at his wounds. He was physically strong as he had almost recovered from such severe injuries. His muscular and compact skin was really eye-catching.
	After making love with her, Richard reminded Amy not to make decisions on her own again. This kind of thing must be done by a man.
	“Dear, a woman is meant to be loved by a man. If you don’t need me to love you, then wouldn’t I be a failure.” After helping Amy who was exhausted to clean her body, Richard hugged her and was still reminding her.
	“Alright, I know it. I will let you do everything from now onwards. I will not care about anything.” Amy fell asleep after saying that.
	Richard was glad after hearing Amy’s words. He was a man, so he should love and take good care of his woman. Otherwise, how could he be somebody’s husband?
	Richard did not wake Amy up when he left the next day. He felt sympathetic for her, so he let her sleep a little longer. He had already handled the other issues.
	When Amy woke up, she could no longer feel Richard’s warmth around her. However, his body smell was still left behind.
	Amy was so cheerful as she was holding the pillow that Richard had slept on and recalling what Richard had said to her.
	“Ew, ew.” She was originally happy but she felt uncomfortable in her stomach.
	“I have to go to the hospital today. I always feel uncomfortable in my stomach recently as well as tired too.” Amy got up and went to the bathroom to vomit. She vomited so violently that she almost threw up her bile.
	“Mrs. Carter, Mrs. Carter, the breakfast is ready. Do you want me to bring it up or you go down to eat?” Robin noticed that Amy was quiet. So, he went to the doorway and asked her as he was worried.
	Amy had just finished vomiting. She went to the door and wanted to tell Robin to find a driver and send her to the hospital. But when she reached the door, she could not stand up anymore and she just collapsed at the doorway.
	Robin knew something bad was happening when he heard a “bang” coming from the room.
	“Robin, what’s wrong with you?” Hilary walked to the doorway drowsily as she saw Robin was very anxious.
	“I heard that somebody had fallen inside. I was trying to bang the door open to see. I don’t know what happened to Mrs. Carter.” Robin started to bang the door after he finished speaking.
	Hilary was also anxious. She helped Robin bang the door open and saw Amy fainted on the ground.
	“Robin, you go and arrange a car. I will help and carry Amy.” Hilary saw that Amy was very pale, so she thought of bringing her to the hospital immediately.
	“Alright, alright.” Robin went to drive the car hurriedly. He was not relieved if Amy was brought to the hospital by others. So, he drove the car and took Amy to the hospital by himself. He roughly gave some instructions to those at home. Hilary also carried Amy on her back and went downstairs. At this moment, Hilary felt that she was just a god-like existence.
	“How is the patient doing?” Hilary was slightly worried when she saw how serious the doctor looked. Robin was also a little worried at her side.
	“It seems that there’s nothing wrong with the patient either. Is she pregnant?” The doctor was just a bit concerned as he took Amy’s pulse. The doctor was just a physician, so this question had to refer to a professional gynaecologist.
	“Pregnant?” Both Hilary and Robin did not react at once.
	“Pregnant?” Hilary and Robin heard another voice and they glanced at each other, but they realized that it was not spoken by them either.
	Then, somebody rushed in and carried Amy away.
	“Hey, hey.” Hilary and Robin shouted hurriedly when they realized that Amy had been carried away by somebody else. It was only at that moment they realized that the person carrying Amy was Richard.
	Robin told somebody to inform Richard but he did not expect Richard to come so quickly.
	Richard carried Amy to the gynaecology department. He called out the head of gynaecology to treat Amy immediately.
	The head of gynaecology took Amy’s pulse with trepidation. Amy regained consciousness at this moment. She did not know what was happening to her just now as she fainted suddenly.
	“What happened to me?” Amy realized that she was in the hospital as well as in a warm hug since she was carried by Richard all the way.
	“Mrs. Carter, you’re pregnant. It should be a month old.” The gynaecologist told Amy after the diagnosis.
	“Wow, Amy, you’re pregnant. It’s so great. I have a little nephew again.” Hilary was so excited that she was about to hug Amy, but Richard pushed her away.
	“Be careful. Don’t be so rude!” Hilary was disliked by her own brother.
Chapter 466 Perfect Ending
	Since Richard knew that Amy was pregnant, he had been even nervous than Amy. He would take care of Amy’s diet personally every day. Besides, he would often cook and prepare meals for Amy by himself.
	Cathy and Hilary were both complaining that they were redundant as they could not get involved at all.
	“Hey, hey. Richard, am I your mother?” Cathy could not cope with it anymore.
	“Of course!” Richard nodded vigorously as he was holding the plate of fruit that was prepared for Amy. He walked towards Amy who was beside Cathy.
	“My daughter-in-law is pregnant. Can’t I do something for her? If you do everything for her, then my future grandchildren will claim that I didn’t do my best, right?” Cathy complained.
	Amy felt slightly embarrassed while hearing Cathy’s complaint. When she had her first child, nobody in the family had taken care of her. But now, she was quite touched as they were arguing to take care of her.
	“What’s the matter then as he won’t know if I don’t tell him! By the way, mum, go and visit my mother-in-law’s family tomorrow when you have nothing to do. Tell them about it too so that they’re happy as well.” Richard initially did not rush to inform his mother-in-law. However, it would be difficult to explain if he informed it late.
	“Fine, I will go and visit them tomorrow. I can’t get involved at home anyway!” Cathy was angry.
	“Mum, don’t be angry.” Amy held Cathy’s hand and comforted her. Amy was also quite annoyed with Richard as he forced her to eat according to his way every day.
	“I’m not angry with my good daughter-in-law. I’m angry with Richard as he always wants to argue with me every time!” Cathy patted Amy’s hand. As Richard looked at their interaction, he was jealous of their relationship.
	“Aren’t you stealing my wife too? Richard complained.
	“What did you say?” Cathy did not hear clearly.
	“I said my mother is the best,” Richard spoke loudly.
	It would be in trouble if Amy’s pregnancy was known by Eliana this time. Amy would be forced to take even more supplements by Richard as well as Eliana. Furthermore, Cathy and Hannah had brought her something to eat too.
	Amy felt that it was neither a good nor bad thing to get pregnant at this moment. She was being fed like a pig every day.
	“Mum, I…” Amy would not like to drink the chicken soup. However, she could not bear to do so when she saw Eliana looking at her eagerly. So, she could only drink it.
	“Amy, you’re giving birth for the second time now. So, you must improve your nutrition too!” When she had Allen at that time, only Eliana took care of her alone but she felt quite good. Now, so many people were taking care of her, so she would miss having Eliana’s food sometimes.
	As a result, Eliana would be there waiting for Amy to finish eating.
	“Well, mum, I think my nutrition level will exceed. I eat a lot of things every day.” Amy had already gone through her pregnancy reactions. She would not vomit anymore after eating anything.
	“You must eat more so that your body is strong. The child born will be healthier.” Eliana did not think there was any harm in eating more.
	Amy had no choice but to eat as much as she could. After all, everybody was just being kind by sending her food.
	“Amy.” At this moment, Anne also came over with her things. She had completely changed her attitude towards Amy. Since she was nice to Amy, she found herself doing everything smoothly. She had just made a huge profit in the stock market a while ago. Now, her investment was also profitable.
	“Anne.” Now, Anne was given a status. William had divorced Sophia and gave Anne a status even Sophia had stayed with him for so long.
	“Have a seat. Eliana, you’re here too.” Anne also greeted Eliana.
	Eliana did not like her very much, mainly because she did not like Anne’s mother.
	Anne was not angry even seeing Eliana did not reply to her.
	“Amy, I have sent Addy back and she said that she would never come back anymore. I will just give her the living expenses by post every month.” Addy was also startled when she saw Sophia had been arrested. Fortunately, Amy helped her to deny any connection between her and Sophia. So, she avoided going to jail.
	So, Addy was also honest now and she did not mention taking revenge anymore. She had simply gone back to the countryside where she belonged and stayed there peacefully for the rest of her life.
	“Well, that’s good. You should give her enough monthly living expenses. After all, she belongs to the Carter family.” Amy said to Anne.
	Anne did not expect that Amy would still care about Addy’s situation. She was even aware that she must treat Amy nicer as Amy was their lucky star.
	“Alright, alright, thank you Amy then. This is the bird’s nest I have bought. Of course, Eliana has already bought quite a lot of them, but it’s my token of appreciation.” Anne put the bird’s nest she had bought beside Amy’s feet. She just came to inform Amy about Addy’s issue. After she finished saying that, she just left and did not want to disturb Eliana and Amy.
	“Well, thank you then.” Amy still welcomed those who know to correct their mistakes. Sometimes, people would lose themselves due to evil desires. It was still fine as long as they could differentiate clearly in the end.
	“Whoa, Whoa.” The nurse carried the baby out of the delivery room while the baby was crying.
	“Mum, mum, let me see.” Hilary was blocked by everybody else behind as she was not fast enough.
	Eliana and Cathy were standing at the front, followed by Dalton and Dexter at the back. Hilary was jumping outside the crowd and waiting for a long while in a hurry. She just did not get a good spot after she went to the toilet and came back.
	“Why are you hurrying? You will get to see the baby soon.” Cathy scolded her daughter.
	Everybody was looking at the little baby but only Richard was waiting for his wife outside the delivery room anxiously.
	Finally, the door opened and Amy was pushed out. Her forehead was full of sweat. Richard immediately walked over to her and held her hand tightly. He also wiped her sweat with a towel.
	“You did a great job, my wife. I love you.” Richard’s eyes were filled with tears. Although he did not hear Amy’s screams, he was still very nervous after browsing many cases of childbirth on the internet. It was so great and not easy for a woman to give birth to a child willingly!
	“I love you too.” Amy was very clear at this moment.
	Amy only had her parents waiting for her when she gave birth to Allen at that time. But now, her husband was waiting for her outside and this caused her to feel so cosy.
	The whole story ended and there was still an extra!
Chapter 467 Extra Story: Andy Baker
	Ever since he was young, Andy’s dream was to take that nice and soft girl as his wife.
	But when he came back from overseas after his studies, the girl did become a wife, someone else’s wife.
	Every time Amy called him Andy, his heart would skip a beat. He loved her voice.
	All of a sudden Andy’s phone rang. His mother was calling him again. He glanced at his phone and didn’t want to take the call at all, but he knew that if he didn’t, his mother might come to him personally.
	“Hello, mom!” Andy picked up the call and talked to his mother.
	“Andy, you are already in your thirties. People your age usually have children already. When are you getting married? I’m so embarrassed when people ask me about this.” Andy’s mother lived overseas, but she was still very concerned about her son.
	“Well, thirty-something years old is not that old. Didn’t dad only get me when he was thirty-something years old?” Andy used his other hand to grab the phone, he tried to explain to his mother in a nice tone.
	“You were the second child! If your brother didn’t die, he would be turning 40 soon!” His mother wanted to have a nice conversation with him, but the way the conversation was going was making her lose her temper.
	“Alright, alright. Don’t get mad, mom. I promise that I’ll marry someone real soon. How about this, mom? Be on the lookout for me. I’ll like them as long as you like them.”
	Andy knew that he had nowhere to run. He didn’t care about other women apart from Amy. If his mother found someone she liked and chose for him, it would save him a lot of trouble.
	“Really? You said it. I have someone in mind, buy a ticket and fly here tomorrow to meet her,” said Andy’s mother upon hearing him. It was just to her liking. Just now, she saw her friend’s daughter’s picture and remembered that her son wasn’t married yet. She was in a bad mood.
	Andy didn’t expect his mother to have something prepared. He fell into his mother’s trap.
	“Did you hear me? Buy a ticket and fly here tomorrow. Okay, I’m going to hang up.” Andy’s mother hung up the phone happily. She could already foresee Andy getting married, and saw herself holding a grandchild joyfully.
	Andy hung up the call. He smiled bitterly and shook his head. There was nothing much that he could do. He was getting older, his mother was as well. He wanted to ensure that his mother was happy, and there was no second Amy in the world.
	“Book me a ticket to Country A tomorrow,” said Andy to his assistant.
	The next day, Andy was on the plane. He was not even curious about the person he was about to meet.
	There was still some time until landing and Andy wanted to rest his eyes. He didn’t have the chance to rest recently and wanted to use the opportunity on the flight to rest.
	Suddenly, he felt something warm on his leg. He opened his eyes abruptly and heard a gentle voice saying, “I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.” An air stewardess in purple uniform was apologizing to him.
	Andy’s expensive suit pants were stained with coffee. The air stewardess was using a napkin, trying to clean the stain on his pants away.
	“Don’t move!” Andy didn’t like to be touched randomly. He grabbed the air stewardess’ hand. She then looked up and stared at him.
	Her face was small and she had fine makeup on. Her face was covered in shock and her round eyes were wide open.
	“Sir, I’m sorry. I didn’t do it on purpose, my hand slipped. I’m so sorry, I will reimburse for your pants.” The air stewardess looked scared, but there wasn’t a hint of fear in her eyes.
	Andy suddenly grew an interest in her.
	“Alright, you can pay back for this pair of pants. You should know how much they cost. Do you want to pay with cash or card?” Andy teased the air stewardess.
	Sia Kelly didn’t think that he would agree to this, she just simply said it. Did the man not have any compassion after seeing the dismal in her face?
	Sia’s expression changed drastically. She was about to cry
	“Sir, I only earn a few thousand per month. I don’t have the money to pay you back if your pants are worth more than a thousand. I still need to give the money to my parents and my grandparents. Please forgive me.” Her tears were about to fall. Andy thought that he went too far and scared her too much.
	“Fine, I never intend to let you pay in the first place. Take your leave.” Andy didn’t want to continue arguing with her. People were watching, even though he was sitting in the First Class.
	Sia stuck her tongue out and walked away quickly since he let her off the hook. She knew that his pants were expensive, but she didn’t want to use her hard earn salary to compensate him. It would take away two months of her salary!
	When Andy got off the plane, he got into the car that his mother sent over. When he got home, his mother was getting impatient. The meeting was at night, but she wanted to bring him out right away already.
	“Andy, take a rest. At night, we’ll go out to eat. I’ve made a reservation.” Andy’s mother had prepared everything, she made him eat something and told him to get some rest.
	“Mom, I’ll head out for a bit.” Andy’s mother was very impatient. They should’ve met the other party at 6.30 am, but they arrived at the restaurant one hour earlier.
	Andy was sitting around doing nothing for a while, he then wanted to go use the bathroom. He walked out of the restaurant and bumped into someone at the toilet. The person yanked him abruptly into the male restroom.
	Andy was about to go berserk, but his mouth was blocked.
	After a while, another person loitering outside the toilet left. Only then Sia let go of Andy.
	“Thank you,” said Sia and she was about to leave. She was forced by her mother to come here for an arranged marriage meeting. She was only twenty-five and she heard that the man was in his thirties. There was nothing good about an older guy and hence Sia wanted to leave.
	She tried to escape and was walking past the male restroom. But then, she suddenly saw her mother. She was surprised and she grabbed Andy into the male restroom and kissed him.
	“You’re leaving after kissing me?” Andy grabbed Sia. She looked back and noticed that it was Andy. She was shocked, the world was too small!
	“What then? Do you want to kiss me back?” Sia glared at Andy.
	“If you say so!” Andy really kissed her. He held the back of Sia’s head and kissed her deeply…
	At Sia’s wedding.
	Amy and Hilary were asking Sia about how she met Andy.
	Sia grabbed a piece of tissue and wiped away some non-existing tears.
	“That time, Andy forced himself on me. I was a pure and young girl, and he stole my first kiss just like that! I was in so much regret!” She said that but she was very happy deep inside. She found a great husband, she had to use up all her luck.
	“Sia，are you regretting your decision?” Andy stood at the entrance, he had a large stature and was tall. He stared at Sia.
	“Of course not, why would I? Goodbye Amy, goodbye Hilary. My dearest is here! We’re getting married! Haha!” said Sia as she left Amy and Hilary alone. She went up to Andy and walked away with him.
Chapter 468 Extra Story: Kingsley
	“Hilary, I think the two of us should just get together? Look at them, they’re all married.” Kingsley held a wine glass and walked up to Hilary.
	“You?” Hilary gave Kingsley a disgusted look.
	Hilary’s such action made Kingsley very unhappy.
	“What? What’s the problem? You’re already a thirty-year-old old woman, why are you still so smug? I don’t even dislike you but you dislike me?” Kingsley looked askance at Hilary.
	“I’m not smug. It’s because your reputation stinks, I’m afraid it will affect mine.” Hilary frowned.
	“My reputation stinks? Do you think your reputation is good? Not many people can tolerate the bad temper of the daughter of the Carter family. Do you really think that you can marry a tender man? I’m already very kind for not disliking you!” Kingsley glanced at Hilary. ‘Except for her good look, there is no merit or any good attribute at all.’
	“What did you say? Who were you talking about? You even mentioned my bad temper, don’t you also have it? Oh, I really don’t believe it, I’ll find a man better than you in a month and show you!” Hilary’s stubborn temper was portrayed.
	“Fine, then I’ll wait and see. If you can’t find one within a month, I’ll still be here waiting for you!” Kingsley laughed and walked away with his glass of wine, causing Hilary to make faces at his back.
	Kingsley turned around his body, smiled at Hilary and continued to walk away. When he turned around, Hilary was really surprised. Seeing him leave again, she sat obediently.
	However, Hilary was worried. ‘Is Kingsley looking down on her? Is she, Hilary Carter, really not able to find a suitable man? She has always been the one who chose others, will there be any problem for her to find a man? She, Hilary really does not believe it.’
	Since Hilary made a bet with Kingsley, she let Cathy and Eliana introduce men to her.
	When Cathy saw that her daughter was surprisingly going to go on a blind date and was even so anxious, although she was happy, she felt that there was something wrong, “Hilary, why would you suddenly want to go on a blind date? I remember that you dislike blind date very much.”
	“Mom, I recently changed my personality. I want to find a good man and get married. Otherwise, the Carter family will always have a bachelorette and I’ll always be annoyed by my two elder brothers who act lovey-dovey, don’t you feel sympathetic for me?” Hilary found a very suitable reason.
	Hearing this, Cathy also felt it was right. Her daughter would indeed be unable to stand in such an environment. So, she accelerated the pace to find a man for her daughter.
	Eliana was also busy looking for a good man for Hilary. Now, in addition to taking care of Amy’s little son, the members of the Carter family also had one more task, which was to find a good man for Hilary.
	Hilary would see Kingsley once a day. It was very coincidental that she would always see Kingsley either on the way to the blind date, during the blind date or on the road.
	But, they did not talk to each other. They just nodded at each other and brushed past.
	Whenever Hilary had met Kingsley, she felt that the men that she saw on blind dates afterwards were not good enough.
	She felt the men were either too fat, too thin, or not good-looking.
	Anyway, in Hilary’s view, there was really no one comparable to Kingsley.
	“Mom, Mom, the men that you’ve introduced to me are too bad, am I that bad?” Hilary was feeling very vexed.
	“No, the men that we introduced to you are very good. It’s just that you’re too picky on men. If you’re taking your elder brother as the standard, there are really not many such men in R City.” Cathy told the truth.
	“Mom, then how many such men do you think there are?” How many men in R City can be comparable to my elder brother?” Hilary would really like to know there were what kind of men she could choose.
	“Kevin Smith, Andy Baker, Dexter Butler and Kingsley Carr who is a partial resident of R City. There is no more other than these.” Cathy counted with her fingers and the number of men could even be counted with one hand.
	“Then are there really no other people who are comparable to them?” Hilary still did not give up.
	“No more, I think there is no more. All three are married and Dexter also has a girlfriend already, left Kingsley only. Kingsley is very picky. I also wonder the daughter of which family can marry him.” Cathy sighed.
	Although Kingsley looked like someone who always fiddled around, in fact, he was talented in doing business. Also, he had helped Amy a lot and this made Cathy have a better impression of him.
	When Hilary heard this, she did not say a word anymore. Kingsley, whom everyone thought was a very decent man actually came to find her and was even rejected by her. If Cathy knew about this, she would certainly think that she was ungrateful and arrogant.
	“Don’t ever think about it, Kingsley definitely won’t like you. You also shouldn’t like him. Tomorrow I’ll ask Eliana to find another one for you.” All the young and talented good men in R City had been picked by Cathy and Eliana but Hilary was fond of none of them.
	“Okay.” Hilary was also very vexed. Tomorrow was the last day of the one-month deadline so she hoped there would be a man she was satisfied with.
	“Hilary, today Eliana found you a very good man, you have to dress up nicely. I heard that this person returned from overseas not long ago and he is outstanding in all aspects, not worse than your elder brother. Although I haven’t seen this man, Eliana certainly won’t lie to us.” Cathy received a call from Eliana early in the morning.
	She learnt that Eliana had introduced a very good man to Hilary so she hoped that it would be successful today.
	“Really, that’s great, I’ll have to dress up properly.” Hearing this, Hilary was also quite interested. Since Eliana had guaranteed, it must be a very decent person.
	Hilary dressed up herself beautifully and went on the blind date.
	But, Hilary had waited for more than ten minutes and the man still did not come. Hilary was a little angry. ‘What’s going on with this person, he actually comes late on a blind date with a woman!’
	‘Forget it, since it is said to be a very decent person, I should wait a little longer.’ Hilary admonished herself inwardly that she must not lose her temper and portray her arrogant attitude.
	“Excuse me, is there anyone here?” A series of clear voices came from above Hilary’s head.
	Hilary had a burst of excitement. She hurriedly raised her head and saw the man in front of her. Indeed, it was the same as what Eliana said. He was outstanding, exceptionally outstanding. Even his look was also mouth-watering.
	“Kingsley, it’s you?” At this time, Hilary was somewhat secretly pleased in her mind.
	“Yes, today is already the one-month deadline. Let’s go, let’s do what we need to do.” Kingsley looked at the watch and pulled Hilary to leave.
	“Kingsley, where are you taking me to?” Hilary who was being pulled by Kingsley waddled.
	“You’re so nagging, let me carry you!” Kingsley carried Hilary in his arms and walked away.
	In the Civil Affairs Bureau, Kingsley handed over all the documents to the clerk in charge.
	“How come you have my identity card and household register?” Hilary looked at Kingsley in confusion.
	“Mom gave them to me, that is, my mother-in-law.”
Chapter 469 Extra Story: Dexter and Finnley
	“Finnley, in fact, you look really beautiful in skirts. Look at your figure, how nice!” Dexter bought a pink skirt for Finnley and watched her put it on.
	“Really? I think it’s pretty too. How about I start wearing skirts all time from now on?” Finnley looked at herself in the mirror. She looked so beautiful that she fell in love with herself.
	“No, you still can’t wear it when the weather is cold. What if you get sick?” Dexter frowned. He doted Finnley as if she was his daughter.
	“I’m not that weak to fall sick just by wearing a skirt.” Finnley had not worn skirt for more than twenty years. She thought that she didn’t look good in skirts. However, since she wore a skirt once, she found out that she really looked good in one. She loved to be pretty, so she wouldn’t give up wearing a skirt again.
	“Anyway, it’s just not okay. You can wear it when the weather is hot.” Dexter insisted on his opinion.
	The two started to have different opinions on when Finnley could wear a skirt.
	Faustina, who heard their conversation, could not help but interrupt them, “I think that Dexter is right. You have not worn a skirt before, so you’d better keep an eye on your body. Don’t disbelieve his words.”
	Faustina was very satisfied with Dexter. Finally, she could get rid of her daughter. She even thought of preparing a generous dowry for Finnley.
	“Mom, you, why don’t you side me? I will be angry if you treat me like this,” said Finnley to Faustina.
	“Okay, okay.” Faustina was thinking about something else and didn’t notice what she was talking about.
	“We’ve already set the date. My mom has drawn up a list and said that we can go over there to take a look when we’re free.” Dexter was quite happy when he knew that his mom and Finnley’s mom were good friends.
	“Well, okay. I will go over and take a look. I have prepared a dowry for Finnley as well, so I will go and show it to your mom too.” Faustina was busy preparing the dowry for Finnley recently, so she didn’t meet up with Eliana either.
	“Mom, you prepared a dowry for me? How much is it?” Finnley was interested in her dowry now, and she was eager to see what her mother would prepare for her.
	“Of course. Look, are you satisfied with what I’ve prepared for you?” Faustina was not pretentious, so she handed her the dowry list she had prepared.
	Finnley and Dexter looked at the paper. It was filled was lots of items listed on it. Basically, half of the Carr family’s assets were given to her as a dowry.
	“Oh, mom, there’s so many things on the list, isn’t it a bit too much?” Even Finnley felt that it was too much.
	“I’m sending you to Dexter to harm him, so I have to give more.” Faustina said and laughed.
	“Mom? How much do you dislike me, huh?” Finnley knew that her mother was joking, so she squeezed herself into her mother’s arms and pouted.
	“No, no. She is not going to dislike you. Even if she dislikes you, I will still like you,” said Dexter seriously. In his heart, as long as Finnley was a woman, it was already a blessing to him. The rest was not that important anymore.
	“But I dislike you! Why are you so nice to me?” Finnley looked at Dexter. This man was the man she wanted to be together for the rest of her life. He was willing to give up anything for her, so what else could she complain about him?
	“Hey, you are my wife, you’re the only person I’ll be good to.” Dexter took Finnley’s hand and said dotingly.
	Faustina saw that her daughter had found someone to dote her for the rest of her life. She felt very relieved to see this. Faustina had doted her daughter for more than twenty years, now she would have to pass her daughter to Dexter. Fortunately, Dexter was a very good man. Otherwise, she would be really sad and reluctant.
	“You guys continue chatting. I’ll go see what to prepare.” The wedding was one week away for now, and Faustina was afraid of missing out something.
	“Okay, mom. Go ahead.” Finnley let go of her mother. She saw that Faustina’s eyes were already red, knew that her mother was reluctant to see her go.
	“Mom, don’t worry. I’m going to treat Finnley well. Besides, if I treat her badly, I can’t beat her too.” Dexter also noticed Faustina’s emotion. He then tried to assure her.
	“Ya, okay, okay.” Faustina was afraid that if she stayed any longer, she would not be able to hold back her tears anymore.
	“Mr. Dexter Butler, are you willing to take Miss Finnley Carr as your wife? Will you be with her, in sickness, in poverty, in disaster?” The priest asked Dexter in a very solemn manner.
	“I do!” Dexter said firmly.
	“Miss Finnley Carr, are you willing to marry Mr. Dexter Butler? ...” The priest had finished his words for quite some time, but Finnley still didn’t answer him. Her eyes were filled with tears. As she looked around, she saw that her mother was wiping her hears, and her friends and relatives were giving her blessings.
	She looked at this wonderful man in front of her and then she said out loud, “I do!” The rings were exchanged, and Dexter kissed her on the forehead.
	The wedding went on and Dexter was so happy to marry the woman he loved. He was so blessed.
	“Hey, Dexter! You are my love rival, I also like Finnley very much!” Hilary ran up to Dexter and Finnley. She purposely stood in between them and held Finnley’s hand.
	“It doesn’t matter how much you like her. She is mine now and will always be.” Dexter, who had always been a formal person, could also make people cringed when he spoke sweet words.
	“Tsk, tsk, tsk. Dexter, I was wrong about you. I thought you were the one who wouldn’t say sweet words. Who know you’re actually better than Kingsley?” Hilary glared at her husband.
	“I’m a hands-on approach man. I don’t need to say anything, I’ll just need to do it.” Kingsley spoke into Hilary’s ear. Her face turned red instantly. ‘Damn it! Can’t he stop for a while when they are outside?’ thought Hilary.
	Hilary’s face was red, so she pushed Kingsley away. Originally, she wanted to play a joke on Finnley, who knew Kingsley would mess up her joke.
	As they looked at Hilary and Kingsley leaving, Dexter wrapped his arms around Finnley.
	“Finnley, I love you!” Dexter lifted Finnley’s chin.
	“Dexter, I love you!” Finnley opened her mouth slightly and took the initiative to kiss him. The kiss between the two seemed to have added honey, which made the people surrounding them felt sweetness in the air.
	The end.
