Ex husband's Plea for Forgiveness
https://s.swnovels.com/images/book/medium/book-1621407093.jpeg
In his heart, she was the woman, who tried by hook or crook, to marry him for the name, status, and position. Five years of humiliation, five years of disregard, and five years of torture. As that time went by, all these consumed her love for him, little by little. When his true love returned, she knew it was the right time for her to leave and end their marriage. Thoughtful about him, she signed the divorce agreement and left. She wanted it to be her last gift for him. However, what awaited her was boundless anger and silence. But this time she wanted to live for herself!Where will their story lead them?	
Chapter 1 Same Dress
	A myriad of luxurious cars weaved in through the hotel gates as seamlessly as a shuffled deck of cards. A dazzling array of celebrities, socialites and those among the most powerful and influential people of A City had gathered here today to celebrate and honor the prestigious 30th anniversary of Soaring Group.
	Soon after, a Volkswagen Phaeton, with a sleek metallic paint finish, stopped at the hotel driveway and the bellhop stepped forward to open the door.
	Melinda Mo sprang out of the car, clearly in a hurry to go somewhere. In fact, Melinda Mo was rushing to get to a banquet that she almost missed, not because it was her own fault but because she didn't receive the invitation until much later.
	"Where is Jonas?" she asked anxiously.
	"Mr. Gu is already here. He is in the banquet hall right now."
	Gently lifting the hemline of her red dress, Melinda Mo sped to the banquet hall. She was already very late. The banquet hall was a grand space, to say the least. The walls were covered with a shimmering gold paper and in the middle of the ceiling above the carved oak table was a candelabra. The polished silver cutlery was heavy to the hand and shone brightly in the early evening light. At each place stood a tall empty wine glass and there were beautifully folded napkins to match the runner. The room was invaded by beautiful women, showing off their spectacular jewelries and dashing young men, laughing and chatting about business and politics.
	Melinda Mo caught sight of the man in the crowd at first glance. He looked so cold, and yet there was something very appealing about the impassiveness on his handsome face. Although he was surrounded by a crowd, he didn't seem perturbed at all.
	Melinda Mo smiled faintly, not looking to attract any unnecessary attention to her presence. All she wanted to do was slide through the crowd unnoticed and take her side next to Jonas Gu, but soon the smile on her face froze.
	Wrapped around Jonas Gu' arm, was a voluptuous, dark-haired bombshell who intimately whispering words into his ears every now and then. No one could tell what she said to him but it seemed to soften his cold, hard expression.
	As if stuck underwater, everything around Melinda Mo slowed down and warbled, her heart falling silent almost immediately. In a quick and nervous motion, she gathered herself and hid in a corner. As if things weren't bad enough, the slippery snake that was grinding her body up against Jonas Gu was wearing the same red dress as hers.
	She stomped the floor in anger, realizing that the members of the Gu family wouldn't pass on such a good opportunity to humiliate her in public. Of all the people in the world, why did Jonas Gu have to pick Holley Huang, a woman whose greatest achievement in life was to become one of the most famous socialite divas of A City? And most of all, why did they have to wear the same dress today? It wouldn't surprise Melinda Mo if tomorrow she were to become the laughingstock of the entire city for having the same taste in fashion as a slutty model.
	She ran into the ladies' room at first chance and locked the door behind her. As she stared at her own reflection on the mirror, the desperation on her face, she felt frustrating and heartbreaking at the same time. She tore off the shoulder strap of her dress and a bit of her skirt at the bottom that mopped the floor everywhere she went. Luckily, the interior linings of the dress were so delicate and minuscule that the changes would go unnoticed to the naked eye.
	After a while, Melinda Mo walked out of the ladies' room, in a long, strapless dress and a pair of black silk gloves. Her lustrous black hair was loosely tied up and the combination of red and black colors added to the fine elegance that oozed out of her.
	"Melinda? What are you doing here? Why aren't you with Jonas?"
	Melinda Mo immediately recognized the voice without even facing the speaker as it had just the right amount of upper class timbre to belong to the one and only Yulia Gu, Jonas Gu's young sister.
	Melinda Mo forced a smile on her lips as she gave Yulia Gu a gentle nod. She noticed Jonas Gu looking closely at them before he walked away as if she was a stranger.
	Yulia Gu approached Melinda Mo, raising her chin in an arrogant manner.
	"Jonas, aren't you going to say hello to Melinda?"
	The female partner of Jonas Gu who was a married man was a small model, so outsiders knew it clearly that Melinda Mo had no status at all. Looking at Melinda Mo's face, they were full of sympathy.
	Nevertheless, Melinda Mo didn't allow any of it to sadden her. Even the sight of her husband and his lover together did not manage to bring her down. However, no one could tell what she was plotting behind that unwavering smile on her face.
	"Never mind. Besides, it's better for someone like him to be seen with someone like Miss Huang on these occasions." With just a few words Melinda Mo reduced Holley Huang's entire character and personality into something that befitted trash.
	Yulia Gu snickered bitterly, but just as she noticed Melinda Mo's dress she abruptly burst into laughter, pointing at the lose thread on her waist.
	"Oh sweet Melinda, where did you buy this dress? Did my family not give you enough money to shop at a decent place? You're such a simpleton!"
	Yulia Gu said sarcastically. Most people knew that Melinda Mo had come from humble beginnings and that her family wasn't very well off, which led people to think that she had married into the Gu family by foul means. The only people who found Yulia Gu's hateful words were unsurprisingly a group of rich people who covered their mouths to stifle their snide laughter.
	Melinda Mo turned her eyes away without saying a word, and remained indifferent. She had suffered more humiliation than this from the Gu family over the years. Compared to that, this was going to be a walk in the park.
	"Enough!" screamed Jonas Gu. Perhaps he was afraid that Yulia Gu would say something shameful so he stopped her immediately. "Don't cross the line."
	With a displeased look on Yulia Gu's face, she cast a disdainful glance at Melinda Mo and pushed her aside.
	Melinda would have been utterly devastated, if not for her unyielding mental strength and fortitude. When she noticed the loose thread dangling from her dress, she felt so embarrassed that she couldn't even speak.
	At first, Melinda thought that perhaps Jonas wasn't aware of Yulia's behavior, but now the arrogance in Yulia's voice was suggesting that she wouldn't have the guts to do anything if it weren't for Jonas' acquiescence.
	Melinda slowly raised her head and smiled faintly at Jonas.
	"I'm going to get some rest," she said, turning around to leave and not waiting for Jonas' response. Besides, she didn't want to shed another tear for this man, at least, not in front of him.
	She tried to spit out the sadness inside her chest, but it was like a fishbone stuck inside her throat. Looking back at the days she had spent with the Gu family over the years, Melinda smiled bitterly.
	Indeed, without Jonas' approval, who would have the courage to humiliate the daughter-in-law of the Gu family?
	Melinda found herself a corner seat in the lounge where she avoided making eye contact. As such, in her attempt to hide from others, Melinda failed to notice that Holley Huang was sitting beside her.
	"Miss Mo, it's nice to see you here." Holley Huang smiled and raised her glass at her.
	Melinda didn't seem troubled by the way Holley Huang addressed her. Instead, curtly lifting the corners of her lips into a smile, she said, "Your reputation precedes you, Miss Huang."
	Holley raised an eyebrow at Melinda's comment. She didn't expect to find such eloquence from a woman she had just insulted.
	"No matter how famous I am, I can never compare myself to the fabulous Miss Mo. If people notice how indifferent you are to seeing your husband with other women, they might think that you are only interested in the Gu family's wealth."
	"And what of you, Miss Huang? Dangling around a married man, dancing to his every word. Are you willing to be his mistress because you love him, or because you love the Gu family's money?" Melinda sneered and thought, 'Did she think that I was going to let her talk down to me just because I let Yulia off so easily?'
	Holley's face darkened almost instantly.
	"Miss Mo, that's quite low, even for someone like you. Then again, such crass behavior is to be expected from someone who does not understand what dignity means."
	"I would advise you to choose your next words very wisely. Don't forget that I am still legally married to Jonas. Besides, even if we do split up one day, what makes you think you have the chance to be his wife?" A wry smile emerged on the corners of Melinda's mouth. She had shared the same bed with Jonas for several years, which was why she knew that there was someone else in his heart. However, that person was neither her, nor Holley.
Chapter 2 Humiliation
	All Melinda wanted was some quiet time to herself, but unfortunately, she was deprived of that luxury by Holley. Having run out of patience, she stood up and walked over to a stout, middle-aged man not too far away. Melinda smiled at the man, nudging him with her elbow as she whispered something into his ears and cast a short and meaningful glance at Holley.
	Not knowing what agreement they had reached, Holley noticed the man flashing a devious smirk on his face before he started to approach Holley.
	Holley's eyes shot up in bewilderment as she didn't know what to do. This man had been her sugar daddy and she couldn't afford to get on his bad side at any cost. When he came over and grabbed her by the waist, Melinda sneered at her and shook her head.
	Melinda did not have time breathe even after she got rid of Holley as someone grabbed her wrist from behind and pulled her into an embrace. As she looked up and locked eyes with Jonas, she could see the resentment he carried for her in his deep eyes.
	Any other person would think that they were very close, judging by how they were holding each other, but the truth was far from it.
	"You are such a conniving person. I have no doubt that you must have tricked my grandfather in the past."
	Melinda bit her lip and her face turned pale. She seemed exhausted and clearly uninterested to get into an argument with Jonas. Besides, it wouldn't lead to anything good anyway. In Jonas' eyes, she would always be the woman who tricked her way into marrying him. If it weren't for her, he would have been married to someone he actually loved.
	"Are we going to do this again? What's the point? It's not like you're ever going to change your mind about me!"
	"Why don't you give it another shot? Go on!" Jonas' voice was faint, low and magnetic. Although, she had lowered her eyes to the floor, she couldn't avoid feeling captivated by him.
	Why did she still feel like that? Had she not suffered enough humiliation at the hands of the Gu family? Why did she have feelings for a husband who never treated her with love?
	Had it been in the past, Melinda would have openly declared, "Because, I love you from the bottom of my heart. I love you so much that I could give my life for even just a hint of your love."
	However, after five years of nothing but coldness, she didn't know if she still had enough love inside her heart to give to him.
	Looking coldly at her silence and hesitation, Jonas' face darkened in anger. He grabbed Melinda by the wrist and dragged her towards Holley, disregarding her soft painful whimpers.
	He pulled Holley away from the stout, middle-aged man and pushed Melinda into his arms without hesitation. The look of disdain in his eyes broke Melinda's heart to pieces.
	"Mr. Wang, Holley is one of my distinguished guests. I hope that you can leave her to me. It would be my good wife's pleasure to entertain you in her place."
	Holley was in daze, wondering whether she was dreaming. Everything happened so quickly that she hardly had the chance to figure out what was going on. As she stared at Jonas with clear eyes, she couldn't help feeling elated.
	Meanwhile, Melinda didn't even look up at Jonas, her face partially concealed by her long hair.
	Deep down in her heart, Melinda was more distraught than she looked on the surface. She wanted to cry out loud and ask Jonas what she had done to deserve this. By tomorrow morning, the whole world would be laughing at her misfortune on every newspaper and entertainment magazine. Even her dearest parents, who had done nothing but devote their lives to honest work would be dragged through the mud because of her.
	Melinda's face was stuck in an incredulous expression as she helplessly watched Jonas leave the party with Holley. It took Melinda some time to shake herself out of her numbness. In fact, she wasn't worried about Mr. Wang as seemed like a sensible enough man to not make a pass at the lady of the Gu family.
	When Melinda came to that sudden realization, tears burst forth from her eyes and drenched her cheeks. She looked up and smiled at Mr. Wang, eyes failing to conceal her indignation.
	"I'm sorry, but I don't feel too good, Mr. Wang. Tell me, what can I do for you?" Melinda wiped the tears on her face and smiled decently, not coquettishly.
	As soon as the words left her lips, the atmosphere in the banquet hall froze.
	Melinda tried to keep a fake smile, knowing well that Jonas wasn't really forcing her to entertain Mr. Wang. After all, that would only disgrace the Gu family name. He was just trying to humiliate her. Although he had succeeded in doing so many times over the past, this time she wasn't going to let him win.
	The smile on Mr. Wang's face froze at the thought of having to ask indecent favors from the lady of the Gu family.
	"Melinda, what the hell are you doing?" Yulia couldn't help stepping forward. She glared at Melinda and thought, 'How dare she say that in public?'
	Melinda deliberately ignored Yulia.
	"Where are your manners? Don't forget that I'm your sister-in-law!" Then she walked out with Mr. Wang's arm around her, looking happy and satisfied. "Mr. Wang, can we talk more on the way?"
	"Melinda, you shameless woman! Aren't you afraid that my brother is going to find out about this?" What a shame it would be for the entire Gu family!
	Melinda turned around in surprise and glanced at the Yulia, who was angry from embarrassment.
	"What? Didn't you hear him earlier? Your brother is the one who asked me to entertain Mr. Wang!"
	The only thing Yulia could do now was to watch the man leave with Melinda. Ashamed, she wanted to bury her head in the ground. She cursed at the woman, who had turned the Gu family into a laughingstock, and informed her men of the news.
	As for Melinda, she didn't come back home that night.
Chapter 3 Miscarriage
	When Melinda returned to the Gu's mansion in the cold of the morning, she noticed Jonas sitting on the sofa like a stone-cold statue, quietly watching her go upstairs. They never spoke of what transpired the night before.
	It was almost as if the incident at the banquet had never happened. Everything seemed normal, accept Yulia would deliberately ignore her every time they'd see each other. However, Melinda didn't care about it as much because God had given her bigger problems at the moment.
	Melinda found out that she was pregnant.
	She only found out that she was pregnant on the night of the banquet when she made an excuse to get rid of Mr. Wang and went to a hospital for a check-up. When she came to learn the truth, Melinda went back to the Gu's mansion on foot, as if the sky had collapsed on her head and the end of the world had come.
	Melinda didn't even know whether she would be able to keep the baby or not. Lately, she had been taking a lot of medicines because of the abdominal pain. Sadly, there wasn't a single person in the entire mansion that she could talk to about this. She desperately wanted to talk to her parents, but every time the call would go through she would either hang up or avoid mentioning her pregnancy at all.
	Nevertheless, she couldn't keep ignoring this baby. Despite her best efforts to have a discussion with him, Jonas gave her no chance as he hadn't returned to the Gu's mansion in many days. Whatever reasons Jonas might have had for not coming back home, Yulia deduced that it must have had something to do with Melinda, even though she didn't know what it was exactly.
	One day, when Melinda saw the beautiful face of a woman on an LED screen on top of a building, she came up with a rather ridiculous idea.
	Melinda felt wronged by Yulia's baseless accusations as it wasn't her fault that Jonas refused to come home, it was the fault of the person on the LED screen.
	Standing hesitantly at the door of the company, Melinda clutched at her abdomen, feeling a slight tinge of pain. With a vacuum flask in her hand, she finally strode in.
	When the receptionist politely stopped her at the front desk, Melinda was not angry. However, tiny beads of cold sweat began to seep in from her forehead because of the pain and she leaned against the wall with great difficulty.
	Melinda lowered her head, deliberately averting the curious eyes of the employees around her. She wasn't certain whether she had seen it right, but it seemed as though their eyes conveyed sympathy and pity towards her.
	"Miss Mo, Mr. Gu is waiting for you in the office."
	When the receptionist called her "Miss Mo", Melinda didn't show any signs of anger. However, she could see it clearly in their eyes. Even after all these years, the people around Jonas never once accepted her as "Mrs. Gu".
	Melinda pushed the door open, but she was stunned before she even entered the office. She had only been inside his office a few times, mainly because she knew that Jonas didn't like to be disturbed at work. Jonas was casually going over some documents behind the desk, oblivious to the fact that his wife had just walked in.
	And snuggled next to him was the beautiful woman Melinda had been dreading to see. The woman looked at Melinda with a playful glint in her eyes.
	A startled gasp escaped Melinda's mouth, but she quickly took a deep breath and closed the door behind her, isolating the outside world from this office. The atmosphere inside the room was tense and noiseless. She walked over to the desk slowly, staring at the woman blankly.
	Melinda had seen that woman's face countless times on the television. However, in person, she looked more enchanting and attractive. The subtleties and nuances of her movements and the way she smiled attracted people's attention towards her. A few years ago when Melinda and Jonas got married, she would often appear in Melinda's nightmares, threatening to come back and take away the marriage that did not belong to Melinda.
	However, when that day finally came, Melinda felt strangely relieved. The painful scene that she had been dreading for years turned out to be not as bad as she thought it would.
	"Mrs. Gu, why are you staring at me like that?" Her voice was as sweet as honey with a spicy hint of sarcasm in her words.
	Melinda, who looked more charming than usual, had a surprised look on her face and she smiled faintly, slowly placing the vacuum flask on the desk.
	"Miss Bai, you look more beautiful in person than you do on TV. Please don't be offended. I can't keep my eyes off you."
	"What do you want?" asked Jonas. Sitting next to the beautiful woman, Jonas cast a cold glance at the uninvited guest.
	Melinda understood why he didn't want her there, but she didn't take it to heart.
	"Nanny made some soup for you so she asked me to bring it to you."
	Melinda used to love making soup, but she stopped making them when she found out that Jonas never even had a spoonful of the food she'd cooked. The nanny hated to see the couple like this, so she made an excuse for her to bring the soup to him.
	A sudden pang of pain hit her chest, and she held onto it trying to ease the pain. Unfortunately, the nanny had failed to realize that as long as Melinda had any involvement in anything, Jonas would avoid being associated with it at all cost.
	Jonas deliberately averted his eyes and focused his attention towards the papers in his hand.
	"I see. Anything else?"
	Melinda understood that he was indirectly telling her to leave. She sighed helplessly, thinking that perhaps he wanted her to leave because he didn't want her presence to bother the woman he loved.
	"I have something important to tell you. Please, come home tonight." Melinda practically begged him, but she was disappointed to see that Jonas didn't even soften his stance.
	Jonas squinted his eyes at her and said, "I'll see what I can do."
	"No, you promised me that you would have dinner with me tonight," said Emily Bai, gesturing meaningfully at Jonas with her eyes, as she tugged at his arm like a spoiled child.
	"I'm sorry, Mrs. Gu. Jonas and I have an appointment tonight." However, Emily Bai did not look sorry at all.
	Jonas looked at Emily Bai affectionately and gave her a gentle pat on the head to calm her down.
	Looking pale like a piece of paper, Melinda staggered backwards and smiled at the two people stiffly.
	"Oh, I see. However, what I am going to tell you tonight is really important. It will only take up an hour at most. I won't bother you again. I should leave now." Without waiting for Jonas' response, she quickly scampered out the door. Melinda didn't want to wait around and listen to him reject her all over again. Furthermore, she was afraid of losing her sanity.
	Suddenly, the pain in her lower abdomen became harder to bear, causing her to fall down on her knees. She gritted her teeth, stifling the dizziness and to stop herself from collapsing right then and there. Refusing help from Jonas's secretary, she finally stood up on her own and walked out of there. The sympathetic eyes on her back made her feel harsh and heavy. It wasn't until that moment when she finally asked herself if she would be willing to spend the rest of her life like this.
	That night, she waited for him in the master bedroom for hours. She stood on the balcony in her pajamas, staring blankly at the gate of the Gu's mansion. The cold night took away the heat from her body, until her body became stiff and her face became numb. Finally at dawn, she saw the photos of her husband and his lover on the newspapers, entering a hotel together last night.
	The dawn star glared at her over the horizon. It was freezing cold outside, but she couldn't feel anything at all. When she turned around and was about to go back to the bedroom, she realized that her stiff feet had no strength at all, causing her to fall to the ground with a loud thump. Suddenly, as she looked down she noticed a trail of blood running down her legs.
	However, Melinda didn't panic, instead she remained terribly calm. She quietly took off her nightdress and wiped the floor clean. After she threw her dirty dress in the washing machine, she secretly took a taxi to the hospital in the morning to avoid being seen by anyone.
Chapter 4 Divorce
	Silence prevailed in the office of the top floor. There was a soft knock on the door when Jonas was busy checking his e-mail.
	He waved his hand without lifting his head. The secretary walked in and handed him a steaming cup of coffee. She had come to report his schedule for the day.
	Jonas was looking exhausted. He closed his eyes and rubbed his throbbing temple.
	"Leave these things for a while and arrange a driver for me. I need to go back to the mansion first." He hadn't gone home for the past few days and his family was upset about it.
	"Sure." The secretary grinned. "You're going back to see Miss Mo, aren't you? I'm sure she'll be happy to see you."
	Jonas furrowed his eyebrows as he remembered what had happened the previous day. There were only three people in the office. How did the secretary know that Melinda wanted him to come home to discuss something?
	"How did you know?" Jonas arched his eyebrows with suspicion.
	A shiver ran through the secretary's spine. She was afraid of Jonas's eyes that were shooting daggers at her. She wondered what she had done that made her boss angry.
	"Err... I saw Miss Mo almost faint in the office. So, I thought..." She swallowed loudly. "I thought you were going to see her today," she said in a trembling voice.
	Jonas turned away and rested his head on the chair. "Just arrange a car as soon as possible," he said solemnly.
	The mansion was empty when Jonas returned. Melinda was nowhere to be seen. He sighed and went to greet the elders of his family. He then waited for Melinda for a long time. After Jonas finished playing a round of chess with his grandfather, he saw Melinda appear. Her face was pale and expressionless. She was trudging in the hallway like a zombie.
	Nelson felt sorry for her. He advised Jonas to take care of his wife. Jonas nodded and left with Melinda.
	Soon, Melinda and Jonas sat in the living room of the second floor. They were not looking like a married couple, rather like rivals who wanted to defeat each other.
	Melinda raked her eyes across Jonas's face. He was the man whom she once fell in love with, but things had changed. She felt strange to be in the same room with him.
	There was an awkward silence as none of them spoke. Jonas was annoyed by the disdainful look on Melinda's face. He glanced at the document bag in her hand.
	"Where were you this morning? What's in your hand?" he asked, breaking the silence.
	Melinda clasped the bag tightly and bit her chapped lip. She remained silent.
	Jonas had lost his temper. Melinda's silence was killing him. Moreover, his grandfather had been rude to him for her.
	"Don't you know what's in your hand? Why do you have to pretend like you're innocent all the damn time?" He sneered distastefully. "Are you pretending to be perfect and innocent just to win grandfather's heart? Well, if that's the case, congratulations! You have made it!"
	"No, I'm not..." Melinda trailed off. The indifference in Melinda's tone annoyed Jonas even more. "Of course, I know what it is."
	"What?" Jonas asked. It took a moment for him to realize that she was answering his second question.
	Melinda opened the bag, pulled out two papers, and placed them in front of Jonas.
	"This is the divorce agreement."
	An eerie silence filled the room as if a storm was brewing up, waiting to engulf them. Jonas glared at Melinda.
	But Melinda ignored him and continued to speak,
	"I've taken two copies of the divorce agreement and signed both of them. I don't need anything from you. I will not take a single penny from your Gu family. We don't have children, so we don't have to deal with the problem of custody and shit. My only hope is..." Melinda looked at Jonas and cleared her throat. "Since I'm letting you go, why don't you sign the papers as soon as possible?"
	Jonas looked at the documents and back at Melinda.
	"Let me go?" Jonas asked, pursing his lips. "You got married to me and became Mrs. Gu. Now you say that you are letting me go? Why didn't you tell this before? Why didn't you tell this before getting married to me? Stop talking like you're doing me a favor."
	Melinda closed her eyes and sighed loudly. She had been awake the entire night and her eyes were stinging. She thought that Jonas would be glad to leave her and get back to his lover. She didn't know that getting his consent for divorce would be so hard.
	"You were forced to marry me but you don't have to put up with me anymore. I've never failed my duty as a wife but you were never a good husband. I've been hurt and humiliated by your family. I know that you were behind all this. You want to get rid of me, don't you? Here I'm, with divorce papers, granting your wishes. Why are you hesitating now? Or... Have you fallen in love with me?" Melinda scoffed.
	Jonas was taken aback by the sudden change in Melinda's attitude. The woman sitting in front of him seemed like a stranger to him. She was feisty and aggressive. There was not a trace of fear on her face.
	Melinda lost her cool when she saw Jonas's expressionless face.
	"I'm too exhausted to talk to you right now. Just sign the damn divorce agreement and we'll go to the Civil Affairs Bureau to sort things out." She stood up and left the living room.
	Jonas stared at the papers that were lying in front of him. His body froze and he couldn't move. He didn't know what to do. There was a sudden commotion downstairs.
	He walked out of the living room and saw Melinda dragging a small suitcase. It was too small to carry her belongings.
	"You disgusting woman. What's in the suitcase? Are you planning to help your poor relatives by giving our family belongings to them? Jonas is at home. You can explain your cheating behavior to him."
	Yulia grabbed the suitcase, and opened it. There were only a couple of books and manuscripts that Melinda had been working on.
	Yulia couldn't find anything to blame her for. Her cheeks had turned red with embarrassment. She stepped on the manuscripts and tried to search Melinda.
	But before she could take another step, Melinda kicked her to the ground. Yulia yelped in pain and stared at Melinda with wide eyes. Melinda was usually fragile and vulnerable. Yulia couldn't help but wonder where she got the sudden strength from. Anger rose from the pit of her stomach.
	"How dare you hit me?"
	Before Yulia could utter another word, Melinda kicked her hard in the stomach. Yulia writhed in pain and slumped to the ground.
	Melinda quickly shoved her things back into her suitcase and looked at Yulia. She grabbed fistfuls of Yulia's hair and lifted her head, so that she could look into her eyes.
	"Who do you think you are? You're just an illegitimate child and I don't give a fuck about what you say or think. Do you think I'm afraid of you? You're a piece of shit and no one gives a fuck about you. Look, no one has come to save you. Do you understand your worth?"
	Yulia looked around the spacious living room. Melinda was right—no one had come to rescue her.
	Melinda pinched Yulia's face. Her fingernails sank into her skin, causing blood to ooze out.
	"I have put up with your shit for many years. If you dare to come anywhere near me, I don't know what I'll do to you. Do you fucking understand?"
	Yulia nodded. Plain fear was written all over her face. Yulia meant nothing to the Gu family but she made a big deal out of herself. She deserved this punishment. Otherwise, she would stab Melinda behind her back.
	Melinda was pleased with herself. She glanced at the second floor for one last time, before she walked out of the mansion without looking back.
Chapter 5 Rebirth
	Light music was playing in the quiet coffee shop.
	Melinda was distracted as she rhythmically tapped the white porcelain cup with her spoon. She was looking down into her cup, which made it impossible to know what was in her mind. She was lost in deep thought. However, the man sitting opposite her was an open book. He wore his emotions on his sleeves and his eyes reflected the intense heartache he was feeling.
	"Is there any news yet?"
	Melinda pressed her temples with her fingertips as she rubbed them gently, trying to release the pressure that was building up. She shook her head tiredly, trying to put her thoughts into perspective.
	"Not yet. I can't seem to tell what he is thinking. I thought I knew what he wanted but now I am not too sure." She thought Jonas would agree to let her go as soon as she mentioned divorce, but since the day she left the Gu family, she hadn't heard from him.
	She guessed that maybe his sweetheart had returned and so they had been busy catching up, causing him to have no time for trivial things like a divorce.
	Kent looked at her and noticed that she had lost a lot of weight. She was quite thin and fragile as if the wind would just carry her off. His frown deepened in annoyance when he realized that she seemed to still be trapped in love.
	"You have left the Gu family now, if he really cared about you, it would be impossible for him to ignore you for too long, and he would get back to you in time. Just be careful so that this time you don't get trapped again."
	Melinda knew that he must have misunderstood her intentions, but she really couldn't blame him. Previously she used to be obsessed with Jonas. Even she couldn't believe that she had reached a point where she just stopped loving him. Her heart had become cold like frozen icicles towards Jonas.
	She smiled helplessly as she stated, "You are overthinking. How can I still miss him after everything he has put me through? I was just preoccupied with what I should do in the future. I can't rely on you for the rest of my life, I have to learn to be independent. If I had known that the cost of living in general and specifically rent charges would be so high, I wouldn't have pretended to be noble and left with nothing. I should have asked for what rightfully belonged to me from the Gu family."
	Kent was amused to see how she was pretending to be a cunning woman for his sake. He looked at her black eyes which reminded him of the issue at hand, and became serious once again as he held her hands gently.
	"You know, I don't mind taking care of you forever."
	Looking at his serious face, Melinda froze and pulled out her hand unnaturally. Her tone was soft but firm.
	"I know how kind you are. But, I wouldn't live with myself if I took advantage of you like that. It's not fair to you." Kent was such a good person that she felt she was not worthy of his love. He deserved a better woman who would treat him well and would not embarrass him, instead of her who was living in squalor at the moment and came with a lot of baggage including a divorce.
	However, Kent seemed not to care about her refusal at all. He lovingly pinched Melinda's nose which had turned a little red from the embarrassment that she was feeling.
	"Don't be stressed. I offered to take care of you voluntarily and at no time have you ever been a burden to me."
	Melinda lowered her head in embarrassment, and dared not to look into his eyes as she felt tears fill her eyes.
	But her unnatural and jerky movement was considered shyness by others, although it was probably a defense mechanism.
	"Hey, isn't that Miss Mo?"
	A harsh female voice broke the silence of the serene coffee shop. Melinda raised her head to have a look at who was causing such a fracas. Holley walked in wearing a tight black skirt and tightly holding Jonas's arm as if he was about to get away from her. Jonas cast a glance at Kent, and then his eyes were purely focused on Melinda.
	"Miss Mo, I didn't expect that you would act so fast and come to this place as soon as you heard that Jonas would be having a cup of coffee with me," Holley mocked, and then dramatically turned and threw a menacing glance at Kent as if she had just noticed his presence next to Melinda. "Wait a minute. Who is this gentleman you are gallivanting with? Miss Mo, is it that you can't bear loneliness..."
	Holley thought that she had finally identified a secret that Melinda had been trying to hide. So she theatrically covered her mouth, pretending to be surprised at her new discovery, but in reality, her eyes were filled with glee. She was already picturing the expulsion of Melinda from their social group.
	Looking at Holley's expression and how immaturely she was behaving, Melinda knew that Jonas must have concealed the news of their divorce from the public. The corner of her mouth twitched in amusement at how much Holley was wasting her acting skills on them.
	"Wow, this is very strange. It seems that you are so charming that Mr. Gu is willing to leave his true love for you, so that he can accompany you for coffee."
	Holley puffed out her chest proudly. The irony in Melinda's tone flew right past her head and Holley assumed it was a compliment. She was aware that a skunk named Emily had been sniffing around Jonas and trying to make everyone notice her presence. Holley had thought that Jonas would lose interest in her now that he had a new catch, and ignore her after the banquet that night. However, she was pleasantly surprised when Jonas sent someone to contact her. So she thought that Emily was not a big shot as she had earlier claimed.
	Even if she didn't understand what Melinda meant, Jonas perfectly understood the dig Melinda took at Holley. His eyes tuned cold when he spotted the interaction between Melinda and Kent, looking as if they were very close to each other.
	"You seem to be in a good mood. I was wondering why you seemed to be so impatient. It turns out that you have already found yourself a replacement boyfriend. What? Are you happy since someone will accept such a shameless woman like you?"
	"Jonas Gu, watch your mouth!" Kent's hands slammed against the table as he stood up. He then grabbed Jonas by the collar and glared at him.
	Melinda rushed to hold on to Kent's fist to prevent him from committing professional suicide. She tried her best to separate them. The Gu family was a big family in A City. Even though Kent's family was also famous in the city, and he had worked hard and made a name for himself, she didn't want him to get into trouble.
	"Well, you have made it very clear that no one can compare and is good enough for you. You have already had enough of looking at my boring face for the last five years. So, Mr. Gu, please be generous and send the divorce agreement to me as soon as possible."
	Jonas's eyes were filled with unfathomable coldness, while Melinda looked at him straight in the eye without flinching. She didn't want to show any sign of weakness.
	"You have grown thinner," Jonas suddenly said.
	Melinda sneered.
	"If Mr. Gu can be kind enough to act more efficiently to expedite the process and give me a reply as soon as possible, I promise I can get fat in a week."
	Jonas fixed his eyes on the woman in front of him, who was full of spikes. She looked at him while guarded, without the previous feelings of love and adoration which were ever present in her eyes. This new look was strange to him and made him upset.
	He always hated to see her face and eyes and found her annoying. He should be happy that he was now free once she disappeared from his presence.
	He looked away lightly and smiled.
	"Don't get me wrong. I have been busy recently and the divorce agreement totally escaped my mind. I just hope you can keep your words."
	"Kent. Why are you still standing there?" Jonas had left with Holley, but Kent was still lost in thought as he watched them leave in a huff.
	Jonas had suddenly appeared at the coffee shop and although it seemed like a pure coincidence, Kent thought otherwise. He suspected that Jonas had deliberately made an appearance here because Melinda was here.
	He sat back and looked at Melinda's gentle face. She seemed not to be impressed by what had just happened. He could not help but feel at ease and a bit encouraged by her response to the whole provocation.
	Thinking about the undisguised anger in Jonas's eyes which only men could understand when Jonas looked at him just now, he sneered in his heart. Such kind of a person would sooner or later suffer what he had planted, but what he met was not someone else, but Melinda who looked soft but would never look back.
Chapter 6 An Unexpected Visit
	In the Gu's mansion, Jonas's eyes were fixed on the two agreements on the table. His jaw tightened when his gaze fell on the words "leave with nothing".
	He closed his eyes and massaged his temples. Jonas believed that Melinda had married him just for the money. But he couldn't understand why she wanted to divorce him now without asking for anything.
	Had he misunderstood her intentions all this time?
	'No, it's impossible!' Jonas thought. He clearly remembered what Kent had done the previous day. The defiance in his eyes and the subtle blush that had crept on Melinda's cheeks were still vivid in his mind. Jonas banged the table with frustration. Melinda had found a new home, which was why she had left him in a hurry.
	He felt that a woman like Melinda would never change. She leeched on people for money. The thought of it made anger rise from the pit of his stomach.
	Jonas immediately grabbed a pen and signed the two documents without hesitation.
	Just then, Gavin, the butler, walked into his room. He was sweating profusely, puffing and panting for breath.
	"You've come at the right time. Send these documents to Melinda," Jonas ordered.
	Gavin glanced at the documents and was hesitant to take them. Jonas opened his mouth to say something but decided against it.
	"What's wrong? Do you have something to tell me?" Jonas knitted his eyebrows in confusion.
	The old butler looked at Jonas with worried eyes. He licked his lips and swallowed loudly before he finally said,
	"We found a pair of pajamas in Young Mistress' bedroom. Err... There are bloodstains all over it."
	Jonas's dull eyes widened with shock.
	"What do you mean?"
	"It looks like the blood belongs to Young Mistress. I have sent people to check the surveillance video. It shows that she had gone to the hospital early in the morning." Melinda was a petite woman. How would her body tolerate so much blood loss?
	Jonas was distressed and couldn't help but wonder if she was doing okay.
	"Go to the hospital!" Jonas's voice reverberated in the silent room.
	Melinda had been waiting to hear from Jonas but he hadn't responded to her yet. She was feeling helpless. But her schedule was packed and she didn't have enough time to worry about it.
	Although Melinda wasn't born with a silver spoon, she was still inexperienced. She couldn't find a suitable job to pay her bills. Fortunately, she was a commendable writer. Her writing skills enabled her to earn a small sum of money to make ends meet.
	Melinda deliberately distanced herself from Kent. She didn't want to give him any false hope. Moreover, she was afraid of ruining his reputation. So she always declined his help and favor. But Melinda had underestimated Kent's determination. He hadn't stopped visiting her and she couldn't ignore him.
	The room was silent except for rhythmic taps of the keyboard as Melinda wrote the final draft. She had been working on an article for a magazine and finally sent it before the deadline.
	She stretched her back and rubbed her tired eyes. Just when she was about to rest her head on the chair, the buzzing sound of the doorbell filled the room.
	Melinda couldn't afford a house in a decent location. Her house was located in a remote area and only Kent knew that she had moved here after leaving the Gu family.
	She groaned and stood up to open the door.
	"Kent, have you come to have dinner with me?" Melinda joked and opened the door.
	But her heart leaped to her throat when she saw the familiar face. Jonas was leaning against the wall. He had come alone and Melinda suppressed the urge to shut the door on his face.
	"Are you going to make me stand here the whole time?" Jonas asked. His face softened at the sight of Melinda who was in her pajamas. Her hair was tied into a messy bun. But his stomach flipped with anger when he heard Kent's name.
	Melinda glanced at him and walked into the house without bothering to invite him in. She thought that Jonas had come to give the divorce agreement and didn't want to strike a conversation with him.
	Jonas followed Melinda and peered around the house. It was a basic house. Although it was tidy, the dull lighting made the house very depressing. Jonas wondered how she managed to live in a place like this.
	Melinda leaned against the wall and folded her arms across her chest. Her cold eyes stared at Jonas. She had a strong feeling that Jonas had only come to ridicule her.
	"What brings you here today?" Melinda asked, breaking the silence.
	Jonas pursed his lips and smirked at her.
	"We aren't officially divorced yet. When Kent has the right to visit you whenever he pleases, can't I, your husband, come to see you?"
	Melinda averted her eyes. She didn't want Jonas to find out what she was thinking.
	"Mr. Gu, you haven't signed the papers yet, have you? I don't know why it is difficult for you to get rid of me."
	Jonas was appalled by Melinda's words. She had called him "Mr. Gu". He couldn't help but wonder if she was disgusted to even say his name.
	Jonas walked to Melinda, placed a finger under her chin, and lifted her face. His jaw was tight and his eyes were bloodshot.
	"Yes, I haven't signed them yet. You started all this by marrying me; how could I allow you to end it?"
	Melinda shuddered at the intensity of his words. It seemed as if he wasn't ready to let her go. She quickly changed her expression and forced a smile.
	"Aren't you afraid of hurting Emily?"
	Jonas stroked her cheek tenderly. He had missed caressing her soft skin.
	"I've underestimated you, Melinda. You're a smart woman. You fooled me into believing that you were bullied by the Gu family. Tell me, how much did Grandpa give you to get married to me? How much is Kent paying you now? Why are you so eager to leave me?"
	Jonas bellowed, shaking her, almost as if he wanted to bring the answers out of her. Melinda yelped in pain and slapped his hands away. She was trapped between Jonas's arms and knew that she couldn't escape from him. She lifted her chin and glared at him.
	"Kent didn't give me money and I don't need it. I'm more than happy to stay with him."
	Jonas became furious and grabbed Melinda's arms with all his might. Melinda cried out in pain.
	But Jonas ignored her feelings and put his hand around her throat. He took out a check from his pocket and threw it on Melinda's face.
	"I never expected you to be this cheap. I bet I can buy a hundred more girls like you with this money!"
	Melinda's face turned red with anger but there wasn't a trace of weakness in it.
	"What happened? Hasn't Emily treated you well? She is the love of your life, isn't she?" Before Melinda could utter another word, Jonas slapped her.
	Her pale cheek turned red. She slumped to the ground and covered her cheek with her hand.
	Jonas was shaking with fury. His eyes widened as he looked at his hand. He clenched his fist and averted his gaze.
	"You don't deserve to say her name." Jonas was shocked by his sudden outburst. He didn't know why he reacted that way. He couldn't stand that she was looking at him with disgust. Wasn't she supposed to look at him with loving eyes?
	Jonas picked the check, took out his pen, and added another zero after the number. He glanced at the check for one last time and placed it next to Melinda.
	"If I find that you are still in touch with Kent, I will make him regret meeting you. I will fucking end his life in the Jiang family. Do you understand?" Jonas threatened.
	Melinda continued to stare at him. Jonas's face softened and he looked at her tenderly.
	"It's grandfather's birthday in two days. I will pick you up and take you to the mansion. I can just pretend that nothing has happened between us."
	Jonas felt that Melinda wouldn't make a fuss this time. He had offered her a huge concession and she was bound to obey him.
	Jonas believed that Melinda was doing all this to gain his attention because Emily had come back. He felt that Melinda was jealous and had proposed a divorce in a fit of rage. She was perhaps too embarrassed to take her words back and was looking for an excuse to come back to him.
Chapter 7 Nelson's Birthday Party
	Melinda was sitting in the car. Her cold eyes peered through the window. The street was bustling with traffic and people.
	"Mr. Gu is held up with work and has asked me to take you to the mansion," the driver said respectfully as he looked at Melinda through the rear-view mirror. He knew that she was despised in the Gu family.
	Melinda's skin was pale and colorless. She was thin and her bones were sticking out. Her droopy eyelids had a gentleness to them.
	She didn't respond. The driver felt that Melinda was hard to get along with and decided not to interact with her.
	An array of luxury cars were parked in front of the Gu's mansion. The villa was illuminated by bright lights. Although Nelson was not interested in an ostentatious birthday party, the Gu's mansion was looking extravagant.
	Everyone in A City knew that almost all the members of the Gu family disliked Jonas's wife. All eyes were on Melinda when she walked in. The crowd was buzzing with rumors about her.
	However, Melinda ignored them, walked to Nelson, and smiled at him.
	"Good girl! I'm happy that you're here. Where is Jonas? Why didn't you two come together?" Nelson was fond of Melinda. He liked his granddaughter-in-law more than anyone else. Even his grandchildren faded in comparison to her.
	Nelson was old and couldn't walk without support. So Melinda held his arm carefully and guided him through the hallway.
	"Jonas will arrive soon. Grandpa, please wait for a moment," Melinda said as she shifted her weight from one foot to another and held him tightly.
	"Grandpa, how would she know? My brother doesn't tell her anything," Yulia said maliciously.
	"What are you talking about? Melinda is his wife. Who would know Jonas better than she does?" Nelson complained.
	Yulia opened her mouth, but Melinda glared at her. She swallowed her words and turned away. She remembered how ruthless Melinda had been to her.
	Jonas attended the party late in the afternoon. He was wearing a well-fitted gray suit that complemented his skin tone. His magnetic looks attracted everyone's attention. There was a restless murmur from the crowd when they saw the woman who was walking hand in hand with Jonas. It was the famous actress Emily. She was the most popular movie queen in the entertainment circle.
	Emily was also wearing a gray dress that clung onto her body perfectly and accentuated her features. Her flawless, milky skin was dazzling under the lights. The two of them were like a golden couple.
	Yulia smirked and looked at Melinda but she was disappointed to see the indifference in her face. Melinda had completely ignored them. Jonas and Emily seemed to seize everyone's attention except Melinda's.
	The two of them walked to Nelson who greeted them with a sullen face. Nelson cast a cold glance at Emily and turned away.
	Emily flustered with embarrassment as Nelson ignored her. She bowed respectfully and hid behind Jonas.
	"Grandpa!" Emily croaked.
	But Nelson cut her off, "I'm not your grandfather." Nelson turned to look at Melinda and patted on her shoulder comfortingly. "Melinda, let's go and see the guests."
	Melinda smiled gratefully and held Nelson's arm. She walked past Jonas without turning to look at him.
	Jonas's heart sank at Melinda's reaction. She didn't care about him attending the party with another woman. Jonas had lost his mind when he found that Melinda was close with Kent. He had intentionally brought Emily to the party to make her jealous. But Melinda was unaffected by it.
	Melinda accompanied Nelson to greet the guests. He had been trying to help her, but it was difficult to shut the mouths of people who were mocking her. Everyone, but Nelson was aware of how Jonas treated her.
	She excused herself and went to the bathroom to avoid the people who were casting nasty looks at her.
	After wiping her hands with a towel, Melinda walked out of the bathroom. Her lungs constricted when she saw Emily walk into the bathroom. She stopped and glared at her.
	"Miss Bai, I'm sure you're familiar with this mansion. This isn't the guest hall."
	The guest hall and the bathroom were not far from each other, but it was not easy for an outsider to find the bathroom. Melinda glanced at the noisy hall.
	Emily was leaning against the wall as she looked at her slender fingers and manicured nails with a smile on her lips.
	"Actually, I've come here even before you have set foot into the mansion. Jonas always liked to secretly chat with me in the study. He's gotten the sexiest voice and I always asked him read books for me."
	Melinda looked at the study. A faint smile tugged at the corner of her lips. Jonas didn't want to live with her and it had been a long time since he had moved to the study.
	"Why are you here then?"
	Emily smirked at Melinda and sashayed towards her.
	"I heard that you wanted to divorce Jonas." She leaned forward and whispered in her ear.
	Melinda sneered with disgust.
	"Wow! You are well-informed. I'm sure you also know that your boyfriend hasn't agreed to it."
	"I can help you," Emily said in a husky voice that was coated with venom.
	Melinda's curious eyes raked across Emily's face. An evil smile crept on her lips.
	"Really? How exactly are you going to help me out?"
	Emily took a step back and smiled innocently.
	"If that's the case..."
	Emily trailed off and pushed the vase that smashed on the floor with a loud bang. Everyone in the hall turned around to see what was going on. Emily took the opportunity and decided to fall on the broken porcelain and blame Melinda for it.
	But before she could execute her plan, Melinda grasped her wrist and pulled her off the ground.
	"That's a great idea. Thank you very much," she whispered and fell on the broken porcelain.
	Emily's eyes widened and her jaw dropped in shock. Everything happened in a matter of seconds and Emily couldn't understand what was going on. She felt a thunderbolt when she saw Melinda on the ground. The latter was hugging herself, writhing in pain.
	People had swarmed around Melinda and were shooting accusatory glances at Emily. Emily's heart was drumming in her chest and that was when she saw her savior run towards her, breaking through the crowd.
	"Jonas, Jonas, she scared the heck out of me..." Emily said helplessly.
	But Jonas pushed her away and looked at Melinda who was lying on a pool of blood. The porcelain fragments had pierced through her skin and caused the blood to gush out.
	"Melinda... My child..." Nelson cried. He was helpless and ordered his butler to call a doctor.
	Jonas reached his hand to touch Melinda, but he withdrew it immediately as he was afraid of hurting her. He thought that the porcelain pieces would sink deeper into her skin. Melinda scowled at him and turned away. She would rather endure the pain than get help from Jonas.
	The party was not over but the commotion outside the bathroom had caused many people to leave.
	The family doctor rushed in. He quickly pulled out the porcelain pieces from Melinda's skin with forceps. There were so many small cuts that the doctor couldn't use anesthesia. So Melinda was left with no choice but to sustain the pain as the doctor pulled out one piece after the other. The blood had drained from her face and she was about to pass out.
	"Jonas, it wasn't me. She fell down on her own," Emily said anxiously, tugging at the corner of Jonas's coat. Jonas had never been mad at her, but now, he was looking at her with undisguised contempt.
	"I'm not blind. None of us are blind. I saw you push the vase to the ground. Stop lying." Nelson was seething with rage. He controlled his urge to smack her head with his crutch.
	"Grandpa, calm down," Melinda said comfortingly. Her voice was barely above a whisper.
	"Poor girl, you have suffered a lot. It's my fault. It was I who wanted you to get married to my grandson and live happily with us, but I didn't..." Nelson's voice broke as tears streamed down his face. The guilt was consuming him. He had always treated Melinda like his own granddaughter.
	Jonas's interest was instantly piqued by Nelson's overprotectiveness. But he didn't have the time to think about it.
	Melinda smiled. Her eyes fell on Jonas who was looking at her. She frowned and turned away.
	"Grandpa, none of this is your fault, but..." Melinda choked. "I can't do this anymore, Grandpa. This is too much."
	Everyone was surprised to witness her meltdown.
	"I don't want to live with him anymore. I'm scared. I was just hurt this time but imagine what would have happened if one of these pieces was shoved down my throat. Grandpa, please allow me to divorce him."
	Everyone was too shocked to say a word. Melinda crawled towards Jonas and Emily. Just when she was about to kneel in front of them, Nelson lifted her.
	Melinda's body was shaking with sobs.
	"Please, please let me go. It's my fault. I shouldn't have married you. Please let me go. Are you not satisfied after killing my baby? Do you want to kill me as well?"
	Everyone gasped in shock. Jonas's body was shaking uncontrollably. He stared at Melinda who had slumped to the ground. She was hyperventilating.
	"Baby?" Nelson looked at Jonas in disbelief. "Jonas, what the hell is going on? What's wrong with the baby? Is Melinda telling the truth?"
	Jonas's jaw tightened and he remained silent. Nelson was so angry that he hit Jonas with his crutch.
	"Tell me! Is she telling the truth?"
	Jonas pursed his lips and nodded in agreement.
Chapter 8 Manipulator
	Jonas couldn't stop thinking about the blood-stained pajamas. Although he had sent his people to the hospital to find the truth, he hadn't found anything yet.
	Everything seemed to fall in place now. His mind was adding all the pieces of information together. His heart was saying one thing but his brain was denying it. In his eyes, Melinda was a greedy woman, so she wouldn't have kept her mouth shut if she was really pregnant.
	Tears continued to stream out of Melinda's eyes. She had become numb, but Nelson's anger and the thought of her baby churned the emotions in her heart, making them gush out of her eyes.
	She couldn't imagine how she had endured their torture all these years. She had survived but lived like a walking corpse. She had been used to humiliation and torture.
	"You disgusting bastard! What have you done? Aren't you ashamed of yourself? Melinda is your wife. How could you treat her like shit?" Nelson glared at Jonas. The mere sight of Jonas was driving him crazy. "Don't worry, my child. I'm still the head of the family and I get to decide what needs to be done," he comforted Melinda.
	Nelson tapped his crutch and glanced at Emily. She had always been a weakling; at least that was what Jonas thought her to be. But if Emily was as weak as she portrayed herself to be, how did she find the strength to create trouble in his family? As a seasoned old man, Nelson knew she was never as simple as she appeared.
	"Grandpa, I don't need anything. Let me divorce him. I've had enough, I cannot put up with the torture anymore." The people around them felt sorry for Melinda when they saw her crying.
	Jonas knitted his eyebrows and looked at Melinda as if he was seeing her for the first time. His heart was filled with doubts and questions but now wasn't the time to sort them out. Guilt was consuming him.
	"Look what you've done! You failed to protect your wife! What kind of a husband are you?"
	Nelson was disappointed with his grandson. He hadn't known about Melinda's pregnancy and it was too painful to find out that Melinda had lost her baby, the heir of Gu family. Anger rose from the pit of Nelson's stomach as he smacked Jonas's back with his crutch.
	Everyone was equally furious. They didn't expect Jonas to do such a thing. Yulia's smirk was wiped off from her face as she began to tremble with fear.
	She had always been afraid of Nelson and Jonas. Nelson's anger terrified her. She had never seen him like this before.
	Melinda was touched by Nelson's gesture. She felt that it would be disrespectful to mention the divorce again.
	"Jonas, I didn't push her. Trust me!" Tears fell from the corners of Emily's eyes. She was looking vulnerable. Melinda narrowed her eyes and looked at her.
	"Emily, that's enough. I think it's time for you to go home." Jonas didn't want Emily to be involved in this matter. He was too confused and didn't know who to believe and who not to.
	Things were messed up. It wasn't a big deal for him, but he didn't want anyone to point their finger at Nelson and his family.
	"Jonas, why aren't you believing me?"
	Emily bit her lip and looked at him sadly. But Jonas turned away. She didn't know how to make him trust her.
	"Gavin, arrange a car to send Emily back. I'm upset and I cannot deal with her now," Nelson ordered. Jonas had neither apologized nor offered an explanation, which annoyed Nelson even more. Emily covered her face and walked out of the mansion. She couldn't stand the accusatory looks of people.
	The happy party was ruined. There were too many revelations that were hard for Nelson to swallow. It was overwhelming.
	Melinda couldn't help but feel disappointed. She thought that she could somehow make Jonas sign the divorce papers and leave the mansion. She was both physically and emotionally exhausted.
	Her feet became wobbly. Her legs gave away and she fell to the ground.
	"You heartless piece of shit!"
	Nelson was infuriated by Jonas who was standing still, without offering to help Melinda.
	Nelson's heart ached at the sight of Melinda's plight. A wave of guilt washed over him. He felt that he too was responsible for everything she had gone through. Melinda was a wonderful woman and didn't deserve to be tortured like this.
	"I'll take care of this," Jonas said.
	He seemed unfazed by his grandfather's taunts and Yulia felt that it was necessary to stop him before he lost his mind and took adverse measures.
	"How will you handle it? Divorce Melinda and marry that woman? Don't even think about it. As long as I'm alive, I won't let you marry anyone else," Nelson bellowed.
	His face had turned red and he was out of breath. Nelson coughed and took a moment to compose himself. 'Everyone's right. I'm getting old,' he thought. His body wasn't cooperating with him anymore.
	Jonas pursed his lips and looked at Melinda. He didn't want to say anything and annoy Nelson. Melinda had created a rift between him and his grandfather. The thought of it made him hate her even more.
	"Grandpa, please calm down. You need to take care of your health. He didn't mean to hurt Melinda. Don't worry, I'll take good care of her from now on," Yulia said.
	"I get it, but how could he not care about his wife? He has a handsome face but no brain. How could he turn a blind eye to what's happening?" Nelson said indignantly.
	Jonas felt that his grandfather's anger was slowly receding, so he breathed a sigh of relief.
	"It's okay, Melinda. You know my brother. He acts crazy at times. Stop worrying. Forget everything and take care of yourself. I'm sure you'll recover soon."
	Yulia walked to Melinda's bed and smiled softly. But Melinda didn't bother to look at her.
	"Rest well, my child. Don't worry, no one dares to bully you as long as I'm here. Sleep peacefully."
	Nelson smiled sympathetically. He instructed Yulia to attend to Melinda. After all, the Gu family owed everything to her.
	"Grandpa, stop worrying about me. I'll be fine. But tell me something, you won't try to change my mind and make decisions for me, will you?" Melinda asked.
	Nelson looked at her pale face. She was weaker than before. He wanted to stop her and make her understand. But he didn't have the heart to impose his decisions on her. He needed to wait for the right time to talk to her about it. He rubbed his face and sighed loudly.
	"My child, I don't understand. You two have been together for many years. Why are you..." Nelson trailed off and shook his head. He was confused. He did not know what was going on between Melinda and Jonas.
	Melinda didn't respond. She closed her eyes and sighed. He was right. Despite living with Jonas for many years, she still couldn't have a place in his heart.
	Nelson was utterly exhausted. The drama had taken a toll on his mind and body. Therefore, he decided to go back to his room and rest.
	"Melinda, I think I was wrong about you," Jonas finally said. Melinda had surprised him. He felt that she had either changed a lot or he had misjudged her. She was strong, feisty, and smart, completely opposite to the person he had known all these years.
	"Well, I think Grandpa is right. You really are blind." Melinda chuckled. Yulia felt the same too. Although she was weak, Melinda still looked aggressive. Yulia was shocked to see the change in her.
	Jonas was lost for words. He looked at Melinda and turned to leave but stopped when he heard her voice. "Jonas, this is the last straw. I cannot handle this anymore. I think divorce is the best option for us."
	Although Melinda sounded casual, she was a bit reluctant to take the big step. She had devoted her life to the Gu family for many years. But she had nowhere else to go if she divorced Jonas. Her entire life would change if she left him, and she didn't know if she had the strength to face the obstacles. She just wanted to escape from everything, everyone, and find her own peace.
	"You'll know you are not the organizer of this game, Melinda," Jonas said coldly and left without waiting for her reply.
	Melinda sat still and watched him leave.
	"Don't think that you're smart enough to fool my brother. I've never seen anyone as shameless as you are. God, what are you? You might have threatened my brother and won Grandpa's heart. But don't think that you can fool them forever," Yulia grunted. Nelson was paying attention to Melinda while he completely ignored her. Yulia couldn't help but feel jealous of her.
	"Yulia, I remember that you've promised Grandpa to take care of me. Well, I'm thirsty. I want you to bring water. Oh, don't forget to bring a straw or spoon, I cannot get up and drink. You'll have to feed me."
	Yulia said something but Melinda closed her eyes and ignored her. Melinda was exhausted and was not in the mood to argue with her.
	"You..." Yulia stomped her foot and opened her mouth to say something, but Melinda fluttered her eyes open. A shiver ran through Yulia's spine when she saw the coldness in her eyes. She remembered how ruthless Melinda had been to her.
	So she walked out without complaining. In the next few days, Yulia was pretending to take good care of Melinda in front of everyone. Whenever she tried to rest, Melinda would deliberately order her to do something.
	"Miss Yulia, this is the lunch for Mrs. Gu." The nanny put Melinda's lunch on the table and instructed Yulia to take care of Melinda. Melinda was deeply wounded and the doctor had prescribed a special recipe for her.
	Nelson didn't trust Yulia and had hired a nanny to take special care of Melinda.
	"Bitch, how dare you order me?" Yulia slapped the nanny and threw the plate on the ground.
	"Miss Yulia, I..." Before the nanny finished her words, Yulia stepped forward and threatened her, "Know who you're talking to. I'm a member of the Gu family and she isn't going to be Mrs. Gu forever. Do you fucking understand?
	Tidy this place. Remember, you were responsible for this." Yulia patted the nanny on the shoulder and left. The nanny looked at the mess on the floor and her eyes glistened with tears.
	It was past lunchtime and the nanny walked into Melinda's room with food. Her face was swollen and her eyes were puffy. Melinda had heard the commotion downstairs but had ignored it. Now she understood what had happened and became furious when she saw the nanny's face.
	"Did she hit you?" Melinda asked. She knew the answer even before the nanny responded. She knew that the nanny was innocent and Yulia must have done this to her.
	"You don't have to take care of me or put up with her. You can leave tonight. I'll deal with her and make sure she doesn't bother you anymore," Melinda said. The nanny smiled gratefully and left.
	With the nanny gone, the burden of taking care of Melinda fell on Yulia's shoulders.
	"I've almost recovered. You don't have to hire anyone to take care of me," Melinda said, smirking at Yulia.
Chapter 9 Indulgence
	"Why don't you want to arrange someone else? Should I not look after you?"
	Yulia's face had turned red with rage. Melinda treated her like a servant, and now she was helping a servant to defeat her. What else was she capable of doing?
	"You are doing all this only to win grandfather's heart. Moreover, you said that yourself. They're your words, not mine. I'm still young and I can take care of myself. I'd rather die, than get help from you." Melinda's words annoyed Yulia and she was shaking with fury. She couldn't suppress her anger anymore.
	"Shame on you, Melinda!" Yulia bellowed.
	She quickly shut her mouth when she realized what she had done. Her good reputation that she had worked hard to build would crumble in an instant, if her grandfather found out that she had fought with Melinda. Yulia felt that Melinda had provoked her on purpose.
	Melinda glanced at Yulia who was staring at her with undisguised hatred.
	"Well, that's your problem. I'm not ashamed of myself. Don't you dare yell at me again! I'm not a cripple. I can take care of myself," Melinda said.
	Yulia glared at her before she turned her heels and walked away. She didn't want to argue with her anymore.
	Melinda had a peaceful stay at the Gu's mansion as Yulia was in her limits. It had been a couple of days since she had seen Jonas. Although Melinda was a bit disappointed, she was more determined than ever to divorce him.
	It was dinner time. Melinda had been staying in the room all day, so she decided to go down for dinner. Nelson was there and he praised Yulia for taking care of Melinda.
	"Grandpa, I'm sorry for making you worry about me." Melinda smiled apologetically. In the entire Gu family, it was only Nelson who genuinely cared for her.
	"Silly girl, we're family and you're like my granddaughter. You don't have to apologize for anything," Nelson said, as if his words had a hidden meaning. Melinda was smart enough to grasp it, so she just smiled without uttering a word.
	Jonas was a stubborn man. He wouldn't change his mind easily even if Nelson tried to restrain him.
	No one dared to say anything about Melinda as Nelson was around. But Jonas refused to come back and have dinner with his family. Nelson lamented about it for a long time and finally went back to his room after dinner.
	"You know what? I admire you for having the courage to stay back after what has happened. You've somehow managed to stop my brother from coming home. He has gone shopping with Emily,"
	Since Nelson had gone back to his room, Yulia tried provoking her. But Melinda shrugged casually and looked at her. "So, you agree that your brother is a cheater?"
	"My brother and Emily are meant to be together. You are the shameless bitch that has come to ruin his life.
	You and my brother have been married for five years. Have you guys ever gone shopping together? No, because my brother fucking hates you. Even the wedding ring was customized by my grandfather. Melinda, you are just a pathetic woman. So stop sassing around," Yulia said, smirking at her. She was trying to provoke her but Melinda was unfazed by her hurtful words.
	If Yulia had said the same thing a couple of years ago, Melinda would have been heartbroken. But now, she had made up her mind to divorce Jonas. She didn't care about what Jonas did or who he was with.
	"Look, I don't care about what your brother is up to. Whether you like me or not, I'm still your sister-in-law and you've gotten no choice but to respect me. Moreover, everyone knows that you're the illegitimate child and no one gives a shit about what you say. Yulia, I've warned you to stay away from me. Stop embarrassing yourself." Melinda patted Yulia's head and went upstairs.
	Despite Melinda's calm tone, Yulia couldn't help but shudder at her words.
	Yulia's eyes followed Melinda as she walked to her room. Once Melinda was out of sight, Yulia cursed her under her breath. She couldn't stand her.
	But Melinda had underestimated Yulia. She had thought that Yulia wouldn't do anything about it.
	Not long after Melinda went upstairs, there was a tumultuous uproar from the hall downstairs. Melinda frowned. She quickly slipped her coat on her shoulders and went down.
	Many people had gathered in the hall. Almost all the servants were present. Yulia was standing in the middle of the crowd as her fiery eyes stared at one of the servants.
	"Tell me, where did you hide my bracelet? Do you know how expensive it is?" Yulia roared. Melinda knitted her eyebrows and stepped forward to see who she was talking to. It was the nanny. She was shaking her head fiercely as tears streamed down her face.
	"What happened?" Melinda asked but no one answered her.
	Melinda had no authority in the family, so her presence made no difference.
	But the butler walked up to her and said, "Miss Yulia's bracelet was lost. She says that the nanny has taken it."
	"Is there any evidence to prove that the nanny has taken her bracelet?" Melinda asked. The butler shook his head. Although there was no evidence to support Yulia's statement, the servants wouldn't dare to speak against her. Moreover, Jonas wasn't home and Yulia had used his absence to her favor.
	"Grandpa has gone to bed. You can ask Gavin to search for the bracelet later." Melinda was worried that Nelson would be disturbed by the commotion.
	"You don't have to pretend like you care. I know that the nanny works for you. If I don't deal with her now, you'll send her off tomorrow. How will I find my bracelet?" Yulia muttered.
	The servants knew that Melinda and Yulia's never ending fight, so they weren't surprised to see them glare at each other.
	"Mrs. Gu, I didn't take it," the nanny said. Melinda had always been kind to her and the nanny felt guilty as Melinda had to listen to Yulia's accusations because of her.
	"If you didn't take it, then did my bracelet just disappear? No one has walked into my room other than you."
	Yulia was stating the fact. She and the nanny had been taking care of Melinda and the nanny had walked into her room many times.
	"Gavin, what happened?" Jonas asked as he walked in. Melinda frowned when she heard his voice and went back to her room.
	The servants quickly dispersed when they saw Jonas. Yulia explained everything to him as she exaggerated the parts that made it seem like Melinda was behind all of this.
	"Gavin, investigate this matter and see where her bracelet is," Jonas instructed.
	Yulia remained quiet as she cast a nasty look at the nanny.
	The nanny was tired of the repeated humiliation and despised Yulia.
	Jonas rubbed his eyebrows. He had been leaving home early and returning late to avoid Melinda. His work was draining all his energy and Emily had been testing his patience. She had become clingy and whiny, which annoyed Jonas. His life was completely messed up.
	Although Jonas liked Emily and hated Melinda for marrying him for his wealth, he couldn't sign the divorce papers.
	He was irritated by the expectant look on Melinda's face. He wasn't ready to divorce her yet.
	The bustling hall finally became silent. The crystal chandelier was emitting a soft glow on Jonas's face, which made him look mysterious.
	Jonas slumped on the sofa but quickly jumped up when he felt something hard poke his back. He knitted his eyebrows and looked at the crook of the sofa. He saw something shiny.
	He bent forward and took a close look at it. It was a bracelet.
	Jonas rolled his eyes, picked the bracelet, and went to Yulia's room. The room was empty as Yulia had gone partying. She was depressed and needed some distraction.
	Jonas placed the bracelet on Yulia's dressing table and walked out.
	The next day, the butler began to search for the bracelet everywhere. When he went to Yulia's room he found a bracelet lying on the dressing table.
	Yulia gritted her teeth. The vein on her forehead popped out.
	"You fucking scumbag! You've secretly put the bracelet back on my dresser, haven't you?" Yulia asked, pointing her finger at the nanny.
	The nanny was glad to have escaped from the blame, but she was shocked to see Yulia accusing her again.
	"Miss Yulia, I neither took your bracelet nor secretly placed it back on your dresser." The nanny had lost her patience this time.
	Melinda blew out a loud breath. She thought that Yulia would put an end to this matter after finding the bracelet, but she was going in circles. Yulia didn't want others to think that she had accused an innocent woman. Therefore, she tried to plot a scene and blame everything on the nanny.
	"Bitch, stop lying. Was it your idea or has someone asked you to do it?" Yulia asked
	Everyone turned to look at Melinda who was leaning against the wall with a small smile on her face.
	Melinda's nonchalance enraged Yulia. The nanny was sick of Yulia's
	behavior. She had put up with all the humiliation only because Melinda had been kind to her. But she wasn't ready to endure her torture anymore. So she quickly stepped forward and pushed Yulia away.
	Everyone gasped in shock. They were stunned to see the change in the nanny's attitude. The nanny slapped Yulia until she was satisfied.
	Melinda's face broke into a happy grin as she watched the nanny beat Melinda. She didn't try stopping her. She couldn't help but feel proud of the nanny.
	"Who the fuck do you think you are? You are just the illegitimate daughter of the Gu family. I don't have to listen to you anymore. I won't serve you anymore because I fucking quit," the nanny growled in anger and stormed out of the hall.
	Melinda smiled at the nanny and secretly gave her a thumbs up.
	Yulia was seething with rage. She turned her head to look at Melinda. "You are responsible for all this. It was you who instigated her to steal my bracelet and now you've ordered her to beat me up. What else are you going to do? You fucking bitch!"
	Yulia always became furious when someone called her the daughter of the mistress or an illegitimate child.
	She threw a string of expletives at Melinda. Everyone was staring at her with shock but she didn't care. Her mind was clouded with rage and she wanted to hurt Melinda.
	"Stop it, Yulia. She didn't steal your bracelet. It was in the sofa and I put it back on your dresser last night," Jonas snapped. It was weekend and Jonas wanted to get a good rest. But Yulia had created a scene early in the morning and woken him up.
	"Jonas..." Yulia trailed off as her cheeks flustered with embarrassment. She didn't know what to say.
	'Ugh, you're incredibly stupid!'
	Melinda rolled her eyes and went back to her room.
Chapter 10 Concussion
	Jonas narrowed his eyes and looked at Melinda who was leaving for her room. Part of him felt that things had changed between them. There was no difference from how things were before, but his heart told him that something was going on. He couldn't figure out what was happening.
	But he had a strong feeling that Melinda had become more cunning. He had to be careful with her. After casting a glance at Yulia, Jonas turned around, and left the hall. He had promised Emily that he would help her pick the right outfit.
	Melinda had been resting well for the past few days. She felt a fresh burst of strength surge through her veins. She went back to her room, put on a coat, and went to the garden. Then she saw the nanny, who had packed her things, preparing to leave. Her eyes widened with shock.
	"Are you really going to leave?"
	Melinda thought that the nanny had talked about quitting only because she was angry. She didn't expect it to be true. After all, the Gu's mansion paid a hefty salary. No one would have the heart to leave a job that paid them well.
	"Yeah. That crazy woman wouldn't let me work in peace. I cannot stand her accusations," the nanny said.
	Melinda felt that the nanny was a righteous woman. It was reasonable for her to quit the job. Yulia was a vindictive woman who made others suffer.
	"I understand, but not everyone's like her.
	I can ask the butler to arrange a better job for you in the mansion. All you've gotten to do is just keep your distance from Yulia." Melinda tried persuading the nanny, but she was determined to leave.
	"It's alright, she is a maniac. If I continue to work here, I'm sure she will find a way to turn my life into hell." Then the nanny turned to look at Melinda and held her hands. "Mrs. Gu, you're a good person. I can't imagine how you've been tolerating her all these years. I was also weak in the beginning, afraid of talking back. But then I realized that nothing is more important than self-respect. Sometimes we've gotten to place ourselves above others. If we don't stand up for ourselves, then who will?"
	The nanny smiled. Melinda could understand her feelings. She had been incredibly naive and endured Yulia's torture without uttering a word about it to anyone.
	It had taken all these years for Melinda to understand her worth. She didn't deserve any of this and finally got the courage to divorce Jonas.
	"I'm sorry, everything is my fault. Yulia was mean to you only because you were taking care of me. One second." Melinda turned around and quickly went upstairs, without giving a chance for the nanny to respond. She went to her room and opened a small cabinet. Then she grabbed some money and went back to the garden.
	Melinda smiled and gave the money to the nanny. "Thank you for taking care of me. Please accept this money. Consider it as your salary for looking after me." The nanny opened her mouth to say something but Melinda cut in, "Please don't refuse it. I can manage here but I know this money is important for you."
	"Thank you." The nanny smiled gratefully. She put the money inside her pocket and left.
	Melinda was right. She needed the money to make ends meet. Moreover, the nanny had slapped Yulia. God knew whether she would go to any extent to torture the nanny even if she stopped working for the Gu family.
	"Aww, you two make the perfect master and servant duo. The love you two share is heart-warming."
	Yulia snickered. Melinda was lost in thought and had failed to notice Yulia who was standing behind her.
	She turned around to look at Yulia. The latter was glaring at her, mad at Melinda for messing up with her. She had never been humiliated before and wanted Melinda to pay for her actions.
	"Yulia, why are you like this? You always bully the weak just because they can't do anything to you. It's nothing to be proud of. Find your right opponent and defeat them. Stop going after innocent people. You're just a fucking coward!"
	Melinda felt that Yulia hadn't learned her lesson yet. She had forgotten Melinda's threat and was trying to provoke her again.
	"I'm a coward, huh? You're being ridiculous, Melinda. You think too much of yourself, don't you? Don't forget that my brother hates you and you mean nothing to the Gu family. Stop blaming me for your plight." Yulia smirked. No one was around and she didn't have to pretend like she cared for Melinda.
	"You're too funny, Yulia. I'm your sister-in-law. Don't forget that."
	Melinda arched an eyebrow and crossed her arms across her chest.
	"Don't be too arrogant, Melinda. My brother will divorce you soon. You're a cunning bitch. You don't deserve my brother," Yulia roared.
	But she was disappointed to see Melinda's reaction.
	A slow grin stretched on her lips. "That's exactly what I want."
	Yulia's eyes widened. Melinda would always become frustrated at the mention of divorce. Yulia didn't understand why she was suddenly eager to divorce Jonas. Yulia wondered what had happened to her. Was she the person she had bullied all these years?
	Yulia rubbed her eyes and looked at Melinda almost as if she wanted to make sure that she was talking to her.
	Melinda had always been weak and vulnerable. Yulia was not used to seeing her like this. Melinda's words were still ringing in her ears.
	"Do you know what you are talking about?" Yulia swallowed loudly and asked in disbelief.
	"Yulia, if you're as smart as you claim yourself to be, advise your brother to sign the divorce papers soon. I don't deserve a cheating scumbag like him. I pity your mother, Yulia. Thank God, I'm luckier. I wouldn't want to live a life like that."
	Melinda leered at Yulia who was shaking with anger. She had said those words only to provoke Yulia. She was satisfied to see the anger and frustration on her face.
	Yulia's anger was evident and she couldn't hide it anymore. Melinda had hit her weak spot and a wave of emotions gushed out of her.
	"Melinda, I will fucking break your face." Yulia raised her hand to slap her sister-in-law. But Melinda quickly stepped away. Yulia lost her balance and fell to the ground. She yelped in pain as her head collided with the parterre. She tried to get up but tripped on a stone and toppled over.
	Melinda tried to suppress her laughter. It was priceless to watch her fall down.
	"Miss Yulia, are you all right? What happened?" a servant bellowed.
	Yulia's cheeks were flaming with embarrassment. She shut her eyes and pretended to pass out. The servant's voice had drawn the butler's attention who immediately called the doctor.
	Yulia was drowning in shame. Almost everyone had seen her fall.
	Although Yulia didn't hold a special position in the Gu family, she was still Nelson's granddaughter. He had immediately arranged a car to take her to the hospital after a servant reported to him about Yulia's fall.
	Yulia's condition wasn't serious. There were only a few cuts and scrapes. The doctor had sterilized the wounds and applied a thick coat of medicine. Yulia came up with a plan when she saw Nelson in the room.
	"Doctor, I still feel dizzy and nauseated," she said, rubbing her chest.
	The doctor checked her again. The results were normal and the doctor couldn't understand why Yulia was complaining of a headache.
	"I think you have a mild concussion and the wound on your foot looks serious. I would suggest you to stay in the hospital for a few more days," the doctor said as he instructed the nurse to take her to the ward.
	Yulia was in the ward. Nelson, Gavin and a servant were taking good care of her. "Take care. I'm sure you'll recover soon," Nelson said as he stroked Yulia's hair.
	"Grandpa."
	Yulia was touched by Nelson's kindness. She seldom received such care, so she cherished every moment of it. A lone tear escaped from her eye as Nelson patted her shoulder.
	"Good girl."
	"Grandpa, I'm scared."
	Yulia was terrified of Melinda. She tried defeating her but ended up making a fool of herself.
	Melinda must have enjoyed watching her trip in front of her.
	"Don't worry. You'll get well soon. The doctor wants you to rest well. Be careful from now on," Nelson said.
	Although Nelson cared about Yulia, he knew her very well. She had always been dramatic and exaggerated everything. Yulia bowed her head and averted her gaze as a new plan cropped in her mind.
	"Grandpa, it's not true."
	Yulia lifted her head to look at Nelson. Her eyes were glistening with tears as she bit her trembling lips.
	"What's wrong? Why are you crying?"
	Nelson frowned. He had been a soldier and hated to see people cry. He felt that crying was meant for weak people. Yulia heard the change in his tone. She was afraid that he had seen through her act.
	"Grandpa, there was a misunderstanding between me and the nanny who took care of Melinda. She slapped me in front of everyone."
	Yulia was sobbing loudly. She would never forget the humiliation. She had wanted to fight back but no one was willing to stand up for her.
	Nelson's frown deepened. The nanny's actions were unacceptable but he also knew that Melinda would never hire arrogant people. Nelson looked at the butler and asked him to explain the incident.
	"Grandpa, I know I was wrong. But Melinda had crossed all her limits."
	Yulia was winking at the butler, signaling him to hide the truth. But the butler was a righteous man and told everything without altering the story.
	"I know Melinda very well. Everything is your fault, Yulia," Nelson said sternly.
	He trusted Melinda with all his heart. But he didn't know that his affection towards Melinda made Yulia hate her even more.
	"Grandpa, I'm injured because of her. Why do you always support Melinda and put me down? I'm your granddaughter, not her."
	Tears welled up in Yulia's eyes. The butler looked at Yulia and sighed sympathetically. He couldn't help but feel sorry for her. Everyone knew that Nelson adored Melinda and Yulia was struggling to earn a place in his heart.
	"I know Melinda very well. She wouldn't hurt people. I know what you're capable of as well. I'm going to check the surveillance video. It will reveal the culprit." Nelson was guilty. He felt that Melinda wouldn't have gone through any of this if he hadn't forced her to marry Jonas. Her grandson neglected her and Yulia was defaming her. He couldn't stand it anymore.
	Melinda was a wonderful person and didn't deserve to go through any of these.
Chapter 11 Like An Actor
	"Mr. Nelson, it's very late right now. Let's go back so that you can have a rest. You can come back later. Don't worry. Miss Yulia will be well taken care of by others now," said the butler. Gavin knew that Nelson was not only sympathizing with Melinda, but also a little angry so he tried to calm him down and get him out of the hospital.
	"Alright, let's go,"
	Nelson said coldly, without even glancing at Yulia. He was obviously very disappointed, and Yulia bit her lips in hesitation since she didn't know how to appease him.
	She felt very hurt and wondered how her grandfather would treat Melinda better than he treated his own granddaughter? Was it because she was the daughter of a mistress?
	Yulia hated her identity.
	Hearing that Yulia would be staying in hospital for some time, Melinda fell quiet and more agitated than before. If it weren't for her injuries and need for more time to recover, she would have moved out a long time ago.
	Nelson had always been kind to Melinda and cared about her wellbeing. After being informed of her altercation with Yulia, he apologized profusely to her and even scolded Jonas fiercely faulting him for what had happened although Jonas wasn't there.
	Jonas hadn't been home for the last three days and Nelson just kept getting angry with each passing day as he wondered where his grandson was. Melinda on the other hand was as cool as a cucumber and appeared rather relaxed. She was not bothered at all by his absence.
	"Mr. Jonas, welcome back," the old butler said gently as he bowed low with a secret smile.
	"Your grandfather has been missing you for the last few days. He must be very happy to see that you are back. Mrs. Gu is also looking forward to your return."
	'Melinda? Looking forward to my arrival? Heaven will freeze over before that woman has any feelings towards me,'
	Jonas snorted in his mind, although he didn't say anything.
	Melinda's hand paused midair, and then as if she recovered quickly and remembered her situation, she continued to eat calmly. If it were before, she would stop what she was doing and greet him enthusiastically.
	But now things were different.
	Jonas took off his suit jacket as usual, expecting someone to take care of it, but nobody held it for him. Seeing that Melinda was sitting in her place, steady as a mountain, he threw the jacket on the sofa irritably.
	"You finally remembered to come back!"
	Nelson snorted. He was throwing daggers at his grandson with his eyes, expressing his obvious disapproval and annoyance with Jonas's behavior. He looked at Melinda apologetically, only to find that she didn't even spare his grandson a glance. He was puzzled when he realized she was behaving as if Jonas was nonexistent.
	"Grandpa."
	Since Jonas had always respected his grandpa, he greeted him even though Nelson was in a bad mood and clearly expressed his displeasure with Jonas. The servant quickly added a pair of chopsticks and a bowl, while Melinda put down the chopsticks she was using and wiped her mouth gracefully.
	"I'm full, Grandpa, please enjoy your meal and have a good night."
	Smiling, Melinda stood up and left, completely ignoring Jonas. Since Jonas was in a bad mood at being treated as if he was an invisible door post, his cold voice seemed to be able to freeze people.
	"Stop."
	Melinda stopped in her tracks, but did not turn around, nor did she answer.
	"Don't you have anything to say?" Melinda was confused by his strange question. "I don't think we have anything to talk about apart from our divorce," she said with a snarky smile.
	There was a weird atmosphere in the air that made everyone else uncomfortable. Nelson didn't know what to do to ease the awkwardness, but Melinda seemed unmoved and kept calm.
	Nelson was amused by her response and ability to put Jonas in his place. He was especially amused when he saw the expression of wide-eyed shock on his grandson's face.
	"I have something urgent to deal with at the company. I'll go back to the company first."
	Then Jonas picked up his jacket from the sofa and quickly walked out of the house. He seemed to be running away. Nelson couldn't help laughing and said to the butler, "Why am I so comfortable in this weird situation?"
	In fact, Jonas had been misunderstood; he wasn't trying to find an excuse to ask to leave. The company really had an emergency. Reporters were gathered at the entrance of the company, some even hiding and squatting around the building hoping to get firsthand information.
	Despite the huge number of reporters, Jonas had his own way and within a short time he had gotten rid of the reporters. When he returned to his office, the PR manager was waiting for him with a bitter expression on his face.
	"Mr. Gu, the impact of this matter on the business is too great. We have tried our best to manage and contain the situation, but it keeps getting out of hand," the PR manager said in a trembling voice. The most difficult issue they had to deal with, was the vicious rumors and gossip that were being peddled about their CEO. They feared and didn't know how he would handle it.
	"If you are putting in so much effort, then why do our stock prices keep plummeting?"
	Jonas narrowed his eyes and turned his head giving everyone a rigid, cold, burning hard stare. When he spoke, his voice was as cold as icicles and everyone felt a cold chill travel down their spines. When the PR manager heard Jonas's words, he took a big gulp of air and swallowed what he wanted to say.
	Making up an excuse in front of this devil was the perfect way to have a fast death.
	"Mr. Gu, Miss Holley is here to see you," the secretary told Jonas, looking annoyed and distracted.
	He was annoyed by Holley's behavior. She was like a fly that kept buzzing around and difficult to get rid of.
	"Tell her that I don't want to see her."
	Jonas immediately refused to see her without even thinking twice about it. It was because of Holley's actions that nasty rumors had been spreading, which put the company in the situation they currently were in. It was all because a shameless reporter had witnessed Holley dragging him to the hotel and wrote an unsubstantiated article about their relationship. Holley's studio was also not being helpful by milking the publicity and hyping the whole issue to their advantage.
	Jonas was a married man and the public would judge him harshly. The company's image was affected badly by this incident. The public relations crisis and the stock market decline in prices greatly annoyed Jonas.
	"She said there was something important she wanted to discuss with..." The secretary summoned up the courage to continue his statement, not wanting to get into trouble. However, before he could finish delivering his message, Jonas threw a cold glance at him, essentially shutting him up. He shrank his neck, turned around silently and pretended to concentrate on work.
	"Take care of this. I don't want to see any more paparazzi crouching in front of the company tomorrow morning." Obviously, this was meant for the PR manager. A flash of annoyance crossed his face before he remembered where he was and fixed his facial expression. Then he left in a hurry before he was added more tasks.
	The only thing he could do now was to contact the staff of Holley's studio. It was laughable and ridiculous that an unknown model had persistently followed the leading star and now was in charge of managing a studio.
	Holley's experience clearly showed that one could get anywhere and be successful as long as they knew the right person.
	Holley finally found Jonas's phone number by luck. She persistently kept calling him trying to see if she could get an appointment with him. To further take advantage of the free publicity that she was getting, she figured that it would be best if she took more photos to keep the public talking.
	"Holley, you are very brave. How dare you take advantage of the rumors that are being spread about me?"
	Jonas asked sarcastically, with a cold smile on his face.
	"Jonas, what's wrong with you? You weren't so cold to me that day!"
	Holley sounded like an innocent child who was very distraught over everything and was naive. However, anyone who knew her could instantly tell that she was a stunner and a vixen who was in total control of any situation.
	"You are recording our conversation, right?" Jonas was very smart and knew all about the tricks that ambitious stars used to get publicity. A cold smile hung on his lips indicating his opinion on such low antics. A look of regret appeared on Holley's delicate face because she had actually been found out. She had been recording their conversation.
	After Jonas hung up the phone, the PR manager came to his office again holding an iPad with trembling hands. A new article had just appeared online again.
	The contents in the article, coupled with the recent gossip that had been spreading at a rapid speed, classified Jonas as the scam of the century.
	"Mr. Gu, I think our solution has been made easier, it's like a piece of cake. According to the implications in this article, if you and Mrs. Gu show that you love and are dedicated to each other, you can turn back the whole narrative, and then our crisis will be over," said the manager with a wide grin like a Cheshire cat.
	That was the best option he could think of for the time being. Rumor had it that the CEO's wife had been injured but Mr. Gu hadn't been home for the last three days since the day his wife was injured. Any man who had done this would not have gotten away with it, they would be in the dog house for eternity.
	"You want us to give a public display of affection?"
	The slight crescendo at the end of the question was a clear indication of his disbelief and dissatisfaction with the suggestion. His love with Melinda was nothing more but a fantasy.
	The PR manager was aware of their situation. A thin sliver of sweat trickled down his back. The perspiration soaked through his shirt leaving a heavy dark patch as it announced his fear. He wiped the sweat on his forehead and said, "This will just be acting. As long as you put on a good show and prove that you are still in love with each other in public, everything will be okay."
	Meanwhile, the PR manager thought in his mind, 'Mr. Gu, we all know you and Mrs. Gu don't love each other. But you don't have to be like this, at least try and pretend. I feel sorry for Mrs. Gu.'
	"Do I look like an actor?" Jonas asked with a sneer.
	The PR manager shook his head in panic, seeing his well thought out plan going down the drain. In the meanwhile, he couldn't help thinking in his mind that Jonas might not have the acting skills, but he did look like an actor because he was handsome. With such a combination, he could get away with anything.
	"So, forget your stupid idea."
	Jonas returned the iPad to the manager.
	He knew that many of his employees felt pity for Melinda, but this was what she deserved.
	Jonas was in a bad mood, which was directly reflected in his efficiency and the amount of work he had done that afternoon, which was zilch. Looking at the pile of documents that still required his attention, he instantly felt a wave of tiredness. He pressed the bridge of his nose while trying to gently massage the center of his eyebrows in an attempt to ease off the stress building up.
	Right at that moment, the phone rang. As Jonas saw the caller ID, his stiff face softened significantly.
	"Emily."
	"Jonas, are you free tonight? Let's have dinner together. I saw a famous French restaurant on the Internet and I am sure you'll love it," Emily said in a gentle and soft voice, as if she was acting coquettishly.
	"Emily, I'm afraid I can't make it tonight, may be next time. Can we take a rain check?"
	Jonas wanted to say yes, but considering the mess he was in, he decided not to drag Emily through the mess.
	Emily could not hide her disappointment, but she still said in a playful manner, "Okay, but you have to compensate me with two meals."
	"No problem." There was a rare touch of softness in Jonas's tone, and a confident smile appeared on the corner of Emily's mouth. She knew that he loved her and doted on her very much.
	Tired of pretending that he was working when he knew that he was in no position to be productive anymore, Jonas quickly packed up his office and took the special passage to the underground parking lot. As soon as he drove out of the garage, a minivan discreetly followed him from a distance.
	Through the rear-view mirror, Jonas spotted the minivan tailing after him, and tried several times to shake them off, but failed. So he decided to turn the car around and drive to the Gu's mansion.
	It was difficult for journalists to get into the block where the mansion was located. But some of them were very persistent and came up with creative ways of getting information.
	"Mr. Jonas, your grandfather is already aware of the scandal," the old butler reminded him in a low voice as soon as Jonas got home. It was because he wanted to warn Jonas to be prepared of the old man's wrath. When Nelson heard about the matter this afternoon, he lost his temper at once. He only calmed down after Melinda had talked to him and persuaded him to mind his health.
	"Got it."
	Jonas knew very well that the butler was not only warning him, but also informing him his grandfather was waiting for him in the study. He walked to the door of the study, knocked three times and then pushed the door open.
	"Grandpa," Jonas called him in a low voice, breezing into the study in his usually calm manner as if nothing had happened. His demeanor infuriated Nelson.
	"Look at the kind of person you have turned into. Your wife is still waiting for you at home, while you are fooling around with another woman. You are a real jerk!" Nelson held his walking stick in an attempt to hit Jonas, but he managed to hold back his anger.
	"Tomorrow, Melinda is going to the hospital for a surgery. Go and accompany her. Don't disobey my order, she is still your wife. Besides, it's good to maintain a good image in the face of a storm."
	Nelson knocked on the ground with his walking stick as he spoke slowly.
Chapter 12 Not Her Mr. Right
	It was his grandfather's decision. Jonas trusted his grandfather, so he didn't dare to oppose it anymore.
	Melinda had been recuperating from her injuries. Since her wounds were severe, the doctor suggested her to undergo a minor surgery. So Melinda was shifted to the hospital at night and Jonas had accompanied her.
	The reporters were fast enough to capture pictures of Jonas and Melinda in the hospital. They had received the information about Melinda's surgery and had been following them all night in order to take pictures at the right time. Since pictures spoke a thousand words, the news about the couple spread like a wildfire.
	While there were people who questioned their relationship, many of them believed that Jonas was a doting husband who cared for his wife. They believed that he was still in love with Melinda.
	Nelson was glad to see Jonas taking care of her. Melinda was shocked by his behavior. Jonas wouldn't care even if it was a risky surgery. She couldn't help but wonder why Jonas was willing to be by her side when it was nothing big.
	Melinda stole glances from time to time, which irked Jonas. If not for his grandfather, he wouldn't have bothered coming to the hospital.
	Holley was sipping on a glass of wine when she saw the news gushing about Jonas and Melinda. Many of them had reported that Jonas was a loving husband and that Jonas and Melinda were couple goals. Holley became furious and smashed the glass that she was holding in her hand. She needed to do something about it, or Jonas and Melinda would end up being the talk of the town. She picked her phone and sent an anonymous email to the entertainment department. She had attached an intimate picture of her and Jonas in the mail.
	Keeping Melinda's privacy in mind, the doctors had allocated a VIP ward for her. Her family members were also given separate beds to rest. Jonas's expression instantly changed when the door was closed.
	"Don't think that I'm staying here because I worry about you. I don't give a damn even if you die," Jonas said coldly.
	He instantly felt uncomfortable because part of him knew that he didn't mean it. He couldn't understand what was going on.
	"Don't worry, I know that I don't have a place in your heart. I'm not flattered," Melinda replied.
	Jonas glanced at her and said nothing.
	It was a long day and Melinda was exhausted.
	For the first few years of her marriage, she tried hard to stay up when Jonas was at home, but now she could ignore her indifferent husband. Her eyes became heavy and she drifted into a deep sleep.
	Jonas had been busy lately so he closed his eyes to get some rest. He didn't know that he had fallen asleep until his phone blared in his pocket. He slowly opened his eyes and attended the call.
	"Mr. Gu, check out the latest entertainment news."
	Although the secretary was calm, Jonas could sense a trace of fear in his voice. The secretary was shocked by the news and felt that he needed to inform Jonas about it.
	The secretary sent the link of the news via wechat. A frown lined on Jonas's forehead. When he clicked the link, it led him to a new page that revealed an intimate picture of him and Holley. The comment section was flooding with hate comments.
	The image of a doting husband that he had tried hard to build crumbled in an instant.
	He pursed his lips and skimmed through the comments for a long time before he turned to look at Melinda who was fast asleep.
	Melinda was already thin and she was looking scrawny in the oversized hospital gown. She shifted in her sleep and her frail arm fell out of the quilt. Jonas involuntarily walked over, pulled her arm inside, and tucked her in.
	Jonas asked his secretary to arrange a press conference and left the ward quietly. The image of him tucking Melinda in flashed in his mind. He didn't know why he did that. Jonas couldn't understand what he was feeling. He had been acting weird lately.
	The reporters had managed to capture the pictures of Jonas leaving the hospital, early in the morning. They had slandered his reputation, turning him from being a loving husband to a ruthless cheater.
	The secretary had contacted the PR manager, arranged a press conference and notified several familiar media houses.
	The sleepy reporters were woken up by the phone calls. They were eagerly waiting to hear what Jonas was going to say. But many of them were disappointed because they needed an invite to enter the Soaring Group, which meant only trustworthy media houses were allowed to attend the conference.
	"Mr. Gu, everything is ready. The press conference will commence at half past ten," the secretary said. He also briefed Jonas about his schedule.
	"All right. I want you to wait by the entrance and keep an eye on the reporters. Don't let anyone enter without the invite. I don't want any anonymous reporter to walk in. Do you get it?" Jonas ordered. The media looked for every possible way to find juicy gossips. It was possible for some of the channels to sneak people into the conference and ask questions that were capable of ruining his reputation.
	"Yes, Mr. Gu. I've already prepared a list of possible questions. So don't worry."
	The secretary handed a document to Jonas that had all the possible questions that the reporters might ask him. He had also mentioned in detail about how Jonas needed to address the questions, even though he didn't need it. Jonas was quick-witted and he always had spontaneous answers to even the trickiest question.
	It was 10:30 in the morning and the reporters were waiting for him. Jonas arrived on time and surveyed the conference hall. Everything was arranged and the secretary had instructed the reporters to maintain their dignity and decorum.
	The reporters were throwing questions at Jonas but were left speechless by his sophisticated answers.
	"Mr. Gu, what do you have to say about your affair with Holley and the intimate photo of you two last night? You are a married man. How do you think your wife would react when she finds out that you are having an affair with Holley?" a reporter asked sharply, looking pleased with himself.
	The secretary's eyes widened with shock. The reporter was perhaps uninvited and he had failed to notice it because the reporters he had arranged wouldn't ask such delicate questions.
	"Holley and I have got nothing to do with each other. She has her life and I have mine. I'm sure you all know how the entertainment industry works. I don't have to tell you about it. There are people who resort to cheap techniques to increase their viewership. I don't know who is behind all this, but I just want to tell one thing. What you see isn't always true."
	The reporter's face turned red. He was shocked by Jonas's blunt answers. He thought that powerful men feared reporters' pen, but Jonas seemed unfazed by his questions.
	"The technical staffs have proven that the photos were not morphed. Moreover, I feel that you're deviating the topic to avoid answering my question," the reporter said.
	"It's just an imagery illusion created by the camera angle." Jonas shrugged nonchalantly.
	Jonas had effortlessly answered all the questions. No matter what they tried, the reporters couldn't pull any information that could work to their advantage. Therefore, the press conference had come to an abrupt end. The reporters were disappointed and decided to interview Holley.
	She neither accepted nor denied their relationship; rather, she gave some ambiguous answers. The reporters were glad because they could spin their own story based on their interpretation.
	"Jonas, I'm really sorry. I didn't know that the company would take photos. What do I do now?" Holley whined.
	The damage was already done and Jonas didn't seem to care about it. Holley was rambling over the phone so as to not give him the benefit of doubt. But Jonas was not in the mood to talk with her so he disconnected the call.
	Ever since the previous incident, Nelson had been paying more attention to the entertainment news than the financial news. Therefore, he was quick to find out about the gossip. He was mad at Jonas for constantly disappointing him. He asked Jonas to deal the matter with dignity and warned him to behave well.
	Melinda's surgery was scheduled for the next day. Jonas obeyed his grandfather and arrived at the hospital on time. Anger rose from the pit of his stomach when he saw Kent waiting outside Melinda's ward.
	"Mr. Jiang, don't you have anything else to do?"
	Jonas sneered. He hated the mere sight of Kent. He still remembered how kind Melinda had been to him.
	Kent and Jonas were poles apart. Kent was a kind man with gentle features. He was cordial and made everyone feel at ease. Whereas, Jonas was intimidating and unapproachable.
	"Mr. Gu, Melinda is hospitalized and is going to have a surgery. I'm her friend. I've come to see if she's doing okay." Kent smiled. He was aware of what Melinda had gone through over the past few years. He couldn't help but feel sorry for her.
	"Well, you seem to have a good relationship with her," Jonas said bitterly.
	Kent frowned at Jonas's remark. He disliked Jonas's attitude. Jonas had always been arrogant and rude. It had taken all these years for Melinda to make up her mind to leave him. But Jonas was giving her a hard time.
	A couple of minutes later, Emily walked in. Nelson was infuriated by her arrival.
	"It's a minor surgery. There is no need for many people to wait. Jonas will stay back. You guys can leave," he ordered.
	Nelson felt that it was inappropriate for Kent and Emily to stay here. He was particularly worried about Emily who looked like she had come with a plan.
	Emily was disappointed and looked at Jonas.
	But Jonas was having a tough time. He already frustrated and ignored her.
	When the surgery was over, Jonas was waiting outside the operation theater. A couple of minutes later, the nurse wheeled Melinda back into the ward. Melinda was still under anesthesia. It would take a couple more days for her to fully recover.
	During her stay in the hospital, Melinda was almost isolated from the outside world. She didn't know what was going on. Melinda felt an unusual happiness to be in her own world. Every evening, she would happily watch a drama on the television.
	"You've finally gotten the chance to do what your peers do."
	Kent walked in with a bouquet of baby's breath. He couldn't help but smile at Melinda. It was rare to see her happy. Melinda turned to look at him. "Do you mean to say that I should lie on the bed all day long?" she asked quizzically.
	"You know exactly what I mean. Don't twist my words," Kent said. After the surgery, Kent made it a point to visit Melinda every day. Melinda's ward was filled with bouquets of baby's breath because Kent brought one every day.
	"Kent, why are you bringing these flowers every day?" Melinda smiled. Baby's breath was her favorite flower. She felt that they smelled of hopes and possibilities. The scent of baby's breath would always lift her mood.
	"Because you like it," Kent said, shrugging casually.
	Melinda averted her gaze. There was an awkward silence. Kent's heart was drumming in his chest.
	He bit the inside of his cheek and finally broke the silence. "Melinda, I remember how happy you were. Your entire face glows when you smile. I haven't seen you genuinely smile out of joy after you got married to Jonas. I miss the twinkle in your eyes." Melinda's smile was only a hazy memory because Kent hadn't seen her smile in the last few years.
	There were only bitterness and pain in her bright eyes. He missed the lively girl Melinda once used to be.
	"Melinda, you don't deserve to be with a man like Jonas. I really like you and I think you should divorce him as soon as possible."
Chapter 13 Pretend To Be In Love
	Kent's words were ringing in Melinda's ears. Her life had entirely changed after getting married to Jonas. Her love, happiness, joy, and fears had disappeared in these five years. She had turned completely numb.
	She was once naive enough to believe that Jonas was the one for her.
	But reality had hit her hard to the core, waking her from the happy bubble she was in.
	Melinda tried remembering the love she had for Jonas but she could only recall the days where she had cried herself to sleep.
	"Mrs. Gu, it's time to take your medicines," the nurse said, snapping Melinda from the reverie. She smiled sheepishly and took the medicine.
	"When will I be discharged?"
	"Your body is responding well. You're much better now. But you still need to ask the doctor about it."
	Melinda felt that she had recovered. There were a lot of things that she needed to attend to. She felt that she could rest at home. It was mentally draining to stay in the hospital all day long.
	Nelson visited her from time to time. When Melinda had fully recovered and was ready to go back home, Nelson had come to pick her up.
	"Grandpa, why did you come all the way? You could have sent one of the servants."
	Melinda was touched by Nelson's sweet gesture. He was old and didn't have to pick her up, but he had always been fond of Melinda and showered her with love. He was the only person Melinda was loath to part with in the Gu family.
	"You're my sweet granddaughter-in-law and I've come to take you home. Are you ready to leave?" Nelson patted her head and smiled. He had personally come to pick her up because he wanted everyone to know how much he cared for her.
	Melinda wanted to go back to her place but Nelson had changed her plan. She couldn't disagree with him, so she left for the Gu's mansion.
	"Before you go back to your room, can you pop into the study for a minute?" Nelson asked when they were home.
	The servant grabbed Melinda's belongings and carried it to her room. Melinda nodded and followed Nelson. The furnishing, painting, and lighting of the study emanated an ancient aura.
	"Grandpa, is there anything you want to tell me?" Melinda asked, breaking the silence.
	Nelson closed his eyes and sighed, "My child, I was responsible for your marriage. It was I who asked you to marry Jonas so that you could live happily with him. But I didn't expect our family would be responsible for your pain and suffering. The guilt is consuming me every day." He smiled sadly.
	"Grandpa, it's not your fault. You are the only comfort in this lonely house. You've always been kind to me."
	Melinda held Nelson's hands and smiled. Her eyes were sparkling with sincerity and Nelson knew that the words were straight from her heart.
	"I'm being a selfish man again. I wanted to ask if you could help Jonas," Nelson said hopefully.
	He had let go of his ego and pride many times because of Jonas. Moreover, he was seeking help from Melinda. She was like his own granddaughter and he wasn't ashamed about it. He would do anything for his grandson.
	"You want me to help Jonas?" Melinda asked in disbelief.
	Jonas was a powerful man and she was a common girl. Jonas could get away with any problem and Melinda wondered what Nelson wanted her to do.
	Nelson was proud to have a grandson like Jonas, but the recent events were distressing. He couldn't help but worry about his grandson's reputation. Nelson sighed and explained everything to Melinda.
	Melinda knitted her eyebrows and listened intently. Once Nelson finished talking, Melinda plopped on a chair, and blew out a loud breath. "Grandpa, even if I agree to help him, I don't think Jonas will be okay with it."
	Melinda was sure that Jonas would refuse to accept her help. But her thoughts wandered to how he had been behaving lately. She wasn't sure about it anymore.
	"Well, if you're ready to help him, I will take care of everything else."
	Nelson was happy that Melinda had immediately agreed without any persuasion. He always knew that she was a good girl. Unfortunately, his grandson failed to see her good heart.
	"Okay, I don't mind helping him if Jonas doesn't have a problem with it."
	Melinda smiled. This wasn't new to her. She had spent the last five years, putting on a happy face, pretending to be in a happy marriage when she was dying inside. But it was a little awkward to pose like a happy couple after breaking up with him.
	That evening, Jonas sent a bunch of flowers along with an apology note for not picking her from the hospital. Melinda didn't know what had caused the sudden change in him. But she had a feeling that Nelson was behind all this.
	Melinda turned to look at Jonas. His cold eyes were staring at her. She couldn't help but rethink her decision.
	"All right, Jonas has the day off tomorrow. I think you two should go dating."
	Nelson smiled. He was happy to see them get along well.
	"Okay."
	"Okay."
	Both of them agreed. Dating wasn't a special occasion for them. It was just an act to make people believe that they were still in love. So neither of them were excited about it.
	Nelson was worried that the two of them would part ways, so he had planned everything accordingly. The two of them wouldn't have a choice but to stick around with each other.
	They watched an opera first, followed by an exquisite lunch at a posh hotel. Then they went to a sporting club in the evening before having a romantic dinner, at which Jonas gave Melinda a present. Later, they went to a movie.
	The paparazzi followed them everywhere and the cameras were constantly flashing at them. The entertainment column was filled with the news about their date.
	The PR department of Soaring Group had done a commendable job. Once the news was over, they roped in a new segment that telecasted public opinion about them. People adored the couple and were expressing their love for them.
	Melinda's cheeks began to hurt as she had been smiling the entire day. She envied Jonas's resting cold face. That was how he normally looked and people couldn't discern his moods.
	Holley was enraged by the news. The romantic date of the couple had become the talk of the town. Melinda had yet again destroyed her plans. Holley had managed to earn the support of big shots in the industry because of the rumor. But they all seemed to ignore her after watching the news.
	"Damn it!"
	Holley threw a pillow on the ground. She knew that Jonas hated Melinda and all of this was an act. But she still couldn't hear people raving about the couple.
	Holley grabbed her phone and scrolled through the contacts. Her fingers stopped when she found the right number and tapped the call button.
	"I want you to stalk Jonas and Melinda. Take pictures of them quarreling with each other. Remember, they won't fight in open spaces. Keep an eye on them when they are by themselves. Do you understand? I will pay you as usual." There was no answer from the other end. She disconnected the call and saw her phone flash with a message of the bank card number.
	Jonas and Melinda were still shopping in the mall. Nelson had ordered them to stay out until midnight. He felt that their act would seem plausible only if they went home the next morning.
	Melinda had never gone out with Jonas before. She was feeling awkward and didn't know what to do.
	"Try this one." Melinda was walking aimlessly when Jonas picked a dress for her. It was a light purple cheongsam dress with light orange patterns.
	The patterns were simple but unique.
	She had to admit that Jonas had a good taste for clothes. It was unlikely of him to get something for Melinda. But the two of them had been trying hard to make people believe that they were a happy couple, so Melinda thought that it was also a part of the act.
	The salesgirl lifted Melinda's hair to see if the dress looked good on her. Small tendrils of hair cascaded around her long neck, making her look like a princess.
	Jonas's breath caught in his throat and his eyes widened with surprise. He immediately ordered the salesgirl to pack the dress without checking the price.
	Melinda loved the dress but she didn't want Jonas to spend too much money on her. Just when she was about to reject it, Jonas leaned forward, and whispered in her ear, "Someone's taking pictures of us."
	Melinda reacted instinctively. She lifted her head, wrapped her arms around his neck, and kissed his cheek. "Thank you. I love the dress."
	Jonas was surprised by Melinda's response. Her innocent smile made him weak in the knees.
	"What are we going to do now?" Melinda asked.
	She wondered why the paparazzi weren't leaving them alone. They must have clicked a thousand pictures by now and Melinda didn't know why they were still following them.
	"Get rid of them," Jonas answered.
	Melinda held his hand and followed him everywhere like a little puppy, but she was oblivious to the detective who was constantly following them.
	Getting rid of detectives weren't an easy task.
	"Gosh, looks like they are not going to leave us alone," Jonas grunted as he saw a car following them. He finally stopped his car in front of a hotel.
	Melinda knitted her brows in confusion. She later understood that there was a floor restriction in the hotel. One needed a card to enter the elevator.
	Jonas wanted to book the presidential suite on the top floor but all rooms were booked except for the theme room. He wanted to escape from the prying eyes of the paparazzi, so he booked the theme room right away.
	Jonas slid the card, hopped into the elevator, and heaved a sigh of relief.
	"I'll sleep on the couch," Melinda said consciously when she entered the room and saw that there was only one bed.
	But Jonas grabbed her hand and pulled her to the bed.
	Melinda landed heavily on his chest. As soon as the couple hit the bed, rose petals cascaded on them. Jonas pressed his body against hers.
	The cheongsam dress was hugging Melinda's body in all the right places, revealing her flawless features. Jonas's mouth watered at the sight of her body sprawled on the bed surrounded by rose petals.
	"Jonas, what are you doing?" Melinda whispered. She was a little terrified. She hadn't been so close to him in a very long time, and for a second, she believed that she saw a spark of love in his tranquil eyes.
	"The curtains are not closed. They are probably still watching us," Jonas said as his hot breath blew across Melinda's face.
	He slowly stood up and closed the curtain. His heart was drumming in his chest. A strange feeling was lurking in his heart and he couldn't shake it off.
	The detective couldn't follow the couple anymore. So he sent all the pictures he had taken to Holley. But to his utter surprise, the couple had escaped without leaving a trace. He couldn't find their whereabouts in the days that followed. The entertainment news was flooding with pictures of Jonas and Melinda. Everyone felt that they were a match made in heaven.
	Holley was in a towering rage.
	"Is this what you're capable of? These pictures aren't convincing at all. I don't need you anymore. You have done a horrible job, so don't even think about receiving the payment."
	Holley hung up the call. The detective had a good reputation in the entertainment industry. Everyone respected him and he was never humiliated before. He secretly harbored a grudge against Holley.
Chapter 14 Writing
	Both of them stayed late at night. The news about the couple having a romantic stay in the hotel was exposed by the reporters. Nelson couldn't be happier and he was slowly getting stronger and stronger.
	The next morning, Melinda woke up to an unfamiliar environment. She hadn't slept well and was distracted the entire night. She had been in a daze, wool-gathering about her life, and didn't know when she fell asleep.
	Jonas was already awake when Melinda opened her eyes. He was leaning against the bed. A half-burned cigarette was clasped between his fingers as he stared at a distance, lost in thought. The wisps of smoke were whirling around him.
	The contrast between the delicate rose petals strewn all over the bed and Jonas's tight face was almost comical.
	"Are you awake?"
	Jonas's deep voice reverberated across the silent room. Melinda looked up at him. She knew that his flat, emotionless voice was only meant for her. Melinda had seen him speak in a different, happier tone when he was with Emily.
	"Yes," Melinda said. She felt weird that Jonas had taken the initiative to talk with her. She quickly shook the thoughts away and decided to stop overthinking about this. She had spent five years, trying to find out what kind of a person her husband was. Jonas was an enigma and she still couldn't figure out his true personality.
	"There will be reporters when we leave the hotel. What do we do?"
	Jonas smashed his cigarette on the ashtray and put it out.
	Melinda stopped rubbing her arms and went to the bathroom to take a shower.
	When the two of them walked out of the hotel, Melinda held Jonas's hand and blushed for the camera. She was an effortless actor and the paparazzi believed her act.
	The reporters standing by the gate began to take pictures of the couple as they walked out. Nelson had arranged a car to pick them up. The happy couple immediately parted ways as soon as they stepped inside the car. They didn't have to pretend behind closed doors.
	"When will this be over?" Melinda frowned. If it hadn't been for Nelson, she wouldn't have agreed to do this for Jonas.
	"You need to understand that I want this to end as much as you do," Jonas muttered and closed his eyes. The netizens were used to changing opinions with time. With the news column flooding with new information, people seemed to forget the past quickly. However, that wasn't the case with Jonas's reputation. After the rumors about his probable affair with Holley, it took a lot of effort and time to prove his innocence.
	Melinda and Jonas stayed together, plotting different scenarios to make people believe that they were really happy together. The public opinion gradually changed. Holley tried her best to destroy their plans and bring the truth to light, but she had failed every single time.
	"Damn you, Melinda!" Holley grunted. Melinda was the perfect wife in the eyes of people and people were thrashing and abusing Holley because of her.
	Her one night of popularity had crumbled down and people began to spread their hatred for her. Holley went to the hotel in which Melinda and Jonas had stayed together.
	The hotel room was tidy and romantic. There was a small table in the balcony that had several bottles of red wine and a fruit basket that she had arranged.
	Holley took a quick shower and walked to the balcony in her bathrobe. She was a model and had a beautiful figure and flawless skin.
	Holley was someone who made the most of her advantages.
	She was depressed and didn't care about how much she drank. She wanted to drink as much wine as she could to forget her problems. She ran out of alcohol in no time. Holley shook the bottle and licked the final drop of wine. Her face turned red with anger, and she needed more alcohol. That was when she heard a soft knock on the door. She staggered to her feet and shambled towards the door.
	When Holley opened the door, her gaze fell on a tall man who was smiling at her. He was wearing a suit that was tailored for him. A smile tugged at the corners of Holley's mouth as she raked her eyes across his body. She stepped forward and wrapped her arms across his neck. She smiled and kissed the base of his throat, gently nibbling on his Adam's apple.
	The man inched forward and pressed his lips against hers. The kiss soon turned passionate and wild as their tongues danced in rhythm. They walked into the bedroom as they continued to ravage each other's body. They knocked out everything on their way. Neither of them were aware of the camera that was capturing them making out in the corridor.
	The detective looked at the photos and an evil smile crept on his lips. "Wow! You really are a slut," he muttered.
	He immediately mailed the pictures to Holley.
	Holley let out a moan of pleasure as her body slumped on the bed next to the man. She was lazing on the bed and skimming through her phone. The contented smile on her face fell as panic surged through her veins when she checked her e-mail.
	"What happened?" the man asked. Holley turned to look at him. He was looking at her with curious eyes. "What's wrong, honey?"
	"I want you to leave right now," Holley said and quickly sent a message to the sender.
	She didn't know what the person wanted from her. But Holley felt that it was best to send the man away. Her life would be ruined if the reporters were waiting outside the hotel.
	Holley's phone chimed with a message. "Transfer the money to this account."
	Holley's jaw dropped in shock. The message was from the detective.
	"Stop acting smart. This is a lesson for you. Don't repeat the mistake," the detective said.
	Holley didn't want her reputation to be destroyed.
	The detective was a powerful man and didn't rest without making Holley pay for her mistakes.
	Without Holley's interruption, the PR department of Soaring Group functioned without a hitch. Melinda felt that it was time to end the show and Jonas's actions proved that she was right.
	As time went by, Jonas and Melinda rarely showed up in public. Finally the PR department gave out a message saying Melinda was recuperating at home. They also sent pictures of Melinda resting at home to prove their statement.
	Melinda continued to stay in the Gu's mansion. Nelson ordered all the maids to take good care of her. Attending to the need of Jonas was the only thing Melinda knew. Since she had decided to break all ties with him, she was confused about what she needed to do next.
	"Melinda, have you ever considered writing literature? I remember you were always fond of writing," Kent suggested. Melinda shared her worries with Kent who was always empathetic and gave her the best advice at the right time.
	Melinda remembered her school days and the romantic dreams she had when she was young. Unfortunately, her life turned into a nightmare after she got married to Jonas.
	"I think I know what I need to do. Thank you, Kent."
	Melinda smiled gratefully. Kent also hoped that writing would keep her mind off the things that were bothering her. He didn't want her to wallow in self-pity about her failed marriage.
	Melinda seemed to have attained a new sense of peace. She wasn't the stubborn girl anymore and Nelson finally got to see her smile a lot, which made him happy. "Melinda, is there any good news?" Nelson asked. "Look at your face bubbling with joy."
	"Grandpa, I'm going to write a novel," Melinda answered. When Nelson opened his mouth to say something, Yulia mocked at her.
	"Novel? You think too much of yourself, don't you, Melinda?"
	Yulia loved to read novels, especially romantic ones. She often imagined that she was a famous star with a handsome, rich boyfriend.
	"It's a wonderful idea. I'm on your side," Nelson said, stroking Melinda's hair.
	He glared at Yulia and instructed the butler to look for books that would be of use to Melinda. He also ordered Soaring Group to extend their support to Melinda.
	Melinda was a woman of action. She had already written the first draft of the book five years ago. She decided to polish her work and turn it into a winning novel.
	Melinda was a good writer and even her first draft was eye catching. She was full of youth and life when she had written it. Melinda closed her eyes and blew out a loud breath.
	Nelson was kind to Melinda and he had arranged a special room for her to work peacefully. The room was filled with books, pens, stationery, and absolutely everything that she would need to work on her book.
	Melinda was writing after a long hiatus and didn't know where to begin with. She quickly made notes of the information and ideas before she started writing.
	Nelson loved and cared for Melinda, which made Yulia hate her even more. She didn't want Melinda to live a better life. Yulia knew that her grandfather wouldn't stop praising Melinda if she successfully completed her novel.
	She wanted to somehow ruin Melinda's plans and stop her from completing the novel. She wouldn't let her become a famous writer.
	"Who let you in?" Melinda asked when she saw Yulia walk into her room without her permission. She was writing the character sketch and didn't want to be interrupted.
	"This is my house. I can go wherever I want," Yulia growled. Melinda rolled her eyes and went back to writing. She wasn't in the mood to argue with her.
	"Do you want to go shopping with me?" Yulia asked.
	Melinda looked at Yulia in disbelief. She wondered why Yulia wanted her to join her and looked at Yulia with suspicion.
	"What? Are you afraid of me?" Yulia asked provocatively as Melinda didn't respond.
	Melinda suppressed her urge to laugh at her.
	She quickly changed her expression and said, "Let's go." She also wanted to buy something. Melinda saved her work and closed the laptop. She grabbed her phone and stood up to leave.
	"Are you going shopping like this?" Yulia asked, scrunching her nose in distaste.
	Melinda was wearing a pair of jeans and a white shirt. Her hair was tied into a messy bun.
	"No wonder my brother doesn't like you. You have no grace," Yulia said.
	But Melinda was least bothered. She and Yulia were poles apart. Yulia went to her room and changed her clothes. She applied a delicate coat of makeup, styled her hair, and put on a pair of nice shoes. Yulia paid attention to every detail from head to toe.
	Melinda was wandering in the mall with nothing but her phone, while Yulia picked clothes of famous designers and flaunted them on purpose.
	Yulia continued to rave about the history of the famous brands. She wanted to show off but didn't expect that Melinda would know more information than she did.
	"Miss, all of these are tailor-made clothes. You can't try them on." Melinda turned around when she heard the gentle voice of the saleslady. She was aware of the brand and their rules.
	But Yulia was quarreling with the lady.
	Melinda put down the painting that she was looking at and went to sort the problem out. She was appalled by Yulia's behavior.
	"I'm sorry, my friend love Joey's works. She's dying to try them out. The new design looks ravishing. He's a pure visionary." Melinda changed the topic and continued to praise Joey. She took one of the designs and asked Yulia to request the saleslady to arrange a dress for her.
	"Joey is flattered by your kind words. He appreciates you for taking an interest in his work. So he wants to offer this dress for half the price." The saleslady winked at Melinda. Yulia was fuming with rage. She wondered how Melinda managed to cast a spell on everyone.
	Yulia had brought Melinda to the shop with the intention of humiliating her, but now she fell into the pit which she made.
Chapter 15 Taking Photos
	"What do you mean? Do you think I can't afford it?" Yulia bellowed.
	Melinda sighed with frustration. She had tried hard to coax the people to limit the damage and Yulia had ruined everything by offending a popular designer like Joey.
	"You're important to us and we wanted to give you a discount as a token of our appreciation." The situation was getting out of hand and the manager walked out and offered an explanation, but Yulia didn't bother to shut up.
	"I just wanted to try the clothes on. Why are you making a fuss about it? You will soon go bankrupt if you don't fulfil the needs of your customers," she said, glaring at the manager.
	Yulia was humiliating herself and Melinda knew that it was because she felt that she was looked down upon.
	Melinda had tried hard saving her, but Yulia was stupid and was digging her own grave.
	"Yulia, behave yourself. Otherwise, Grandpa will ground you and you won't be able to step out of the house." Melinda pulled Yulia's arms and warned. Yulia immediately became quiet.
	"I apologize to you on behalf of her. Everyone loves Joey's work and I'm honored to receive this offer, but I feel his work is worth the price. You don't have to give us a discount." Melinda smiled sweetly.
	Yulia's words were capable of destroying the reputation of the Gu family. Therefore, Melinda had no choice but to stand up for Yulia. Otherwise, she had no intention of clearing up the mess for her.
	Yulia had no interest in shopping and Melinda didn't buy anything either. So, the two of them went home empty-handed. Yulia was still angry. Melinda had yet again managed to win the hearts of people.
	"Mrs. Gu, are you all right?" the butler asked concernedly.
	Yulia's scandal and behavior in the shopping mall had been exposed on the internet.
	The Gu family was yet again the talk of the town. Joey had a crazy fan following and his fans were offended by Yulia's remarks.
	"What's wrong?" Melinda asked when she saw the apprehensive look on the butler's face.
	The butler explained everything in detail. Panic flashed across Yulia's face as she picked her phone to check the news.
	She had finally become popular this time, but not in a good way. People were trashing and abusing her in the comment section, while everyone appreciated Melinda for her dignity and grace. Yulia's anger spiked up in an instant.
	"Does he know about this?" Melinda asked. The butler understood that she was referring to Jonas. The news about Yulia could tarnish the reputation of Soaring Group.
	The butler nodded.
	Although the PR department of Soaring Group handled the matter well, the netizens didn't seem to rest. The comment section continued to flood with hate comments and Yulia didn't dare to step out of the house.
	Melinda had left the house twice. The reporters had followed her and posted her pictures on the internet. Melinda seemed to have developed a new fan base. People started seeing her as a role model after she handled the situation in the mall with dignity.
	Holley had been following the news and was determined to destroy Melinda. She had managed to find Yulia's number, so she picked up her phone and called her.
	When Yulia answered the phone, Holley didn't bother introducing herself. "Do you hate Melinda?"
	Holley's hatred for Melinda was evident in her voice. "Yes," she answered immediately even though she didn't know who had called her.
	The mere mention of Melinda's name made anger rise from the pit of Yulia's stomach. Melinda was her biggest enemy. Everyone hated Yulia because of her.
	Holley cackled loudly.
	The sound of her laughter made the hair on the back of Yulia's neck stand up on end. She cleared her throat. "Who are you?" she asked cautiously.
	"I'm your well-wisher and I hate Melinda as much as you do. You will have no place in the Gu family if Melinda continues to live there."
	Holley had touched the right nerve to provoke Yulia. She wanted to use Yulia's hatred for Melinda to her advantage.
	"Who on earth are you?"
	"I'm Holley Huang. I can help you drive Melinda out of the Gu family. Are you interested in working with me?"
	The Gu family had been closely watching Holley, anticipating her next move. So it was impossible for her to penetrate into the depths of their family to deal with Melinda. But she could execute her plans with Yulia's help.
	"Okay," Yulia agreed without hesitation.
	She knew who Holley was. Yulia had been fighting against Melinda single-handedly. It would be helpful to have someone with the same motive to help her defeat Melinda.
	"What do we do? My Grandpa adores her. She is under full protection at all times. It's impossible for me to deal with her when she's at home."
	Yulia knew that she would be caught red-handed and Nelson would never forgive her if she tried making a move against Melinda.
	"I will explain it to you when the right time comes, but in the meantime, I want you to annoy her."
	Holley felt that Melinda would lose her temper if Yulia constantly pestered her. She would try hurting Yulia out of spite and her "good-girl" image would crumble in an instant.
	Holley and Yulia talked for a long time as if they had known each other for years.
	However, Melinda was oblivious to them plotting against her. She was busy writing her book.
	Melinda had almost set the framework of the characters and outlined the plot of the story. It had taken her three days to write the introduction, but the editor was constantly sending it back, asking her to modify it.
	Melinda was exhausted and wanted to relax for a bit. She went to the backyard to take a walk. It was her favorite spot in the Gu's mansion as it was filled with beautiful flowers.
	"It's my misfortune to see you here." Melinda heard Yulia's cold voice when she stepped into the yard. She turned around to look at Yulia who was smirking at her.
	Melinda rolled her eyes and ignored her. She wasn't in the mood to talk with her.
	"Why do you look aggressive all the time?"
	Yulia chucked. Although Yulia tried pushing her buttons, she was still terrified of her. But she concealed her fear and tried to look confident.
	"Yulia, do you realize that you're behaving like a clown who is desperate to attract people's attention?" Melinda mocked.
	No one was in the backyard at the moment and Melinda didn't bother being kind to her. Moreover, she needed to leave and didn't want to waste time talking to Yulia.
	There were many people in the Gu's mansion and Melinda was tired of dealing with them.
	"Melinda, does Grandpa know that you are like this?" Yulia asked.
	Melinda was always sensible and understanding when she was around Nelson, which enraged Yulia all the time.
	Yulia thought that Melinda was an incredible actor who had everyone wrapped around her finger.
	There were many people who gossiped about Melinda behind her back, but no one dared to confront her because they knew that Nelson would blindly support her.
	"You can fool Grandpa as much as you want, but you can never fool my brother."
	Yulia had always enjoyed annoying Melinda. She loved to see her lose her mind every time she mentioned Jonas, but Yulia was disappointed this time. Melinda didn't seem to care about it.
	"Grow up, Yulia!" Melinda rolled her eyes and turned away. She was aware of Yulia's intention and didn't want to give Yulia the pleasure of seeing her react to comment her.
	She had come to relax, not deal with Yulia's stupidity. Fortunately, her phone rang, rescuing her from the torture.
	But the phone call annoyed her even more. The editor had called to inform that the editor-in-chief had rejected her novel. She was a small editor and didn't have the power to help Melinda.
	"I love your writing style. I still don't understand why she was looking for reasons to reject your work. But don't worry, you are a gifted writer and I feel you should continue writing. You could start by publishing your novel on a regular fiction website and build fan base," the editor said and paused for a moment. "Let me come to the point. Have you offended any powerful people in the past?" she finally asked.
	Melinda's mind wandered to Jonas. 'Is she referring to Jonas?' she wondered. But Melinda knew that he wasn't the only one to hate her.
	"I appreciate your help. Thank you."
	Melinda disconnected the call. She was a passionate writer and had put her heart and soul into writing this book. She never expected that she would have to face a lot of hurdles to publish it.
	She felt that it was time for her to leave the Gu's mansion. Melinda was lost in thought when she got a call from Kent who asked her out for afternoon tea.
	"Long time no see. You don't look happy." Kent frowned at Melinda's sad face. He knew Melinda very well and understood that something was bothering her.
	Melinda sat down and nodded. She rubbed her temples when she thought about what had happened.
	"Look, it's your favorite black forest cake and macchiato. Eating sweet is proven to make you happy. Have them and forget all your worries." Kent smiled as he pushed the cake towards her.
	Melinda couldn't help but smile at him. Kent was a thoughtful guy and she felt good to be around him.
	"Thank you."
	Melinda didn't eat well for lunch and was eager to take a bite of the cake. Kent was relieved to see her eat happily.
	"Are you having trouble with the novel?" Kent asked as he took out a silk scarf and wiped the corner of Melinda's mouth.
	Melinda told Kent about the problems she had encountered in the past few days. She felt much better after sharing her troubles with him.
	"Do you know who's behind this?" Kent asked. It was obvious that someone was creating trouble for her.
	"Jonas wouldn't resort to such silly methods. I think it's Yulia, but she is neither smart nor powerful enough to do something like this." Melinda propped her chin on the palm of her hand and thought.
	Kent ruffled her hair to cheer her up.
	Holley had followed Melinda to the cafe and was sipping a cup of tea. She quickly pulled the phone out of her pocket and snapped pictures of Kent touching Melinda's hair happily.
	"Do you know her?" Kent asked.
	A frown lined on his forehead when he saw Holley. Melinda followed Kent's gaze and saw Holley smirking at them.
	"Yeah, she has an eye on my husband. She's been trying to seduce him."
	Melinda shrugged casually and turned away. Kent's eyes widened as he finally remembered who Holley was.
	"She has been taking pictures of us. Is it okay to stay back or do you want to leave?"
	Melinda was popular and Kent had maintained a safe distance from her in public. At that moment, he was regretting what he had done just now.
	He didn't want people to spread rumor about them and destroy her image.
	"It doesn't matter."
	Melinda wasn't threatened by Holley. She ignored her and continued to talk with Kent.
Chapter 16 Two Years
	"Mellie, I'm glad to see you like this."
	Kent smiled at Melinda who was packing her things. She had a goal now and was striving to achieve it. She was not the old Melinda who wallowed in self-pity. She was stronger than ever, sparkling like a diamond.
	"Yeah, I'm glad to be back on track too. I've finally got my life together after all these years. I've wasted the most crucial years of my life. I'm going to start living for myself."
	A strand of hair brushed across Melinda's cheek and Kent tucked it behind her ear. Melinda's eyes were gleaming with happiness. She was looking like the chirpy girl she once used to be. She was radiating with positivity, which added a glow to her flawless face.
	"It's getting late. I need to go now. See you later."
	Although Melinda was reluctant to go back home, she had to fulfill her responsibilities of Jonas's wife. She hadn't divorced Jonas yet and was still living in the Gu's mansion.
	Kent had been worried about Melinda before, but he was relieved to witness the change in her.
	"Let me drive you home."
	Kent paid the bill and went back to the table to help Melinda take her laptop. She smiled gratefully and walked out. Kent had parked his car in the underground parking lot and Melinda was waiting outside the shopping mall. Her eyes flitted to the towering building of Soaring Group.
	She was a speck of dot before the enormous building. She couldn't reach the top, just like she couldn't find a place in Jonas's heart.
	The honking sound of the car snapped her from the reverie. She turned around and saw that Kent was waiting for her to get into the car.
	The Gu's mansion consisted of a bunch of old houses that were renovated over the years to keep up with the changing trend.
	Kent dropped Melinda at the gate. She got off the car and went straight into the house. An eerie atmosphere prevailed in the mansion. The mansion was usually silent only when Jonas was home.
	Melinda wondered if he was back, but she quickly brushed away the thought and decided to go back to her room.
	"Do you know what time it is now?"
	Melinda heard a sharp voice as soon as she stepped into the living room.
	She turned around to see who it was. Queena Yao was sitting on the sofa with one leg across the other, glaring at her. She was wearing a formal suit. Her hair was curled to perfection and her lips were coated with a layer of vibrant red lipstick.
	"Mom!" Melinda greeted her respectfully.
	Queena Yao was a strong woman. Although she was powerful, she was never domineering. Everyone admired and respected her.
	Melinda was aware of Queena Yao's strong dislike towards her. All these years, Melinda had worked hard to be the perfect daughter-in-law of the Gu family and win her heart. But all her efforts were in vain. She couldn't earn Queena Yao's love and trust.
	"Melinda, who dropped you home? It's a nice BMW. Looks like you've gotten rich friends as well," Yulia mocked. Melinda didn't realize Yulia's presence until she heard her voice.
	Queena Yao frowned at Yulia's remark.
	"He was my senior at school. I needed a favor from him," Melinda said.
	She understood that Yulia was trying to cause trouble and felt that she needed to explain.
	"You could have sought help from my brother. He's, after all, the most powerful person in A City."
	Yulia worshipped Jonas. He was a hero in her eyes. She had always craved love and affection. She wanted Jonas to spoil her and make her happy like how a normal brother would, but Jonas always ignored her.
	"You are the daughter-in-law of the Gu family and you need to be careful while choosing friends," Queena Yao said. Melinda couldn't help but smirk at her.
	Everyone in the Gu family's social circle disdained Melinda. They always looked down upon her. No one tried making friends with her because of Jonas. She was invisible to them as everyone ignored her.
	"I got it," Melinda said obediently. Melinda knew that she couldn't argue with Queena Yao, so she smiled and walked to her room.
	Queena Yao's face flustered with embarrassment. She was surprised to see that Melinda was unfazed by her taunts.
	"Aunt Queena, Melinda has started to ignore you as well."
	Yulia frowned. But Queena Yao was aware of Yulia's intentions. She knew that Yulia was trying to cause trouble between her and Melinda.
	Queena Yao hated Yulia as much as she hated Melinda.
	"A sparrow is always a sparrow," Queena Yao muttered coldly.
	Yulia's face changed when she saw Queena Yao's tight expression, but she managed to force a smile.
	The liveliness of the Gu's mansion was gone and the atmosphere had become tense since Queena Yao's arrival. Everyone was afraid of her and tried to be in their best behavior. Nelson was hardly in the mansion as he was catching up with his old friends.
	Melinda was swept by a fresh wave of energy as new ideas seemed to crop up in her mind after her conversation with Kent. He had helped Melinda regain her confidence and she was busy converting her ideas into stories.
	Melinda was checking her first draft when a loud voice reverberated across the silent room. "What are you doing?"
	She instinctively switched her computer off and stood up. Queena Yao was leaning against the doorframe with her arms across her chest.
	"You've been staying at home all day doing nothing. It's been five years since you got married to my son and you still don't have children. I don't understand why Father was insistent on Jonas getting married to a woman like you who has been leeching off him all these years," Queena Yao said as she raked her eyes across Melinda's body, from head to toe.
	She scrunched her nose in distaste as Melinda wearing casual loungewear. Queena Yao was disappointed to find that her daughter-in-law was devoid of the poise and grace of a noblewoman.
	Melinda's eyes narrowed at the mention of children. She clenched her fists to control the rage that was simmering in her heart. She was pregnant once and had lost her baby.
	"Aunt Queena, Melinda is trying to write a novel and she's brilliant at it. I've heard that great writers earn up to a million dollars a year," Yulia said, smiling sweetly.
	Yulia had always been Queena Yao's faithful follower and Melinda was surprised to see Yulia stand up for her.
	"A million dollars a year? Jonas earns a million dollars for one single project," Queena Yao scoffed.
	Melinda was irked by Queena Yao's words. She knew that Queena Yao was reveling in a plenitude of wealth and that a million dollars meant nothing to her. But Melinda had put her heart and soul into earning the money to pay her bills.
	"Aunt Queena, at least she is working hard. We've gotten to appreciate that."
	Queena Yao was annoyed that Yulia was supporting Melinda, but she didn't know that it was part of her plan. She knew what triggered Queena Yao's anger and was trying to provoke her.
	"What's the point in working hard if you cannot take care of your husband? It's been so long since I returned home and I haven't seen Jonas yet. My son doesn't come home these days. What have you done to him?"
	Melinda continued to stare at Queena Yao. She didn't know what to say.
	"It's not her fault," Yulia said.
	"So you mean it's my son's fault?" Queena Yao's anger spiked up with every word Yulia uttered. She was seething with rage. Yulia was scared to see Queena Yao's angry eyes boring into hers. She swallowed loudly and croaked, "Of course, it is."
	Melinda saw the two of them talking about her but didn't bother interrupting them.
	Queena Yao glanced at Melinda who was looking at her with a vacant expression. Melinda's nonchalance annoyed her even more.
	"Yulia, don't you find it weird to pretend like a good person?"
	Melinda finally asked.
	Yulia suppressed her urge to smile. She was pleased with herself for annoying her.
	When the two women left, Melinda went back to the computer table to continue with her work, but her mind was a complete mess. She switched off the computer and went to her bedroom without saying a word.
	Melinda was frustrated. Queena Yao had been constantly nagging her and finding faults in everything she did. Yulia, as usual, continued to play her tricks, and Melinda was sick of dealing with the two of them.
	"Kent, is the apartment that you saw a couple of days ago still available? I want to rent it," Melinda said, rubbing her eyebrows with one hand, and holding her phone with the other hand.
	"Didn't you say that it was a noisy place? Why are you suddenly interested in it?"
	Kent had accompanied Melinda to find an apartment for her to stay. They had almost booked it, and Melinda was ready to move after her recovery, but Nelson had asked her to return to the Gu's mansion. She couldn't refuse.
	"I am moving out."
	Melinda was losing her mind in the Gu's mansion. She was tired of Yulia's mind games and Queena Yao's hatred towards her. She wanted to get away from this hell-hole and never return. Melinda had rejected the apartment because people in the neighborhood were dancing and shouting all day long. Now, she was even ready to endure the noise to escape from their torture.
	"Okay, I'll talk to the landlord and let you know. If it's already rented to someone else, you can stay in my place. I'll stay with my parents until you find a good apartment."
	Melinda walked out of the room with a small bag. She didn't have many belongings and had managed to stuff all her things into the bag. The butler wanted to stop her from leaving but shut his mouth when he saw Queena Yao.
	"What are you doing? Are you running away from here?" Queena Yao was surprised to see Melinda dragging her luggage across the hallway. Yulia's face lit up with joy. She was happy to see Melinda finally leave. She had been waiting for this day for a very long time.
	"I'm going to divorce your son, Mrs. Gu. I hope you find a nice daughter-in-law soon."
	Melinda smiled and walked out of the house without looking back. The butler followed her to the gate and Melinda asked him to arrange a car because there were no taxis in the area.
	"Mrs. Gu, your grandfather loves you. Why can't you stay back for him?" the old butler asked. He knew that Nelson would become furious if Melinda left the house.
	"I've lived in this house all these years because I got married to Jonas. I've understood that we are not meant to be together, so there is no point in staying back." Melinda smiled and hopped into the car.
	Melinda had left a new divorce agreement in Jonas's room, which said that she would leave without taking a single penny from him.
	Melinda had been in love with Jonas and that was the only reason for her to marry him. She had decided to break all ties with him and his money meant nothing to her.
	She realized that getting married to Jonas was the biggest mistake of her life. She should have left him a long time ago and didn't want to delay it any further.
	Jonas finally returned home. Queena Yao had informed him about Melinda's departure, but he didn't seem to care about it. He walked into his room, slumped on the chair, and blew out a loud breath. His eyes settled on the divorce papers that were lying on the table. He took the papers and skimmed through them.
	"You're divorcing me without demanding for alimony? You've got to be kidding me!" Jonas muttered and shoved the papers into his drawer.
	Jonas always believed that Melinda had married him for his money. He couldn't help but wonder why she was leaving him without demanding anything in return. Part of him believed that she was up to something, but the other part of him felt that he hadn't fully understood her.
	It had been three days since Melinda had left the divorce papers in Jonas's room for him to sign, but there was no response from him. She was a little anxious. She had tried meeting him several times but Jonas's secretary refused to let her in.
	"The court usually finalizes the divorce only after two years of separation. That's the worst-case scenario," Kent said.
	He was surprised to find out that Jonas was still reluctant to divorce her. He remembered Melinda telling him that Jonas claimed she was not the manipulator of their game. Kent couldn't understand why it was taking too long for him to sign the papers.
	"Two years is a short time." Melinda smiled.
	"It's nothing compared to the pain and suffering I had endured in these five years," she said. Melinda didn't know what she needed to do to make Jonas sign the papers. She wanted to end this marriage and begin a happy life.
Chapter 17 It Was Over
	"Since you have moved all your stuff here, do you plan to rent that house?" Kent asked. He was surprised to hear that Melinda wanted to rent an apartment when she had a home of her own.
	"No, that's alright, I'll just leave it there for the time being."
	Jonas knew the address to that house, so she wanted to change her living quarters and find a new place. Though, at the back of her mind, she was aware that there wasn't anywhere under the sun where she could hide from Jonas, if he wanted to find her.
	"I have been too much trouble for you of late. I need to make it up to you. When I settle down, I'll treat you to a meal," Melinda stated while grateful.
	Kent had always stood by her and always been there for her, when she needed support. However, there were some feelings that were cropping up and she didn't think she wanted to reciprocate them.
	Melinda felt more comfortable living alone. She needed to be independent and to learn not to rely on others. Soon her life would be back to normal.
	Nelson returned back to the Gu's mansion a week later. As soon as he arrived, he summoned Jonas to come home immediately.
	"What is this that I have been hearing? If you don't give me an explanation today, I will..." Nelson reprimanded Jonas while still holding onto his crutch, but he was interrupted by the incessant ringing of a phone. Jonas was literally saved by the bell, but he instantly had a deep frown and his face became stiff when he saw the name of the caller.
	"It's Mellie, answer it and put her on speaker phone."
	Nelson had sharp eyes. Immediately he saw that it was Melinda who was calling. He ordered Jonas to put her on loud speaker so he could hear their conversation. He knew something was up but no one was telling him the truth. Jonas had no choice but to do as the old man ordered.
	"Wow. So this phone actually works, my call has finally gone through this time and been picked." Melinda's surprised voice rang through the room. Hearing her statement, Nelson glared at Jonas, expressing his obvious disappointment at his grandson's behavior.
	Jonas's eyes turned cold. He even wished he could use his cold voice to freeze Melinda.
	"Why are you looking for me?"
	"Jonas, what exactly do you want me to do to make you sign the divorce papers? What on earth do you want? Even Emily wants you to give me the divorce, right? Besides, the law will still grant the divorce as long as we have lived apart for more than two years," Melinda said, sounding agitated.
	Meanwhile, Nelson's eyes seemed to grow bigger and widen with every sentence she said. They were as big as saucers filled with shock and anger. "I will not let you two get a divorce, neither are you going to live separately!"
	"Grandpa?" cried Melinda in shock at the old man's declaration.
	"Mellie, don't be afraid, I will help you and deal with my grandson accordingly!"
	Nelson was always gentle and kind to Melinda, but he wasn't as gentle and loving to his own grandson, Jonas. He nearly never showed him any form of affection.
	The phone was soon hung up before Melinda could react. At the Gu's mansion, the two looked at each other coldly.
	"You don't need to go to work tomorrow. You have to sort this mess you have created with Melinda, to begin with, organize for a date with her. There must only be two of you in your marriage and make sure that you take her home tomorrow night after your date. It's not proper for a couple to live separately," ordered Nelson.
	Yulia, who had been listening in on their conversation clenched her teeth in anger. She didn't understand why Nelson protected Melinda this much.
	Queena didn't like Melinda, but she couldn't refute the sense in Nelson's words. Even though Jonas was unwilling to do the things Nelson demanded, he still nodded, "I got it."
	"Jon, everything I do is always for your own good. I hope you can understand that." Since Jonas wasn't resisting his advice or acting tough, Nelson softened his tone and patted Jonas on the shoulder, a sign of good faith as he sighed.
	Melinda was still confused. Before she could figure out what was going on, she received a call from Nelson. He wanted to see her tomorrow. She couldn't refuse since he didn't even give her time to argue before disconnecting the call.
	Following the address given by Nelson, Jonas arrived at the community and received a lot of furtive glances from strangers who were mainly middle-aged women. It was an ordinary community, so they were not used to celebrities and the rich and famous coming to the place, especially one as handsome as Jonas.
	The middle-aged women stopped dancing and began to talk about Jonas.
	Such open disregard for his privacy made Jonas upset and his face turned colder.
	When Melinda opened the door, Jonas's cold face like a stone statue greeted her, which made her very unhappy.
	"Why do you live in a such a despicable place?" Jonas looked around and was not impressed by what he saw. He concluded that the ceiling was low considering he was relatively tall, and the inside was too narrow for his frame.
	"Mr. Gu, I didn't invite you here, did I?"
	Leaning against the fridge, Melinda said coldly while looking at Jonas. She took a bottle of drink out of the fridge and threw it to Jonas, not caring whether he would catch it or not, secretly hoping that it would hit his cold face.
	Jonas had never seen her like this before. This new side of hers made him very intrigued, as if he had opened the door to a new world, but then he immediately changed his mind and pulled a long face. 'This must be a new strategy she is using,' he thought.
	"Let's go."
	"What? Where are we going?"
	"On a date." Hearing him spit those words with venom through his gritted teeth, Melinda opened her eyes wide and wanted to burst into laughter, regardless of her image.
	"Isn't this what you wanted?" Jonas asked seeming disinterested in the whole thing. Thinking of Nelson's speech and his tone last night coupled with Jonas's accusation, she almost could make a guess on what had happened.
	However, the thought of a date between the two of them disgusted her to the core. She could not imagine how it would go. In the end, the so-called date turned into a venting session for Jonas to express how unhappy he was with the whole situation as he drove them around the whole day. Melinda, on the other hand, simply tuned off his grumpy face and concentrated on enjoying the beautiful scenery of A City.
	That day, the communication between them was zero except at the beginning when they were bickering.
	When it was time for dinner, Jonas drove directly back to the Gu's mansion. The two of them walked into the main house following each other in a single file. Seeing that they had arrived together, Nelson was very happy. He greeted Melinda with great concern while berating Jonas as usual.
	"That was very daring of you to move out before, now look at you coming back so soon." When Queena saw that her son was being scolded by Nelson, her cheeks turned red; her blood boiled with anger, and she couldn't help but make sarcastic remarks towards Melinda.
	Melinda had been used to this kind of overt insults and cold attitudes for years. She smiled lightly and clenched her fists trying to hold her temper in check.
	Every self-respecting had a limit to how much insults they could take. Being humiliated like this regularly, Melinda always got angry, but she would hold back and try not to give them any reaction.
	"Didn't you say that you would break up with my son? Now you are threatening my son using his grandfather. Shame on you Melinda!" Queena said sarcastically.
	Nelson gave her a warning look trying to come to Melinda's rescue. He just wanted to comfort her. However, he saw that Melinda had a serious and stubborn look on her face.
	"Mrs. Gu, I don't have time to waste badgering your son. I have already signed a divorce agreement and given it to your son. But your son hasn't signed it yet. You better persuade him to sign it as soon as possible rather than blaming me for his hard headiness."
	Melinda looked domineering, which was not her usual demeanor. It was as if she had gone through a metamorphosis and she was a totally different person.
	Queena was very angry when she heard Melinda's words. Jonas was her pride and joy, and now Melinda was disparaging him. She had obviously grown too big for her own shoes.
	"Do you think my son would hold onto a narrow-minded woman who is from a poor family like you? Don't flatter yourself."
	"Mrs. Gu, were you brought up to be so aggressive? Well, I'm too narrow-minded to understand your behavior," Melinda stated cheek in tongue. She hated it when people spoke ill of her family. There was nothing wrong with her family just because they were poor.
	"Come on, stop arguing. You two should get along well with each other. You must be tired after playing all day. Let's go and have dinner before it gets cold."
	Seeing the two of them going at each other and cursing each other, Nelson hurried to stop them. He was also a little irritated, wondering whatever happened to this family that they all acted like such barbarians.
	But it was destined that no one would have dinner at that time. Queena left in a huff and went straight back to her room, while Jonas also followed his mother's example and left for his bedroom. Being aware of the strange atmosphere in the room, Yulia slipped away faster than anyone else.
	"Grandpa, I'm sorry. I..." Melinda stuttered apologetically, not sure what to say since she didn't really regret her outburst and the outcome. Nelson sighed, and then comforted her, "It's all right. Let's eat. You are the only one here with me anyway."
	Melinda had no appetite, but she still ate some food with Nelson before retreating back to their shared room. When she went back, she saw Jonas's clothes on the bed and heard the sound of running water from the bathroom.
	Looking at the room, she was a little surprised to find that it seemed familiar and also strange at the same time. She hesitated, not sure how to tackle their looming sleeping arrangement while still standing at the door. At last, she took a deep breath and walked in. At the same time, Jonas also stepped out of the bathroom.
	"Have you finished giving Grandpa your honey coated words?"
	A mocking smile emerged at the corner of Jonas's mouth. Hearing this statement, Melinda snapped back as she glared at him, her eyes burning with anger. "What do you mean, Jonas?"
	"What do I mean? Isn't it interesting to threaten me using Grandpa?"
	Jonas casually leaned against the bed. From outside the scene looked romantic, but the tense atmosphere emphasized by the cold aura emanating from him was a total disconnect from what was expected of such a scene.
	"Jonas, I came back with you because I don't want Grandpa to be sad. If you don't like it, I can leave right now," stated an angry Melinda.
	She realized that she had made a big mistake to indulge them and come back today. But if she didn't come back, Nelson would be very disappointed. She didn't know how she ended up in such a dilemma.
	"Leave? So that you can get an opportunity to tell Grandpa that I gave you the cold shoulder?"
	Jonas was deeply convinced that Melinda always had ulterior motives. His thoughts were reinforced by the way Nelson always stood up for Melinda.
	"Jonas, why do you always assume that my actions are always malicious?" Looking at the man she had fallen in love with for five years, she felt like she was now looking at a stranger.
	"Don't look at me like that. I'm not Grandpa," Jonas said coldly, but he tried to hide the fact that she had affected him for a moment, making him doubt his long-standing attitude.
	She felt as if she was losing her marbles and would soon go crazy. She didn't want to quarrel with Jonas anymore. She did the only thing she thought would get her out of the messy situation—she took out another divorce agreement from her bag and signed for both of them.
	"I don't need your trust. If you are a man, hurry up and sign these papers. It won't take you more than a few seconds." She stared at Jonas right in the eye. She was shocked that she could maintain the staring match with Jonas without backing down and cowering away.
	"Jonas, what are you waiting for?"
	Melinda asked, since Jonas made no indication of moving at all.
	"I just want to see to make sure that you haven't inserted a new trap in the conditions for the divorce," Jonas suddenly said with a cold smile.
	Melinda's heart had already been hardened by his constant accusations; however, this was a new blow. She couldn't help but feel a little sad.
	Jonas looked through it casually and signed his name without hesitation. There were two copies of the divorce agreement. Picking up one of them, Melinda leaned against the wall and slid to the ground as she lost all strength on her legs, not believing her eyes. Finally, it was over.
	She would use this divorce agreement to bury the darkest five years of her life although Melinda had tried to hold onto her love for Jonas stubbornly.
Chapter 18 Refund
	"Congratulations! We are all set and free from each other now."
	After a long time, Melinda murmured to herself. Looking at the divorce agreement in his hand, Jonas had a complex expression on his face. He had always hoped that this could happen, but now that it had finally happened, he had a strange feeling at the pit of his stomach, as if he had just made the biggest mistake of his life.
	Melinda stood up from the floor, carefully hiding the divorce agreement away in her bag, and then turned away. There was nothing left for her to do at the Gu's mansion anymore.
	Melinda gingerly got her phone from her bag and found a private space to talk, "Kent, could you please come to the Gu's mansion and pick me up? Jonas and I are finally getting divorced. He signed the papers."
	When she said the word "divorce", she was somewhat absent-minded, and a trace of a smile appeared. Kent was a little surprised that she had managed to get the papers signed, but he was very happy for her. Moreover, he could not refuse her request.
	Soon, Kent arrived to pick up Melinda. The servants gave her strange looks as she was leaving so late in the night, escorting her with judgmental looks until she left. Standing by the front door, Jonas couldn't ignore the sound of the car that came in and left as soon as it had arrived. Irritated by the intrusion, he changed his clothes and went back to his company.
	"It's late. Where are you going at this time of night?" Queena who had applied a facial mask ready for bed opened her room's door when she heard a commotion. Jonas paused mid-step on his way out and then said in a low voice, "We are now divorced."
	"What? Divorce? I will not allow that to happen in our family!" said Nelson, getting agitated.
	When he heard the noise around the house, he had ignored it, thinking it wasn't anything important. As a result, the butler quickly informed him that Melinda had left the premise.
	"Grandpa, we have already signed the divorce agreement," Jonas said, sounding exhausted.
	Just then, Nelson's face turned ghastly pale as he felt a cluster of spark plugs emanating from his abdomen. Tension built in his face and limbs; he felt a vice-like grip on his heart as his breathing became more labored and shallow; he found it difficult to breathe.
	"Master, are you okay?" the butler yelled as he rushed to Nelson's side. Nelson fell stiffly on the ground not even fighting to breathe anymore. The butler held Nelson as he yelled trying to frantically pump his heart to form a rhythm and keep his heart beating.
	"Grandpa are you okay!"
	"Get the car, we need to take him to hospital fast."
	The Gu family was shocked by Nelson's sudden attack. Jonas's lips were pursed in a thin line, a pale line forming at the top of his lips, indicating how hard he was biting on his lips. He silently contemplated the actions that had led to his grandfather's dire situation. He didn't expect that their divorce would make him so angry.
	Kent took Melinda back to the place where she had rented, but they were informed that their rental contract had been canceled. The landlord asked her to evacuate from their premise, so she had to pack up her things in a hurry.
	"I thought I had signed a one-year contract with you and I didn't cancel my lease. What changed?" Melinda was confused. She had used up almost all her savings in order to rent the house and was now being asked to leave without any explanation.
	"It's your husband who came to cancel your contract. If you and your husband are having problems, you need to solve your issues on your own. But the house has already been rented out to another tenant. You should move out as soon as possible, hopefully within the next two days, or I will throw your stuff out," stated the property manager.
	They had awakened the property manager in the middle of the night, who was now annoyed with their constant questions instead of communicating among themselves. Melinda knew without a doubt that it was only Jonas who could be this petty. She felt uncontrollable rage building up right from her belly because Jonas managed to make trouble for her even after they had divorced.
	"I know. I will move out as soon as possible. But I need a place to rest for tonight," Melinda said. The property manager yawned, seeming sleepy, tired and totally disinterested in her explanations, her mind probably focused on sleeping. Covering her mouth as she yawned again, she said, "Whatever. Just do whatever you need to do to get out of here, I'll get the key from you the day after tomorrow."
	After sending Kent away, Melinda thought of her remaining money and sighed, "I shouldn't have settled for nothing because I was trying to seem dignified. I should have asked for something as part of the divorce settlement if I had known this was going to happen."
	Some of the jewelry that she had been gifted would be enough to cover a half year's rent if she had been brilliant enough to keep them.
	The next morning, Melinda woke up early and began to pack up trying to cover as much ground as possible. When Kent brought breakfast for her, he found that she had almost packed everything up.
	"You have packed everything, are you going to find another house today?" Kent asked while putting breakfast on the table. Melinda washed her hands and started eating without waiting for Kent to settle down.
	"Well, it's impossible for me to sleep on the street, right?" In fact, she had stayed up late at night checking out several houses on the Internet. She planned to visit them one by one today to see if she could find one that she liked.
	"I'll go with you later. I don't have much work today," Kent offered.
	Since he had begun his own business, he was always busy, but his schedule was flexible. In addition, Kent was still not comfortable with letting Melinda find a house alone.
	"Okay, thank you, a second pair of eyes would be very helpful. I checked several places last night which are quite a distance. I am lucky I will have a free driver today," Melinda stated happily.
	Melinda's impish smile grew of its own accord making her look younger than her early twenties. When she smiled, her bright eyes would shine, emphasizing her innocence which was like a fresh breath of air. Melinda loved literature and was very conscious of how she behaved including her table manners.
	After finishing her breakfast, she took her bag and started to visit the places that she had marked as having houses of interest for her. There were five spots in total, which were a little far from each other. It was not until three o'clock in the afternoon that they finished checking all of them. Finally exhausted, Kent took Melinda to a coffeehouse for a drink to regroup.
	"There is another place that I think you would like. Let me show you," Kent said. Kent noticed Melinda's hesitation, though he had no idea what she was worried about.
	Melinda nodded, and then followed Kent to have a look. The house looked good from outside and once they got inside it was just as good. After looking around, she asked for the price of rent. It was affordable.
	"Well, to tell you the truth, I own this place and it's been empty for a while hoping to get a tenant but no one has lived here for some time now. Just do me the favor of moving in so that you don't put any more pressure on yourself."
	Melinda was a smart woman. Kent knew that even if he hid this kind of information from her, she would sooner or later find out that he was the owner. The revelation put Melinda in a complicated situation. It was a good place to live, but she didn't want to be indebted to Kent more than she already was.
	"Thank you, Kent, for your generosity."
	When Kent heard Melinda's response, he mistook her gratitude for consent, so he happily took her around to see the house. However, after Melinda said goodbye to Kent, she moved further from the city and went downtown to look for cheaper accommodation.
	It was not an affluent area but bustling with activity, since there were a lot of students. She figured that life would be cheap, so her daily consumption wouldn't be too expensive and the rent would be cheap.
	Melinda was lucky that one of the students had just graduated and so there was an open lease. The student had also left much stuff behind.
	The matter of the apartment was settled within a short time. Melinda rented the house and moved in on the same day. She did the cleaning up until past eleven o'clock in the evening. After a long day of searching for houses and finally moving in, she was exhausted. She collapsed into the sofa with a long sigh of relief.
	She was about to start a new life.
	She hadn't been in the workforce for the past five years. She had been performing her duties and acting as the daughter-in-law of the Gu family the whole time. Now she had to return to society all of a sudden, and start from scratch. She was a little bit overwhelmed and at a loss.
	Melinda took one day off, after moving into the new house, just to take things easy and organize the house. The next day she began to search for a job online. Although she had no loans to pay, she was still broke and wondered when she would receive payment from her new book.
	She had a good education background, but her practical and social experience was really pitiful. She finally saw an agency that was advertising a job that didn't require much experience. She rushed from the house and went to the agency on the same day to apply for the job.
	"We mainly sell online. As long as you have a good sales ability, you can make over ten thousand per month in commission; besides the company doesn't hire many people, they only need three. But the agency fee will be rather expensive. Of course, if you think it is expensive, we also have other jobs, which are kind of difficult and the pay is also very little, you can only get the salary of two or three thousand a month. You can think about it carefully and get back to us."
	After hesitating for a while, Melinda thought of her current situation and decided to choose the online selling job. The agency fee cost more than 1,000. She had thought that she would soon make money from working hard, but she didn't expect that she would encounter a fraud, and the money she had made would all be gone.
	She didn't have much money before, and after she was conned and also moving to a new place, she was totally broke at this point.
	It was fortunate that the costs for her new apartment were not too expensive. The former student had left her a lot of things and saved her furniture and kitchen ware expenses. Melinda decided to activate the social media account that she hadn't used for a long time. She decided to use it to make some money from copy writing.
	Not long after the miscarriage, Melinda had been busy actively running up and down. Now that she was free, she wasn't as active and she could feel her body's resistance.
	Perhaps due to her change of marital status, Melinda had more time in her hands and therefore she had become more creative. The novel Melinda had been writing was now at more than a hundred thousand words and it seemed to flow more smoothly.
	Kent who had been on a business trip for the last two days went to check the house immediately when he returned. He was shocked to find that Melinda hadn't moved in. He made a call to ask her what was happening and why she had changed her mind.
	"Okay, but you should tell me where you live now," Kent said, feeling a bit disappointed.
	Melinda did not feel the need to hide her new location, so she promptly gave him the directions to her new residence. That day, Kent came to visit her with many things.
	"Kent, did you buy all my food for the next month?" Melinda helplessly looked at the things that Kent had brought for her, but did not refuse his kindness. Beggars can't be choosers.
	"This is not much. It's enough for a week at most," Kent said with a smile.
	Seeing that Melinda had a nice place to live and the environment was very welcoming, he was relieved. He had been a little worried that she would probably put herself in danger since she had led a sheltered life.
	"How have you been recently? Are you adjusting well?"
	Melinda looked peaceful and happy, with a faint smile on her face.
	"Not bad. Kent, please read this article for me. I have been slaving over it and it's almost two hundred thousand words," Melinda said.
	Kent had more experience in doing literary work and therefore was more sensitive than Melinda in this aspect. He also suggested a lot of good ideas for her.
	"I heard that you are also helping others to copy write."
	Kent couldn't help but ask as he thought of what his classmate had mentioned two days ago. Melinda nodded and said, "I have been out of the society circles for five years. I don't know what else to do except write."
	"Do you want to try writing some articles for me?" Kent asked tentatively.
	He knew that there was a higher chance of him being rejected by Melinda, and just as he had expected she did refuse.
	"I'm fine now. I'm good at writing and I get a lot of money. Most of my attention is on novels. I want to work hard on it and see if I can make enough money to sustain me."
	Melinda knew what she wanted to do for her future, so Kent certainly supported her.
	In the following days, Kent came to visit her from time to time. He took good care of her and bought a lot of things every time he visited, which made her helpless and overwhelmed by his kindness.
	Melinda worked late the previous night to make a copy. The next morning when she woke up she felt very uncomfortable. She was in more painful than she had felt in the last two days. She was weak, dizzy, and the pain in her lower abdomen reminded her of the time when she lost her child. That was the pain she was now feeling.
	Kent carried the usual things he always bought to Melinda's house again, but when he knocked, no one opened the door. He was worried and hurried to find the property manager to ask them for a spare key to open the door, only to find Melinda lying weakly on the bed.
	"I'm fine. I just need to take a rest."
	Melinda stopped Kent from sending her to the hospital. She didn't like the hospital and she didn't want to bother Kent any more than she already had.
	Kent had felt that Melinda was not well from time to time and he had even mentioned it to her a few times, but she had always insisted that she was fine and ignored his words.
	But this time, it seemed that she had gotten worse. He could not help frowning and looking at Melinda. He was helpless due to her stubbornness any time he tried to persuade her to go to the hospital.
	"Kent, I can't joke about my health, I am really fine, just a little tired," Melinda said with a smile.
	Kent was helpless, but he had stayed by her side to take care of her the whole day.
Chapter 19 Publication
	Since she was feeling weak, Melinda was focused on taking care of her health to regain her strength. From then on, she never stayed up late to write her novel and often went to the playground of the university in the next block to get some fresh air.
	Melinda was an effortless beauty. She didn't prefer wearing makeup and usually went to the playground in simple clothes. Still she inadvertently stole the heart of many boys. A lot of boys were interested in her. Many of them hit on her while there were a couple of boys who even asked her out. Melinda didn't know whether to laugh or cry about it.
	She had the entire day to herself and made the most of her time by working on her novel. She wrote over ten thousand words a day and made sure to go to bed only after revising and editing it. She finished her novel in two weeks.
	After Kent's constant persuasion, Melinda mustered her strength to send her book to a magazine. The editor was impressed by Melinda's work and had started publishing her story on their biweekly. She had also promised to publish the entire book if it received a positive response from the readers.
	Melinda was incredibly proud of herself. She couldn't believe that her book was being published.
	She became passionate about writing and wanted to write another novel. However, her health didn't seem to cooperate and she decided to take a break before working on another book.
	Melinda was communicating with the editor only via email. Kent had been handling all the crucial aspects of it. He was concerned about the contract and became a regular customer of the magazine.
	Kent didn't want Melinda to feel disappointed, so he had informed the editor that he would invest his money in publishing the novel even if they weren't happy about the story. But he didn't tell Melinda about it.
	Fortunately, Melinda's novel had gained a vast fan base. Most of her fans were eagerly waiting for her book to be published in paper form and asked about it on the social media platform. Melinda hadn't revealed her identity and they were curious to find out about the author.
	The editor was pleased by the response. Melinda had even published a couple of short stories that were a huge hit among the people.
	The stories were a reflection of Melinda's life. They were heart-stirring and many people could relate to it. Some parts made the readers cry and there was a dash of humor to the stories that turned them to a wholesome read. Her stories touched upon the topics of violence, abuse, and mental health.
	The readers experienced a wave of emotions and were immersed in the story. Melinda's short stories were responsible for increasing her readership. Her fans multiplied in number and were waiting to read her new book.
	Kent was busy with work and it had been a long time since he had met Melinda. When Kent was in the company, he received a call from the chief editor of the magazine. She had called to inform him that they were ready to buy the copyright of Melinda's novel.
	"I'll send you the contract when it's ready. You can also make your requests and negotiations. We'll discuss and come to a conclusion," the editor said.
	Kent's heart swelled with joy. An ecstatic grin stretched across his lips. He couldn't contain his happiness and was incredibly proud of Melinda. Kent had witnessed Melinda's hard work. He knew that she had once spent day and night writing her novel despite her health. His respect for Melinda grew multifold.
	Melinda had turned her own life experiences into a book. She had poured her heart out, which made the book more special.
	Kent knew that Melinda would be in cloud nine if she found out that her book was going to be published. He couldn't help but chuckle at the thought of it. He quickly grabbed his phone and called her. The phone rang for a long time before it got disconnected.
	He called her again but there was no answer.
	Kent broke into a cold sweat when he got reminded of Melinda's health. He regretted not checking on her. He immediately got into the car and drove to Melinda's apartment.
	Kent's heart was drumming in his chest. The road was empty and he didn't bother obeying the traffic signal.
	He accelerated his car as anxiety was killing him. He finally slammed the brake when he arrived at Melinda's residence. It was a half an hour drive but Kent reached in twenty minutes. He had never lost his cool but Melinda's unanswered call was driving him insane.
	Melinda walked out of the bathroom and wiped her hair with a towel. There was a sharp knock at the door. When Melinda opened the door, she was surprised to see Kent gasping for breath. He was sweating profusely and looking anxious.
	"Kent, what's wrong with you?" Melinda frowned.
	She had never seen him like this. She quickly dropped the towel and poured a glass of water for him.
	Kent leaned against the wall and closed his eyes. He was puffing and panting. He had been worried about Melinda and had run all the way to the fifth floor.
	"I called you, but you didn't answer. I became worried," he said breathlessly.
	Melinda glanced at her phone and bit her lip. She felt guilty for not answering his call.
	"I'm sorry, Kent, I was in the shower. What's up? Why did you call?"
	Kent's face broke into a happy grin. "The publisher has decided to buy the copyright of your book. Congratulations, Melinda."
	Melinda froze on the spot. Her eyes widened with shock as she clamped her mouth with her hand. All her hard work had finally paid off.
	"So... So they're going to publish my book?" Melinda muttered in disbelief. Kent chuckled and ruffled her hair.
	Melinda was aware of Kent's feelings for her and always kept a safe distance from him. But she was too happy at the moment to care about anything else.
	"Yep. The editor will send the contract later. You'll have to read it carefully and then go to the office and sign the contract," Kent said.
	Melinda clapped her hands excitedly. She couldn't recall being this happy before. Her eyes prickled with happy tears.
	Kent had been there for her and supported her the entire time. He could understand Melinda's emotions. The next day, Kent accompanied Melinda to the office to sign the contract.
	The editor was meeting Melinda for the first time. She felt that Melinda was a beauty with brain and was glad to partner with her.
	"Oh, come on, Melinda. We need to enjoy your victory. Let me get you a cup of coffee to celebrate your success." Kent smiled tenderly. Melinda was giggling like a little girl as her eyes didn't leave the contract paper.
	His heart melted at the sight of her happy face. He hardly saw her smile and wanted to protect her at all costs. Melinda was precious to him and he wanted to always keep her happy.
	"Kent, you've been incredibly supportive and none of this would have been possible without you. So it's my treat today."
	Melinda carefully placed the contract in her bag and grinned at him. There was a mall in front of the office and Melinda decided to take him to the most popular coffee shop there.
	"You haven't changed one bit." Kent shook his head and smiled when he saw Melinda order the usual black forest cake and macchiato.
	Melinda smiled and continued to stir her coffee.
	But deep in her heart, she knew that she had changed a lot.
	The coffee house was silent and a faint melody of piano filled the air. Melinda sighed contentedly as she was enjoying the moment. She always loved going to coffee shops and baking pastries. But she had abandoned all her wishes and desires after she got married to Jonas.
	She was like a moth that was attracted to the flame. She wanted to start a new life with Jonas but marriage slowly killed every bit of happiness, hope, and life in her. She had turned into a numb, lifeless person. She didn't know who she was anymore and was in search of the lost ambitions and dreams to fill her hollow heart.
	"Melinda! Hello?"
	Kent snapped his fingers, interrupting Melinda's thought. She finally came back to her senses and realized that she was in a coffee shop with Kent. "I'm sorry. All of this is a bit overwhelming and I'm a bit distracted." Melinda smiled sheepishly.
	Kent knew what she had been thinking but he didn't want to ask her about it, so he nodded and smiled at her.
	Holley had been depressed lately and there wasn't any news about her. She was having a nasty headache and decided to grab a cup of coffee. When she walked into the coffee house, her eyes fell on Melinda who was talking happily with Kent. She disregarded her public image and walked up to her.
	"Isn't this Mrs. Gu? Of course, it is. What are you doing with another man here? Secret affair is it?" Holley asked, smirking at Melinda.
	The big sunglasses almost covered her entire face and Melinda couldn't recognize her for a moment.
	"What a shameless couple!"
	Holley's voice boomed across the coffee shop and everyone turned to look at her. "Miss Huang, mind your tongue!"
	Melinda growled.
	She had always been a strong, feisty woman, but everyone had misinterpreted her silence for fear. Melinda had endured Jonas's torture all these years without fighting back and people thought that she was afraid of him.
	"Oops. Did I say anything wrong? Mrs. Gu, you're a married woman. You cannot go on a date with random men," Holley mocked.
	She had always envied Melinda. She couldn't accept that Melinda lived a better life than she did.
	"He's not a random man. He's my friend and I'm having coffee with him. This is a normal social activity, but I'm sure everything will seem wrong if you see through your filthy eyes. Moreover, I've been divorced and I can be with whoever I want. It's none of your business."
	Melinda crossed her arms across her chest and smiled at her.
	Holley's mouth popped open with shock.
	"Divorce?"
	Melinda's words hit her with full force. She didn't know that Jonas and Melinda were divorced.
	"I get it now. Mr. Gu would've found out that you're a cheater. That's perhaps why he has divorced you." Holley snickered.
	Although Holley was trying to push her buttons, Melinda didn't lose her composure. But she was a little annoyed. It was her moment, and she was celebrating her success, but Holley was ruining it for her.
	Jonas was on his way home after visiting his ailing grandfather. The commotion in the coffee shop caught his attention. He narrowed his eyes when he saw that Holley and Melinda fighting. He asked the driver to stop the car.
	Jonas's breath caught in his throat when he saw Melinda. He hadn't seen her for a long time and she was looking like a different person now.
	"Take Holley away. Don't let the paparazzi take pictures of her," Jonas instructed the driver. The driver nodded and walked into the coffee shop.
	Jonas couldn't take his eyes off Melinda.
	He couldn't help but wonder if she was the same woman who had married him for his money. Melinda had always looked sad and weak but she seemed beautiful and energetic now.
	Melinda was not in the mood to talk with Holley. She gritted her teeth and glared at her. The driver strutted towards Holley and whispered in her ear, "Miss Huang, everyone's watching you."
	Holley instinctively peered at the surroundings and saw that everyone was staring at her. Her face flustered with embarrassment. She quickly adjusted her glasses and turned away.
Chapter 20 Slander
	Holley's eyes were searching for Jonas. She knew that the man in front of her was Jonas's driver but she couldn't find him.
	"Miss Huang, you've finally managed to earn a fortune and some fans. You need to be careful. Otherwise, you'd lose everything before you know," the driver muttered. He heaved a sigh of relief when he saw that people were back to minding their own business.
	The driver had always disliked Holley. He hated the way she interacted with Jonas. She was arrogant, bossy, and always wreaked havoc.
	"Melinda, we'll see," Holley snorted and turned to leave.
	But Melinda was impervious to her taunts.
	Holley managed to hide her filthy persona behind her beautiful looks. Although she wasn't a famous model, her alluring beauty seemed to captivate people's attention.
	Once Holley was gone, the driver smiled apologetically at Melinda and left.
	Melinda pursed her lips as she watched the driver leave. Holley's fear was explicit when she talked to him and Melinda wondered who the man was.
	"Do you know him?"
	Kent stared at the driver, lost in thought. Everything had happened too fast and Kent couldn't comprehend what was going on. Melinda was bothered by Holley and a man had appeared from nowhere to rescue her. Kent was curious to find who he was.
	"No, I don't," Melinda mumbled as she racked her brains to find out who he was.
	A hazy image formed in her mind but she couldn't recollect anything about him.
	When the driver got back to the car, he saw Jonas resting the back of his head on the seat with his eyes closed. His brows were knitted together and it seemed like he was in his own world.
	"Mr. Jonas, the job is done. But I think Miss Huang has recognized me," the driver said.
	Jonas snapped his eyes open and looked at him.
	"Never mind. Let's go to the hospital."
	Jonas glanced at the coffee shop for one last time. He saw that Melinda was about to leave and Kent was standing next to her like a protective shield. The way Kent looked at Melinda made Jonas believe that they were a perfect couple.
	The driver started the car and drove out of the mall.
	Holley was seething with rage. She went home and slammed the door so hard that it rattled against the hinges. She let out a piercing scream and smashed the things to the floor. She hated that Jonas was still protective of Melinda even after she had left him.
	Nelson had refused to meet her but he continued to rave about Melinda's character.
	She wondered what was so special about Melinda that everyone adored her. Her hatred for Melinda was blazing in her heart.
	Holley's phone blared. She groaned and picked the call.
	"Hello?"
	"What's the matter? Did anyone annoy you?" Yulia asked.
	Yulia had few friends because she was an illegitimate daughter. Although the agreement between Holley and Yulia was temporary, the two of them shared the same motive.
	They both wanted to defeat Melinda and were using each other to meet their goal.
	They were trying to get along with each other. Yulia had planned on inviting Holley to go shopping with her.
	"It's your fucking sister-in-law. Who else?"
	Holley's anger reached a whole new level when she spoke about Melinda. The two of them had met each other only a couple of times and Holley hardly knew anything about Melinda, but she would go on and on about how much she hated her.
	"Did you meet her?"
	Yulia hadn't seen Melinda after the latter had moved out of the house. She was relieved that Melinda was gone and didn't care if she was dead or alive.
	But when Holley explained about what had happened in the coffee shop, she became a little anxious.
	Their hatred was mutual and they couldn't see Melinda live a happy life even if she wasn't with Jonas anymore.
	"She's a manipulative woman and you need to make the people of the Gu family understand that. Otherwise, everyone will be in favor of her. If Nelson manages to bring her back, then it would be impossible to chuck her out of the house again."
	Although Jonas was a heartless, selfish man, he was loyal to his grandfather. Nelson adored Melinda and the two of them were afraid that Jonas would listen to him and bring her home.
	"I know. She is a real bitch," Yulia grunted and hung up the call.
	She decided to go to the living room and see what Queena was up to. She needed to somehow intensify Queena's hatred for Melinda. Queena was busy arranging the flowers and a servant was helping her.
	Although Yulia had no interest in self-cultivation, she thought that it would be a great opportunity to interact with Queena.
	"Aunt Queena, are you arranging flowers? Can you teach me?" Yulia asked, smiling sweetly.
	But Queena ignored her and continued to arrange the flowers.
	"Aunt Queena, are you sure that my brother has divorced Melinda? A friend of mine had seen Melinda make out with a man. She had been seeing the two of them hang out a lot. Do you think she's been cheating on my brother the entire time?"
	Queena finally stopped and looked at her. If Melinda had been cheating on Jonas, the reputation of the Gu family would crumble down.
	"Melinda is an ungrateful woman. My brother is such a good man, but she wasn't satisfied with him. She started seducing other men to satiate her desires. She doesn't care about the Gu family." Yulia was satisfied to talk ill of Melinda. When Jonas entered the mansion, he heard Yulia making vile remarks about Melinda.
	Melinda had only met Kent to have a cup of coffee, but Yulia had twisted the whole thing, peppered the story with her imagination, and made Melinda seem like a horrible person.
	Jonas knew what had happened. Even though he despised Melinda, he hated to see Yulia trash her.
	"Stop it, Yulia! That's enough. Don't talk about something unless you know the truth. I was also there today," Jonas bellowed.
	Everyone was shocked by Jonas's words and they looked at Yulia with contempt.
	Queena's mouth twitched and she couldn't help but smirk at her. Yulia was prone to humiliating herself in front of everyone.
	Yulia's cheeks had turned red with embarrassment. She stormed off to her bedroom and shut the door. She couldn't shake off the disgusting look on everyone's face.
	Yulia was powerless in the house, so she vented her anger on the servants. Even though she was an illegitimate daughter, the servants had to obey her. Gavin couldn't endure Yulia's torture. He had complained about her to Queena but she didn't seem to care about it. Nelson was still in the hospital and there was no one to stop Yulia.
	Nelson had become furious and left the Gu's mansion to stay in the hospital. He was disappointed with Jonas. Melinda was completely oblivious to it, but Nelson thought that she hadn't come to see him because she was mad at him as well.
	Jonas completed the discharge formalities and was ready to take Nelson back home. But Nelson was adamant about staying back in the hospital.
	"Grandpa, it's not my fault. It was her decision to divorce me," Jonas said helplessly.
	"You'd have done something to hurt her. Otherwise, she wouldn't have gone to the extent of divorcing you. She has a lot of patience. You'd have forced her to do this," Nelson grumbled.
	Jonas could see that his grandfather was active and it was time for him to return home.
	Jonas somehow managed to bring Nelson home. The servants were waiting for Nelson's arrival and Gavin breathed a sigh of relief when he saw him enter the house.
	"Is it true that Melinda is never going to come back? She can always be my granddaughter even if she isn't married to my grandson," Nelson said, smiling sadly.
	Jonas didn't answer, but Yulia was burning with rage. Nelson didn't seem to consider her as his granddaughter at all.
	"I want you to call her right away and apologize," Nelson said sternly.
	Yulia immediately stepped forward and held Nelson's hands. "Grandpa, Melinda is happy with Kent. Why would she come back?" Nelson arched an eyebrow and looked at her with suspicion.
	"Melinda was seeing Kent even before she divorced my brother. Jonas is innocent."
	Nelson glared at Yulia. She was supporting Jonas whilst assassinating Melinda's character.
	"Shut up! I know Melinda very well. She is a wonderful girl."
	Melinda had always obeyed him and handled everything with care. Nelson was concerned about her but she always smiled and assured him that she was okay. He couldn't hear Yulia degrade her.
	"Grandpa, I didn't say anything wrong. Many people have seen her with a man. If you don't trust me, go to her house right now. She'll be with a man called Kent," Yulia said angrily.
	Yulia had sent one of her men to find out what Melinda had been doing. The man found her hanging out with Kent and had secretly taken pictures of them.
	"Shut up, Yulia!" Nelson's face turned red with rage.
	He was an angry man and a strict grandfather. He had been rude to everyone in the Gu family except for Melinda.
	"Melinda is not with your brother anymore. She has the right to choose a partner. She can be with anyone she wants to and that's none of your business. I don't want you to disturb her anymore."
	Nelson knew Yulia very well. He had always been protective of Melinda and people were afraid of harming her. But Melinda didn't belong to the Gu family anymore and Nelson knew that Yulia would have no qualms about tormenting her.
	When Nelson turned around, he saw that Jonas was gone. He sighed and shook his head.
	Jonas understood that he couldn't avoid his grandfather's question anymore. Nelson was waiting for him when he returned home in the evening.
	"Have you not tried contacting her?"
	"No, Grandpa, we aren't together anymore and she is with Kent now. You should leave her alone."
	Jealousy resided in the pit of his stomach. Jonas had been keeping track of what was going on in Melinda's life. But he didn't tell Nelson about it.
	Melinda was a different person now. She was enjoying her newfound freedom.
	No matter what Nelson asked, Jonas continued to avoid his questions. He couldn't understand his emotions and sharing his feelings with his grandfather would be the last thing he'd want to do.
Chapter 21 Luke
	Nelson was aware that it was useless for him to try and get any news about Melinda from Jonas. So he requested Gavin to investigate the matter for him.
	He was very happy to learn that Melinda had been keeping herself busy by writing some works and she had even finished a book that was about to be published.
	"It seems that the Gu family had been holding back her potential for all these years."
	Nelson had his own connections, so although Melinda's book hadn't been published yet, he still had managed to get a sample. He looked at the carefully written words in the book, and was intrigued by her personal experiences that she had articulated with so much emotion.
	Her sadness flowed through every word that she wrote, captivating the reader who could feel every pain that Melinda wrote about, as if it was their own. It was the first time that Nelson had ever doubted his decision to keep Jonas and Melinda married.
	"Mr. Nelson, Melinda always made her own choices despite your influence, you can't blame yourself for everything," Gavin comforted Nelson.
	Back then, Melinda had been brave and had a crush on Jonas. When she learned that she could marry him, she didn't care about any other things and made sure that she was married to him. She tried to stay in the marriage, struggling against hope and disappointment over the years, but she finally gave up and chose to get out of it quickly.
	"Anyway, Mellie is a member of the Gu family. I need to protect her. I'll support her in the future when her books are published. Gavin, you have to make arrangements but make sure that it is anonymous and no one ever finds out about my involvement in her professional life."
	Nelson seemed to have come up with a solution and made up his mind. Although Melinda was not his grandson's wife anymore, he would still protect her.
	Once the novel was published, Melinda was out of the woods; she was no longer so tight on cash and could even afford to take a break. She rested for a short period before getting back on the road to look for a job. Learning from her previous experience of being tricked, she didn't dare to look for work through an agency. Instead, she went to a commercial office building to find a job.
	Lady Luck was smiling upon her, so when the editor learned that she was looking for a job, she recommended her to one of her friends, who worked in the planning department of a small-scale cultural company.
	Melinda liked this job very much. It was right up her alley and matched what she had specialized in as her major. Moreover, she had relatively more free working hours, which gave her time to do her own things.
	Seeing that she had gradually settled down, Kent began to pursue her in earnest and tried to up his game. He drove her to and from work daily, and it took him less than three days to get familiar with Melinda's workmates at her department.
	He was handsome, elegant and polite, but the most important thing was that he brought food for them every day. He quickly won over her workmates, and although she still vehemently denied that there was anything between them, the people in the department all believed that he was her boyfriend.
	If that was not the case, then they would try their best to bring them together.
	"Hi, Kent! Are you here to pick Mellie up again?" a colleague greeted Kent warmly as soon as Kent arrived at Melinda's department.
	Kent smiled and gave them the stuff he had bought. Then someone shouted, "Kent, here you are again, with wonderful food!"
	"Where is Mellie?"
	asked Kent as he walked to Melinda's desk and found no one there.
	"She is in the washroom. But she is not doing well today. You might be a father, Kent," a colleague said jokingly, but Kent frowned unconsciously.
	Melinda had not promised to be his girlfriend yet. It was a mere fantasy for Kent to be a father, especially for Melinda's baby.
	"Yeah. She has vomited several times today," another colleague stated as they ate the food Kent had brought.
	But Kent was worried and was no longer excited at all.
	Just then, Melinda came out of the bathroom. After vomiting, she looked as pale as a sheet and very frightening.
	"Please give me a minute, Kent," Melinda said weakly.
	They had made an appointment to go out for dinner that evening, so she was not surprised to see Kent in her office. However, after seeing her weak appearance, Kent grew more worried and less interested in the date.
	"You should go to the hospital and have a check-up. You need to know if it's food poisoning or it could be something else more serious," Kent stated as he fretted around her.
	Kent was not at ease. Thinking of what her colleague had said, indicating that Melinda had vomited several times, he could not help but worry about her. After all, she loved herself very much. There was nothing between them, so it was impossible for her to be pregnant. That was why he was worried that she might have eaten something bad.
	He was a smart man. The statement about her constant vomiting explained why her colleagues had come to the conclusion that she was pregnant.
	"No, I don't think it's food poisoning. My diet has been normal and constant without much change, and I haven't been eating out much. But my appetite has been very poor lately and I have a lot of discomforts in my abdomen."
	Thinking of the discomfort she had been feeling for the last two days, Melinda was also a little worried. She therefore did not object to Kent's proposal to take her to the hospital. She simply tidied up and followed him to the hospital.
	There were always many people in the hospital at any given time. Melinda sat on the chair to rest a little bit as Kent helped her by waiting in line for the registration process. By the time everything was done, more than an hour had passed.
	"Did you have surgery recently?"
	"Yes, I had a miscarriage some time back," explained Melinda without showing any emotion.
	When she had gone through her miscarriage, Melinda came to this hospital alone, and once the procedure was done, she went back home. Although she had recuperated when she was pricked by the vase fragments, the doctor ignored the miscarriage history and focused on the wound on her back.
	"I suggest that you visit the gynecology department. It's probably the surgical wound that is inflamed," the doctor explained to Melinda while writing down a prescription for her.
	Kent accompanied Melinda to the gynecology department for a physical examination. It turned out that where they had made the incision during surgery was inflamed.
	Melinda's situation seemed like a small medical accident. Because of the negligence of the doctors, the incision was not treated well and therefore she now had an infection which made it inflamed. Fortunately, it was caught on time, or it would have festered and become more serious, which would be harmful to her health.
	"Damn it. How could the doctor have been so careless? Have a good rest, Melinda. I will deal with this matter," Ken stated in anger.
	He seemed to grow angrier by the minute. Once he thought of the consequences that the doctor had just said, he felt terrified. He couldn't bear to see Melinda suffer any more.
	Melinda had rarely seen Kent that angry. His nostrils flared like an angry bull ready to charge at a crowd. Melinda, on the other hand, was not too worried. She reasoned that since the doctors had found her problem in time, she would be fine after some time of treatment.
	"Melinda, you have no idea if you are the only victim," Kent said with passion.
	Melinda was speechless. Although she was fine and she had found the issues on time, what if it was someone else?
	Melinda found that she didn't have a valid reason to prevent Kent from confronting the doctors. Soon, Kent found the doctor who had treated her. The doctor was on duty at the hospital that time.
	Kent seemed to be gentle, polite and exterior. However, he was an astute business man and knew how to confront his opponents without having to shout. His aggressive attitude seemed mild but he was tough enough to make the doctor sweat.
	"It's my fault. I had just performed a major operation and was too tired. Mr. Jiang, I'm sorry, but I hope this can be handled in private, otherwise it can cost me my practicing license."
	The doctor also felt guilty. If things got worse, her practicing license would be revoked and she wouldn't be able to practice any kind of medicine anymore.
	"So your excuse is that you were irresponsible for other patients just because of a major operation? Is this how you act as a professional doctor? What happened to the Hippocratic oath?" Kent asked mildly.
	The doctor was about to say something when a woman's voice came from outside the door.
	"Kent, it's my fault too. I should have taken more rest. It's not entirely the doctor's fault."
	Although Melinda was uneasy staying in the hospital, especially after she heard what the doctor said, she decided not to hold the doctor accountable.
	The accident at home was unknown. During her examination just now, the doctor also observed that it was because she used some over the counter medications which were not appropriate for her condition.
	"Miss Mo, I'm very sorry for the negligence, you can't take responsibility for my actions. Can we resolve this issue in private?"
	"It's okay. I just hope that you can be more careful in the future. If you feel tired, you need to have enough rest before taking on another patient."
	Melinda had always seen on the news and social media how doctors would fall down while at the operating table due to exhaustion, so she was very aware of the situation. Seeing that Melinda was not going to pursue the matter further, Kent didn't argue anymore. The doctor hesitated feeling guilty, and decided to personally oversee Melinda's affairs while she was in the hospital.
	The hospital where Melinda had been admitted in was a bit short on ward, especially for the department of gynecology. Other departments were not as overwhelmed, so they could take better care of Melinda. The doctor therefore organized for her to be moved to an adjacent double ward which belonged to the pediatric department.
	Apart from Melinda, there was also a little boy in the room. Seeing the new comer, he was curious and kept asking questions.
	Perhaps because Melinda had lost a child before, she seemed very patient with him. She looked at the little boy and talked with him for a while. At last, Kent stood by and reminded her that she needed to take a rest.
	"Are you sick? Dad said that you should have a good rest if you are sick. I also need a rest, let's have a rest together."
	The boy's tender tone made people smile although he reasoned like an adult. Melinda was tired and fell asleep soon.
	Kent didn't leave. The boy played iPad by himself for a while and soon also fell asleep. Silence filled the ward.
	Melinda had asked for sick leave from the company, and so she was able to have a good rest at the hospital. The little boy kept her company the whole time. He told her many interesting things in his own childish way. She came up with a new idea for her book inspired by the boy as one of her characters.
	After discussing with the editor for a while, Melinda set the background of the characters and prepared to get down to writing a new manuscript.
	"Hey, are you writing your diary?"
	The boy was called Luke Zhou and he was brilliant, although still in kindergarten where he was always at the top of his class. He knew a lot of words, but he could only read a limited number of them. When he saw Melinda busy typing in front of the computer, he assumed it was a diary.
	"No, I'm writing stories," Melinda answered gently.
	"What kind of story? May I read it? I like to read stories."
	The stories Luke Zhou read were obviously different from what Melinda was writing. Melinda laughed and ruffled his hair, making it look messier than before although he looked very cute.
	"It will be boring for you to read this kind of story. I will find another story for you."
	"Is it like what Dad has been reading?" Luke Zhou asked curiously. His father was always busy reading something, but his father didn't treat him as gently as Melinda did. He always threw him a random story book to read.
	"Maybe it's the same one, let's see what I can get."
	Melinda searched for a story online. As soon as she started reading, Luke Zhou continued reading for himself. Once he was finished reading word for word, he looked at Melinda with happiness, as he expected her to compliment him for finishing the story.
	Obviously, Luke Zhou had heard the common story many times. But following their regular conversations, Melinda was surprised to find that although he was very young, he knew a lot of other things.
	"Luke, you are so smart!"
	"My parents always say I've picked up a few skills over the years."
	Luke Zhou was proud of himself, like a peacock. After a while, he talked about his parents. It was not until then that Melinda learned that they were in the same industry although their level was relatively higher than her.
	Luke Zhou's father was the boss of Grand Culture Company which was well-known in A City. So she got interested instantly to hear more about him.
	However, it seemed that she hadn't seen Luke Zhou's parents for the many days that she had been in hospital.
Chapter 22 Living Together
	Luke finally told Melinda that his father was on a business trip. He and his father had been video chatting in the beginning, but since Luke had a bad temper, they had stopped talking altogether. Melinda had been keeping him company and Luke had forgotten about his father.
	Melinda was glad about meeting Luke. Otherwise, she would have been lonely in the hospital.
	Kent was busy with work and couldn't stay with Melinda all the time.
	"Luke, your father must be having a lot of problems to deal with. He perhaps misses you and wants to talk with you. He will be upset if you ignore him," Melinda said.
	Luke frowned.
	"Really?" he asked, cocking his head to one side.
	"Yeah. I think you should call your father and tell him that you miss him. He'll be happy to hear from you."
	Melinda smiled. She could understand what Luke's father must have been going through, and she somehow wanted to reunite them.
	Luke listened to Melinda and finally called his father. Melinda watched the two of them interact happily with a small smile on her face. Luke had missed his father terribly and his anger disappeared in an instant. He was telling his father about what he had been up to and even mentioned about Melinda.
	"Melinda, Dad said that he'd be coming to see me today. He has even brought a toy for me," Luke said, clapping his hands excitedly.
	Melinda wished she were a child too. Children led simple lives. They could forgive and forget easily. Life got complicated when you grew up and you had no choice but to survive through the storm.
	Luke's father arrived at the hospital in the evening. Although he looked tired, the resemblance between him and Luke was uncanny.
	He had brought a fruit basket for Melinda as Luke had been talking nonstop about her.
	"Dad, Melinda is a writer too. She is brilliant!"
	Luke loved his new toy and enjoyed playing with it. He was explaining about Melinda's short stories to his father, which surprised Melinda a little. She didn't know that he had been paying attention to her all this time.
	Jack Zhou was shocked by his son's words. He turned his head to look at Melinda who was smiling politely.
	"Miss Mo, what kind of stories do you write?"
	Jack Zhou asked.
	"I write novels. It's very satisfying to write about people and create a world with words."
	Melinda had written several novels. Writing was a means of escape for her. She could forget all her problems and trouble by weaving a story of her own.
	"Have you published any of your work?"
	"You mean on the Internet? Well, I was planning to do it in the beginning. But with my friend's help, I finally gathered the courage to publish my work in a magazine."
	Jack Zhou became interested in Melinda. They continued to talk about her writing journey. He made a note of Melinda's short stories and asked his assistant to arrange them for him to read.
	Jack Zhou helped Melinda create an official account on the website of Grand Culture Company. She was soon invited to attend the party. Melinda was finally happy to see good things happen in her life.
	Luke was oblivious to what was going on and was casting curious glances at Melinda. He recognized the logo of Grand Culture Company and understood that his dad had been helping her. His heart swelled with joy.
	Melinda had a lot of ideas in mind. Jack Zhou understood her potential and directly arranged for an editor to communicate with her.
	A lot of bloggers recommended Melinda's works and she soon became a popular writer. Luke had been constantly raving about Melinda to Jack Zhou. He realized that Melinda was an honest, sincere, and hardworking woman, and therefore, he quickly arranged a contract for her to sign.
	Melinda was reading an article about her and her books. She read all the comments and appreciation from her fans on the website. She promised herself never to disappoint her loyal fans.
	Kent was thrilled to witness Melinda's success. When Kent praised him, Luke grew very happy.
	Melinda was gradually recuperating. The doctors said that she could go back home, so Melinda finished all the discharge formalities and was ready to leave. But part of her wanted to stay back because of Luke. Melinda had developed a strong bond with him and was upset about leaving him.
	"I will come and see you every day, I promise," she said, ruffling his hair. "I'll bring all your favorite food, but you should also be a good boy and listen to what the nurses and doctors say. Only then will you be able to recover soon."
	She had seen Luke throw tantrums at people but he had always been kind to her and listened to her advice.
	After the nurses found out that Melinda was going to leave the hospital, they became worried about feeding and taking care of Luke. They were especially concerned about how he would react when they administered the medicines as Luke was afraid of needles and injections.
	Once Melinda was discharged from the hospital, Kent took the day off to take care of her. She didn't carry many things, so she packed her things in a small bag, and left after saying goodbye to Luke.
	"It's windy outside. Put your coat on."
	Kent slipped her coat across Melinda's shoulders, knelt down, and buttoned her coat. The coat was long and came down till her shin. Melinda's cheeks turned red with embarrassment as she tucked her hair behind her ear. Kent secured the final button and smoothed her coat.
	"Thank you, Kent."
	Melinda smiled gratefully. She waited by the gate of the hospital as Kent went to bring the car from the parking lot.
	The cold wind pierced her body and Melinda's teeth began to chatter as she hugged herself.
	Jonas had come to the hospital to get Nelson's report and saw Melinda standing by the gate. Her face was pale and her cheeks were red. She was rubbing her hands to warm her body. Melinda looked puny under the enormous coat. Jonas was worried that she might get knocked by the force of the wind.
	Holley was in the car too. She knitted her eyebrows when she saw Jonas staring at something intently. She followed his gaze and found that he was looking at Melinda. Anger rose from the bottom of her stomach. She pinched herself so hard that her nails almost pierced her skin.
	"Mr. Gu, that woman is your ex-wife, isn't she?" Holley asked, emphasizing the word "ex".
	Jonas ignored her and steered the car towards the empty space of the parking lot. Jonas glanced at Melinda again and saw Kent step out of the car. He opened a blanket and draped it across Melinda's shoulders.
	Jonas was instantly annoyed by Kent's gesture.
	"Kent, you're being overprotective. This is unnecessary."
	Melinda shook her head and smiled. She felt warmer after she got into the car. It had been a long time since she had gone home. She decided to go shopping first to get the essentials.
	Jonas got the inspection report and accompanied Holley to the mall as she wanted to buy something. Holley saw Melinda and Kent walk out of the mall happily. Kent was carrying the grocery bags like a doting husband.
	"They look happy, don't they? I've never seen Melinda this happy before," Holley said.
	Jonas's face was expressionless and she couldn't guess what was going on in his mind. But Holley knew that men always craved for things they couldn't have.
	Although Jonas hated Melinda, she was his wife once. He was a proud man and hated to see her with another man.
	"Looks like they've known each other for a long time. I mean, look at how close they are."
	Holley's words were brewing a storm in Jonas's heart. His hatred and jealousy for Kent grew multifold.
	"Look, you can go back home if you don't have anything to do. I'm busy and don't have the time to hang out with you," Jonas grunted. Holley pursed her lips and stared at him, but she was secretly enjoying his response.
	"I think they're living together. That's why they've come to get the daily essentials. Honestly, I'm jealous of Melinda. She has finally found her true love."
	Although Holley was trying to provoke Jonas, her words were true. She had always envied Melinda. She hated that everyone adored her.
	Jonas was infuriated. He had suspected that something was going on between Melinda and Kent. Holley's words added fuel to the fire. The two of them were looking like a happy couple indeed. Jonas's heart sank. He felt as if someone had taken away his most prized possession. He couldn't let them have it. Melinda couldn't belong to anyone else and he wanted to destroy their relationship.
	Jonas asked Holley to get off the car and drove back to his company. Holley would have been angry before, but now, she was pleased to see him like this.
	She was sure that Jonas would never bring Melinda back to the Gu family.
	As soon as Jonas walked into the company, he instructed his secretary to send someone to monitor Melinda. The secretary was shocked but obeyed his orders.
	Jonas couldn't comprehend his feelings. Everything seemed confusing. He couldn't understand why he still cared for Melinda even after he had divorced her.
	Jonas told himself that he wanted to find evidence to prove Melinda and Kent's secret affair. Then he could show it to Nelson so that he wouldn't bother Jonas anymore.
	Melinda was blissfully unaware of what was going on. Kent didn't allow her to eat outside as he didn't want her to fall sick again, so he made dinner for her. Jonas's informant clicked a picture of Kent serving food for Melinda.
	"Kent, thank you. I'm sorry for all the trouble," she smiled.
	Melinda felt better after the refreshing shower. She changed into a housecoat and plopped on the chair. The delicious aroma of food made her stomach grumble.
	"If you think you're troubling me, start taking care of yourself," Kent said as he placed the dishes on the table.
	Melinda loved Kent's cooking and began to clumsily gulp the food down. She was used to eating with him and didn't bother being elegant.
	Jonas's body was shaking with anger when he received the pictures of Melinda and Kent having dinner together.
	He ripped the photos and threw them in the air.
	Jonas didn't expect Melinda to move on easily. He was used to seeing her follow him like a loyal puppy. He couldn't digest the fact that she was with another man now.
	"Boss, do you want us to continue monitoring Miss Mo?" the secretary asked cautiously.
	Jonas's veins popped out on his forehead. He was furious and the secretary was afraid of pissing him off.
	"Yes,"
	Jonas said through gritted teeth.
Chapter 23 Janet
	As the secretary, he could only follow the CEO's orders. Shaking his head, the secretary told himself not to think too much into what had transpired.
	But he had to contact the informant once again, because he had asked him to get away.
	After dinner, Kent went back after staying in Melinda's place for a while. Melinda was recuperating well and had made improvements in her health. She went to bed after writing a chapter.
	As for Kent, who had just gotten back home, his day wasn't ending as well as he thought it would. When he got home, the door was wide open. Only a few people had the key to his house. He was sure that his parents must have come since they were the only people brave enough to come to his house unannounced.
	As expected, Kent came into the house and saw his parents sitting on the sofa. Each of them had a cup of tea, with nuts piled on a small plate for themselves. They were engrossed on a program they were watching on TV.
	"Dad, Mom, why are you here?"
	Kent changed his shoes and walked towards them. He checked his phone, but there was no call. It seemed that his parents hadn't called him at all.
	"Since you never come home to visit us, we may as well take the mountain to Mohamed and decided to visit you instead. Why are you always so busy with your work that you have no time to visit even your family? Have you had dinner yet?" Kent's mother, Janet, asked with dissatisfaction.
	Her son had always been busy as soon as he grew up, and didn't go home often. He had even taken the habit of working late into the night; how could he take care of himself with such a crazy schedule? He needed a girlfriend to keep him company and take care of his needs.
	"I have already eaten," said Kent, not wanting to agitate his mother further.
	He walked to the sofa and sat across from his parents. He had already gotten used to his mother's nagging and her impromptu appearances at his apartment. He could almost guess exactly what she was thinking.
	"Son, are you just coming back from work at this time?" Janet asked tentatively.
	Kent's father seemed to be concentrating on the TV, because that was where his eyes were looking, although all his mind was focused on the conversation between his son and wife.
	"Yes."
	"Son, it's time for you to get a girlfriend. You can't only work all day long. How about dating someone after work?" asked Janet
	She had come to visit her son this time with a very specific agenda. She wanted to discuss the direction in which Kent's life was taking. Janet was worried that her son's age mates back in their hometown all had children who were big enough to run around.
	"Mom, it's still too early for me to get married. I'm not in a hurry."
	He knew that all his mother cared about was marriage. In the past few years, he had always been in love with Melinda, so he had never dated any other girl. His mother on the other hand had been so worried that she had even begun to question his sexual orientation. She had once accosted him and repeatedly made him promise that he was straight before she could let him go.
	But shortly after, she had begun to urge him to get married every chance she got.
	"You're in your late 20s. You're old enough. Do you remember your primary school classmates?" Janet began her usual train of rants insinuating that someone's child was already going to school and Kent should bring his girlfriend home to introduce the new girl to her and his father and get married soon.
	"Your father and I are still young. If you have a child now, we can help to look after him; however, when we get old in the future, you can only look after him by yourselves. You don't know anything, and you can't take good care of a child..." Janet reiterated her exhortation once again.
	Kent listened to her, silently absorbing her standard speech which at this point he could recite word for word. He was amazed at his mother's tenacity, and he didn't understand how his mother never got tired of saying the same thing over and over again.
	He knew clearly that in his parents' eyes, he was not young any more. So he always listened silently when his mother talked without interrupting her.
	"Mom, don't worry. I am searching and as soon as I have a girlfriend, I will bring her back to meet you," said Kent.
	He had always made perfunctory statements as he tried to pacify his mother, but this time he actually made a promise to her, because he was actively pursuing Melinda who had finally left the Gu family. He was sure that he had a chance now.
	"Do you think that it is so easy to deceive me since I am an old woman now? My friend has already informed me that she has spotted you several times going to the hospital to take care of a girl. Why do you spend so much time taking care of her if she is not your girlfriend? If you really have a girlfriend, you know you can always bring her home. I am not an animal, I won't eat her."
	Janet's friend had gone to the hospital for a regular examination as she had not feeling well recently. She happened to see Kent with Melinda several times and told Janet about it. Therefore, Kent's mother could not wait to come to his home with her husband and find out the truth behind his weird behavior.
	Kent was tongue tied; he didn't know that his mother had a battalion of spies watching over his love life. He didn't know how to answer the question.
	"Could it be that the girl doesn't like you and it is unrequited love?" Janet said, dramatically covering her mouth with her hand.
	She thought it was impossible. Her son was so outstanding, in her eyes. Kent was her joy and pride, so she had always ignored such a conjecture.
	As for the reason why Kent was single till now, Janet only believed there were two issues. One was that he was gay, and the other was that her son's demands and requirement for the right girl were too high.
	"Mom, stop talking about this topic for now, please change the subject. We can talk about it later in the future," Kent requested his mother politely.
	Kent didn't want to mess up his relationship with Melinda. She had finally allowed him into her life and was very polite to him, so he didn't want to frighten her away. After all, he had been waiting for so many years. He wouldn't be in a hurry.
	"Well, that's enough. Our son has grown up, and he knows what to do."
	Kent looked at his father, Charles Jiang, with pleading eyes and Charles Jiang decided to help him out. Kent was relieved and immediately took the opportunity to hide in the study away from his mother's prying eyes. He gave the excuse that he had something to deal with.
	Unfortunately, Charles Jiang got himself into trouble after his son got out of the room. Janet kept talking to Charles the whole night, lamenting over their son's non-existent love life.
	The next morning, when Kent went to work, Janet changed her clothes, disguised herself and then followed him secretly.
	She closely watched him as Kent went to Melinda's place to pick her up and brought breakfast for her. Janet followed him with a big smile on her face. She couldn't help taking out her phone and taking many photos of Melinda.
	Melinda was quiet and polite at first sight, which made elderly people really attracted to her character and like her very much.
	Janet liked the girl too. She thought her son's requirement was really high, but fortunately this girl seemed to be well behaved and respectable.
	When Melinda returned to her department, her colleagues came up to greet her. They even put a bunch of flowers on her desk and helped her with the work that had accumulated the whole time she had been sick and taken a break.
	This kind of concern made Melinda very happy. Since she had married Jonas, she had not interacted with a lot of people and always felt out of place, but now she actually felt as if she belonged and was actually enjoying herself.
	At noon, when she invited her colleagues for lunch, Kent stopped working and went to accompany her. They were joking and making fun of each other and asking Kent who had invited him for lunch. Of course, it was Kent who ended up paying for the bill in the end.
	Janet kept following them until noon. Seeing that they were together anytime they had a break, she was certain that they were in a relationship. When she returned home, she showed photos of Melinda to Charles Jiang. Charles Jiang praised Melinda very much and thought she was very pretty and good enough for their son.
	"I told you that there must be something happening for our son to leave so early and come back home late in the night," stated Janet with excitement.
	Then she began going through the photos she had taken once again just to confirm that she had seen her son with a woman. She acknowledged that she was really good at photography, marveling at the wonderful pictures she had taken. On second thought, she realized that maybe it was because the girl was so beautiful that no matter how bad her photography skills were, she still looked dazzling.
	Kent still picked up Melinda from work in the evening, but he couldn't have dinner with her because his parents were waiting for him at home.
	"Kent, I didn't know your parents are here, I'm so sorry I have been taking so much of your time. I even let you pick me up after work. Please go home quickly and entertain them."
	Melinda felt sorry for him. If she had known that his parents were visiting, she would have chosen to take the subway or a taxi back to her apartment.
	"It's okay. It's not safe for a girl to go out alone."
	While Kent was still talking, Melinda had already unfastened the seat belt and was ready to get off the car. Just then, Kent's cell phone rang, and the screen showed that it was his mother who was calling.
	For some reason, Kent had a bad feeling.
	"Mom, I just got off duty. I'll be home soon," Kent said directly as he gave Melinda an apologetic smile.
	Melinda stopped moving around and sat there quietly waiting for him to finish.
	"Why did you come back so soon? Had you gone to pick up your girlfriend?"
	Janet had planned to ask Kent to bring the girl back home. When she heard that Kent was ready to go home after work, she became anxious.
	"Mom, I have told you before, I don't have a girlfriend."
	Massaging his eyebrows, Kent said helplessly. His mother was really stubborn.
	"Don't lie to me. I saw that girl today. She is a good girl. Why don't you want to bring her home? What are you thinking about? I'm telling you, I like her very much. Don't let me down," Janet said.
	Kent froze for a second wondering what she was talking about. She said that she saw her and indicated that it was today. "Mom, have you been following me around?"
	"If I had not followed you, I wouldn't have known that you have been hiding such a big secret from me. I'm telling you, if you don't bring that girl back home so that we can meet her, your father and I will live here with you forever."
	"Mom..." Kent was about to say something more, but Janet interrupted him and hung up. Melinda didn't know what to say, so she just sat there innocently waiting for Kent to calm down.
	Janet spoke in a low voice, but the space in the car was too small, so Melinda could hear a few things that were said.
	"I'm sorry. There seems some misunderstanding between my mother and me," Kent said sheepishly.
	However, he was looking forward to seeing how Melinda would react.
	"It doesn't matter. Your mother is very lovely," Melinda said with a smile.
	Hearing that, Kent shook his head in dismay. His mother was the most troublesome person he knew, but thinking of the last threat she had issued, Kent began to worry again.
	He looked at Melinda, a little hesitant. He had been afraid to ask for clarity about the state of their relationship for a long time. He was afraid that if he said anything, it would probably affect their friendship, but now he wanted to take advantage of this chance and ask her.
	"Melinda, I have a request to make."
	Kent took a deep breath and spoke hesitantly. His words almost used up all of his courage. He could feel his heart beating so fast and wildly that he thought she could hear it from where she was sitting.
	"Kent, you can just tell me if something is wrong with your parents. You have helped me so much, how can I not help you when you need it? I will help you as long as I can."
	Melinda had always been grateful to Kent. If she could help him, she would not hesitate to do everything in her power.
	"My mother thinks that you are my girlfriend and is insisting that I take you home for introductions," Kent spoke very fast as if he spoke any slower, his courage would disappear. He was sure that she might have heard his mother's loud threats.
	Melinda didn't want to have an ambiguous relationship with Kent and always tried to make it clear so that they were not confused.
	"Well, considering how much you have come through for me so many times, I'll just help you this time, only this one time. Okay?" Melinda said with a smile.
	She was a highly emotionally intelligent person. Her few words not only saved the two of them from embarrassment, but also explained her position on their relationship.
	"Thanks for your understanding."
	The smile Kent gave her was a little bitter, because he was now clear on exactly how she felt about him, but he still covered it up well.
	"How about we wait for two days? We both have time over the weekend," Melinda suggested. Kent nodded in agreement as they got off the car together.
	The lights in the corridor where she lived were off. Melinda didn't refuse for him to escort her to her apartment because she was afraid of the dark.
	"I'm home. Thank you, Kent." She then entered the room and Kent didn't leave until the door was closed.
Chapter 24 Online Dramas
	Kent looked at the closed door in deep thought. Then he turned around and went back home. Janet who had been busy preparing dinner because she was expecting a visitor, did a double take. When she realized that he had come back alone, she peeped through the window checking if the girl was still in the car.
	"Where is she?"
	After Janet confirmed that there was no one else except for Kent, she stared at him expectantly waiting for an explanation from him. Although Charles looked very calm and disinterested in their discussion, he had actually been looking forward to meeting his future daughter-in-law.
	His son was no longer a little boy and it was time to start acting like an adult, since with adulthood came certain expectations.
	"Mom, please don't ever do that again, following me around as if I am a common criminal. I will probably bring her home and introduce her to you in a few days. However, please take note that she is not my girlfriend."
	Kent felt that he needed to explain to his parents the nature of their relationship in case they build up false hope. As soon as he stated that they were not in a relationship, his mother's mood made a 360 degree change as if she was a roller coaster.
	She was relieved to hear that he was willing to bring her home. But as soon as he mentioned that she was not his girlfriend, everything just didn't make sense for Janet.
	"She's not your girlfriend? What do you mean? Then why do you treat her so well? Could it be that you really are in a one-sided love affair?"
	Janet looked at her son in disbelief. The minute she saw Melinda she thought she was an excellent person and was a perfect fit for her son and they balanced each other out.
	"Well, don't push him too hard. It's a good thing that the girl is willing to come home with him," said Charles.
	Charles came out to mediate the dispute between Janet and Kent since things just seemed to be escalating. Janet reluctantly dropped the subject and Kent breathed a sigh of relief, as the family was finally able to enjoy the wonderful dinner that his mother had slaved over.
	The first thing Melinda did after she came back home was to close the windows and doors to keep off the strong winds; then she began to prepare dinner. Although there was a lot of food in the fridge, she prepared a simple dish of noodles for her dinner.
	Meanwhile on the other side, the secretary was frightened again when he received the photos from the person he had dispatched. He finally gained courage and knocked on the door.
	Jonas was still working. Melinda always thought that he was a strange man and couldn't understand his contradictory character. He was a workaholic, but strangely enough, he still had enough time on his hands to spend much time with different women.
	"Mr. Gu," the secretary said, as he gingerly stepped into the office cautiously.
	Jonas looked up instantly. His blood shot eyes were as fiery and frightening as an eagle's. He had been eagerly waiting for the news, like the masochist that he was, hurting himself day in, day out.
	Although in his mind he didn't think that his behavior was self-abuse at all. He had managed to convince himself that it was a necessary step towards pursuing the truth and convincing his grandfather that Melinda was not as innocent as he assumed. This was the only way he could feel a bit relieved from the pressure that always built up on his chest every time he saw his secretary.
	But in many cases, he also didn't welcome the temporary release. It was a complicated feeling that he didn't want to dwell on much. As soon as that thought crossed Jonas's mind, it only lasted for about three seconds before he shoved it at the back of his mind.
	"These are the photos that were taken today."
	The secretary took out the photos which showed Melinda and Kent getting out of the car together, as they went into the apartment building. There were also several photos of the two in the car not doing anything of interest, although, because of the angle the photos were taken, they looked a little intimate.
	"You can get off work now and you don't have to monitor them anymore," said Jonas.
	His secretary nodded and left quickly breathing a sigh of relief. It was true that jobs that paid high salaries also came with a higher level of risk. However, working for Mr. Gu involved a new level of risk taking, and even the simple act of breathing was considered a precious commodity.
	The photos were scattered all over his desk. Jonas took another swiping look at them and gave a cold snort as he stared at them gloomily. He shook his head as if trying to clear his mind from the gloomy topic, and then he went back to handling his work documents.
	He had been receiving the photos for a while now, indicating that the relationship between Kent and Melinda was unusual. It seemed Jonas had underestimated Melinda. He didn't expect that although Melinda looked so innocent, she had already been with someone else.
	Jonas had been signing on a document although distracted, when he heard a weird sound. He lowered his head to find the source of the sound and realized that the document was forcefully scratched that some pieces of paper were torn.
	The destroyed piece of paper was a testament of the powerful force and terrifying anger he was harboring.
	Jonas stared blankly at the document, then irritably picked it up and threw it into the trash can. Rubbing his eyebrows, he gently tried to massage his temples to ease the pressure building up in his head. He was inexplicably angry and in urgent need of an avenue to vent.
	Although there wasn't any urgent matter that required his attention, to warrant his tendencies to work late, he still didn't go home. Any time he went back home, he was sure to always see his grandfather frowning and looking at him discontentedly, and always judging his choices.
	It seemed that Melinda left because of his actions. When he looked at the photos, which showed how happy the couple were, he wanted to show the photos to his grandfather. His intention was to wipe off the discontented looks from his grandfather's face and show him what Melinda was really up to.
	But another rational voice deep in his heart, stopped him from executing his plans. The restless Jonas rationalized that he shouldn't stimulate his grandfather further since he had just recovered.
	It was obviously not suitable for him to work in such a state. He picked up the car key from his desk and left his office in a hurry. He did not go home to the family residence. Instead he went to his own residence, which was not far from the company.
	Queena, his mother, called him after ten o'clock wondering where he was at such a late hour, although she didn't demand for him to go home.
	"Son, are you okay? You don't sound like your usual self."
	Mothers always know their children best. Jonas sounded absent minded and gave a flimsy answer which wasn't even well thought out. Queena keenly felt that something was wrong although she was sure that he wouldn't tell her if she pushed him further.
	"There are a lot of things that have been happening in the company recently and need my attention. You'd better stay at home and watch over Grandpa. I won't come back for the next few days," Jonas said and rubbed his forehead in exhaustion. Although his claims were true, and there were always issues to be expected at the company with the new season, the issues were never that big to affect him this much.
	The thought of Melinda brought a new wave of headache and a painful stab in his heart.
	The last time when Holley pestered Jonas, she received a large sum of money from him. With great excitement, she bought a lot of things and posted them in all her social media accounts including wechat and her micro-blog. Many of her posts gave subtle hints that she had used Jonas's money to buy everything which gained a lot attention and followers.
	That was exactly what she wanted.
	She was a spendthrift, although she didn't make as much she spent and basically couldn't afford the life style she felt was suited for a person of her stature. Her reputation was not very good, so she didn't get invited to occasions and events where she could make money so she was running low on cash.
	Her agent had long given up on her and ditched her. Holley, was still not willing to give up although no matter what she did she still couldn't attract enough fans. She finally realized that Jonas was her ticket to fame. Whenever she was connected to him, things became better.
	Although there were many malicious fans who just couldn't keep from griping about her business, Holley didn't care. Any kind of publicity whether negative or positive was still good for her.
	Thinking of the emergence and popularity of online dramas which had made a lot of obscure actors famous, Holley had a lot of ideas in her mind. She dressed up making sure to accentuate all her good qualities, and then went to the company to see Jonas.
	The secretary had been running around the office trying to make sure everything was in place before his sour-faced boss came in. He took a sip of his soybean milk and as soon as he turned around to clean the desk, Jonas stepped into the office earlier than expected, the secretary instantly tensed trying to control the milk which sprang out of his mouth like a volcanic spring, spraying the whole desk.
	"Mr. Gu," stammered the secretary in greeting as he tried to clean the mess he had just made. The secretary cleaned himself up hurriedly and then greeted him once again, but Jonas just looked at him as if he had lost his mind, frowned, and then continued into his office without uttering a single world.
	The secretary collapsed in the office chair, patting his chest which was still beating at the speed of a race car, thinking of the scene that just happened. He was still contemplating how lucky he was, when he looked down and noticed the broken soybean milk packet that he was still holding in his hand. It was a wonder that he hadn't been thrown out by the collar of his shirt.
	"Why did boss come in so early today?" the secretary muttered in a low voice.
	Then he quickly discarded his nosy thoughts and cleaned his clothes, changing into another suit in record time so that the boss wouldn't look at him with disgust.
	To be honest, Jonas always looked at him with disgust every day but he didn't want to look shabby and give Jonas more excuse to be mad at him.
	It was just that the boss had come in way earlier than expected and the secretary had hoped that he could cover a lot more work before Jonas came in. He whined in protest as he tried to work as fast as possible.
	The secretary was very efficient. He didn't rest until he had organized and entered the whole day's schedule in his diary. Although after noticing the boss's new style of working, the secretary deeply felt that it would be still useless to organize anything in advance in the future.
	"William, what's today's schedule?" Jonas asked coldly as he opened the office door.
	William secretly rejoiced since he had just finished working on it. He pulled the lapels of his suit coat trying to readjust himself as he updated Jonas on the day's schedule.
	"Is that all you have? That schedule is not tight enough, it's too scattered and spaced out," said Jonas in a huff.
	William looked at the schedule and didn't react for a long time. "I'll rearrange it and make it better, Mr. Gu," said William while pouting.
	He went back to his seat and began to make a new schedule. Since Jonas was very busy every day, he had never dared to arrange his schedule too tight. In the past, Jonas hadn't said anything about it except for now when it seemed he was coming up with a new style.
	'It's so hard to predict the boss's mind,' William sighed and arranged a meeting for him, which was presided over by the vice president instead of Jonas.
	The meeting was originally scheduled to be hosted by Jonas.
	Seeing the new schedule, Jonas was very satisfied. This was the kind of workload he needed to keep his mind occupied.
	The meeting was held at 9 o'clock in the morning. Nobody except for the vice president knew that it was Jonas who was in charge of the meeting. They came into the meeting room lazily.
	Jonas was a very punctual person. He showed up in the meeting room at exactly 9 o'clock in the morning on time. Those who were just lounging suddenly froze in place.
	They paused at the door for such a long time that those who were late for the meeting came barreling through them as they all stumbled into the meeting room. The others were still in a hurry but they also stopped when they saw the person sitting at the head of the desk, a thin line of sweat dripped from their foreheads.
	Jonas indifferently glanced at them, and they all tried to shrink their necks as if it would make them invisible, lowering their heads in shame.
	"One minute," Jonas said lightly.
	Everyone scrambled to sit on their seats within one minute. Then the person in charge quickly handed over the documents for the meeting, and a minute later, the meeting began.
	Everyone could tell that Jonas was in a bad mood so they meekly sat through the meeting. The room was tense with low energy levels.
	It was fair to say that every meeting Jonas held was like this.
	When Holley arrived at the company, and went directly to the CEO's office without anyone stopping her, William happened to be out of the office, delivering documents elsewhere.
	It was not her first time to come here, so no one at the security stopped her. The other secretaries served and prepared a cup of coffee for her according to her preferences.
	This was also the reason why Holley liked to come here. Every time she came to the office, she was always treated like royalty
	"Mr. Gu is currently in a meeting and it may take some time," a secretary respectfully informed her.
	Sitting comfortable on the sofa in the office like she owned it, Holley nodded her head in a disinterested manner. For one to qualify as a secretary to Jonas in such a prestigious company, they were naturally a group of sensible people.
	That meant they knew how to behave themselves.
	Although they all knew Holley's identity and despised some things about her, none of them showed it or spoke out.
	Holley had been addicted to the online dramas and the more she watched them, she realized that most of the heroines acted silly and sweet, and became more popular for that kind of character. Therefore, she was going to take this approach to re-launch the new version of herself.
	After the secretary left, Holley put down the cup she was holding and walked around the office. Jonas's office gave off a cold aura; the style was made of cold, dull and stiff furniture with minimal decorations and very little color injected in the whole space.
	With a smile on her lips, Holley took a few photos in the office. Then she sat in front of Jonas's desk. All of a sudden, her eyes were trained on the photo on the side.
	The photo was definitely a new interest for her because she had never come to this side of the office whenever she came to see Jonas, and had never seen the photo before.
	It was a photo of a man and a woman, Jonas and Melinda. Melinda had a gentle smile on her lips, and Jonas still had a sullen face, but they still looked well matched.
Chapter 25 Heirloom
	Holley couldn't take her eyes off the photo. She didn't expect Jonas to have a picture of him and Melinda on his desk. They looked like a happy couple.
	Holley knew that Jonas was confused. But she felt that Melinda would always be special to him.
	She was frustrated that Melinda was destroying her chances with Jonas even after divorcing him.
	Her eyes were blazing with anger.
	She wanted to tear the photo apart. Holley couldn't stand the sight of the happy picture, so she grabbed her bag and stormed out of the room.
	The secretaries saw Holley leave but they didn't bother stopping her. They were used to seeing her like this.
	Everyone was aware of Holley's intentions and didn't inform Jonas about her arrival.
	Two days had passed in the blink of an eye. Melinda received a call from Kent. His mother had been constantly pestering him to invite Melinda for dinner.
	"Kent, can you pick me up later?" Melinda asked.
	She had promised to meet him and was all set to see his parents.
	Melinda was a courteous woman. She had brought gifts for his parents on her way home from work last night.
	Kent arrived at Melinda's place on time. She slipped into a plaid dress and tied her hair into a bun. Tendrils of hair brushed against her forehead teasingly. She applied a mild coat of makeup to her flawless face and was ready to leave. The beautiful dress and subtle makeup enhanced her already beautiful look. She was looking like a teenager bubbling with life.
	"I'd like to buy some fruits, Kent," Melinda said, biting her lower lip.
	She couldn't find fresh fruits at night and decided to buy them on the way to Kent's house.
	"Oh, come on, Melinda. You don't have to be formal," Kent said.
	Melinda smiled and followed him without uttering a word.
	Melinda finally got the chance to live her life. The constant stress and fear that were constantly lurking in her heart seemed to wither away. Things began to fall in place. She had signed a contract with one of the magazines and her book was scheduled to release; she also had another one that was serialized on a website with many subscribers. She didn't have to worry about her life anymore. Melinda followed her heart and would go wherever life took her.
	She was grateful for having an incredible friend like Kent who always stood by her side and supported her through everything.
	By the time they reached Kent's place, Janet was already standing by the door, waiting for them. She scolded Kent for making Melinda buy things for them.
	Janet had always been fond of Melinda. She was a kind, respectful woman, who easily captivated the hearts of elders.
	Janet asked Charles to go to the kitchen to prepare lunch, and she began to bombard Melinda with questions. Kent was left with no choice but to help his father.
	Melinda was taken aback by Janet's enthusiasm but eventually got used to it.
	Although Charles was in the kitchen, his eyes were fixed on Melinda as he observed her.
	"Nice choice." Charles arched an eyebrow in appreciation.
	Although Kent had explained that they were not together, his parents refused to accept it. They believed that the two of them were in love.
	Kent was tired of explaining it to them and finally gave up. He knew that his parents wished for them to be together, but life didn't always give what we wanted.
	"Yes, she is a good girl," Kent said, shaking his head.
	He loved Melinda and his parents adored her. He thought his life would become colorful if he shared it with her.
	His heart constantly told him to push the boundary and take their friendship to the next level. But he knew that Melinda was not interested in him.
	Sometimes being with Melinda was torture. She was close, yet too far. She was resolute about her decision despite all his efforts.
	But Kent wasn't ready to give up. He had supported and helped Melinda for five years, even though he knew that he didn't stand a chance with her. But things had changed—she was single now. He wouldn't rest until he won a place in her heart.
	"Your mother loves her. You've finally done something to make us proud," Charles said.
	Kent's deep eyes glinted with regret, but he quickly changed his expression. "Dad, I promise it won't happen again," he said, smiling sadly.
	"Let bygones be bygones," Charles sighed.
	Kent and Charles had a complicated relationship but they pretended to get along in front of Janet.
	Kent's eyes widened with shock. He didn't except his father would untie the knot that had been choking him for many years. Tears welled in his eyes. Kent stepped forward and hugged his father.
	It was a memorable day for him. He couldn't stop talking with his father. He shared all the things that he had wanted to tell him. Charles felt that his son had grown up into a strong man without his support. He was proud of Kent.
	Melinda and Janet got along well. They were talking as if they'd known each other for a long time. Once dinner was ready, Janet ushered Melinda to the dining table and motioned her to sit next to her.
	"I don't know what you like, so I've just cooked something with what we have. Tell me what your favorite dishes are and I'll make them for you the next time you come home."
	Janet smiled. She carefully picked the juicy fish from the lot and placed it on Melinda's bowl. She made sure to avoid the bones.
	A smile tugged on the corners of Melinda's lips when she glanced at the food on the table. They were all her favorite food. She thought that Kent would've specifically asked Charles to cook these dishes for her.
	Melinda was touched by his thoughtfulness. Her eyes glistened with tears.
	"Thank you. They are delicious."
	Melinda took a mouthful of the food and smiled at Charles.
	"Kent told me that you're living alone in the suburb. Is it true?" Janet asked concernedly.
	She felt sorry for Melinda who had been working hard and managing things on her own.
	"Yes, I live alone. But I feel good." Melinda was enjoying her life. Living amid the students of the universities made her feel young and happy.
	She was swept by the energy and vigor of the youth. She was independent and lived her life the way she wanted to without being answerable to anyone.
	"You're a good girl, Melinda. You can contact Kent if you have any problems. If he doesn't help you, just tell me. I'll always be there to help you," Janet said, glaring at Kent.
	Kent lifted his hands innocently.
	His mother favored Melinda over him and he couldn't help but feel happy about it.
	"Mom, I'll take care of Melinda. Now stop glaring me, will you? Let's eat," Kent said, rolling his eyes.
	Janet snorted and looked away. Melinda chuckled at the innocent expression on Kent's face.
	There was a sudden pang of jealousy in Melinda's heart when she saw Kent and his parents chatting happily. She sometimes wished to live a normal life like other people.
	"Mellie, help yourself. Don't be shy. We are a family. You look frail, honey. You need to eat well to become strong."
	Janet picked another piece of meat and placed it on Melinda's bowl. Melinda had always been thin. But she had lost more weight and became weak after her illness. Fortunately, things were different now. The dark clouds faded away and the sun began to shine on her after she divorced Jonas. She was on the road towards self-discovery and enjoyed every moment of her life.
	"Thank you."
	Melinda's bowl was brimming with food and she was already full. But she couldn't refuse Janet's offer. She was overwhelmed by her love and care.
	"Mom, that's enough. Can't you see that her bowl is full? She can't finish them all."
	Janet stared at Kent and rolled her eyes. Melinda smiled and continued to eat.
	She was having a wonderful time with Kent and his family.
	Both Charles and Janet were well-educated and Melinda could have deep, intellectual conversations with them. They were happy to have a wonderful daughter-in-law like Melinda.
	Kent sat in a corner and watched the three of them interact. He hoped that Melinda was more than just a friend. He couldn't think of marrying any other woman.
	Perhaps things would change and Melinda might fall for him. Until then, he would patiently wait for her.
	After dinner, Janet asked Kent to wash the dishes. Charles went to the kitchen to make some tea and Janet washed the fruits and placed them on the table. She had a lot of things to talk with Melinda.
	Kent stole glances at Melinda while he washed the dishes. She seemed to be at ease and Kent heaved a sigh of relief.
	After washing the dishes, Kent went to the living room. His parents were in a deep conversation with Melinda. Janet seemed to like Melinda more and more with every passing minute. She was determined to get her son married to her.
	"Sweetheart, come home and see me whenever you are free." Janet smiled.
	"Kent hardly stays home. He doesn't have the time for me. If you hadn't come today, he would have gone somewhere else," she pouted.
	Melinda pursed her lips and looked at him. Kent shook his head and smiled helplessly.
	"Mellie, do visit her often. Otherwise, she would eat our brains. Janet is tired of talking with me and Kent. She needs a girly companion," Charles said.
	Melinda was overwhelmed by their love. Janet was sure that Melinda would visit them often and she didn't want to disappoint her.
	"I'll come and see you whenever I have the time. Please don't mind if I get busy with work." Melinda smiled.
	Janet's eyes widened as she tapped her head. "Damn it! How could I forget such an important thing?"
	She stood up swiftly and rushed into the bedroom. When she walked out, there was a jade bracelet in her hand. Her face was beaming with joy.
	"Kent's grandmother gave it to me and I'm giving it to you now," Janet said.
	Melinda's mouth popped open in shock. "Mrs. Jiang, I cannot accept it. It's too precious," she said, shaking her head fiercely.
	Melinda understood that it was an heirloom and it would belong to Kent's wife. Melinda and Kent could never be together. She didn't want Janet to harbor unattainable desires.
	"Are you afraid that Kent might treat you badly? Don't worry, I'll kick him out of the family if I find out that he's being mean to you."
	"Mrs. Jiang, that's not what I meant. I can't have it. It's wrong." Melinda bit her lip anxiously and looked at Kent. Her eyes were pleading for help.
Chapter 26 Getting Hurt
	Kent shrugged helplessly. He knew that once his mother made her mind, there was nothing in the world that could change her decision. Or perhaps, Kent was hiding behind his mother's determination, as his heart yearned for Melinda to accept the jade bracelet.
	"Don't you like us?" Janet asked nervously.
	Although their family was making financial progress because of Kent, Janet knew that some girls were demanding. They looked for financial security before taking any big decision.
	Janet could understand Melinda's concern. If she was bothered by their social status, there wasn't much Janet could do. She knew that Melinda deserved the best and would only wallow about her loss.
	Janet looked dejected but tried her best not to show it out. Melinda's cheeks turned red and she didn't know how to explain to Janet that she wasn't in love with her son.
	"I didn't mean that. I..." Melinda slumped her shoulders and blew out a loud breath. She was at a loss of words. She knew that Janet wouldn't understand no matter how much she explained.
	"Well, if you didn't mean that, why don't you accept it?" Janet asked curiously.
	Melinda decided to accept the bracelet to make her happy. She could later give it back to Kent after his parents left. She finally nodded and accepted the bracelet. Janet's face beamed with happiness.
	She was happy that Melinda had spent the whole day with them. She and Charles felt that Melinda was the right match for Kent. "Kent, it's up to you now. Don't do anything stupid and drive her away," Janet threatened.
	She had fulfilled her responsibility as a mother-in-law by passing on the heirloom to Melinda. It was now Kent's job to impress Melinda and get her married to him as soon as possible.
	Kent smiled awkwardly. He knew that things weren't as rosy as they seemed to be. His parents were blissfully unaware of Melinda's complicated mind and he didn't have the heart to break their happy bubble.
	Charles and Janet were happy. They had planned to go out and spend time with Kent and Melinda.
	A City was a commercial city bustling with people. There were many touristic spots and the most famous of them all was the amusement park.
	But Charles and Janet were too old to indulge in fun activities. Therefore, Kent and Melinda decided to go to the museum. They could go mountain climbing in the countryside as well.
	Melinda was traumatized to plan outdoor activities. She seldom went out to have fun when she was married to Jonas. Even if she did, she would fall prey to Yulia's wicked plans. So, Kent planned everything without bothering Melinda.
	He knew what she had gone through.
	Melinda didn't understand her true strength until she met Jonas. She loved him with all her heart. She was fearless and ready to do anything to win his heart. Unfortunately, their story ended even before it started.
	Janet was happy that Melinda was willing to spend time with them. But she didn't want to disturb the "couple", so she quickly made an excuse to leave.
	Kent took them to the shopping mall and bought a lot of things for them. Charles and Janet were fussing over Melinda and she was overwhelmed by their love.
	Melinda breathed a sigh of relief when she saw them leave. She couldn't be herself around them. The guilt was consuming her. They had accepted her as their daughter-in-law and were showering her with love.
	But she didn't deserve any of it, for she and Kent weren't in love.
	Once Charles and Janet were out of sight, Melinda removed the jade bracelet and gave it to Kent. The bracelet carried the heaviness of guilt and deceit. Kent's heart sank but he managed to smile at Melinda.
	"I'm sorry. I know that you're having a hard time dealing with my mother. She's been constantly nagging you." Kent smiled apologetically. But he was secretly thankful to his mother for creating the perfect opportunity for him to spend time with Melinda.
	"It's okay. Your mom is cute."
	Melinda smiled. Although Janet was caring and sweet, her vivacity made Melinda uncomfortable at times.
	Kent was aware of it. Melinda's helplessness was evident in her eyes but he never talked about it because he knew that Melinda would find an excuse to stay away from them. He was enjoying her company and didn't want to put an end to it.
	"Shall we go to the riverside for a walk?"
	Kent asked.
	"Okay," Melinda agreed.
	She wanted to go for a walk as well. The fresh air would take her mind off the things that had been bothering her lately. Melinda's coat was flimsy and Kent took off his coat and slipped it across her shoulders.
	"Thank you," Melinda said, hugging herself.
	She was already weak, so she didn't stop Kent. She didn't want to fall sick again. The wind was strong by the riverside. It was playing with Melinda's hair and her heart instantly felt light. The sound of water and the serenity of the night sky seemed to lift her spirits.
	Kent's heart skipped a beat when he looked at Melinda. Her tousled hair and flustered cheeks due to the cold made her look prettier. He loved spending every minute with her.
	"Stop... Somebody help me! He has taken my bag!" a woman screamed.
	Melinda snapped her head and saw a man running towards them. Kent immediately pulled Melinda to the side and thwarted the robber.
	The robber's eyes widened with shock as he pulled out a knife from his pocket.
	Melinda covered her mouth with her hand in surprise. She realized that the robber could use her to distract Kent, so she snuck to the other side and called the police.
	A City was a thriving place and it was easy for the police to arrive immediately.
	Although Kent looked like a puny nerd, he was adept at self-defense. But the robber was stronger than he was.
	Seeing Kent struggle with the robber, the people who were hesitant in the beginning came forward to help. A group of people managed to hold him down.
	The police arrived soon and took the robber away. No one was hurt but Kent's forearm was bleeding. The knife had pierced his skin and the blood continued to ooze out, staining his shirt. Melinda squealed in fear and grabbed his arm.
	"Kent, are you okay?"
	The woman thanked Kent for helping her and left with the police as she needed to file a statement.
	Melinda wrapped Kent's wound with a scarf and drove him to the hospital. It had been a long time since she had taken the car and was a little apprehensive about it.
	"I'm fine, Melinda," Kent said reassuringly.
	Melinda took deep breaths and finally calmed down.
	The wound wasn't very deep but Kent had lost a lot of blood. Melinda was with him the whole time, trying to make him feel better. She knew that Kent couldn't manage things on his own and decided to stay back to take care of him.
	The doctor had prescribed some medicines and Melinda was constantly checking the dosage. Kent's house was a bit messy because Charles and Janet had stayed with him for a long time.
	Melinda cooked bone porridge for Kent and helped him clean the house. Even though Kent was exhausted, he didn't want to rest. He watched Melinda look after him with a small smile on his face. He felt as if they were living together and Melinda was taking care of him like a doting wife.
	"Kent, it's late. You need to rest."
	Kent had taken heavy dosage of medicines. Melinda was worried that he was still sitting on the sofa without going to bed.
	"Melinda, it's already late. You can stay here for the night and leave in the morning," Kent suggested.
	There was a guest room in the house. His parents had cleaned it when they were staying with him.
	"That's all right, I can manage. But I might have to borrow your car," Melinda said.
	She wasn't used to living in someone else's place. She felt insecure about it. She had spent sleepless nights at the Gu's mansion for several years.
	"If you are insistent about going back, I'll drop you home. I can't drive now, so we might have to take a taxi," Kent grunted.
	Melinda felt that Kent had inherited the toughness from his mother.
	He was always resolute about his decisions.
	"Kent, It's okay. I can go home on my own."
	Kent clenched his jaw and grabbed his coat without saying a word. Melinda didn't want to trouble him and was left with no choice but to stay with him.
	"All right, go back to your room and rest. I'll stay here tonight. I'm sorry to bother you."
	Kent's face lit up with joy. Melinda replaced the bed sheet with a clean one and went to the supermarket to buy a pair of pajamas.
	She also bought a new set of disposable toiletries. Melinda couldn't fall asleep in a new place. She went to the balcony and leaned against the window. It was a starry night and the city was quiet except for the soft whistles of the wind.
	Melinda had a night of disturbed sleep and woke up early in the morning. She went to the kitchen to make breakfast. When Kent got up, an involuntary smile crept on his lips when he saw Melinda in the kitchen.
	He felt as if they were living together.
	"Good morning."
	Kent smiled. Melinda turned around to look at him. She placed the breakfast on the table and smiled in return. "Freshen up first and have breakfast. I've tossed some things together and I don't know if it will taste good or not," she said, grinning sheepishly.
	Melinda was not a good cook but Kent enjoyed the food. He saw that Melinda was looking dull. There were dark circles around her tired eyes.
	"Did you sleep well last night?" Kent asked concernedly.
	Melinda shook her head. In the following days, Melinda had been taking care of Kent. His wound healed soon and he was back to normal.
	Kent and Melinda had been getting along well. His feelings for her grew stronger, so he decided to tell her about how he felt.
	He had been thinking about it for a while and finally mustered the strength to open his heart to her.
	Melinda was in the kitchen, preparing dinner for Kent. Since Kent's wound had healed, she told him that she would stop coming from tomorrow. She had other important things to attend to.
	"Melinda, I have something to tell you," Kent said during dinner.
	Melinda knitted her eyebrows and looked at him with confusion. His intense eyes made her heart race and she strongly resisted the urge to run away.
	She knew what it was about and had to deal with it sooner or later.
	"Melinda, I think you know what I'm about to say. Well, you'd have figured it out a long time ago. I really like you. Will you give me the chance to take care of you for the rest of your life?"
	Kent's voice was thick with emotion and he could hear his heartbeat ring in his ears. His palms became sweaty and he was nervous to hear Melinda's response.
	The silence was almost deafening and Melinda finally opened her mouth. "Kent, I don't believe in love," she said, smiling sadly.
	She had given her undivided love, attention, and care for Jonas but got nothing in return. She had wasted all her emotions on him. Her heart was hollow and she couldn't feel anything, anymore. She had become numb.
	Although Kent had anticipated Melinda's answer, it was heartbreaking to hear it directly from her. Melinda smiled apologetically and left. The house felt empty without her and Kent was back to feeling lonely again.
	Melinda's racing heart didn't seem to rest. She felt bad for breaking Kent's heart, but she didn't regret her decision. She didn't want to give him any false hopes.
Chapter 27 Cooperation
	Melinda had been living a monotonous life. Her routine consisted of going to her workplace, getting essentials from the supermarket, and returning home. Her schedule was packed and she didn't have the time to think about anything else.
	Melinda had been deliberately avoiding Kent. Kent didn't try contacting her either. He didn't want to bother her after she had clearly explained what she felt about him. They were like strangers now.
	Melinda was back to living her life on her own, without anyone's support.
	She wasn't petrified by the loneliness rather embraced it. She reveled in the bliss of solitude.
	But Kent had been agitated since Melinda had left. He had been used to talking to her every day and her absence was killing him. He regretted ruining all his chances by confessing his love. He tried hard to calm down but he couldn't control his emotions anymore.
	A week later, when Melinda left the office after work, her eyes settled on a familiar car. Kent was leaning against the car, smiling at her.
	He was wearing a white shirt and black suit pants, looking quite elegant.
	Melinda couldn't help but smile at him.
	"Kent!"
	She had forgotten everything about his confession. Kent breathed a sigh of relief and opened the door of his car.
	"Come on, let's have dinner." He smiled and motioned her to get in.
	Melinda bit her lip and looked at him nervously. "Don't you girls have guy friends? Consider me as your best male friend and hop into the car if you don't have a problem. I'll always be there for you."
	"I want to eat roasted fish."
	Melinda's face broke into a dazzling grin. Kent was finally happy to see her like this.
	He didn't want to make things awkward between them. He was happy to have a part in her life even if it meant he could be nothing more than a friend to her.
	Jonas had been frustrated lately. Although he hadn't paid attention to what Melinda was up to, the people around him were always curious about her and the gossips inevitably reached his ears.
	He heard that Melinda and Kent were getting close to each other and that she was looking prettier than ever. Jonas was annoyed about it.
	Every time he returned home, Nelson would scowl at him with disappointment.
	Jonas was afraid that Nelson was going to abandon him for Melinda.
	Nelson was at the door of the Gu's mansion, coming back from a walk when Jonas returned after partying. He snorted and glared at him.
	"Don't you have anything else to do other than hooking up with women?"
	"Grandpa, I hope you understand that Melinda and I can never be together."
	Nelson narrowed his eyes and sat on the mahogany couch with the support of his crutch. He strangely felt lonely around Jonas. He wondered if he knew his grandson anymore.
	Jonas hated that things had turned bitter between him and his grandfather.
	"Grandpa, are you going to ignore my brother for Melinda? Jonas is your grandson, not her. What's so good about her that you're constantly praising her and putting him down? She has treated our servants badly, disregarded her duty as a wife and daughter-in-law, and most importantly, she has ruined the reputation of the Gu family."
	Yulia despised Melinda and always abused her. Nelson usually reprimanded her but this time he just glanced at Jonas and remained quiet.
	Nelson hated that Jonas couldn't think for himself. He always listened to what other people said about Melinda.
	"Yulia, mind your business. If you've no work to do, I'll ask my secretary William to arrange a job for you in the company."
	Although Jonas hated Melinda, he couldn't hear Yulia talk ill of her. Yulia always wanted to work in the company as she thought that everyone would revere her. But his company only appreciated skill and talent. Yulia didn't receive any privilege for who she was.
	Yulia was incompetent and received severe criticism from the group leader. She had been afraid to go to the company since then.
	After Yulia left, an awkward silence prevailed in the air. Nelson and Jonas shared a complicated relationship. Nelson was cold and Jonas was resolute about his decision.
	The butler was loyal and couldn't stand this.
	"Mr. Jonas, your grandfather misses Mrs. Gu, and that's why he wants you to bring her back," the butler said.
	Nelson had been heartbroken ever since Melinda had left. He wasn't upset with her for not returning home as he knew that Jonas had hurt her.
	"She is not Mrs. Gu anymore, Gavin," Jonas grunted.
	The butler glanced at Nelson's hold on the crutch tightened and his knuckles almost turned white. He was shaking with fury.
	"If Melinda isn't Mrs. Gu, then who the hell you think is the daughter-in-law of the Gu family? Is it Emily Bai or Holley Huang? Don't think that you can be with another woman. I won't let that happen as long as I'm alive. But don't worry, I'm old now, and if you continue to disappoint me, I'll be dead soon. You can do whatever you want after that," Nelson bellowed.
	Jonas pursed his lips and looked at him. That wasn't what he had wanted. When Jonas opened his mouth to explain his feelings, the butler winked at him, gesturing him to keep quiet.
	He knew that Nelson would be infuriated by Jonas's words and was worried that he would fall ill again.
	Jonas remained quiet and Nelson continued to nag him. But he was soon out of breath and left to his room.
	Jonas's heart ached as he saw his grandfather trouble his health for Melinda who didn't seem to care about them.
	He wanted to ask Nelson what he saw in her. She was a heartless, selfish woman but Jonas knew how much his grandfather adored Melinda, so he decided to keep quiet.
	Jonas returned to his room and slumped on his chair. His heart sank at the sight of his wedding picture.
	He went to the bathroom and took a shower to relax his tense nerves. Jonas walked out and changed into a fresh pair of jeans and a T-shirt. He grabbed clean clothes and threw them into his bag. He was struggling to put his things into the bag.
	Melinda always arranged his things neatly and he never had to worry about packing.
	A frown lined on his forehead when he thought about her. He never realized her importance before.
	Jonas hated himself for thinking about Melinda. He rammed his clothes into the bag and zipped it up clumsily. When he walked out, he saw the butler giving orders to the servants.
	"Gavin, I'll be out for a few days. Take good care of Grandpa."
	Gavin nodded. He didn't want to stop Jonas. He knew that it was good for him to move out for a while.
	Jonas headed straight to his company. His mind was clouded with rage and he wanted to drown his thoughts into work and forget about everything.
	After noon the next day, Holley walked into Jonas's office but William stopped her.
	"Miss Huang, please wait. Let me check if Mr. Gu is ready to see you," he said, smiling politely.
	Jonas was practically living in the office and had given clear instructions to let people in only after his approval.
	Holley had brought a box of sweets with her. She was a little annoyed that William had stopped her but she understood that it was Jonas's orders and decided to obey it.
	William sent Holley in. She walked in and smiled at Jonas. "Hi, Jonas!" she said seductively.
	"What's the matter?" Jonas asked coldly.
	He had been hanging out with Holley only to irritate Melinda. Otherwise, he was annoyed to be around her.
	"Jonas, should I have a reason to meet you? Well, I missed you, so I made these for you." She smiled and placed the box on the table before him. "Taste it while I make you a steaming cup of coffee."
	Melinda went to the storeroom and grabbed a bottle of ground coffee beans that Jonas loved.
	Jonas hated deserts, so he either discarded them or gave them to his workers.
	However, Holley came to his office every day for the next few days with a box of desserts. She knew that Jonas gave it to the secretaries and used it as a means to win their support.
	Jonas knew that Holley was trying to gain popularity by spreading rumors about having a possible relationship with him. He had ignored it in the past but he couldn't take it anymore. He was disgusted by the mere sight of her.
	"Why are you being distant?" Holley asked, twirling a lock of hair.
	She was aware that Jonas was a grumpy man. But his unwavering heart seemed to rub her ego and confidence.
	"If you're going to come tomorrow with a box of desserts and waste my time, I might ask William to not let you in," Jonas snapped.
	Holley's cheeks had turned red with embarrassment. She had been coming to his office every day just to give him food. She thought that it was time for her to broach the topic.
	"I've got an important thing to discuss with you. Can you stop working and listen to me for a second?" she asked.
	Jonas skimmed through the document and signed it without looking at her.
	"I want to perform in a web series and become an overnight sensation, but I don't have the money."
	Holley had already come to Jonas's office to tell him about it. But she was irked by the picture of him and Melinda and had stormed out of the office in frustration. Her eyes flitted to the picture that was still on his desk. She strongly resisted the urge to rip it apart.
	"Web series?"
	Jonas frowned. Holley nodded and explained the plan in detail. Everything was set but they didn't have the capital to commence the project.
	"I can invest a small percentage of the capital but I will charge interest that I deem to be appropriate. It's up to you to decide whether you need it or not," Jonas said curtly.
	He was money-minded and never extended help without reaping benefits from his favor. He wasn't sure if Holley's plan would be successful or not but he could earn regular interest from the web series.
	"Okay, I agree. I'll finally get to make a grand comeback," Holley said confidently.
	Jonas didn't care about Holley's career. He was only looking forward to making money through the web series.
	"I'll prepare everything and ask William to contact you. If there's nothing else to say, you may leave."
	Holley's purpose was fulfilled, so she didn't want to bother him anymore. She smiled sweetly and strutted out of the office.
	Jonas called William and asked him to deal with it.
	He had other important things to attend to and didn't want to waste his time on a trivial project.
Chapter 28 An Encounter
	A City was bustling with people and traffic round the clock. The presence of the towering skyscrapers elevated the opulence of the beautiful city.
	People of A City led a monotonous life and the afternoon tea time was precious to them. It was a brief break from the humdrum where they could spend time with their loved ones.
	Holley usually invited her friends to the coffee shop to gossip and brag about herself.
	Jonas hadn't left the company in the past couple of days. He had been spending every minute of every day there. His schedule consisted of waking up, doing work, and going back to sleep. He didn't have the time for anything or anyone. Holley went to the company every day to see him.
	"Let's go out for a cup of coffee. You should start trying different flavors," Holley said.
	She was wearing a white shirt and black straight-leg pants that accentuated her perfect figure. The simple outfit seemed extravagant on her. She had applied a subtle coat of makeup, making her look elegant.
	Holley had morphed into Melinda. She was bubbling with charm and grace, unlike her usual provocative self.
	She knew that Melinda had taken a part of Jonas's heart when she had left him. Although Holley hated that Jonas still missed Melinda, she tried hard to become like her and win a place in his heart.
	Jonas was in a daze when he looked at Holley. He remembered Melinda who was a dainty beauty when they first met.
	He nodded and accepted Holley's invitation absentmindedly as his mind was whirling with the thoughts of Melinda.
	Holley's eyes widened with shock but she couldn't help but feel disappointed. She knew that Jonas had agreed to have coffee with her only because she was looking like Melinda. Holley had the confidence that she could replace Melinda and earn an irreplaceable position in the Gu family.
	Jonas followed Holley to the coffee shop in the shopping mall across from his company. Holley had picked a secluded place as she knew that Jonas liked his privacy.
	She quickly ordered coffee and his favorite dessert.
	Holley was raving about the coffee shop but Jonas continued to read his magazine in silence. He wasn't in the mood to talk with her.
	"Do you want the usual?" Kent asked
	"I heard there is a new coffee here. I want to try it."
	Melinda sat at the table across the window and placed the bag behind her. She was wearing a red dress that made her look vibrant and full of life.
	Kent put his briefcase on the seat and went to place the order.
	Jonas's lungs constricted when he heard Melinda's voice. He stopped reading the magazine and looked at Melinda who was staring out of the window with her chin resting on her palm. A gentle smile graced her lips.
	He hadn't seen her in a long time and couldn't take his eyes off her. His heart was beating frantically but he continued to ignore the emotions that were bubbling inside him.
	Holley was shocked to hear Melinda's voice and turned to look at her. There was an unusual calmness in her face.
	Holley had speculated that Melinda would be miserable after being kicked out of the Gu family. But Melinda seemed happier than ever.
	She looked dazzling.
	Jealousy and anger resided in the pit of Holley's stomach. She quickly darted towards Melinda's table and glared at her and Kent. Melinda knitted her brows in confusion.
	Her tranquil eyes were pure and innocent. Melinda had fought her way into the Gu family by getting married to him. Jonas couldn't help but question her innocence.
	"Ah, Miss Mo, long time no see. Looks like you and Mr. Jiang are together now. I envy the way you manage to skip from one man to another."
	Holley smirked. She hadn't expected Melinda here and couldn't hide her emotions.
	"Haven't you always envied me?" Melinda asked coldly.
	Holley had been trying to hook up with Jonas for a long time. She couldn't stop hating Melinda even after she had walked out of his life. She wouldn't rest until she destroyed Melinda completely.
	Holley was taken aback by Melinda's words.
	She fisted her palm and managed to smile at her.
	"Yeah, I do envy you. Mr. Jiang has been taking care of you even though you've been chucked out of the Gu's mansion. You're incredibly lucky,"
	she said, insinuating that Melinda was having a secret affair with Kent.
	Holley wanted to provoke Jonas but he seemed to ignore her.
	Melinda frowned. Everyone was looking at them curiously and she hated to be the center of attention. Fortunately, a waitress walked in with a cup of coffee.
	"We don't have an extra seat for this lady. Kindly arrange a seat for her elsewhere,"
	Kent said, smiling politely at the waitress.
	Holley's jaw dropped in shock. She was furious to see Kent and Melinda completely ignore her. Her eyes turned red with rage. She pounded the table with her fists and glared at Melinda.
	"Don't you have anything to say? Are you feeling guilty for cheating on your husband?"
	Melinda couldn't stand it anymore. "Holley, that's enough. You've crossed your limits. Stop humiliating yourself in front of everyone. Kent and I are innocent and you cannot talk shit about us. You are the one who needs to be ashamed of yourself for hooking up with a married man. Oops, sorry. I forgot that you are a shameless woman,"
	she said placidly.
	Holley swallowed loudly and looked around before stepping in front of Melinda, trying to intimidate her.
	"Stop acting smart, Miss goody-two-shoes. I know that you two have been living together and that you've met his parents."
	Holley had seen Melinda with Kent and his parents. She seemed to get along well with Kent's parents and Holley wanted to unmask Melinda's true identity before Jonas.
	She couldn't understand how Melinda managed to cast a spell over everyone. People seemed to fall for her charms, especially Nelson. He adored her and had even fought with Jonas for her.
	"Miss Huang, why are you quiet? Are you going to say that I'm lying about it?'"
	Holley had gone too far this time. Kent couldn't hear her malign Melinda in his presence.
	Melinda looked at Kent and opened her mouth to say something. She felt that the damage was already done and there was no point in proving her innocence. But she shut her mouth and turned away.
	Holley glanced at Kent with expectant eyes.
	"I've seen the two of you go home together. It's the truth."
	Holley knew that Kent and Melinda were just friends but she wanted Jonas to believe that the two of them shared a relationship beyond that. She wanted him to despise Melinda and forget her.
	"My parents had come to see me and Melinda helped me take care of them. Is there anything wrong?" Kent snapped.
	Melinda had never seen Kent lose his cool and was surprised by his response.
	Kent hated himself for failing to protect Melinda. She had to endure humiliation because of him.
	Melinda hadn't uttered a word against Holley. She had been keeping all the problems to herself without sharing it with anyone. She had been enduring their torture for years without complaining and Kent couldn't keep quiet.
	"Miss Huang, I'm not a child anymore. My parents have been urging me to get married. Melinda is helping me deal with them. I know that you won't believe my words. But I have the evidence to prove that I'm telling the truth. I don't cook up stories like you."
	Kent took his phone and showed the conversation with his parents. Melinda arched an eyebrow in surprise. She didn't expect Kent to have a record of the conversation.
	Holley was intimidated by Kent and didn't bother looking at the conversation.
	Her face turned red with embarrassment. The people were witnessing the dramatic turn of events with enthusiasm and Holley was drowning in shame.
	"Let me give you a piece of advice. Please keep your mouth shut if you don't know how to talk to people. You'll only end up humiliating yourself."
	Holley bit her lip nervously and turned away.
	Kent wouldn't let anyone insult Melinda in front of him.
	Melinda was grateful to Kent for standing up for her but she was also afraid that Kent might get into trouble for supporting her. Holley was a model who had contacts with big shots. She had slept with wealthy men who would do anything for her.
	"Kent, your coffee is getting cold," Melinda said.
	She regretted coming to the coffee shop as Holley always created problems whenever she came here.
	Kent turned and smiled at Melinda. Holley gritted her teeth when she saw the contrast in Kent's expression.
	She had planned to create a misunderstanding between Melinda and Jonas but ended making a fool of herself.
	Jonas had been watching the entire thing silently.
	He was relieved to find out that Melinda and Kent were not living together.
	Everything was a misunderstanding. He had misinterpreted Melinda's intentions. She had only been helping Kent.
	Melinda was benevolent and always went out of her way to help people.
	Jonas felt that Kent was trying to gain Melinda's sympathy to get closer to her. He despised Kent and wanted to wipe the happy grin off his face.
	When Holley went back to her table, she saw that Jonas was distracted. She clenched her jaw and forced a smile.
	"Jonas," she called. But Jonas was relishing the moment. He didn't seem to notice Holley.
	Melinda and Kent were unconcerned by Holley's presence. They were drinking coffee and chatting happily. Kent finally remembered that he had something to do, so he left with Melinda.
	Jonas stood up to leave as well. There was a bounce in his step. Holley couldn't stand the inquiring eyes of people and quickly followed him out of the coffee shop.
Chapter 29 Destruction
	The Gu's mansion lit up brightly as evening fell. The bustling servants seemed to indicate that this was a luxurious family.
	Nelson sat alone on the sofa, with his head slightly drooping. He looked at the direction of the front door, as if waiting for Melinda to return.
	"Oh dear."
	Sighing, Nelson stood up and reached for his crutch, and left. He didn’t know what to expect, but when he came to this old age, he became very childish.
	It seemed strange that Jonas returned home today instead of staying over at the company.
	Although he didn’t like Melinda, since they used to be a couple living together, Jonas experienced a strange feeling when he stepped inside their bedroom. He just couldn’t explain what it was.
	The next morning, when Jonas showed up at the table, he nearly triggered another world war. Nelson, upon seeing him, grew furious.
	Queena perceived a headache coming. Her son and her father-in-law seldom agreed on anything, particularly about Melinda.
	"Grandpa, I don’t understand why you stick up for that woman. She had an affair with another man while still married to my brother. Now that they have divorced, isn’t it great?"
	Yulia said with a dissatisfied air. The more Nelson thought well of Melinda, the further hatred Yulia harbored against her.
	"Shut up!"
	"You shut up!"
	This time, the two of them were on the same side. Nelson was always defending Melinda. As for Jonas, he thought it was a matter of dignity as a man. Yesterday in the coffee shop, he realized that this matter was a misunderstanding.
	Yulia felt very aggrieved. She thought at least to deal with the matter related to Melinda, Jonas would help her.
	Nelson gave Jonas a sidelong glance, and somehow the atmosphere around the table was more harmonious.
	Nelson liked Melinda a lot. As the wife of Jonas, she should have a lot of valuables. However, she seldom used those things and just stored them all in the bedroom.
	After the meal, Yulia sneaked inside Melinda’s room. When she walked into the space where Melinda used to stay, she saw a lot of things she wanted. She took away all the unopened items and destroyed the rest.
	She tore, in particular, Melinda’s clothes, making them almost look like rags.
	Jonas forgot his watch in the bedroom so he had to go back and get it, and simultaneously saw the scene. He frowned and his eyes turned cold with anger.
	Yulia hesitated for a moment and instantly tuck something behind her back, as if she was hiding something.
	"Jonas."
	"What are you doing here?"
	Staring at the mess on the floor, he figured out once and for all what was wrong. Melinda’s belongings were fewer than before, and now he could see the reason.
	The walked-in closet had been left open with a few clothes left.
	"Melinda doesn’t need these old garments. I can tear them apart and ask the servants to turn them into a mop,"
	Yulia said through clenched teeth. 'How could she possess all these things? She’s a nobody, she doesn’t deserve anything at all!' she thought.
	To disgrace Melinda, she brazenly destroyed all personal items associated with her.
	"That’s enough. Don’t make grandpa unhappy."
	"Jonas, are you siding with her?"
	Yulia didn’t think so. She presumed maybe she got it wrong, or perhaps Jonas was just joking and she didn’t get it because he delivered it so straight. Her eyes widened, and Jonas, who still wore an icy face, silently replied that he wasn’t teasing.
	"Yulia, I don’t want to repeat myself."
	Jonas had always been a man of dignity and calm determination. Now he stood there quietly in a black suit, looking more despotic than he actually was.
	Although Yulia was an illegitimate daughter, the Gu family had a reputable status, so she boasted of many things that other people couldn’t have. She had been living a very lavish lifestyle all her life.
	She was someone who didn’t know how to earn money, and only learned how to be extravagant. Most times, she showed off her incompetence, and Jonas found it distasteful.
	"These things belonged to Melinda, so despite everything, she alone could sort those out. Use them as a mop? You sound ridiculous."
	"Jonas, please be man enough. Melinda betrayed your trust and cheated on you, but you still make excuses for her. You must be insane."
	Yulia seemed to have a shameless disregard for her actions just now. She suspected that there was something wrong with her brother, so she spoke what was in her mind and heart.
	"Yulia, have I let you live too comfortably these days?"
	Every word Yulia said crushed the sense of dignity in Jonas, something that he valued most. This was a mere disagreement created by someone on purpose, but got regarded as true.
	There was no change in his expression, but the coldness in his eyes was enough to make Yulia shiver. She recalled what she had spoken, and her face turned pale in an instant.
	‘Damn it!’ She forgot that the person standing before her was her brother, a diabolic man.
	"Yulia, know your place. Do nothing that makes little sense. And don’t overstep my boundaries. In my eyes, you know I have no affection in this family."
	Jonas was not fierce, but his words terrified Yulia. Everyone could tell that he was a man who thought that one’s best interests were of utmost importance.
	Family devotion, especially hers, was a broad comedy to Jonas.
	Yulia didn’t dare to contradict him. She was so humiliated that she fled the room in a hurry. A sneer lifted the corners of Jonas’s mouth, and he then walked in the bedroom, but didn’t find his watch.
	Yulia had ruined his costly wristwatch. She thought it belonged to Melinda.
	Nelson used to stroll around the garden after dinner, and the old butler, Gavin, accompanied him. Back then, they used to chat and laugh, but now they were notably silent.
	After Melinda went away, Nelson felt enraged, then became disappointed and followed by feelings of guilt, which led to depression. He differed totally from the previous old, naughty man.
	Jonas pulled his car over near the parterre. A hint of suspicion flashed through Nelson’s eyes when he saw it.
	"Mr. Jonas is still here?"
	"He came back again. He must have forgotten something," somebody inside the greenhouse answered. The car immediately lit up and they heard the car beep after its doors unlocked. Jonas appeared holding a bunch of keys jangled together.
	Jonas recognized the drastic change in his grandfather, but there was nothing he could do about it. Both of them, who were stubborn and close-minded, could not change their mindsets or behaviors with ease.
	"When are you going to take back my granddaughter-in-law?"
	Nelson asked. In recent days, they got along well with each other. Nelson thought that if he conceded to Jonas this time, maybe his grandson would apologize too.
	But things couldn’t be the same as he expected.
	"I will take her back."
	Jonas conveyed a vague answer. Anyone could be his 'granddaughter-in-law' now that the two had broken up. Although Nelson acted incredulous about the legal separation, they carried out the divorce.
	"You know I’m talking about Mellie. Stop twisting my words around."
	Now annoyed, Nelson suddenly felt winded. He had cared for Jonas since he was a tiny kid, and he understood exactly what was in Jonas’s mind now.
	Jonas had been avoiding the question, but he also knew that this was not the proper way to disregard this issue, so he went home. This time, however, he preferred to go back to the company straight away.
	"Grandpa, you know what I mean. I have parted from Melinda. We’ve already signed the divorce agreement. If you don’t believe me, I’ll call your private lawyer and let him look at it for you."
	According to the law, the court would distribute marital property equally in a divorce proceeding, and Melinda took off with nothing. It reduced the proceedings to a great extent, which also caused the legal separation to take effect quickly.
	Nelson may be old, but he was still sensible. He recognized it was true, but he was not ready to give up.
	"Grandpa, I have divorced her. She has no reason to come back. She has no more responsibilities to carry out."
	In Jonas’s viewpoint, his relationship with Melinda was solely about power and obligation.
	"If you didn’t go far, she would still notice me."
	Melinda had always devoted her time and attention to him. The reason she hadn’t shown up for so long was because of Jonas, and it was the complete truth.
	If Melinda needed a fresh start, she had to keep herself away from many people including Jonas, the guy who always brought her pain, as well as Nelson who had always cared for her.
	Since she left by this time, if she had further communication with Nelson, Jonas would even suspect that she was after the money.
	"Grandpa, if she really loves you, she will come to see you regardless of the circumstances."
	Nelson flew into a rage, but he sensed he couldn’t win this argument. His grandson was his source of pride, but he was also giving him anxiety.
	"Jonas, you need to realize that you represent the image of Soaring Group, which is not appropriate for too much scandal. Settle down, find a dutiful wife, and steer clear of the previous girls you screwed up with. So, your wife must be Melinda."
	Resisting the anger in his heart, Nelson intended to have a sincere, frank, and intimate talk with Jonas. He hoped that this could persuade him to reconsider from the perspective of the company’s interests.
	The awareness that Jonas prioritized the people’s interests, foremost, had stretched out to Nelson. There was no other way, so he thought of such a clumsy reason.
	"Jonas, I didn’t care how you acted in the past, but it’s different now. Look at the significant impact all those gossip about you has had on our Soaring Group. It never happened when Melinda was here,"
	Nelson said rationally with an emotional appeal. In reality, such was not the case. The PR department could quickly release a piece of false information that Jonas and Melinda loved each other to prevent the media from reporting the unpleasant news.
	Now that they had split, Melinda hadn’t appeared in public for a long time. With what Jonas had done over the past few years, everyone assumed that Melinda would lose her prestige.
	Jonas didn’t answer back, as if he was considering what Nelson had said. Nelson’s face lit up in joy and he thought that his approach worked. His somber expression finally melted into a slow smile.
Chapter 30 Remarriage
	"Grandpa, I've divorced her already. She's nothing more than just an ex to me."
	Hearing what he had said, Nelson was so angry that he felt his heart clenching painfully. Raising his hand, he grabbed his chest tightly, taking deep breaths to calm himself down.
	Nelson knew he was probably asking for too much, but this was his only wish now. He was old, and feared that he may never live to see his grandson have a happy marriage.
	There was no way for Jonas to understand his grandfather's thoughts. Love was the least of his priorities. What was more, he believed that he would only get married if it was beneficial for him.
	Jonas didn't stay that much longer with Nelson since he still had a lot of work at the company. However, he knew that Nelson wouldn't stop pestering him about getting married any time soon.
	As Jonas entered his office, William couldn't help but feel that his boss was in a bad mood. The office's monochromatic colors gave off a cold and unwelcoming air, which quite suited Jonas's personality today.
	Knowing this, William was smart enough not to enter Jonas's office. After all, he wouldn't have been in such a high position in the company if he had not been as sharp as he had been. Whenever someone else went in and got scolded by Jonas, William couldn't help but chuckle quietly to himself for feeling so clever.
	However, there were times when his cleverness wasn't enough.
	Gavin was trying to call Jonas but he wasn't picking up his phone. Following Nelson's advice, he called the office's hotline.
	"Is Mr. Gu in the company?"
	"I'm sorry but Mr. Gu is busy at the moment,"
	William replied, choosing a relatively vague answer. In truth, Jonas had just finished his work. Now he was leisurely going through business magazines and drinking coffee. It seemed that he did not want to go home at all. He knew that the boss would definitely sleep in the company tonight.
	"Please tell him that his grandfather wants him to come back tonight. It's very important."
	Gavin was very kind and polite, but it inexplicably made William feel a bit stressed. This was the calm before a storm.
	Nelson was the biggest decision maker in the company. Although he didn't get involved in the company's affairs since Jonas married, his power was still there. After weighing the pros and cons for a bit, William finally decided to knock on the door.
	"Come in."
	Jonas stopped what he was doing and put down the business magazine. For the past few minutes, he had just been staring blankly at the magazine on his lap while he drank his coffee. It relaxed him in a way, even though he wasn't really reading anything.
	"Boss, Gavin called. He say that you should be back at the mansion tonight,"
	William said after a moment of hesitation. He tried his best to convince himself that there must be some risk in getting a high salary. Greater wealth was always accompanied by greater dangers.
	After William said his words, he flinched slightly, as if he was afraid of the immediate reaction Jonas would have. Seeing this, Jonas raised his eyebrow. 'Huh. Am I really that frightening?' he thought, bemused.
	"I see."
	He knew that Nelson wouldn't give up easily. If Nelson asked him to go back, Nelson was definitely going to play his last card.
	"He also mentioned that it was important, boss,"
	William said before he quickly left. He took a deep breath and tried to steady himself. He felt so lucky that he had come out alive.
	'How important could it possibly be?' Jonas thought as he scoffed.
	Jonas deliberately stayed in the company for a long time before he went downstairs. At this time, there was almost nobody in the company except the security guards and a couple of employees working overtime. When he returned to the Gu's mansion, Gavin was waiting for him in the living room.
	"Mr. Nelson is waiting for you in the study."
	Jonas nodded to him, and then turned and walked to the stairs. Meanwhile, Gavin was looking carefully at Jonas's back. 'Well, it seems as if he has indeed grown up,' he thought to himself.
	"Mr. Jonas, Mr. Nelson is only after your best intentions. Might I remind you not to be too stubborn with him. He is quite old now,"
	Gavin called out. But Jonas kept walking, even though he heard every word he said. Of course he knew that Nelson was getting old. That was the reason why he moved to the company in the first place—so that he wouldn't bother him anymore.
	Nelson was sitting in his study, browsing through a photo album. There were photos of Jonas when he was still a child. He grew up from a little kid to a handsome man. Consequently, as he grew older, the less he smiled. There were also marriage photos of Jonas and Melinda.
	When Jonas knocked on the door, he found that it was actually already open. As he walked in, he saw Nelson wiping the tears on his eyes as he was closing the photo album.
	For a while, the two men were just there, not speaking a word to each other. Even as they quietly stared at each other, it seemed that Nelson was not going to win this conversation.
	"You are going to stay in the company for the rest of your life, aren't you?"
	Nelson started, finally breaking the silence. At first he had planned to have a good talk with Jonas, but he couldn't control his anger any more, especially since it had gotten accumulated over the past couple of days.
	"Grandpa, you won't be bothered if I am not at home. I'm doing this for your sake," Jonas answered matter-of-factly.
	He knew his grandfather was angry with him.
	"You're doing this for my sake? You're my grandson, so I won't beat around the bush with you. I don't care what's going on between you and Mellie. If you don't bring her back, you will no longer be considered as the rightful heir to my company,"
	said Nelson. This was his last card. If this hadn't succeeded, he wouldn't have had any way to solve this.
	At this, Jonas's face darkened. Being threatened was one of the things he hated the most. He was pretty sure that Nelson knew this, and still, he couldn't resist threatening him right now.
	Some charges had a heavy weight on him.
	Since he had taken over the company, he had already possessed his own benefit chain. It was impossible for him to give it up at this time.
	Nelson got his weakness easily.
	"Okay, I promise. But Grandpa, I hope you won't interfere with whatever else I plan to do."
	Nelson nodded his head. "As long as you take her back, there would be a way out." And with that, their argument quickly came to an end.
	Since Nelson was quite elderly, he bade good night to Jonas and went to bed. On the other hand, Jonas had a hard time getting some sleep.
	He could feel that Melinda had changed. Because of this, he had no confidence in bringing her back.
	As the night grew deeper, Jonas kept tossing and turning in his bed. Finally, he sat up from bed, took his coat and car keys, and went out.
	Jonas knew where Melinda lived. When he drove up to her home, the light was still on. As he sat in his car, he hesitated for a while, because he wasn't sure whether she was asleep or not.
	Most of the time, Melinda was very much like a child and could not take good care of herself. For instance, she would forget to turn off the lights, forget to cover herself with a blanket at night, and so on.
	'What's wrong with me,' Jonas thought as he tightly gripped on the steering wheel. With a grunt, he turned the car around and left.
	The next day, Jonas called up Melinda, only to find that he had been blacklisted. Finally, he managed to get in contact with her through William's phone. But as soon as Melinda heard his voice, she hung up and then blocked William's number as well. From now on, whenever an unknown number called her phone, she instantly ignored it.
	'Well done, Melinda!' Jonas thought as he gritted his teeth. The situation was definitely not how he had intended it to be.
	From the looks of it, Melinda was very unwilling to get in contact again with Jonas. Even though he knew where she lived, he couldn't find her at her place.
	Melinda knew very well about Jonas. It was easy to avoid him as long as she wanted to.
	Having looked for Melinda for a few days, he wasn't able to see her. It was obvious that she was trying to avoid him. On top of that, he couldn't help but think of how Melinda was before all of this. The more he thought about it, the more he got annoyed.
	There was no other way he could relinquish his anger.
	Consequently, the people who worked for him were very nervous and tense because of his mood.
	Jonas had no choice but to see Melinda through Kent. Although she was a little surprised to see him, she managed to keep herself calm.
	It had been a long time since they met last time. Jonas hadn't changed a bit. She had thought that she wouldn't miss this man, but when she saw him, she knew that she hadn't forgotten him completely.
	"I heard that you have been looking for me."
	Melinda was no longer the one who she used to be. There was no love and confusion in her eyes. She had changed completely.
	What was more, she seemed to have gotten a lot more attractive.
	"Let's get married again," Jonas said flat out.
	Melinda was stunned for a long time. It was like a bolt of lightening had struck her heart.
	"Mr. Gu, are you kidding?"
	Melinda had to admit that her heart began to shake just now. As soon as it did, she warned herself not to be so naive.
	"I don't joke around. For your information, this is Grandpa's request. If you and I don't get back together, he will no longer make me the rightful heir to the company."
	Since Jonas was determined to get her back, he didn't plan to hide anything from her. Melinda was not a fool, and he knew she would suspect that there must be reason for this sudden proposal. It was better to tell her in the beginning.
	Melinda smiled bitterly in her heart. 'Of course. I was starting to wonder if Jonas had really changed. It turns out that Grandpa just gave him an order,' she thought.
	Nelson was someone she felt incredibly grateful towards, and because of this she felt a bit guilty. In order to escape from her life with Jonas, she also had to deliberately ignore Nelson.
	"You know I won't give up my right of inheritance. What's more, I'm sure the advantages will outweigh disadvantages if you remarry to me. My grandfather has been very good to you over the years. He has missed you a lot lately. If you still have conscience, you'd just agree,"
	said Jonas. Melinda's parents didn't know about their divorce and she had been concealing it from them. Although Jonas didn't say anything about it, it was obvious that he knew this from the look in his eyes.
	"Fine, I'll remarry you. But Jonas, I'm not the same person I used to be. I want to have my own space and freedom. We should cooperate."
	She emphasized the word "cooperate" and expressed the purpose of this remarriage. The two were both on the same page about getting married again—it was not because they still had feelings for each other, but rather for similar interests. Even though Jonas's words were appealing, Melinda had something else in mind.
Chapter 31 Love And Hate
	Before they broke up, Melinda only had Jonas in her heart. There was nothing she wouldn't do for him and for the Gu family. It was hard to even remember when was the last time she had lived for no one else but herself.
	Recently, she had been living a nice and unrestrained life. However, she constantly found herself feeling lost. Emptiness often overruled her heart. Melinda believed that once she left, nothing bad would happen to her anymore. But, once night fell and everything became quiet, she couldn't help but feel sorrow.
	Despite this, she was determined not to be bullied and taken advantage of.
	She had a stronger sense of self-worth, and felt quite empowered when she and Jonas had broken up.
	Meanwhile, Jonas was a little surprised that Melinda would make a condition like that. After thinking it over, he nodded in agreement. 'I'm just doing this to please Grandpa after all,' he thought to himself.
	"Very well. I wish us a pleasant cooperation, my dear ex-husband,"
	Melinda said with a smile. The way her lips curved up was just the same as Jonas remembered five years ago. Her eyes, however, were dull and indifferent. Even though she looked the same on the surface, Melinda had truly grown into a different person.
	Jonas didn't say anything about this title. There was nothing he cared about at the moment other than achieving his goal. The remarriage procedure could be easily arranged, and Jonas hurriedly left to get it started. Since Melinda was not in a hurry, she just sat back and took a deep breath to clear her head.
	'This might be harder than our first marriage,' Melinda sighed to herself. 'I can do this. I just have to stay focused.'
	Not long after Jonas left, Kent arrived. Before Melinda could react, he pulled up a chair across from her and sat down.
	"Are you okay?"
	Kent asked in a low voice. Actually, he was a little regretful. Because of his selfish motives, he arranged for Melinda and Jonas to meet. It was so that Melinda could have a chance to finally get closure from Jonas. What Kent didn't expect was that their meeting would actually bring the two back together.
	"I'm fine, Kent."
	The drink she ordered had already cooled down, but she still held it tightly in her hands.
	"What did he want to see you about?" questioned Kent. Jonas had told him that there was something important he needed to tell Melinda. Because of this, he was sure that they were going to close off their relationship once and for all.
	"He wants to get remarried." Melinda said it so calmly and casually as if she was just saying something about the weather.
	"Remarried? To you?" Shock filled Kent's face.
	"Yes. I've already agreed to it."
	Melinda took a sip. Her stomach throbbed a bit from how cold the drink was, making her feel more awake.
	"Mellie, are you out of your mind? Have you ever thought about the consequences if you return to Gu family?"
	Kent thought that Melinda must be irritated by what happened to her, or she wouldn't have made such a decision. The Gu family was such a cruel and merciless family. Though Nelson always protected her, she still suffered a lot, and it was mostly because of Jonas.
	"I know."
	She had gone through it, so she knew the darkness in it. She had endured it for five years before. Now she was ready to make good use of her identity. What else was there to be afraid of?
	"Mellie, don't make a decision that you will regret."
	Kent tried to persuade her, but Melinda shook her head stubbornly. Recently, she had been trying to escape many things, but now she just didn't want to do that.
	"Kent, I am the hostess of the Gu family. I won't be bullied by anyone,"
	Melinda said with a smile. She had never dared to claim herself as the hostess back then, but now she did with her chin up and her voice loud and clear. The status, power and honor she had was attained through a lot of hardships.
	"Grandpa has been protecting me all the time, and yet I disappointed him. But he hasn't given up on me, so I can't give up myself either. Besides, Kent, I still can't get over the humiliation I have suffered. This is my time to prove myself."
	Nelson had always hoped that she and Jonas could get along well and support each other in the family. But over the years, she was like a silly girl who did a lot of wrong things.
	Now thinking of what she had done, she disliked herself very much. It was no wonder that a lot of people made things hard for her.
	"I still don't want you to go back," Kent said. After stepping out of the Gu's mansion, Melinda finally had a smile on her face. If she went back, everything would disappear.
	"Are you really planning on giving up all the hard work you've gone?"
	Kent persuaded again.
	"Of course I won't. I've talked to Jonas."
	Melinda had already made a lot of improvement on her career in literature. This was something she was really passionate about, so she wasn't going to give it up easily.
	"Kent, I know what you mean. But I just can't get over the barrier in my heart, you know? I have been dreaming a lot lately. I often dream of my child whom I have never even met. He is very beautiful, but there is resentment in his eyes."
	When she said this, she even had a warm smile on her face, but only she herself knew that her heart felt empty and bleak. This was one of the reasons she promised to go back. She wanted to avenge her child. If those people hadn't forced her, she would not lose her child in the first place.
	She did not show any grief in front of Kent, and had endured it all these years. Still, Kent felt really bad and worried for her.
	"Don't you hate him though?" Kent asked as he shook his head.
	Melinda sneered. How could she not hate him? She had loved Jonas with all her heart, and now he was the person she hated the most. It sometimes caught her off guard that she could hate a person as much as she hated Jonas.
	"Of course I do."
	'And I hate myself as well,' she thought. 'If I could let go of my love for him sooner, maybe a lot of things wouldn't have happened. There would be no harm, sadness and loss...'
	"Melinda, it is such a burden to hate someone. I don't want to see you like that. Hate can drive you out of your mind, make you do things you don't really want to do. You are not calm enough at the moment,"
	Kent continued to persuade. Melinda looked at Kent with a frightening cold expression in her eyes. There was no way Kent would understand how Melinda felt since he didn't experience it for himself. It was easy enough for her to understand that Kent just could wrap his head around the situation, but she just wished that he wouldn't stop persuading her like this.
	"Kent, I'm not a child any more. I can tell the difference between good and bad. I've already decided to remarry Jonas. I don't need your opinion about this."
	Staring at her, Kent swallowed back the words on the tip of his tongue. He clenched his fists as his lips pressed into a fine line. A sense of inability overwhelmed him. Seeing this, Melinda sighed. "Kent, I'm a little tired. I'll go back and get some rest."
	Melinda put down the cup in her hand. Her nails were pale, and her eyes looked worn out. The glow she usually had was not there, and it was easy to see that there was a sadness in her heart.
	Staring at her back, Kent was still determined to stop her from remarrying Jonas. No matter what the reason was, he would never allow her to go back to the Gu family.
	Melinda was exhausted, both physically and mentally. Her nerves were taut. As soon as she relaxed, she felt a buzz echoing in her head.
	Lying on the sofa, Melinda curled up into a ball, hugging her knees tightly. A heaviness crept up her heart, and she couldn't help but cry softly.
	After returning to the company, Jonas handed the task to William. As his secretary, William tried his best to stay professional, suppress his curiosity and print out two copies of the contract.
	While he was at it, William added the request that Melinda made a few days ago and printed it out as well.
	When he dialed her number again, it was no longer in the blacklist. Melinda spoke in a rather strained voice, completely different from the time when he met her.
	After making an appointment, they hung up the phone. Even though things went smoothly, there was still something different. Their conversation was cold and distant. Even people who worked together often greeted and exchanged a few words with each other.
	They had been married for five years, but they behaved like strangers. It was ironically painful.
	The past few days, Kent had been following Melinda's whereabouts because he was worried for her. Seeing that she was ready to go out, he called her immediately.
	"Kent?"
	Melinda asked a bit surprised, glancing down at her watch. Normally, Kent was writing at this time. He was a self-disciplined man and always followed a strict routine.
	"Mellie, are you free now? Could you please help me find some materials in the municipal library? I need it urgently."
	Kent had often asked Melinda to help with the material search, so she didn't think much about it. What was more, it sounded that he was really in a hurry to get the material.
	"I have something else to do now. Can I search that for you later?" Melinda said hesitantly.
	"Mellia, I promised to update it in an hour. I can't make it to the library in time. Please."
	"Well, send all the information you need to my WeChat."
	Afterwards, Melinda called Jonas to reschedule their appointment. It took a long time for her to rearrange the meeting, because from that day on, Kent always found some excuse to prevent her from meeting Jonas.
	The first time or the second time it happened, Melinda didn't feel anything wrong. The third time, she started to feel suspicious, and decided to confront Kent face to face.
	"Kent, you can't stop me from remarrying Jonas. You can't prevent it. It'd be better if you just wished me luck instead of doing this!"
	Melinda was determined. No matter what kind of reason Kent had used this time, she chose to ignore him. After telling her current situation to Jonas, they made an appointment in private.
	However, Kent was a bit stubborn. He still tried to stop her. He was not willing to let her go. 'Why does she even want to go back to such a horrible place? To such a horrible person? She's already gotten away from it. Things are already going great for her!' Kent thought in annoyance.
	Finally, Melinda and Jonas were able to meet up to go through the contract. This time around, Melinda was much more cautious. She went through the terms and conditions of the contract in detail, and even stated those she didn't understand. Jonas even revised the parts of the contract Melinda was dissatisfied with.
	They signed the contract under the condition that both of them were contented with it. Melinda took her copy of the contract and said sarcastically, "I did not expect that I would be Mrs. Gu again so soon. I really want to see what the expressions of your current lovers will have."
Chapter 32 Showing Love
	Although there was no newspaper report about the divorce, those who had known and showed deep concern on Jonas’s situation knew, because of Holley and Yulia.
	The position as Mrs. Gu had attracted so many people, but Nelson seemed to be in the middle of the Himalayan range. So far, only Melinda had crossed the line alone. Even Emily, who Jonas favored, got stuck there.
	"Please execute your duty as Mrs. Gu cautiously," said Jonas. Melinda's mocking on him was not much of a gesture, but he took the contract.
	"Don’t worry. I won’t disappoint you,"
	Melinda said with a smile, and then stopped talking nonsense with Jonas. Glancing at the man she once loved felt like torture now. Just the sight of him made her uncomfortable.
	Nelson called Jonas three times daily to ask him about the progress of taking Melinda back. When Jonas arrived home, he took out the marriage agreement and gave it straight to his grandfather. It thrilled Nelson, and he was as happy as a child.
	"You’ve been reliable once. Throw away what Mellie owned before. Let’s buy brand new ones. Ask Gavin to arrange a car. You and I will pick her up personally."
	The delightful news pleased Nelson. This was the only fortunate thing that had made him cheerful these days. He even considered Jonas to be less irritating. Jonas had never expected that the old man would be so vigorous and decisive. It was only a matter of time before Melinda moved back.
	Jonas followed Nelson’s request to pick up Melinda in person. Gavin quickly arranged for someone to buy something latest and fresh for Melinda. When Yulia heard the news, her entire family kept busy preparing for Melinda’s return.
	After returning home, Melinda packed up her things. In fact, she didn’t have much, just a few sets of simple clothes. Although she would live in the Gu’s mansion, she wasn’t ready to give up her apartment, where she left many belongings there.
	The Gu family was not short on cash. Still, she brought her things back to their house since it was of little importance to them.
	When the doorbell rang, Melinda assumed it was Kent. Opening the door, she saw Nelson grinning at her. "My child, Grandpa came to take you home," said Nelson lovingly.
	Melinda almost cried after hearing his words, but she restrained herself. The Gu’s mansion had never been her home, but it had Nelson, who loved her most.
	"Grandpa, what are you doing here?"
	Melinda swiftly stepped aside and let Nelson enter the living room. She ignored Jonas who was following closely behind.
	After seeing that Melinda was packing, Nelson told her that the family had bought extra clothing at home, and asked her to go back at once. Melinda did not refuse and finally brought just her laptop.
	The two hadn’t seen each other for a long time. Nelson missed her so much and kept craving for affection, which made Melinda feel very guilty. Jonas, who continued to be an invisible man, drove them back to the mansion.
	As he glanced at the cordial atmosphere in the car’s back seat, his mouth curved into a slight smile. If one didn’t look carefully, they wouldn’t see it at all.
	Gavin worked efficiently. Within a brief period, he had remodeled the bedroom. Yulia was green with envy. As a member of the Gu family, she didn’t get such special treatment.
	Melinda made her way to the mansion again. She felt distant and tensed, and scenes of humiliation flashed back on her mind.
	"Gavin, why did you let this woman in? Aren’t you afraid that she will stain the floors of the mansion with filth?" Yulia’s voice rang out, full of obvious hatred.
	She always took the chance to embarrass Melinda on all occasions, which was still the case. A heavy silence fell upon the room.
	Many people in the mansion wondered whether Melinda’s return had turned over to a more peaceful situation. Now, they covered their mouths and snickered after witnessing how Yulia humiliated her.
	Melinda clenched her fists into knots several times, loosening them after a moment, but did not say a word.
	"Poor Melinda, have you forgotten that you’ve divorced my brother? Or you’re using Grandpa to force my brother into marrying you again? You’ve used the same trick before, don’t you feel cheap?"
	Melinda didn’t contradict her, which made Yulia more cocky. Nelson’s pleasant mood disappeared at this moment. He frowned heavily, and even the eyes of Jonas flashed with dismay.
	He thought Melinda would put up a fight. After all, she was so indifferent at the time of the negotiations. But he didn’t expect that she would act the same way as before, and just kept silent as things unfold before her.
	"Jonas, it’s such a pity for you to face this woman again." Yulia kept on babbling nonstop. Melinda just stood there, and no one noticed if she was listening.
	She did nothing, but Nelson grew furious. He ultimately won Melinda back, and the last thing he wanted was for anyone to shame her.
	"Yulia, you are old enough. If you keep talking like this, just move out."
	Nelson’s words had never been a joke. The mansion was enormous, like a starred hotel. Although not that high, it was still more luxurious than a hotel.
	Yulia was a woman who liked to show off. Why would she be eager to move out? She went silent that instant. But her eyes, which seemed to speak, stared at Melinda long and hard.
	The mood in the mansion became strange again. Nelson sympathized with Melinda, and he also intended for her to spend more time with Jonas. He let Jonas accompany her back to the bedroom.
	"Jonas, I told you I needed my personal space. Do you think it’s proper for us to sleep together?"
	Walking side by side, Melinda said after leaving Nelson’s sight. Jonas was stunned for a second. The separate space in his understanding was a little different from what Melinda meant.
	"I don’t have to stay in the main villa. There are a lot of detached small villas here," Melinda said.
	She had prepared to move to another villa from the very beginning. There were different kinds of villas surrounding the main villa, and servants lived in the outermost area.
	"I’ll have Gavin arrange it, but in case grandfather suspects, I’ll move in."
	In this way, Nelson wouldn’t say anything. His purpose was to create an amiable relationship between Jonas and Melinda. Maybe he would feel glad with this situation.
	Jonas asked Gavin to require servants to clean up an independent villa which was not far and stood only behind the main villa. Nelson didn’t protest when he heard this.
	Gavin had all the newly bought things moved into the villa, which was used to entertain guests. There was no one occupying the main bedroom, and there was a balcony facing the garden. Melinda loved it so much that she moved in directly.
	On the first night of her stay, she lay sleepless for hours. Early the next day, she saw Gavin brought breakfast with a servant in tow. Jonas sat on the dining table while reading the newspaper.
	"Good morning,"
	Melinda greeted him casually and sat down at the farthest seat away from Jonas. Without raising his head, Jonas set the newspaper aside and said coldly, "Let’s go shopping later."
	Melinda swore that if not for her fast reflexes, the milk in her mouth would definitely spill out. She tried hard to gulp down the glass of milk and looked at Jonas in confusion. The veins on his forehead seemed ready to burst. He glimpsed at her without saying a word, and she nodded involuntarily.
	It wasn’t until the two of them went out that she realized it was all just for show, to emphasize that they were madly in love. Their shopping spree lasted over two days, and the once empty villa shortly filled up.
	Since Jonas was well off, for him shopping only meant footing the bill.
	As long as Melinda lingered in a shop for a while, most of the goods in the shop would be packed together and delivered straight to the Gu's mansion. The media frenzy was underway after being silent for a long time. Mr. and Mrs. Gu went out on public to show their affection again, and the headline of Mr. Gu’s power in spoiling his wife was all over the press.
	These days, Jonas’s grandpa was also happy. The reunion had some people thrilled, while others felt concerned. When Holley read the news, she tore up the newspaper immediately and called Yulia.
	Yulia had also been in misery recently. She narrated to her the entire story of Melinda and Jonas. She kept repeating that Melinda was shameless and that she was harassing Jonas.
	"We have to break them up."
	"How? She’s pestering my brother every single day, and they went to the mall again,"
	Yulia said in a desperate voice. As the delivery of stuffs kept arriving at Melinda’s villa, Yulia felt that all her insults and disgrace to Melinda at the very beginning lost its meaning.
	Unlike Yulia, Holley insisted on sabotaging their shopping moment as soon as she heard this update.
	Melinda did not understand what was lacking in her. In recent days, Jonas had flaunted his entire wealth that he almost wanted to move the mall back.
	"Don’t you women always have things you wished to buy?"
	Jonas felt confused about this. Melinda wanted to tell him she could wear all the clothes he bought without wearing a single item repeatedly for an entire year.
	"We go shopping for fun, not to loot."
	"You mean I’m acting like a mobster?"
	Jonas’s tone sounded displeased. Melinda waved her hand and said, "Of course not. Hey, don’t you want to show your love? Well, do you see the dessert stand over there? I’d like to have an ice cream cone. Go buy one."
	Melinda was clearly intentional. If she didn’t play a practical joke on Jonas at such a relevant opportunity, she would feel sorry for her pathetic experience in the last five years.
	Looking at the lengthy queue, Jonas frowned so much that it deepened into a scowl. Looking at the innocent smile on Melinda’s face, he felt his fists itching to hit out.
	"Jonas, are you here shopping too?"
	Holley’s voice crashed the silence. Melinda folded her legs to one side and kept her knees tightly locked as she looked at Jonas with a teasing smile. Jonas took a deep breath and gazed back at her with a smile, touching her head fondly.
	"If you want an ice cream cone, just tell me. I’ll buy it for you."
	With a horrified look, Melinda subconsciously tried to avoid Jonas, but she endured it because of the presence of Holley. Jonas left to wait in line, and he stood tall among a group of junior girls.
	Passers-by took out their mobile phones to take photos. It stunned Holley when she saw the scene. Was the man lining up to buy ice cream really the Jonas she knew?
Chapter 33 Mrs. Gu
	"I want mango flavor."
	Melinda called, grinning happily. A smile tugged at the corners of Jonas's lips as he was waiting in line to get an ice cream cone for her.
	Holley strutted towards Jonas and interlinked her arms with his. But he wriggled away from her hold.
	"Jonas, don't you see that she's doing it intentionally?"
	Holley said anxiously. If someone had told Holley that Jonas would wait in a long queue one day to get an ice cream cone for Melinda, she would have laughed.
	She didn't expect that things would change in Melinda's favor soon. Holley felt as if her entire world had fallen apart.
	"Mellie likes it,"
	Jonas said, shrugging casually. Melinda's skin broke into goose bumps when she heard Jonas's words. Her heart started to beat frantically. Holley's eyes widened with shock. She stomped her foot angrily. "Have you fallen in love with that bitch?"
	Holley felt that Jonas wouldn't fall in love with a woman like Melinda. She pacified her wounded heart by telling herself that Nelson must have forced Jonas to get along with Melinda. She couldn't help but feel sorry for him.
	"She is Mrs. Gu,"
	Jonas grunted as his body stiffened. Holley opened her mouth to say something but decided against it. She didn't want to annoy Jonas.
	Jonas smiled at Melinda who was relishing her ice cream cone. "You should have given me a bite," Jonas said, arching an eyebrow.
	"Mr. Gu, eating ice cream isn't good for you. You need to start taking your medicines."
	Melinda tried hard to suppress her laughter. She loved teasing Jonas. Her eyebrows furrowed when she saw Holley standing behind him.
	"We are on a date and you've brought your ex-girlfriend with you. You're impossible, Mr. Gu."
	Jonas didn't know why Melinda called him Mr. Gu. He wondered if she was making fun of him or preferred calling him that. Whatever the reason was, Jonas loved it when she called him Mr. Gu.
	"Melinda, stop acting too smart, you..." Holley lost her cool and was seething with rage. Jonas called his bodyguards and instructed them to take Holley away. He didn't want her disturbing their date.
	The entire day had passed in the blink of an eye. They had shopped a lot of things and Melinda was happy about making Holley jealous. Unfortunately, she had to face some repercussions too. The cool drinks and ice creams were ravaging her stomach.
	Several days later, they finally decided to put an end to their act. Jonas headed to work and Melinda stayed home to write.
	When Jonas went to his office, Holley was already waiting for him. She had tried hard breaking his relationship with Melinda but all her plans had failed. Even the web series didn't go smoothly and Holley was in a mess.
	Holley had come to borrow money from Jonas. The allocated budget was not enough.
	"Holley, do you think that I'm running a charity? I don't mind lending money but you should at least pay the interest on time,"
	Jonas said, twirling the pen with his fingers. Holley had been busy planning to destroy Melinda and didn't pay enough attention to work. The web series would have been a huge hit if she had meticulously planned and executed her ideas.
	"I've learned from my mistakes and I know how to make this right. Moreover, web series are profitable."
	Web series usually employed fresh faces. Since the actors were new to the business, their remunerations were usually low. Moreover, the sets and properties were economical. They could invest a small amount and gain huge profits.
	"I'm sorry, I'm not ready to give money anymore. I expect you to pay my money back with interest,"
	Jonas said coldly. Holley finally realized that Jonas had been using her all this time.
	He had been pretending to be close with her only to humiliate Melinda. Holley was of no use to him now and he had thrown her away like a pile of trash.
	Holley stepped forward and held his hand. "Jonas, trust me. It won't go wrong this time. Please lend money for one last time and I'll make sure you see profits that are double your investment. I promise."
	Jonas glared at Holley and bellowed his orders, "William, send Miss Huang out."
	William walked in and held Holley's arms to escort her out of the office. Holley understood that Jonas was firm with his decision and she could do nothing to change his mind. She was desperate to play the main lead. Her dreams would shatter if Jonas didn't invest in the play.
	"Jonas, you are being cruel,"
	Holley cried angrily.
	William managed to send Holley away and walked into the CEO office. Jonas was waiting for him.
	"Find out what Holley has done with the money. Inform the casting director about it and he'll know what to do."
	"Mr. Gu, do you want me to send someone to monitor the progress of the play?"
	William asked. Initially, William was apprehensive about contacting Holley and supervising the web series. But he had a clear idea of what Jonas wanted.
	"Yeah. That sounds like a good idea." Jonas nodded.
	He always believed in William. He was like Jonas's right hand. Holley didn't disappoint him either. Although the play didn't make enough profit, she still got the part of the heroine.
	Moreover, everyone was aware of the unspoken rules.
	Melinda seemed to calm down without Jonas around. She was perched on the rails of the balcony as she inhaled the sweet scent of the evening air. She had made herself a cup of tea and stared at the vacant sky. Her body and mind seemed to relax. She felt that the perfect evening would have been complete if there was a cat by her side.
	Melinda went back to her room and turned on soft music on her computer. She plopped on the chair and browsed through the latest comments. Many popular blogs, magazines, and papers were raving about her books. She had become a sensational writer.
	Although her writing didn't consist of big words woven into mind-boggling stories, her books were emotional that tugged the heartstrings of the readers. Melinda had managed to earn a loyal fan base in a short time. Some of them had written personal letters to Melinda that made her incredibly happy. The comments and letters from her fans gave her a sense of hope. She was finally witnessing the light at the end of the tunnel.
	Melinda usually sat down to write after reading the comments. Words of positivity always encouraged her to write more. She usually wrote in silence and drowned into her imaginary world.
	Melinda had managed to write more than ten thousand words and decided to call it a day. She stood up and stretched her sore muscles. Melinda would always lose track of time every time she sat down to write. She had been sitting in the exact position at a stretch and was exhausted.
	The scented tea she made for herself had turned cold. She packed her things and went back to her room. She was mentally drained and decided to go for a walk in the backyard.
	The backyard was usually quiet except for the humming of the bees. It was teeming with flowers and a lonely tea pavilion stood in the corner of the backyard. Nelson usually loved spending his evenings there.
	Melinda walked in with a cup of tea and saw Nelson playing Tai Chi with Gavin.
	"Grandpa, I made scented tea for you. Gavin, would you also like to have some tea?"
	Nelson stopped and smiled at her. He couldn't refuse her request but Gavin quickly excused himself as he had a lot of work to attend to.
	"How have you been, sweetie? How is Jonas treating you? If he causes any trouble, come to me. I'm always here for you. I'll knock some sense into his head,"
	Nelson said intently. He was aware of all the problems Melinda had gone through and didn't want her to get hurt again.
	"Don't worry, Grandpa. We're fine."
	Melinda smiled. Things had been getting better between her and Jonas. She would always play pranks on him. She enjoyed seeing him break his head without venting out his anger on her.
	There was a thin line between love and hatred and Melinda had to tread carefully.
	"Oh, thank God."
	Nelson smiled and breathed a sigh of relief.
	"Jonas has been busy with work. Aren't you sick of staying home all day?"
	Nelson was disappointed with Jonas for not taking care of Melinda when she had fallen ill the last time.
	He knew that Jonas had to deal with the business on his own but he hated that he didn't have the time for his wife.
	"No, I'm happy to spend the day writing and watching TV series," Melinda replied with a smile.
	"You're a young lady. You need to go out often. There is an auction tonight and I want you to accompany me. I won't let you stay at home all day. Kids need to chill out."
	Nelson patted her head and smiled. He wanted Melinda to enjoy her life.
	When Melinda was little, she used to have dreams about traveling the world. But she understood the harsh reality of life when she grew up. Dreams don't always come true.
	"Grandpa, I'm not a little kid anymore, I will be thirty soon."
	Nelson frowned.
	"You will always be a kid to me."
	Nelson had made up his mind to take Melinda to the auction. He instructed Gavin to send the invites to everyone. He lauded his granddaughter-in-law before the guests.
	Everyone complimented Melinda even if they secretly despised her. Jonas had ruined her reputation but no one had the audacity to speak ill of Melinda in front of Nelson.
	Nelson had bought a pair of necklace and earrings to show everyone how much he adored her. Jonas paid for the jewelry without protesting.
	Jonas was shocked by Nelson's generosity but didn't complain about it. Melinda quickly changed into an evening gown and wore the jewelry set that Nelson had got for her. She didn't look like a normal girl anymore. She had turned into an opulent beauty.
	Nelson loved enjoying every moment of his life. Melinda was always well-behaved and her world was restricted within the walls of the Gu's mansion. She hardly stepped out. She spent her time writing books, watching TV, and taking care of Nelson.
	Nelson wanted Melinda to live her life to the fullest. He ordered Gavin to pay attention to all the fun activities in the city. He wanted to take her to different places and make her happy.
	Nelson had openly admitted that he loved Melinda more than anyone else. Jonas was jealous of Melinda as he got his grandfather's undivided love and attention while he was working hard to pay for their considerable expenses.
Chapter 34 Paid Posers
	During this period, Melinda felt very relaxed, simply by not paying attention to an annoying creature like Yulia.
	Melinda shared dinner with the Gu family in the main villa. Yulia used to not show up during mealtime. However, she started eating on a regular schedule every day since Melinda’s return just to annoy her.
	These days, Nelson took Melinda to attend various events, many of which she also wanted to make an appearance at, but she hadn't been invited, so she gave up.
	Therefore, Nelson unknowingly pushed Yulia to hate Melinda more.
	Jonas usually had lunch at the office, and today was no exception. Nelson had an appointment with an old friend, so Melinda, Yulia and Queena were left at the table.
	The trio of women looked like they were at play taking on different roles. They positioned themselves in a triangle-shaped formation. Yulia's expression was as scornful as ever. Queena behaved as if she had no involvement, and Melinda remained indifferent.
	"Aunt Yao, why are you letting her sit here for lunch? Aren’t you afraid she’ll spoil your appetite?"
	Yulia regarded Melinda with disgust. The entire Gu family knew that they were not getting along well. Queena disliked them both, so she said nothing and watched them in silence.
	However, what surprised her was Melinda. Back then, she was nothing but a dummy who lacked critical thinking. Although she tried to withhold her anger, she was a natural in taking opportunity in bad situations to gain an advantage.
	"Let's eat. We are one family, so we should sit together, shouldn't we?"
	Queena said. The dishes were served on the table in succession. The household had no extravagant style, but there were ten courses prepared for the three of them. Each platter was an explosion of colors, aromas and taste, making them feel a fleeting moment of hunger.
	"She is not my family!"
	Yulia refused to believe that Melinda got to become her sister-in-law once again. Particularly Melinda stole all the attention from Nelson as soon as she arrived home.
	"Yulia, don't let your brother hear what you just said, or he will feel sad,"
	Melinda said with a smile, as though she just put up with a childish teenager. By this time, she had done a lot of role-playing with Jonas. What she said made Yulia feel some pangs of concern.
	"Melinda, are you threatening me with my brother?"
	Exasperated, Yulia sprang up from the table. She had been very cranky these past few days. As she straightened up from her seat, the chair hit the servant standing behind.
	"Mother, I'd better go back and have dinner at my place."
	Instead of responding to Yulia's question, Melinda just got up quietly and said to Queena in a low voice. Compared to Yulia's immature demeanor, she was more sensible.
	Queena nodded, and shot Yulia a warning look. She was someone who paid much attention to dignity. At home, it seemed normal for Yulia to act in this manner. In the public eye, she would bring disgrace to the whole Gu family's name.
	Being petite with a well-shaped body, Melinda put on a white dress today. The way she stepped out looked very pitiful. Yulia's beautiful brown eyes were full of hatred as she thought on how brilliant Melinda was in pretending to be pathetic.
	With this in mind, Yulia tarried at home so she could vent her frustration on the housemaid. At the same time, one close friend invited her to meet up. She poured out the details of what occurred, and stretched the truth.
	"Yulia, you're too impulsive,"
	her friend remarked in line with the topic. Yulia was not only unrestrained, but also unreasonable. All that she has done was bully people who had no ally like Melinda. If Melinda had some reputable family background, Yulia would unquestionably suffer a great loss.
	"How could you speak for her? What's wrong with you?"
	Her words pissed Yulia off. Yulia turned around for a moment, and then slapped her hard in the face.
	Smack! The air seemed to be frozen. The girl's delicate and tender cheek quickly turned bright red and swollen, and she couldn’t hold back the tears.
	"I just hit you once. Why are you crying? Bitches always get off on feigning to be pitiful and weak."
	Seeing the grief-stricken look on her friend's face, Yulia thought of how Nelson defended Melinda before her very eyes, and how she was often scolded and criticized in the process.
	"Yulia," her friend called out apprehensively. She held her face where Yulia had hit her. Although she looked resentful, it was well masked.
	Yulia didn't have a good temper, so she didn't have much friends. Most of them were after favors and worthless benefits, and she was also the same. Being beaten by Yulia like this, how could she not be infuriated? Although her family was not as affluent as the Gu family, they ran their own business and enjoyed a comfortable lifestyle.
	"Don't get so upset. I feel sick when I see such looks."
	Yulia was impatient. She grabbed her friend's hair and said ruthlessly, "I told you not to act upset under my nose. Crazy bitch."
	Her friend had anxieties whenever Yulia acted so neurotic. She tried her best to break off from Yulia’s grasp and fled when she had the chance.
	'Creep! All of them are insane!' she thought.
	Yulia felt much better after she released her rage on her friend. And she didn't care much when her friend left, so she continued to hang around.
	Holley slept with the director and took the seat of the female lead actor. But when she imagined his large beer belly and thinning hair, she felt disgusted and completely despised Jonas.
	If it hadn't been for Jonas, she wouldn't have taken the title role in such a drastic measure. The entertainment circle was a big hotpot with a few innocent people.
	There were many hidden rules and shady deals. She had already made preparations ahead of time, so she had been trying to hook up with Jonas. If she had a bit of a brain, she wouldn't go to the director.
	After all, Jonas had money, power and a handsome face. She had once desired to become his next wife after he got rid of Melinda.
	Thinking it was Melinda's influence that made Jonas change from the day she came back, Holley blamed all the faults to her.
	Since Jonas couldn't pay back for all her grudges, she would get even with Melinda. Holley would never forget the embarrassment that day at the mall.
	Being on the news about their love, there were even harsh insults from the public towards her.
	Rubbing her nails, Holley took out her phone from inside the drawer and dialed an unregistered number, which was directly answered.
	"Find some posers and make them bash Melinda nonstop on Weibo," Holley snapped with a sinister grin. She wanted Melinda to suffer the same pain that she went through.
	Now that Melinda worked as a writer, she had her personal account. Everyone surfing online played as Internet detectives, and her Weibo ID had been exposed.
	"How much do you want?"
	The person other end of the line did not require any explanation. As a professional, provided that people paid up, people similar to him could become harsh critics on Weibo.
	Countless individuals had battled depression or totally gave up the entertainment circle because of these so-called keyboard warriors. Sometimes, cyber bullying could be very ugly.
	"It's enough to be a hot issue. I will transfer the payment to you later, as usual."
	Holley hired the posers coupled with the spreading of nasty gossips. She accidentally met this person, and he did a great deal of things for her. The social media world was really chaotic, and she knew well how to deal with others. Every time she found someone harassing her, she would get rid of them in a flash.
	She used the same phone number from way back. The other end hung up the phone, and soon sent a message of an account number. Holley found herself running out of money.
	The director did nothing else except to give her a role.
	Things didn't go well as expected, and Holley was almost as irritable as Yulia. However, Yulia could let out her annoyance on others because of her identity, while Holley could smash things at the most. If, one day, she would become famous, she would make them all regret for treating her wrong.
	The day after, Melinda's Weibo was full of negative comments, and Jonas's account wasn’t looking good as well. Even the page of Soaring Group had been overtaken by posers.
	Holley asked the public to post composite images of Melinda and Kent, showing their intimacy. Together with the bashers, those netizens who had no inkling of the truth lambasted Melinda online.
	These days, cheating on one's partner was unacceptable to society. Because Jonas was known as the public’s prince charming with countless female followers, his fans felt sorry for him and blamed everything on Melinda.
	Things developed so fast that the Gu family had no time to react. Following this news, Yulia felt euphoric and sneered at Melinda coldly.
	All of these transpired in front of Nelson. At this point, he was unable to protect Melinda, but Melinda was calm about this matter. She just logged off from her Weibo account, as if nothing had happened.
	"Grandpa, I've warned you before that Melinda is not a good woman. Now you must believe me! She dated that Kent guy ages ago!"
	Yulia didn't pass off the chance. She even besmirched Melinda’s name in the presence of Nelson. Melinda perceived that someone was behind this. She wondered who was so impatient for them to launch a sudden attack.
	It couldn’t be Yulia, or she wouldn't have waited until things went ugly, and provoke her. She would have said something baffling up front.
	"Grandpa, I'm sorry for what happened. It's not the truth."
	Unwilling to disappoint Nelson, Melinda decided to explain. As for the photos, they must be edited using an image-editing program. That person got serious skills since it was hard to tell the difference. But if the experts would analyze the pictures, they could easily find out.
	Melinda recounted the whole story about Kent helping her, along with his parents. She included the fact that they pretended to be lovers in order to deceive Kent's parents.
	Upon hearing this, Yulia lost her temper and spoke a plethora of offensive remarks. But Nelson heaved a sigh of relief. He sensed that Melinda wasn't that type of person. For one thing, he feared that Jonas might hurt her. However, Kent was kind to Melinda.
	With this in mind, he believed it was reasonable why Melinda did it. Intellectually, she should act similar to this.
	"I trust you. You suffered a lot this time."
	Nelson was more satisfied with Melinda's character. He would never allow her to experience any grievances.
Chapter 35 Blackmailed
	Jonas flew into a rage when he saw the pictures. He threw his phone that hit the wall and smashed to the ground. William was trembling with fear. He hadn't seen Jonas lose his cool like this before.
	"Ask the PR department to deal with it. I don't want to see this happen on Weibo again."
	Jonas took deep breaths and tried to calm down. He had been telling himself that they were helping each other only for personal gains. Jonas knew that the pictures were fake and someone had photoshopped them.
	Although Jonas was aware of what had happened, he couldn't shake the images from his mind. He was feeling uncomfortable.
	Jonas didn't doubt the potential of the PR department of Soaring Group. They had taken advanced measures to salvage the situation. They published the news as soon as they got the orders from Jonas. The news became popular and there were many positive comments on Weibo.
	The paid posters faded in comparison with the news published by Soaring Group. Some people had hired netizens to slander Melinda and had morphed her pictures but Jonas had proved Melinda's innocence.
	The situation had taken a dramatic turn and Melinda became the victim. She had won the hearts of people.
	Yulia had been blatantly cursing Melinda in her WeChat moments. The truth had come to light now and it was like a tight slap on her face. She posted another piece of gossip on her WeChat moments.
	Yulia's phone chimed with a message. "Yulia, do you want to be an agent like me?"
	The message was from the friend she had slapped in the face the other day. Their meeting was quite unpleasant and Yulia was hesitant in the beginning.
	But her friend continued to lure her by stating the benefits of doing the job. She evasively stated that Yulia needed to invest a substantial amount of cash in the beginning. They were catering to the needs of a high-end market that required sizeable investments.
	"Are you sure it's profitable?"
	Yulia asked. Her heart was bubbling with excitement. She wouldn't have to depend on her grandfather for money if she could earn it on her own.
	"I made more than one hundred thousand dollar last month and I'm just a fresher. I'll make more money in the future,"
	Yulia's friend said. She also sent screenshots of her payment. Yulia tried resisting the urge but she felt that it was a great opportunity and didn't want to miss it.
	She decided to take a leap of faith and invested all her money in the agency. Days passed by, but she hadn't seen any products so far. Yulia finally understood that she was scammed when she lost all contact with her friend.
	Her friend had blocked her in WeChat. She seemed to abandon her. They had been hanging out with her only for the money. Yulia had lost all her money and her friends seemed to leave one after the other. They were not there for Yulia when she needed them.
	Yulia finally understood the harsh reality of life. She couldn't stand the betrayal. She didn't have anyone who genuinely cared for her.
	Besides, she was going through a tough phase in the Gu family and had no one to talk to. She was all alone and the loneliness was driving her insane.
	The nights were quiet and gloomy after ten o'clock but there was one street that was brimming with a raucous crowd.
	Yulia was looking ostentatious in her flashy dress and heavy makeup. She completed her look with a silver bag that was dazzling under the night lights.
	Yulia was beautiful and some men whistled in appreciation.
	In a bar, she was sitting all by herself in her VIP seat and spoke with everyone who came to hit on her, even though she was depressed.
	The blaring music was deafening but Yulia was enjoying every moment of the hilarity. She felt as if she had escaped into a new world that was devoid of troubles and worries.
	The party became boisterous at eleven at night. Yulia was almost drunk.
	"Do you want to have fun, sweetie?" the man who had been accompanying Yulia asked, sweeping his tongue across his lips.
	Yulia squinted at him. Her vision was gloomy. She wrapped her arms across his neck and her face broke into a lopsided grin. "Let's go," she slurred.
	It was dark and no one seemed to care about what the others were doing. The people in the bar were also like Yulia, who sought solace in the darkness. They drowned their sorrows in their drink and indulged in debauchery. Yulia soon became addicted to this lifestyle. She didn't feel lonely anymore.
	She would go to the bar every night and get completely drunk. She had been seeing the man for the last few days and seemed to get along with him.
	When Yulia walked in the bar again, the man waved at her. She smiled and walked to him. She placed her bag on the table and downed a glass of wine.
	"You are early today," she said.
	"I've been waiting for you," the man flirted.
	Although the man wasn't handsome, his seductive eyes seemed to trap her. Yulia's heart was drumming in her chest.
	"Isn't it boring to drink wine with green tea every day? Do you want to try something stronger?" the man asked, arching an eyebrow.
	Yulia was aware of the tricky games. She bit her lip and looked at him skeptically.
	"Come on guys."
	The man raised his hand and motioned the people in the next table to join them. He added a little green tea to the wine and gave it to Yulia. The smell of alcohol made Yulia sick but she drank it anyway.
	She felt as if her throat was on fire.
	These people were regular customers in the bar and were heavy drinkers. Yulia was no match for them. She passed out as soon as she rolled the dice.
	"What a wimpy drinker! How dare you play with people like us?"
	someone roared with a mouthful of wine. The voice seemed distant as Yulia's head was spinning. She lost control over her body and landed heavily on the sofa.
	"You are lucky, buddy."
	The other man clinked glasses with Yulia's acquaintance and winked at him.
	The man carried Yulia in his arms. It was before midnight when Yulia sobered up. She saw that the man's lips were inches apart from hers.
	"I will take care of you, honey,"
	Yulia was bewitched by the tranquil eyes of the man.
	The lonely night, her fussy brain, and the alcohol in her system were driving her crazy. Her body was screaming for sex.
	When Yulia opened her eyes, a piercing pain shot through her head. The room was a complete mess.
	She staggered out of the hotel awkwardly. Her body was sore and she slept as soon as she reached home. The loud beep of the phone woke her up.
	Yulia's head was still throbbing and she squinted at the phone. A smile tugged at the corners of her lips when she saw that the man had sent her a message. But her smile was soon replaced by horror when she opened the message.
	Her heart leaped to her throat and she quickly dialed his number. "What the hell was that?" she croaked. Her lips quivered as tears streaked down her cheeks.
	"I know that the Gu family is wealthy. I'm sure you have enough money to clean this mess. So if you want the photos back, I want you to transfer one million dollars to my account."
	The man had been hanging out with Yulia only to demand a ransom from her. She was left with no choice but to pay him if she wanted to keep her dignity intact.
	One million was not a big amount for the Gu family but Yulia couldn't afford it. Moreover, she had lost all her money in the scam and was utterly broke.
	"You are blackmailing me."
	Fresh tears streamed out of her eyes. She regretted drinking and was disgusted with herself. The pictures had the potential to cause irreparable damage to her reputation. She wanted to throw the phone and run away but she couldn't. She had to deal with the man. Otherwise, her pictures would be all over the internet.
	"Don't even think of calling the police. I'll make sure to post the pictures before they catch me," the man said nonchalantly.
	He was aware that rich people would protect their name and reputation at all costs. Therefore, he knew that Yulia wouldn't approach the police. Money had the power to solve problems and he was sure that Yulia would give him what he needed.
	"You fucking bastard!"
	Yulia became furious. She didn't have the money but she needed to stop him right away. Her mind was whirling with all the possibilities.
	She sat on the bed and stared at the ceiling for a long time. She had only one choice. Yulia stood up and quickly wore a high-collared dress and applied a subtle coat of makeup.
	She blew out a loud breath and went downstairs. Yulia was looking pale and haggard, and Melinda was surprised to see her like this.
	"Grandpa, I need some money," Yulia asked hesitantly.
	She was embarrassed for the first time to ask for money from Nelson.
	Nelson hated people who squandered money and he knew that Yulia was a spendthrift. But he was aware of the problems that Yulia had to face because of her birth. She was his son's illegitimate daughter and everyone insulted her. He always had a soft corner for Yulia and would give money every time she asked.
	"Didn't you ask for money a couple of days ago? You eat and stay at home all day. Why do you need so much money?"
	Nelson asked coldly.
	"Grandpa, I was cheated. They've absconded after swindling my investment. I need one million dollars. This is the last time and I won't ask for more."
	Yulia closed her eyes and sighed. She didn't want to tell the truth. Nelson's eyes widened with shock. He couldn't believe that she had wasted so much money because of her stupidity.
	"Why do you need so much money? Are you planning to waste this money on yet another scam?" Nelson asked, glaring at Yulia.
	Melinda felt that something was wrong. She looked at Yulia's pale, lifeless face. Although Yulia spent money lavishly, she had never demanded a huge amount before.
	"Grandpa, just tell yes or no. Are you ready to give the money or not?" Yulia asked impatiently. She was anxious about the photos and didn't have the time to argue with him.
	"No, I can't. If you want money, you need to work hard and earn it. Only then will you understand its value."
	Yulia's eyes welled with tears. She bit her lip and turned away.
	Since Nelson had refused to give the money, Yulia had no choice but to get help from Jonas. She wasn't sure if he would help her out. After all, a million dollars was a lot of money. But she had to somehow arrange the money to prevent the man from posting the pictures online. Otherwise, her life would be ruined forever.
Chapter 36 Depression
	Nelson watched Yulia leave with his mouth open. He wondered what had happened to her. But Melinda could sense that something was wrong. Yulia had enough money to fulfill her needs. She felt that Yulia was dealing with a problem. Otherwise, there was no need for her to ask for one million dollars from her grandfather.
	"Gavin, inform Jonas about this," Nelson said.
	He knew that Yulia would ask Jonas for money since he had refused to help her out. Gavin was aware of Yulia staying out all night. She would sneak late at night and sometimes wouldn't return home until the next morning. He knitted his brows and wondered if she had gotten into trouble.
	Yulia's head was spinning as the pain increased with every step she kept forward. Her head was throbbing because of stress as well as the hangover and she couldn't drive the car. Melinda saw her swaying unsteadily and understood that it was the effect of overconsumption of alcohol.
	Yulia stopped a servant who was about to go shopping. She asked him to drop her at a place where she could get a taxi. The servant had been humiliated by Yulia before and he was confused by her unusual calmness.
	Yulia felt emotionally numb. She walked into Soaring Group like a ghost. As she was asked to fix an appointment first, she listened to the receptionist and waited patiently without protesting.
	Gavin had informed Jonas about Yulia's possible visit. Therefore, Jonas instructed William to bring her to his office.
	"Jonas, I want to borrow one million dollars," Yulia asked, biting her lip.
	Jonas saw that her eyes were bloodshot and puffy as if she had been crying all night. He had never seen her like this before. Jonas was Yulia's only hope and she thought that he would help her out. He was a businessman and it was easy for him to arrange the money.
	"Yulia, why do you need so much money?"
	Jonas pursed his lips and looked intently. He usually never wasted his time over silly issues as time was precious to him. He could convert one million to ten million in the blink of an eye. But Yulia seemed disturbed and Jonas could sense the depth of the problem, so he decided to listen to her.
	He had worked hard to earn money and wanted to make sure that Yulia wasn't wasting it.
	"Jonas, I'm in desperate need of money. Please help me out. I don't have answers to your questions."
	Yulia didn't have the courage, to tell the truth. People had been abusing her all her life for being the illegitimate daughter. She couldn't imagine her plight if they found out the truth. Her life would become hell, perhaps, worse than Melinda's.
	"Okay." Jonas nodded.
	He understood that Yulia was hurting inside and didn't want to talk about it anymore. Yulia was moved by his response. She felt that a tiny part of him still cared about her.
	Jonas signed a check and gave it to her. Yulia smiled gratefully and left. William walked into the office and saw Jonas peering out of the window. His posture was tense.
	"William, ask someone to keep an eye on her. I want to know about what she's going to do with the money."
	He was aware that a scammer had swindled Yulia out of her investment. He thought that she would learn from her mistakes but didn't expect her to borrow money from him.
	He felt that someone was after her. Jonas wouldn't spare anyone who targeted his family.
	After Yulia walked out of the Soaring Group, she called the man. They had planned to meet in a public place. Yulia was terrified of him and thought that it would be safe to meet him in a crowded place.
	"Wow! I didn't think you'd be able to arrange one million dollars in a short time,"
	The man said, raking his eyes across Yulia's body. She was a sex goddess in bed and the man enjoyed sleeping with her. He had an erection by just watching the video.
	"I've brought the money. Where are the photos?"
	Yulia asked as she clenched her fists. The mere sight of the man made her sick. He had ruined her life and she vowed to destroy him.
	"You're adorable, sweetie," the man said, sweeping his tongue across his lips.
	Yulia resisted the urge to punch him in the face. She felt disgusted with herself for sleeping with him.
	"The pictures are here. Where is the money?" he asked hungrily. His friends had warned him that he wouldn't get a single penny out of her as she meant nothing to the Gu family. But he had managed to get a million dollars from her, that too in a very short time.
	"Here."
	Yulia took the check from the bag and shoved it against his face. The man looked at the check and smirked at Yulia. He could make women fall for him with the money.
	Yulia went to a remote place and saw the photos and videos as tears filled her eyes. She felt humiliated and dirty. She quickly deleted everything and smashed the USB flash disk to pieces.
	William had sent his man to follow Yulia. The man informed Jonas and William about how the man had been blackmailing Yulia.
	Jonas's jaw tightened. "Hand him over to the police," he said coldly.
	Jonas knew that the man wouldn't stop. He would continue to torture Yulia and demand money. Therefore, he decided to put an end to it. William shivered at the intensity of his tone and nodded.
	The man was in the bank, excited to withdraw the money. The security guard captured him and handed him over to the police.
	Yulia was oblivious to this. The evidence was irrefutable and the man was sure to face severe punishment.
	Although the secret was buried within the walls of the Gu family, people who despised Yulia continued to pass snide remarks and gossiped about her. She had been insulted all her life for being the illegitimate daughter. Now, people were using the information to demean her.
	"Aren't you ashamed of yourself for fooling around with the man? The video would have caused colossal damage to our reputation. You and your mother have only brought disgrace to our family," Nelson bellowed.
	Nelson had devoted his entire life to the Gu family. He couldn't forgive Yulia for risking the stature of his family.
	Yulia had walked home in a daze. She couldn't shake off the images that were stuck in her head. Nelson's every word was like a tight slap on her face. She felt naked and wanted to hide from the inquiring eyes of the people.
	Yulia glanced at Melinda who stared at her with an expressionless face. Unable to stand the intensity of her gaze, Yulia turned away. Melinda didn't know how to console her. She knew that her words wouldn't mean anything to Yulia.
	Yulia was threatened and Melinda knew that she was scarred for life. She only needed love and care but no one could understand that.
	Jonas had dealt the matter recklessly and Melinda felt that he should have been more sensitive and handled it with care.
	"You are a disgrace to our family. Is this what we taught you?"
	Yulia remained still. Her mind couldn't process anything. She finally left without saying a word. Melinda comforted Nelson and went back to her room.
	When Jonas returned home in the evening, Melinda couldn't help but tell him that he had made a mistake. But Jonas felt that he had done the right thing.
	Jonas was a man and he couldn't understand Yulia's feelings but Melinda could empathize with her even though she had not encountered sexual assault before. She was only humiliated and trampled by Jonas in the past. Melinda was disappointed by his insensitivity.
	The conversation with Melinda seemed to confuse Jonas. He began to question his decision. He wondered if he had done something wrong.
	Nelson was heartbroken after what had happened to Yulia. He was not in the mood to go for a trip and Melinda wasn't bothered by it. She would often go to the main villa to spend time with him.
	Yulia had become a recluse. She was unusually quiet and hardly stepped out of her room. She would sometimes lose her mind and get frustrated. Melinda once saw Yulia harming herself.
	Yulia had insulted the servants in the past and none of them seemed to care about her. They ignored her and sometimes complained when Yulia broke things and created a ruckus.
	Nelson couldn't stand the sight of Yulia and was glad that she stayed in her room. But Melinda felt that something was wrong. After a lot of thinking, Melinda finally went to Yulia's room.
	Yulia was sitting on the floor and didn't notice Melinda. There was a puppet in her hand and she was staring at it for a long time. Yulia let out a piercing scream, clenched her hair, and began to punch the puppet. She was acting like a maniac.
	Melinda was stunned. Although Yulia had tortured her, she couldn't see her like this. Understanding crossed Melinda's face and she quietly left the room. Gavin saw her come out of Yulia's room and knitted his brows in confusion.
	"Gavin, can you fix an appointment with the family doctor. I want to see him," Melinda said.
	"Mrs. Gu, are you okay?"
	Gavin asked concernedly. Melinda's life had become better without Yulia's taunts and Gavin wondered why she wanted to see the doctor. She looked normal to him.
	"I'm fine. I need to discuss something with him,"
	Although Melinda was not a professional, she could see that Yulia was showing symptoms of depression. She wanted to talk to the doctor and see if she was doing okay.
	Gavin nodded and arranged the meeting.
	Melinda explained about Yulia's condition. The doctor pursed his lips and finally said, "I think she's suffering from clinical depression. Do you mind if I take a look at her?"
	All the symptoms were signs of depression but the doctor needed to see Yulia in person to diagnose her condition. Melinda instructed Gavin to take the doctor to Yulia's room. When the doctor returned, he confirmed that Yulia was indeed suffering from clinical depression and her condition was quite serious.
	Gavin was shocked by the result and quickly informed Nelson. Nelson didn't think that Yulia had become quiet because of her mental illness. He felt guilty for ignoring her. He knew that people suffering from mental illness would harm themselves and might go the extent of taking their lives.
	"Gavin, appoint someone to take good care of her and ask the servants to keep their mouths shut. I don't want anyone to talk about this issue again," Nelson ordered.
	He was aware of the servants gossiping about Yulia and he didn't want anyone to hurt her. Nelson's love and adoration for Melinda grew multifold. Although Yulia had tortured Melinda for years, she was the one to notice the change in Yulia's behavior. She was worried about her and wanted to help her out.
Chapter 37 Recovery
	"Mr. Gu, the patient’s cooperation could aid in the treatment for depression." The family doctor was around 50 years old. The Gu family hired him since he was a student. For many years, he had been in charge of Nelson’s health condition.
	An apprentice, in his early twenties, with a youthful face and brilliant mind followed him around. Word had it that he was a gifted physician and was now mainly responsible for Jonas’s well-being.
	This time, both of them were present.
	"I didn’t expect her to be like this. Sorry for the trouble," said Nelson.
	The doctor arrived to examine Nelson’s status every month. After so many years, their personal relationship matured into genuine friendship. Nelson sighed at the thought of Yulia.
	"Let’s look at your body."
	The doctor had learned from Gavin regarding Nelson’s situation and recommended a physical examination. The most important thing for the old man was his mood. Some time ago, the affair of Jonas and Melinda annoyed Nelson, and now he became more agitated with Yulia’s issue, which was in significant contrast to Nelson’s present condition.
	But deep in her heart, Yulia knew better than everyone else concerning her own condition. Knowing that the specialist was coming to the mansion, she acted restless and refused to cooperate. She shoved the servant that her grandfather sent out of her room.
	The doctor proposed that she should see a psychiatrist and work together with the drug treatment, which may focus on medication.
	Yulia isolated herself in her room and she stayed there secluded for another day. The psychiatrist tried to interact with her, but got kicked out.
	"She’s in morbid self-protection. It’ll just make matters worse."
	"I’ll give it a shot."
	Melinda got up and went upstairs. The servant who took care of Yulia was holding a silver tray and stood at the door looking helpless. She looked at Melinda as if she saw a rescuer.
	"Give me her lunch, and you wait out here."
	The servant immediately handed Melinda the tray. Yulia had locked the bedroom door, and even if they had the key, it couldn’t open. She had installed another padlock from the inside.
	This meant that Yulia was still sober. Melinda raised her eyebrows and knocked on the door three times in a row, making sure the person inside could hear.
	"Yulia, you are such a wimp."
	A mocking smile twisted on the corner of Melinda’s mouth, and her tone was sarcastic. The servant next to her widened her eyes in surprise. She sensed that Mrs. Gu did not come to save a life, but to destroy one.
	Inside, Yulia sat on the priceless Moroccan carpet not distant from the doorway. She had a strange expression on her calm face when she heard the voice of Melinda.
	"Yulia, I despise you. You have insulted me for five years, and I’ve become better than I was before. But you’ve grown into a coward. I’m so ashamed to have you as my enemy."
	These words were partially true, and she knew well how to get on Yulia’s nerves. Maybe a depressed person couldn’t bear such vexation, but Yulia needed to hear it.
	"Do you know why I came back after all this time? Because I wanted my revenge. But now it seems that you’re not worthy of it at all."
	Every word that Melinda spoke alarmed the servant. She had bullied her before, and now Mrs. Gu was in a different position in the family.
	Maybe one day, she would get that revenge on her.
	The more Yulia thought, the more desperate she became. She tried to cover her ears with her hands so she could block out those hurtful words. However, the echo of Melinda’s voice rang in her ears like a magic spell. She screamed and opened the door with her red, puffy eyes.
	Yulia was just like a psycho. Her hair was in a terrible mess. She looked awful, not as graceful as before.
	Compared with Melinda, she looked even more awkward.
	Melinda saw the door open, but she said nothing and directly walked inside carrying the food. Behind her, Yulia followed. Her mouth moved slowly, as if cursing on something, but no words came out. She clenched her fists tightly, but she dared not do anything.
	"Yulia, you hate me, right?"
	Melinda cocked one eyebrow and became curious. She was the victim of oppression for the last five years. But in comparison, Yulia loathed her.
	The bitterness in Yulia’s eyes was not fake.
	"Melinda, you know nothing. You just enjoy grandfather’s protection. What makes you think you deserve that? You are just an ordinary girl from a typical family. I am a member of the Gu family. Why should you be better than me in all places?"
	Yulia glared at Melinda violently, and she thought it was her that changed everything. She became more inferior to everyone. Although she was an illegitimate daughter, no one dared to say anything about it.
	"Everyone looked down on me just because of my humble mother. Why?!"
	Melinda had heard just a little regarding Yulia’s background. That was the taboo of rich families. But she did not expect it to be all true.
	"I have been working hard to win grandfather’s approval, but he pays full attention to you. You took everything away from me. I hate you, I hate you so much, and I want you to die."
	Although Yulia stayed in the main villa, she had a very keen understanding of inferiority. She feared others would look down on her, so the moment Melinda showed up, she felt that Melinda was a righteous person, so she did a lot of distasteful things.
	She didn’t expect that Nelson would care so much for Melinda. Yulia even shuddered when she recalled Melinda’s ruthless reappearance recently.
	Melinda intimidated her and she ridiculed her simultaneously. She broke down in all aspects because Nelson had viewed her with hatred.
	Melinda looked at Yulia with a complex look in her eyes. It was said that bitter people were always miserable. Yulia was an example.
	"Yulia, the person you fear and hate is getting stronger, but you are becoming worse."
	Melinda placed the tray down, turned around and left.
	A person could not choose their own birth, nor who their parents would be, but they could decide their own fate and determine what kind of life they would live.
	Since Melinda knew that she was the primary reason Yulia became ill, she tried her best to avoid contact with Yulia in the following days.
	Melinda wasn’t sure if what she said that day worked, but Yulia was willing to receive treatment.
	In fact, after that incident, Melinda had talked to Nelson and asked him about the Gu family's background for the first time. He knew about Yulia’s early childhood and history.
	"Grandpa, in reality, the younger generation have nothing to do with the animosity between the elders. You should know that since the living environment is full of tension, Yulia is always cautious. She wants to gain your attention, to feel a sense of security and belongingness in this family."
	It was the first instance someone opened up this predicament to Nelson. Since this person was Melinda, Nelson was solemn.
	"Grandpa, if you could request everyone at home to treat Yulia with respect, then her illness won’t worsen. The photo issue was just a fuse."
	Melinda felt like an outsider, so she was blunt about this matter. She understood that Yulia, as the granddaughter of Nelson, would get scold because Nelson wanted her to shape up.
	If it was someone else in their family, Nelson might not even bother to comment.
	"Melinda, don’t you dislike her?"
	Nelson asked suddenly. It stunned him that Melinda was helping Yulia at this period even though she got tormented by her too many times.
	"Yes, I hate her, Grandpa. But I don’t like my rival to be weak."
	Melinda had always been timid in front of Nelson. This time, her wisdom, open mind and confidence made Nelson happy.
	That was the granddaughter-in-law he admired right from the start.
	The conversation between Melinda and Nelson paid off. The Gu family members showed consideration for Yulia on the surface. They even arranged for their peers to indulge and accompany her.
	The sudden change surprised and thrilled Yulia. With the ongoing treatment, she recovered soon, but she still kept a vigilant eye on Melinda.
	If they both went to the same place, Yulia would distance herself far away from Melinda, which made it a little frustrating for Melinda to talk to her.
	"She’s rejecting you?"
	"Yes, I’m worried that the recovery is just a deception," Melinda said to the doctor.
	Melinda admitted she was also one cause Yulia became ill. She felt the reason Yulia always rejected her could be fear, resistance or other factors. But in general, it was not a favorable circumstance for her.
	After the psychiatrist learned of this, he developed a plan in his mind. But Melinda did not push Yulia too hard. Melinda had carried out what she needed to do with a clear conscience.
	During this period, Melinda paid more attention to Yulia’s rehabilitation. Now that her condition had stabilized, Melinda rarely stepped into the main villa. If it was unnecessary, she remained in her own villa.
	She had been living in the mansion again for a while now. At the beginning, she could hardly fall asleep. Now she felt relaxed in her place, as though she lived in her own private domain. This was under the premise of the absence of Jonas.
	They got along together in a way that was very different, and they didn’t argue as much as before. They used to have a deep familiarity of one another, but now they acted like total strangers.
	Jonas grew very upset about this, but he never showed. He didn’t give a damn on issues in his family. He was too busy to even handle the company’s affairs. So he just let Melinda deal with the family drama. It was, after all, the obligation of the matron of the Gu family.
	Melinda walked over to the balcony with a laptop. She closed her eyes, emptied her thoughts and tried to drag herself into the plot of the story. She finished writing a climax today, but she felt like in a sour mood.
	After trying to write a few scenes, Melinda felt dissatisfied and deleted everything. Her hands rested on the keyboard and lightly tapped the keys, re-typing the story. Still not pleased, she dropped her fingers and sighed.
	When writing the highlight of the story, she couldn’t quite keep still. In addition, the recent events had left her distracted. She could not forget what had happened in the past which took place regularly.
	Melinda had turned to Kent for help back in the past, but now she didn’t have a suitable identity. Going on a trip to unwind wasn’t the right time. It was easy to make people gossip about her. She thought Yulia might have influenced her, and she became upset.
Chapter 38 Threat
	After locking herself in the villa for a day, Melinda started feeling antsy and probably needed a change of scenery. She felt as if everything was closing in on her and her thoughts were being suppressed by something that she had no control over.
	As soon as Jonas got home from work, the scene that greeted him through the window, was Melinda pacing nervously in the living room, holding an animated conversation with herself as if she was trying to give herself a pep talk or chastising herself. She looked beautiful wearing a simple long white shirt and a pair of white slippers, a tight frown permanently plastered on her face.
	Her hair stuck to both sides of her temples, probably from the light sweat she had worked up, due to her nervous pacing. Her fingers looked delicate and beautiful, wrapped around a pen that she would occasionally nibble whenever she was in deep thought. The scene was quite alluring for Jonas as he tried to gulp in air feeling as if his lungs were being pressed by a metal band.
	'Damn it! How can this girl look so tempting today?'
	Completely ignorant of the salacious looks and thoughts that Jonas had been throwing her way, Melinda briskly turned around and bumped into a wall of flesh. She rubbed her head, and then looked up in confusion. Her eyes immediately met Jonas's deep set glacial blue eyes that were dancing with mischief and unrestrained heat, clearly reflecting his naughty thoughts.
	"It's you... What are you doing here?"
	Clenching the pen in her hand like a shield, Melinda looked at Jonas cautiously. They had been married for five years and she was familiar with the way he always looked at her with disgust. But the look in his eyes was different this time. She couldn't pin what had changed, and all she knew was that he was making her feel weird.
	"All of a sudden, I want to bury myself deep inside you."
	Jonas grinned crudely, in a playful yet serious manner. Once Melinda heard his words, she uncontrollably checked out the offensive body part that was being referred to.
	She swallowed nervously, and quickly jumped back like a frightened rabbit, and made a sharp turn, as she instantly changed their topic of discussion. "Grandpa asked us to have dinner with him tonight. I have to change my clothes first."
	Melinda then disappeared in a flash. Hearing her words, Jonas burst into hearty laughter in a deep and cheerful voice. His attitude also baffled him, since he was having too much fun at Melinda's expense.
	Melinda wore a silk dress which hugged her body like a glove, peppering soft sensual kisses on her body with every step she made. Her hair was braided in classy little buns and then delicately piled in an intricate up do. She looked very different and slightly maturer than before. Jonas was still looking dapper in a suit although he hadn't put much effort. They went to the main villa together walking side by side giving the impression that they were a couple intimately in love. Nelson was patiently waiting for them.
	When they walked in they saw Yulia also sitting at the table. Her mood instantly changed as soon as she saw Melinda. Melinda pursed her lips as if trying to control her emotions and silently sat at the farthest position from Yulia.
	As Jonas looked at Melinda's careful movements, moving around silently like a caged animal, the cold and hard corners of his mouth softened.
	The meal was a little dull and tense with everyone absorbed in their own thoughts, although Melinda tried to make sure that everyone was getting along harmoniously. She even went as far as possible to take care of Yulia, cordially passing anything that she needed, and putting bits of food in her plate whenever her plate was empty although their relationship was a little awkward.
	At the table, Nelson scolded Jonas as usual, complaining that he was busy working too much. He had even forgotten how to take care of a woman and wasn't giving Melinda the necessary care that she needed.
	Early the next morning, when Melinda sleepily walked into the living room, she was shocked to see someone sitting in the living room. She rubbed her eyes, thinking that maybe she was still dreaming, but when she opened her eyes again, he was still there. "Didn't you go to work?"
	"I'll be staying home with you today."
	Jonas had thought of how pretty and tempting Melinda looked the day before in the living room, and felt that what Nelson said made sense. He needed to pay more attention to her, so he decided to take a holiday to keep Melinda company for the day.
	"I don't need your company, I am perfectly fine on my own."
	Melinda was not trying to act out or play coy, she was actually telling the truth. Now that she had been spending so much time alone, she had grown accustomed to her own company. If Jonas insisted on sticking around, she would be very uncomfortable.
	Jonas was not amused by her words, his face turned red with suppressed rage. He had taken time off his busy schedule and spent more time with Melinda, but she didn't even think twice about rejecting his generous offer.
	"I will be staying home today," said Jonas in anger while also sulking.
	He sat on the sofa like a king, with his legs crossed elegantly. He had a powerful aura around him, and although the villa was humongous, Melinda felt her space suddenly shrink and she was getting suffocated by his mere presence. She felt a sense of depression at the thought of spending a whole day with him.
	"Okay, suit yourself,"
	Melinda said in a very cold voice. Silently contemplating Jonas's presence and how she was going to survive this day, she left in a huff and went back to her room with a pot of tea in her hand. She hadn't left her room the whole morning and at this rate it seemed like she was going to spend her whole day in her room.
	This kind of behavior made Jonas very unhappy. He had assumed that if he stayed home, Melinda would be very moved and spend the day with him. She would please him the whole morning, but unfortunately, his expectations were thwarted and he was made to feel like a pile of useless discarded paper.
	Melinda showed up in the kitchen right on time for lunch. She rummaged through the drawers and picked a lot of snacks for herself and then she strutted back to her bedroom, turning a blind eye to the seething man, Jonas, who was on the sofa.
	Being ignored the whole morning was very upsetting for Jonas and he was reaching his limit. He couldn't bear it anymore. He threw daggers at the receding figure giving her a lethal stare. If eyes could kill, Melinda would have been turned to ashes. The culprit and source of his anger was so oblivious and continued walking to her room.
	No one had ever dared to act with such disrespect towards him. Jonas's pride could not allow him to confront Melinda about her bad behavior and let her know that he had been offended. Instead he opted to walk away, slamming the door in his wake.
	The banging of the doors of the sports car and the screeching sound it made as rubber met gravel, made Melinda frown at the disturbance. She peeped through the window and all she saw was the trunk of the car that was speeding off in a cloud of dust. "What's wrong with him?" muttered Melinda.
	As soon as Jonas strode into one of the private rooms in the club alone, a row of wine and all sorts of hard liquor were placed on the table. The dry-ice smoke and dark neon lights made the room look more intriguing. Jonas looked especially handsome under such filtered light.
	Emily who happened to be entertaining several investors in the club, quickly made up an excuse and left the room as soon as she heard that Jonas was around. She quickly touched up her make-up and shimmied into a nice figure hugging dress, before skillfully strutting into the private room where Jonas often stayed.
	There were a lot of empty bottles on the table, a sign that he should have been very drunk, but Jonas's eyes were clearer and sharper. He had a high alcohol tolerance and could drink a lot, sometimes even mixing different types of drinks without much effect. Seeing that an intruder had stepped into the room and recognized the person as Emily, he threw a well-aimed glass at her.
	"Jonas, are you okay? Why are you in such a bad mood?"
	Emily asked cautiously, ignoring the flying glass that had nearly taken out her eye. She thought that she knew Jonas well, so she made herself comfortable and poured herself a glass of wine and sternly informed him, "I'll drink with you."
	Jonas just took a cursory glance at Emily, and then continued to sip his drink slowly. It had been long since they had seen each other. To his surprise, he hadn't even missed her or noticed her absence from his life. Even now as he was sitting with her, his mind was on another person.
	This revelation to the change in his feelings made Jonas frown in dissatisfaction.
	"Emily, how can women's feelings be so fake?"
	Jonas carelessly thrown words strongly offended Emily and her gentle face soon changed to a crimson color, clearly indicating her displeasure.
	Emily thought that Jonas was talking about her. It never crossed her mind that he could be talking about Melinda. The genuine curiosity in his eyes gave her a bad feeling.
	It's said that when one starts to pay more attention to an individual, then they actually like them a lot. Following her female intuition, Emily had realized that Jonas always paid a lot of attention on Melinda and was always trying to take care of her, which was not normal for someone he claimed not to love. Emily once again felt threatened by Melinda.
	The first time she had noticed this abnormal threat was when Nelson had protected Melinda; and the second time, was when Jonas always talked about her.
	"Jonas, you're so wonderful. I need to work harder so that I can gain your trust and gain enough courage to stand beside you. Please forgive me for leaving you once before, okay?" said Emily, with a bitter smile on her face.
	Emily took a mouthful of wine expecting Jonas to respond to her plea. However, Jonas didn't say anything but simply looked at Emily under hooded eyes.
	Jonas didn't seem to care much about what had happened between him and Emily. With a frown, he wondered in confusion why his feelings were not acting the way they should. Both of them were drinking, but each was engrossed in their own thoughts.
	When Jonas returned home, it was already midnight. Melinda was woken up by the loud creaking sound of door opening. When she saw it was him, she turned over and went back to sleep. Looking how unconcerned Melinda was behaving, Jonas clenched his teeth in anger.
	The next day, Jonas received a message from Emily, asking him to have lunch with her. He glanced at Melinda who was absorbed in eating breakfast and agreed to join her for the lunch.
	When Jonas arrived at the company, he asked William to free up his lunch time so that he didn't have any clashing schedules. When Emily went to Soaring Group to look for him, news spread quickly within the company before they even left. The place was rife with rumors that they were seeing each other once again.
	"What do you feel like eating today?"
	As soon as Emily walked in, Jonas immediately winded up his work and put on his suit coat that was hanging on the coat hanger beside him. Emily had put a lot of effort and carefully chose her outfit. She wore a small backless, A-line pink dress that reached right above her knees, showing off her beautiful legs. She complimented the dress with a pair of sexy, sophisticated, high-end silver three inch heels. The edges of her short, chestnut curly hair tickled the tips of her ears as they threatened to break free from the loose bun that was holding them together, professionally done to give the impression that it had just been put together harp haphazardly.
	"Do you like French cuisine? I recently found a nice place, we should go there and try it out," said Emily. Jonas didn't say anything, he simply followed her lead.
	William looked at the two people depart from the office with a sense of foreboding. He knew that it wouldn't take more than three minutes before he received the proverbial call from the Gu's mansion. Nelson had eyes and ears all over the company that gave him every single detail of what happened in the company, especially concerning his grandson.
	For the next few days, Emily came up with all kinds of excuses to ask Jonas out and shockingly, he did not refuse. He went along with her schemes. She booked a romantic dinner for the first night, prepared a full film screening for the second night and went jewelry shopping accompanied by Jonas for the third date. The paparazzi and gossip media were on fire with every minute detail of their dates.
	Jonas's schedule was quite busy; he was either slaving away at the company or spending more and more time with Emily, and rarely went back home most of the time. Therefore, he seldom saw or talked with Melinda. Emily was finally getting more comfortable and bold considering that he wasn't mentioning Melinda so much anymore.
	The phone in the Gu's mansion was instantly connected to William, which was right on time like clockwork. William was cornered and his fancy excuses no longer worked.
	"This stupid boy claims to be too busy to come home and yet he has enough time to hang out with those nonsensical people."
	Nelson was livid with rage and spewing every despicable name he could think of with reference to his grandson as he leaned on his crutches for support. He had reduced Jonas's workload so that Jonas could spend more time with Melinda and build their relationship, yet the boy was busy gallivanting around town with another girl on his arm.
	Jonas had been spending a lot of time with Emily, which annoyed Nelson to no end.
	The next day, Emily called to make an appointment with Jonas as usual, but William answered the phone. William gently informed her that Mr. Gu was very busy at that moment and didn't want to be disturbed by idlers.
	Jonas did not complain about the sudden heavy workload. He took it up in stride although he was sure that Nelson was behind the sudden increase in responsibilities.
	Melinda still lived her usual reclusive life like an old person. She lived in her own villa with a very predictable schedule which included, waking up, writing and reading. She didn't care about what was happening outside her little world although she had been hearing a few rumors and gossip here and there.
	If it was in the past, she would have been very hurt but now she really wasn't affected much. She touched her chest and it still felt a little heavy although now the pain was very minimal and much bearable than before.
	Melinda stared at the screen of the computer she was working on. The insert cursor on the computer screen kept acting up and flickering, and she couldn't type a word. In the end, she gave up and closed the computer silently.
	Jonas had been very busy of late, attending endless meetings and signing mountains of documents that needed his personal attention. William as his secretary had to keep him company and clock in a lot of overtime since he was just as busy. He secretly hated Emily arguing that if the woman hadn't pestered Jonas, demanding so much of his time, Nelson wouldn't have been so furious with his boss, and wouldn't have increased their workload, pulling William into their mess.
	By the time the light in the office was dimmed, it was already twelve o'clock in the night. Jonas exhausted, rubbed his eyebrows and forced a bitter smile.
Chapter 39 Travel
	Jonas should have been used to his grandfather defending Melinda.
	Thousands of family households had most of their lights switched off by then. When Jonas walked out of his office, he saw William dozing off with one hand resting on top of the desk. The sound of the heavy wooden door opening startled him and he almost fell to the floor.
	Placing both hands on the desk and barely supporting his weight on the chair, William couldn’t resist yawning. There were dark circles under his eyes, silently complaining about the immense amount of work that day.
	"Mr. Gu, are you off duty?"
	William asked in a drowsy voice. He felt that he could sleep standing up.
	"You can take a day off tomorrow."
	Jonas’s voice trailed away as he made his way out of the office. Rubbing his ears, William felt that he had misheard him. Then his smile grew bigger and wider like a fool.
	At long last, he could relax for one whole day.
	When Jonas returned home, he threw his suit jacket over the back of the sofa and slumped down. He was no ironman and he felt exhausted. He had been hectic these days that a gray stubble covered his cheeks and chin.
	It just so happened that Melinda went downstairs to get some water to drink. After adapting to the new surroundings, she seemed comfortable walking under the dim lights as she made her way to the kitchen. Despite the blurry vision, she could make out Jonas’s figure. Seeing him so tired made her frown unconsciously.
	She gripped the glass in her hand tightly and sighed. She poured another cup of water and flipped on the kitchen light.
	The painfully bright light made Jonas feel uncomfortable. He frowned and blocked the glare with his hands. Melinda handed him the water. She just stood there in silence.
	"Go back to your room and get some rest. You’ll catch a cold if you sleep on the sofa."
	While Melinda spoke, she could hear a grumbling sound from his stomach. She peered at Jonas and saw his reluctantly expressionless face.
	For a moment, she found Jonas very adorable.
	Ten minutes later, a bowl of steaming rib noodles appeared in front of Jonas. Melinda yawned and her eyelids grew heavy.
	"I’m going back to bed. Good night."
	She didn’t care whether Jonas ate the food and fumbled back to her bedroom. Showing some concern for him had become a habit, and this practice was undoubtedly scary.
	In the past, the late night snacks she prepared all ended up in the dumpster. She smiled with self-mockery and stopped thinking about it too much.
	Jonas tasted the broth. The flavor was bland but his hard heart softened a little.
	The next day, Melinda got up early to do Tai Chi with Nelson, which made him praise her a lot. Gavin was beside them, smiling.
	Recently, Melinda had lots of free time, and had also developed a habit of sleeping late. Nelson spoiled her with too many things and spoke nothing of it. Today’s abnormality compelled him to ask, "Sweetheart, do you have something to tell me?"
	Melinda smiled shyly, blushing a little. She indeed got up early on purpose today.
	"Grandpa, I know what happened between Jonas and Emily."
	Hearing this, Nelson's face darkened and his enthusiasm faded fast.
	"Don’t worry. I won’t let anybody hurt you repeatedly,"
	Nelson blurted. He misinterpreted what she meant and worried that she might take off feeling upset again. His support deeply touched Melinda.
	"Grandpa, please don’t get me wrong. That’s not the reason I came to you today,"
	Melinda said with a smile which seemed to have a magical effect to heal people. Nelson looked at her with uncertainty. She held his chair as he took a seat and then sat beside him.
	"Grandpa, you don’t have to increase his workload. If he truly cares for Emily, he could have brought her somewhere else entirely, even if he was flying in the air."
	Melinda’s brows furrowed slightly at the thought of Jonas’s weariness last night.
	"Don’t you feel upset?"
	Nelson didn’t expect that Melinda would plead for Jonas, making him feel awful. Why couldn’t his insensitive grandson see what a wonderful wife he had?
	"Grandpa, I don’t enjoy forcing someone to do something. Also, Jason has always been dominant, and it seems there’s nothing he cannot do. He thinks he’s a mirror image of superman, but he isn't,"
	Melinda added. If Jonas failed, Nelson would be the first one to feel pity for him. She didn’t want to see either side of this matter.
	However, when Nelson heard how Melinda described Jonas, the old man burst out laughing. All the time, Jonas appeared aggressive and powerful as if he knew everything. Everyone thought so, except Melinda.
	And this certainly convinced Nelson that Melinda was the ideal woman for Jonas.
	The appeal worked. The last few days, Jonas had been working like a dog. It was a great relief that his work volume lessened.
	It was only until Nelson spoke in a weird tone over the phone that Jonas realized what he meant. He requested him to thank Melinda. If it were not for her, Nelson wouldn’t have let him go easily.
	"You can unwind and take Melinda with you on a holiday. Jonas, sometimes you have to put your heart and soul into knowing her genuine character."
	With these words, Nelson arranged both of their schedules decisively. All of a sudden, the obligations Jonas were responsible for in the company were handed over to the other executives.
	When he arrived home, Melinda had already packed up her things for the trip and sat in the living room watching a movie.
	There was an empty luggage in his bedroom.
	If it was in the past, Melinda would have gathered his belongings together and put them in a suitcase. Jonas could not avoid comparing her with the old Melinda. He ended up packing the things himself.
	Hearing Melinda was leaving, Yulia was so overjoyed that she couldn’t help smiling after depression had tormented her.
	But she still looked miserable whenever Nelson was nearby.
	Yulia finally got what she always yearned for in the Gu family. And she feared that everything was nothing but an illusion, a lucid dream.
	She thought she would wake up fully healed, and everything would go back from the start.
	This feeling of insecurity had accompanied her since childhood.
	The psychologist came to give Yulia counseling once in a while. This time, he sensed that Yulia was in a cheerful mood. He wondered what incredible thing had happened to her during the last few days and asked Gavin about it.
	Gavin looked confused. Lately, Yulia behaved as usual and there was nothing special going on.
	"Where is Mrs. Gu?"
	the psychologist suddenly asked. He had a delightful impression of her, being a gentle and patient person.
	"Mr. Jonas took her on a vacation," Gavin said with a warm smile.
	Gavin’s words made the psychologist’s face a little tensed. Then he peered at Yulia and a theory flashed through his mind. Although it was absurd, he felt that was the case.
	He wondered whether the cause of Yulia’s illness was Melinda, which should not be the instance.
	Everyone could feel that Melinda took excellent care of Yulia in good faith, so it was beyond belief to the psychologist if she was the source of the disorder.
	Nelson showed not much concern unlike before when he learned that Yulia was doing better now. And since Jonas was away, he had to take care of the company’s business and financial dealings in person.
	Yulia became anxious after being ignored once again. Something was wrong with her one night.
	Nelson followed the servant to Yulia’s bedroom. The room was an absolute mess, with Yulia curled up in the corner and stared at everyone with caution, just like a crippled animal.
	With his sole granddaughter acting like this, Nelson had mixed feelings.
	"Yulia, come here."
	It was rare for Nelson to call her in such a gentle way. The gracious manner made her feel loved.
	Yulia inched closer slowly. Nelson felt sorry for her and consoled her for a long time until she drifted off.
	The psychologist speculated about the sudden severity of Yulia’s condition, but he assumed that something might have prompted her. So Nelson informed everyone in the Gu's mansion to obey Yulia’s orders and make sure that Gavin would provide all her needs.
	Jonas and Melinda were traveling to an island in the south, which was a very famous tourist attraction. Many people would visit the scenic spot in the warm weather, and there were some Gu family's businesses set up here.
	After the plane landed, Jonas and Melinda went to take their baggage together. The driver waited at the airport gate. The Gu family had a villa here, close to the seaside. At night, they could view the starry sky and observe the lively night scene in the distance.
	The beach gave off a cool vibe after dark.
	Both Melinda and Jonas remained aloof to each other. The driver took off after dropping them to the villa. Everything in the house was ready, but there was no servant around. Obviously, it was Nelson who arranged it on purpose.
	Upon arrival, Melinda didn’t unload her luggage and instead laid down on the bed to have a rest. She was not in good shape, so the flying made her feel exhausted.
	Emily, who stayed in A City and whom Jonas avoided for a long time, was unwilling to give up and came back to the company again. But the receptionist intercepted her and declared with a smile that the boss wasn’t in his office for now and was on vacation.
	Jonas was a typical workaholic, so Emily didn’t buy his sudden leave of absence. At last, after asking around, she got to find out that Jonas was traveling with Melinda.
	Emily clenched her teeth and wished she could fly there and grab all of Jonas’s attention in front of Melinda. But she had a show to attend in two days, so she could only send people to spy on them in secret.
	The night fell. There were many people camping on the beach side. In Melinda’s school days, she enjoyed backpacking and going on excursions the most. Looking at the festive crowd far away, she felt envious.
	"You like that?"
	The sudden voice made her heart skip a beat. Even though there was a hint of a smile in the corner of her mouth, the atmosphere was weird.
	"I’m hungry."
	She abruptly changed the topic, and Jonas could not snap back. He was also starving at the moment.
	After they helplessly discovered that there was no food in the villa, they walked outside together. Jonas wanted to drive to a restaurant for dinner, but Melinda insisted on joining the barbecue party down by the beach. Left without a choice, Jonas obliged.
	He couldn’t find a car here, anyway.
Chapter 40 Got Drunk
	Jonas rarely had barbecue dinners. He couldn't help grumbling in his heart when he saw Melinda gobble the food down. Yet, he started to enjoy it seconds later.
	It was the perfect night for Melinda. Everything about the night seemed beautiful. The cool breeze, salty air, and the delicious dinner made her happy. Melinda rubbed her bulging stomach that was stuffed with food and let out a burp. She smiled. The wind played with her hair as she walked back to the villa.
	The starry night added a mysterious charm to the beautiful villa. Melinda stayed at the balcony and stared at the sky.
	The breeze carried a chillness with it and Melinda braced herself.
	She felt awkward to go back to the bedroom but Jonas didn't bother about what she was thinking. He was exhausted and his eyes were begging him to go to sleep.
	So he quickly went to the bathroom, took a relaxing shower, and drifted off to a peaceful sleep as soon as he hit the bed.
	The next morning, Melinda's eyes fell on a sports car on the seaside track. There was no food in the fridge and Jonas took Melinda to the supermarket to buy groceries and daily essentials.
	Jonas was new to this and had no idea about managing household chores.
	Melinda preferred home food, so she loaded her cart with everything she would need to cook. Out of habit, she picked Jonas's favorite things as well.
	Although it meant nothing to Melinda, Jonas couldn't help but smile at her thoughtfulness. That one small gesture meant a lot to him.
	"Mr. Jonas, you know how to arrange the food items in the fridge, don't you?"
	Melinda asked as she held the two shopping bags, grinning sheepishly.
	Jonas pursed his lips and didn't argue. He had intended to maintain peace and harmony with Melinda and didn't want to fight with her over a trivial issue.
	Melinda understood Jonas and kept a safe distance from him. The person who Emily had arranged to break their relationship became worried as there was not much scope to create problems between them.
	There seemed to be no need to ruin their relationship as there was no chemistry between Melinda and Jonas.
	Although Jonas had no experience in dealing with the household chores, he reluctantly stuffed the things into the fridge. Once he finished arranging everything, Jonas went to look for Melinda. She was in the balcony, immersed in writing her novel.
	Jonas thought that writing was just a phase and that Melinda would get over it soon. He was surprised to see how much she loved writing. Jonas's eyes roamed across Melinda's face. He observed every movement of hers. The way she knitted her eyebrows when she concentrated on something or how she bit her ruddy lip when she examined her work. She looked sexy when she was focused on her work.
	Melinda felt that someone was watching her. She snapped her head and glanced at the door. Jonas was leaning against the doorframe, staring at her. Melinda arched an eyebrow with suspicion. She stood up and walked to the door.
	A smile tugged at the corners of Jonas's lips as he thought that she wanted to go for a walk with him. But Melinda closed the door on his face and asked him not to disturb her.
	Jonas was used to Melinda's coldness and wasn't hurt by her response. Since they were on a holiday, Jonas didn't want to stay indoors. He changed into a pair of shorts and a casual T-shirt and decided to take a stroll across the beach.
	The fresh smell of salt emanated from the pristine waters of the sea. The exotic blend of cool wind and the hot waves that brushed against his face and the way his feet sank into the soft sand made Jonas happy. He was having the time of his life.
	His ruffled hair and the way his T-shirt clung on to his chiseled body made Jonas look incredibly handsome. He was looking like a model in the magazine cover.
	Girls were swooning at the sight of him. Some of them even clicked pictures as they couldn't take their eyes off Jonas.
	There were a couple of women who tried to accost him but his cold eyes seemed to drive them away.
	But Emily's accomplice decided to make use of the opportunity. She sashayed towards Jonas with a seductive smile.
	"Hey, handsome. Are you alone? I can keep you company," she said, biting her bottom lip.
	The woman's feigned sweetness made Jonas scrunch his nose with distaste. He shook his head and walked away.
	The smile on the woman's face fell. Her face flushed with embarrassment as she saw people pointing at her and laughing.
	No one had rejected her before, and by the time she realized what had happened, Jonas was miles away from her.
	Although Jonas was maintaining a low profile, he couldn't escape from the vigilant eyes of the netizens. The news about Jonas's vacation spread like a wildfire and all his admirers had gathered to see him.
	Jonas was appalled by the sudden attention and instructed William to deal with the issue. He stayed at the villa the entire day, which finally brought him peace.
	Melinda was enjoying her stay. The vacation had inspired her to write more. She stayed at home and immersed herself in writing during the day as it was too hot to step out. She usually went for a walk at night.
	It was the third day and Melinda got up early to watch the sunrise.
	Her life was so much easier here. She chose to ignore Jonas and spoke to him only when they sat down to eat, which was only three times a day.
	Emily finished all her work and went to the seaside to meet Jonas. She was wearing a long bohemian dress, a pair of sunglasses, and a hat. The bright coat of orange lipstick made her look vibrant.
	Jonas's eyes widened with shock when he saw her walking towards him.
	"Jonas."
	Emily took off her sunglasses and smiled. She stepped closer and interlinked her fingers with his.
	"Why are you here?" Jonas shook his head and frowned.
	"I've been busy attending shows. I'm on a vacation and there are a couple of shows in the next two days. I cannot miss them," she pouted.
	Emily always used this trick to see Jonas and he always believed her. The two of them chatted like old friends.
	Melinda felt guilty for leaving Jonas alone all by himself, so she quickly changed into a beach skirt and walked out. Melinda's eyes widened and she scoffed at the sight of Jonas talking happily with Emily.
	She felt stupid for thinking that he had been alone all this time.
	But she couldn't understand why he was doing with Emily here. Melinda sensed that something was odd but didn't bother probing the matter. Since Jonas was with Emily, she got back to writing her book at peace.
	But her peace didn't last long. When Melinda was about to have dinner, Jonas floundered into the villa. His hair was messy and his shirt was crumpled. He was reeking of alcohol. He staggered and landed heavily on the sofa.
	Melinda had never seen him like this before. Although Jonas had come home utterly wasted in the past, he seemed different now. She felt that something was bothering him.
	"Melinda, you have no time for me. You just sit at home all day and write stories. Why are you always ignoring me?" he whined like a little boy.
	Melinda glared at him and crossed her arms before her chest. Although she was annoyed that he was drunk, she couldn't help but smile at how adorable he was.
	Jonas rambled incoherently and suddenly stopped talking. Melinda's heart began to race frantically when his eyes met hers.
	Panic rose in her heart. His eyes were familiar, yet strange. Her mind flashed with bitter memories of the past.
	Jonas stared at Melinda as an unusual feeling crept into his heart. His hands were itching to touch her. He pushed Melinda to the sofa and pressed his body against hers.
	Melinda squealed in shock. She could feel Jonas's racing heartbeat against her chest.
	His deep, lustful eyes roamed across her face. Melinda's heart skipped a beat and she felt as if a thousand butterflies were set loose in her stomach.
	"Jonas, are you drunk? Go find Emily and leave me alone," Melinda croaked.
	She had never been this close to him in a long time and her heart began to crave for his attention. She quickly dismissed the thought and tried pushing him away. But Jonas was strong and she was trapped between his arms.
	Jonas continued to stare at her.
	Melinda bit her lip and wrapped her arms across Jonas's neck and pulled him closer. She broke into a cold sweat when Jonas's familiar scent filled her lungs. She inched forward and bit his shoulder with all her might.
	She bit him so hard almost as if she was venting out her anger and grief. Jonas yelped in pain and pushed her away. Melinda fell to the ground and smiled in relief.
	But a wave of guilt washed over her when she caught him looking at her with a blank face. She felt guilty for hurting him.
	Tears streamed down her face and she was on the verge of breaking down. All the emotions that had been simmering in her heart for the last five years seemed to gush out.
	Melinda was mad at Jonas for using her. She was mad at herself for letting him use her. Jonas was an animal when he got drunk. He had sex with Melinda every time he got drunk even if she refused.
	She would cry and beg him to leave her alone but he would never listen to her. He would be rough and wild in bed. But Melinda was hopelessly in love with him and endured all the pain to please him.
	She felt humiliated and disgusted with herself.
	Jonas frowned and glanced at his shoulder. He didn't understand what was going on. Melinda walked to the room and shut the door, leaving him all alone.
	When Melinda woke up in the middle of the night, she saw that Jonas had fallen asleep on the sofa. She felt sorry for him and put a blanket over him. The next morning, Jonas woke up with a piercing headache. When he reached his hand to massage his temples, there was a stinging pain on his shoulders. He saw a deep teeth mark with dried blood spots on his right shoulder.
	Jonas's eyes widened with shock as a hazy picture formed in his mind. He had been a fool last night. He turned his head in the direction of Melinda's room. She was standing by the stairs, watching him with a playful grin.
	Jonas was confused. He thought that he was developing feelings for her. He stayed in the villa with Melinda and hardly stepped out. Even if he did, he would return home soon.
	He had even ruthlessly declined Emily's invitation to be with Melinda. Jonas tried asking Melinda about what had happened but she continued to ignore him like she always did. She would sometimes flash a strange smile but Jonas couldn't understand what it meant.
	He felt intimidated by Melinda's presence for the first time.
	Jonas and Melinda stayed in the villa without fighting or arguing. Both of them could sense the tension in the air but neither of them could comprehend what it was.
Chapter 41 A Car Accident
	Right from the start, Emily had planned to have sex with Jonas after he got drunk, but she didn't expect him to leave so quickly. She tried to contact him again, but she couldn't reach him.
	According to her investigation, she learned that Melinda had been staying in the villa and that she and Jonas were in a good relationship.
	Nelson had been anxious about them. He was surprised as well as happy when he knew that Jonas accompanied Melinda at home.
	He had a feeling that his grandson's eye for women would be better sooner or later, due to Melinda's great kindness.
	The two of them couldn't know what Nelson was thinking. Three days had passed since they went to the market. During that time, they needed to restock their pantry. Thinking of how Jonas could be of use, Melinda brought him along to the nearest grocery and purchased a lot of food items.
	Simultaneously, Melinda wondered how long the vacation would last. Was it okay since Jonas did not go back to the company for so long?
	Back in the Gu's mansion, Nelson was ecstatic to hear the latest update. Gavin stood beside him and complimented Jonas for finally being smart.
	"Well, this holiday was indeed a good way to stir up and foster feelings. It seems like I will soon have a little great-grandchild."
	Nelson thought it was a wise decision to arrange a holiday trip for just the two of them. He used to believe that they would be okay with each other, but now he wanted a great-grandchild.
	As the grandfather of Jonas, who was considered a man of action, Nelson was the same. He called Jonas promptly.
	"Jonas, how are you doing with Mellie?"
	"Not bad."
	After all, they could make their rest in stride. Although Jonas was miserable, he would rather not think about that.
	"That's great. You are old enough to have a kid. Do it as soon as possible. I'll wait for your good news,"
	said Nelson. Jonas's face felt numb and quite stiff for a moment, but he returned to normal.
	"I get it, Grandpa. Do you have anything else to add?"
	"It's okay now. You can go back to your honeymoon and enjoy yourselves." Nelson squinted and hung up the phone. People said that the honeymoon phase was the most convenient time to start trying for a baby.
	Jonas knew he had to face the fact eventually, but considering his current status with Melinda, he was afraid it would be difficult.
	Somehow, he felt a little excited at the thought that he might have a child with Melinda.
	Every business person had to be tough, including Jonas. He thought it over and decided to talk in the most uncomplicated and direct manner.
	"Let's talk."
	Jonas walked to Melinda's room. The door was not closed, and Melinda was not writing. Instead, she was lying back on the rattan chair, looking relaxed. Her eyes were closed, the corners of her mouth turning up in a small smile. Jonas's voice was uncontrollably mellow.
	Melinda squinted, glanced at Jonas, and then stood up, pointing to the seat beside her.
	The arrival of Jonas was somewhat unexpected. Proud as he was, he had been ignored these days and felt humbled. 'Why did he come here? Was there anything important?'
	"Grandpa called."
	"Are we going back?"
	Melinda asked, her soft eyes full of seriousness. Jonas was a bit mad, and he put on a rueful smile.
	"He wants us to make a baby,"
	Jonas uttered. Melinda's body tensed up as she thought of what had happened that night. "No way," she refused straight away.
	"Melinda, this is what Grandpa asked us to do,"
	conveyed Jonas. Being refused like this made him feel humiliated and furious, which made him sound rough.
	"There is no such stipulation in our contract, Jonas,"
	said Melinda. She didn't want to mention the child issue anymore, as it would remind her of the baby she never expected to have. She sneered and looked at Jonas viciously, "Jonas, we would already have a baby, but you abandoned him."
	Jonas's breathed slowly, and his eyes sank with deep sorrow. Although he didn't like her, it was his child. He didn't know that her sharpness could hurt people like this before.
	Hearing this, Jonas, who planned to have a peaceful discussion with Melinda, suddenly held back all his words, and neither of them said anything.
	If it were in the past, Jonas would pressure Melinda with intimidation. But seeing her hurt eyes, he suddenly decided to be quiet.
	As a result, Jonas had to skip dinner today since Melinda was not in the mood. Melinda thought about her baby all the time. Finally, she fell asleep with resentment.
	Jonas had some takeaway food delivered. He wanted to share it with Melinda but found out that she was asleep. She was curled up in a fetal position, which showed that she was in a very insecure state.
	She lay down on the bed without any comforter covering her. Jonas moved nearer and studied her carefully. It was the first time he looked at her up close in all sincerity, and he suddenly realized that the gap between her and the Melinda he once knew was getting wider.
	Looking at her pale lips, Jonas fought the urge to taste them. As long as they were red and puffed up, then there must be blood circulating.
	As Jonas inched closer, he saw the tears at the corners of her eyes. He seemed to clamp down on whatever thought he had earlier. He immediately became sober and left the room in shame.
	His bedroom was right next to Melinda's. It also had the perfect spot to watch the view outside. But what made his balcony stand out was the sizable sofa with a wooden coffee table and various kinds of acclaimed wines.
	Afraid that he might turn into a beast after getting drunk, he controlled the amount of his intake. Then he positioned himself lazily on the sofa. The salty sea breeze blew his thick wavy hair, with a touch of gentleness on his cold and hard face.
	Soaring Group was so big that he had a lot of business dealings. Since Jonas couldn't take a holiday for too long, they went back home after a week. Nelson was very excited to see them again in the mansion.
	"Did he bully you, Mellie?" the old man asked Melinda.
	"Jonas, did you take good care of your wife?"
	Nelson took wholly different attitudes towards the two people. He showed great concern for Melinda, and couldn't help losing his temper in front of Jonas. For the first time, Jonas suspected that Melinda might be the real granddaughter of Nelson. The more Nelson looked at him, the more he disliked him. Jonas felt like he was the grandson-in-law.
	"Grandpa, I have an urgent meeting to preside over. I have brought her back safe. I am leaving now,"
	said Jonas. Melinda finally understood why he dressed formally today. Hearing this, Nelson glowered at him but said nothing.
	"Melinda, ask the servant to unpack your things. Tell me what you have been busy with lately."
	With a hint from Nelson's eyes, Gavin immediately arranged someone to help Melinda and Jonas carry the baggage back to their villa.
	Thinking of the holiday she just spent, Melinda felt embarrassed. She couldn't say that they barely got along with each other lately, and she didn't go out often. She had been preoccupied with writing chapters in the villa, and she felt that the environment was appropriate for her to write a novel.
	"We attended a campfire party there. There was a nautical-themed bar and we also picked up puka shells. By the way, Grandpa, I've brought you a simple souvenir."
	Melinda tried her best to think about the recent vacation, and then quickly dropped the topic. She took out the gift from her bag.
	It was a small relic consisting of numerous shells attached. Melinda used to go out at night to sightsee. There was a small stall not far away from the shore, and there was a night market that evening. She was enticed to make a handmade token by herself that night.
	The Gu family was so wealthy that there was nothing they didn't possess. But as long as it was from Melinda, Nelson would like it, let alone something handcrafted with care.
	Melinda also brought items for Gavin as well as Yulia and Queena. Although they were not in a harmonious relationship, she needed to show good manners.
	Nelson talked with Melinda for a long time. Seeing that she was sleepy, he smiled with satisfaction and asked her to go back to her villa and rest.
	Melinda knew that Nelson might have misunderstood her, but she didn't explain anything.
	Due to Nelson's order to bring Melinda to the main villa for dinner, Jonas went to inform Melinda. Melinda's loungewear was loose, showing her prominent collarbone and sexy cleavage. His eyes darkened, and he bit her neck, leaving a little bite mark.
	"What are you doing?!"
	Melinda looked at Jonas menacingly with her hands holding her neck. Jonas put on a poker face and said, "I don't want my grandfather to find out something."
	After finding herself speechless, Melinda stood up in anger. Seeing that she seldom got angry, Jonas displayed a meek smile, which he was not aware of.
	On the table, the kiss mark could be seen on Melinda's neck. Even if she tried hard to cover it, Jonas would find a way to let people notice it. All of a sudden, Nelson said she was too skinny, and she needed nutritious as he added food in her bowl.
	This scene, however, made Yulia more resentful. 'She comes back and grabs all the attention of Grandpa. Why does she have a higher position than me in Grandpa's heart?!'
	There was another episode during the dinner, which made Nelson irate again.
	During mealtime, Jonas received a call from William, who told him that there was a severe car accident when Emily returned to A City.
	As soon as Jonas heard the news, he didn't panic as Melinda expected. He looked calm, but there was obvious concern in his eyes.
	"I'll be there soon,"
	Jonas said to William. In his mind, Emily needed to be taken care of because she was too delicate to be on her own since she was a child.
	When Jonas recalled his childhood with her, there was a sudden surge of emotion that could not be understood by Melinda in his eyes. He just hung up the phone. Without explaining anything, he left directly.
	Nelson threw his crutch out at once. Hearing this, Jonas stopped for a second and then strode away.
	Melinda's long hair covered most of her face together with the mocking smile on her lips.
Chapter 42 Childhood Friendship
	Silence prevailed in the room. No one dared to utter a word. Melinda closed her eyes and took deep breaths to calm down. She picked up the crutch from the floor and handed it to Nelson.
	"Grandpa, let's eat."
	Melinda smiled and served the food. Nelson smiled sadly and reluctantly took a bite of the food. Melinda wasn't bothered that Jonas had left her to see Emily.
	Her nonchalance surprised everyone in the room. Melinda was behaving as if Jonas was a stranger to her.
	Queena was shocked by her reaction. Melinda always felt dejected when Jonas ignored her and left to see another woman.
	Queena had thought that Melinda and Jonas were getting along well but she was wrong. Nothing had changed.
	"Mellie, I'm sorry."
	Nelson felt that Melinda was pretending to be okay when she was hurting inside. He wouldn't have felt bad if she had thrown a tantrum at everyone for the way Jonas treated her. But she restrained her emotions and kept everything to herself. She tolerated everything without complaining.
	"Grandpa, I'm fine." Melinda smiled reassuringly.
	Melinda and Jonas were pretending to get along well only for personal gains. They weren't living their lives like a married couple, so it didn't matter to her about what Jonas did or who he was with.
	Nelson's heart was heavy and he had lost his appetite. He was just playing with his food without eating. Queena was conscious of her health, so she hardly ate anything. Yulia couldn't eat in front of Melinda. She nibbled on her food awkwardly. But Melinda was ravenous. She gobbled the food, devouring the taste, and even finished half a bowl of soup.
	When Melinda stood up to leave for her room, Nelson called, "Mellie, come to my study after dinner. We haven't seen each other in a long time and there are a lot of things that I need to talk to you about." Nelson smiled and went to his study.
	Melinda felt bad to see Nelson losing his mind over her relationship with Jonas. He was old and needed to live in peace rather than worrying about them.
	The sweet scent of sandal wafted in Nelson's study. The walls were covered with paintings that Jonas had drawn when he was young.
	His desk was filled with articles and photo frames that Melinda had gifted him. Nelson cleared the desk with his trembling hands and plopped on the chair. He wore his reading glasses that made his eyes look bigger.
	Melinda felt that Nelson was getting old. Although he was mentally strong, his body didn't seem to cooperate.
	"Come here, Mellie." Nelson smiled at Melinda who was leaning against the doorframe.
	She nodded and walked in as Nelson pulled out an old photo album from the drawer.
	Nelson fondly caressed the album and opened it. Melinda saw the picture of a chubby baby, blowing bubbles.
	He had plump cheeks, rosy lips, and was incredibly cute.
	"That is Jonas," Nelson said, trailing his fingers across the photograph. "This picture was taken when he was little. He was an adorable baby."
	Nelson smiled fondly as his thoughts flitted to the good old days when Jonas was a happy kid. Although Melinda had guessed who it was, she was surprised to see the pictures.
	The photo album was a record of Jonas's childhood. His pictures were arranged in chronological order. Melinda realized that Jonas's smile had gradually faded as he grew up.
	She saw a girl who was with Jonas in almost all the pictures. The girl was cute and Jonas seemed to smile when she was with him. Melinda recognized the familiar face at once.
	"Is this Emily?" Melinda asked when she saw a picture of Jonas and Emily in their teens.
	Emily's face had not changed one bit, except that she looked childish and innocent in the pictures.
	"Yeah. You know how Jonas is, don't you? Only a few people understand him and want to be friends with him. Jonas had a lonely childhood. Even I was busy managing the company and didn't have the time to look after him. But Emily was always with him. She was his best friend and never left him alone," Nelson said.
	Although Nelson was never like Emily, he was grateful to her for being with his grandson at all times. Otherwise, Jonas would have been engulfed by loneliness.
	Jonas and Emily grew up together. He was always grumpy and rude to everyone including Nelson but smiled when Emily was around. Being with her made him happy.
	"Mellie, no one can replace you. You're the perfect match for Jonas. Emily..."
	Nelson paused and blew out a loud breath. Melinda saw agitation in his deep eyes. She felt that there were a lot of things that she didn't know.
	"Since Emily had an accident, Jonas has gone to see his friend for old times' sake, and I hope you'll understand that. Please don't give up on my grandson. Only you have the right to be his wife, I promise."
	Melinda could see the fear in Nelson's eyes. She knew that he was afraid of losing her. But neither Melinda nor Jonas could understand why he always considered Melinda as his granddaughter-in-law. He couldn't accept anyone else. Perhaps it was because of the friendship the two families shared. But Melinda felt that there something she didn't know.
	"Grandpa, I'm not angry. I understand him. You need to stop worrying about us," Melinda said, smiling reassuringly.
	She knew that Jonas loved Emily and it was normal for him to panic. She could understand Jonas because she had been liking him too. She had been crazy about Jonas and would worry even if he caught a cold.
	"Trust and understanding are the foundation of any relationship. I felt I needed to tell you why Jonas had gone to see Emily but you're entitled to your opinion. You can do whatever you want when he returns home. Remember, I'm always on your side," Nelson said and finally let Melinda go back to her room.
	Nelson's words were constantly ringing in Melinda's mind.
	She had a strong feeling that Jonas was protecting someone but she couldn't figure out who it was and what he was protecting them from.
	By the time Jonas arrived at the hospital, William had already finished the procedures. Emily was popular and reporters had crowded outside the hospital, waiting to get footages of her. Jonas tried his best to avoid them.
	Emily was resting in the VIP ward. Her body had become limp after the treatment, so her assistant was feeding her water. Emily's pale face lit up with joy when she saw Jonas. She licked her chapped lips and smiled.
	"Jonas,"
	Emily called softly as tears streamed down her cheeks. Jonas took the water glass from the assistant and sat on the bed next to her. She held his hand and cried harder.
	When Jonas was a child and fell sick, there was only Emily to take care of him, while his family was busy with their work. Jonas always felt a strange sense of guilt when Emily got hurt her or fell sick.
	He felt that he was indebted to her.
	"Drink it slowly," Jonas whispered softly.
	Emily took a sip of water and smiled at his handsome face.
	Emily was exhausted. She had finally achieved her goal. She felt safe and happy as Jonas was by her side, so she drifted into a peaceful sleep.
	It was midnight when Jonas returned home. The living room was dark, except for the faint light from the night lamp. Jonas involuntarily went to Melinda's room. She was curled into a ball and was fast asleep.
	The quilt was not fully draped and Jonas tried to readjust it. When he touched Melinda, she stirred in her sleep and knitted her eyebrows.
	Jonas pulled the corner of the quilt and covered her body. He smoothed her frown and patted her back comfortingly. Melinda gradually fell asleep with a small smile on her face. The soft light illuminated Melinda's face. She was looking peaceful in her sleep. Jonas smiled at her innocent face.
	He couldn't comprehend the complicated waves of emotions that were gushing in his heart. He realized that something had shifted in him.
	Although Emily's injuries were mild and she was recuperating, the doctors had instructed her to rest in the hospital. The next day, when Jonas went to see Emily, he saw that her ward was filled with flowers and fruit baskets. He guessed that someone had come to see her.
	"Jonas, you are here."
	Emily beamed with joy.
	"Are you feeling better?"
	Jonas placed the bag of fruits on the table and sat on the chair next to her.
	"I'm okay. I know that you have a lot of work to do. You don't have to come here every day," Emily said thoughtfully.
	She knew that Jonas had just returned from a holiday and that he had to catch up with work.
	Although Emily enjoyed the attention, she didn't want him to ignore his work.
	"It's okay, I'll manage. You are more important to me than work. You rest well and take care of yourself. Don't think unnecessarily and trouble your mind."
	"Thank you, Jonas." Emily smiled gratefully.
	She knew that she was different in Jonas's heart.
	Nelson found that Jonas had been taking care of Emily. He could understand his concern but became frustrated when he saw Jonas going to the hospital every day to see her. Nelson tried stopping him but Jonas ignored him.
	William came to the hospital to pick Jonas up. He informed him about what Nelson said.
	"You take care of everything in the hospital. I don't want anything bad to happen."
	William nodded politely. He wouldn't disobey Jonas.
	Jonas knew that his grandfather despised Emily. He thought that Nelson would slowly warm to her but he was firm with his decision. He wasn't ready to accept her.
	Emily couldn't do anything. She had no choice but to wait until Nelson accepted her. She didn't want to do anything that would potentially ruin her chances with Jonas.
	She knew that she had to win Nelson's trust if she wanted to be with Jonas.
	But no one could replace Melinda's position in Nelson's heart. She would always be his favorite daughter-in-law.
Chapter 43 Being Sarcastic
	It had been three days since Jonas finished his work. Melinda was shocked when she saw him—his eyes were dark and sunken, and his facial hair was unkempt. It was an understatement to say that he looked haggard.
	Despite this, he still looked presentable in his tailored suit, and his eyes were still as sharp as ever.
	It was the weekend, and Jonas stayed in the company for half a day before coming back to the Gu's mansion. William's people proved to be quite reliable. Meanwhile, Emily was much better now. As he took care of Emily every day, he reported the situation to Jonas in real time.
	Nelson was playing chess with Melinda. Jonas was standing behind her, watching their game with a slight frown.
	Melinda's fingers tapped against the table, her short elegant nails rasping against wood.
	Just when she was about to raise her hand and move a chess piece, a voice came from behind her.
	"Move it there," Jonas mumbled. For a moment, Melinda hesitated, wanting to follow Jonas's suggestion.
	She was so focused on their game that she had almost forgotten that Jonas was standing behind her. At first, Nelson was the one who was winning, but when Melinda took Jonas's advice, the tables had been turned quickly. Nelson looked at Jonas with dissatisfaction, and leaned over the table with more concentration.
	Finally, the game was all taken over by Jonas. He helped Melinda win against Nelson by a narrow lead.
	"Well, how is it fair that I'm playing against two people? It should be against the rules to coach like that!" Nelson stated as he crossed his arms over his chest. There was, however, a smile on his face as he said this, as he was glad to see that Jonas and Melinda looked like they were getting along with each other.
	When they put away the chessboard, Nelson excused himself. It was routine for him to take a nap in the afternoon. Before leaving, Jonas freshened up and changed into his casual clothes.
	"Are you going out?" Melinda asked.
	It was such a surprising question for her to ask since it had been such a long time since she had shown any form of care towards Jonas.
	"I'm going to see Emily,"
	he said matter-of-factly. Looking at his frank manner, she didn't know what to say. She pursed her lips and looked at Jonas without saying a word.
	Inexplicably, under such eyesight, Jonas felt a bit uncomfortable from the guilt he suddenly felt.
	Melinda saw this, and forced a slight smile. "Okay, I understand."
	After saying that, Melinda turned around and walked away, feeling that she must have been out of her mind. As soon as she said that, she wished she could bite her tongue off.
	They had been having such a pleasant time together that she had forgotten to distance herself from him. Melinda took a deep breath and tried to calm herself down.
	Jonas tried to shrug it off and went to see Emily. Whenever Emily saw him, her face instantly lit up. Knowing that he was worried for her made her feel very happy.
	In truth, Emily had been actively keeping her distance from Jonas, as if they were just ordinary friends and nothing more. But he didn't notice that, and just did what he thought he should do.
	In the following days, since there weren't a lot of company affairs going on, Jonas went to visit Emily after dealing with his work. Even though this was the case, Nelson was still dissatisfied with Jonas's behavior.
	Jonas wasn't shallow not to notice the current atmosphere in the Gu's mansion. It was obvious that both Melinda and Nelson were uncomfortable.
	"Jonas, I couldn't help but notice that Mellie doesn't look well today. Maybe you should have a doctor come over and check up on her? Even if nothing serious turns up, you should still take good care of her. Don't let her be as weak as before,"
	Nelson said in a hurry when he saw that Jonas was about to go out. He then gave a hint with his eyes to Melinda. When Jonas looked at her, she quickly held the table beside her, acting to be too weak to stand up by herself.
	'Good girl,' Nelson thought as his brows raised in surprise.
	"Grandpa, I'm fine. Don't worry about me. I don't want to be in the way of whatever Jonas has to do," Melinda said.
	Afterwards, Melinda bit her lips as if she was bearing great pain and grievances.
	Looking at their exaggerated acting, Jonas was left speechless. Finally, he walked over to help Melinda.
	In spite of her strong resistance to Jonas's touch, Melinda leaned against him, making her whole act even more convincing.
	"Take Mellie to your bedroom and have a good rest," Nelson urged again.
	After arriving at her bedroom, Jonas called a doctor to have a physical examination for her. Not long after Melinda lay down in bed, she actually started looking really bad.
	It was no longer a part of her act as she always felt ill when she had her period. Her forehead was sheen with sweat, and her plump lips were pale and trembling.
	For the entire afternoon, Jonas took care of Melinda. He felt helpless that he was unable to share her pain.
	Meanwhile, as Melinda looked at Jonas, she found herself getting annoyed at him. There was so much discomfort she was going through that she couldn't help but lose her temper. Much to her surprise, Jonas just bore her anger silently.
	It took about two days before Melinda turned back to normal. During that time, Jonas had barely left her side. When Nelson found out about this, he felt a bit regretful as Melinda had not been pregnant yet.
	Meanwhile, in the hospital, Emily stared at the phone, full of sadness in her eyes. 'Jonas hasn't contacted me for three days now,' she thought. 'Am I just getting too sentimental? Should I not care that he didn't come visit me?'
	She was going to get discharged from the hospital today, and Jonas had said that he would come pick her up. After she finished up some of the paperwork, however, Jonas was still nowhere in sight. There was no other choice for Emily but to leave with her assistant.
	'Maybe I should've called Jonas... But he didn't even think to call me when he knows that I'll get discharged today! Maybe he really doesn't care for me as much as I thought he did.'
	As she thought of this, Emily gripped her purse tightly. There was a trace of bitterness in her eyes that had never been there before.
	'No! Jonas can't forget about me. I won't allow it!'
	On the other hand, Melinda's period was coming to an end and yet she still felt a bit woozy. Her eyes stared blankly at the TV as she hugged her pillow, lost in thought.
	Emily had gone straight to the Gu's mansion. There was a smile on her face as she stepped inside.
	"Tell Jonas and Melinda that I'm here," Emily told one of the servants present.
	Little did she know that Nelson was there as well. When Emily saw him, a trace of fear flashed through her eyes. "Grandpa," she greeted, her voice trembling slightly.
	"Emily,"
	Nelson replied with a cold voice, but he didn't say anything else. Emily was embarrassed and stood still. Her hands were clenched into fists, causing wrinkles on her leather bag.
	"Mr. Jonas and Mrs. Gu are here," a servant announced.
	Gavin spotted two people walking towards this side. The servant only told them that they had a guest, but did not tell them who it was. Jonas already had a hunch who it was, and these thoughts were confirmed when he caught sight of Emily.
	Seeing her, Jonas quickened his pace to come to Emily's side. Melinda, on the other hand, just walked unhurriedly, an eyebrow slightly raised.
	"How are you feeling? Do you feel better? You shouldn't be wandering around."
	Jonas could not help frowning since Emily just recovered from illness. He seemed to be blaming her, but his words were out of care, which made Emily happy in her heart.
	'He really... cares about me,' Emily thought.
	"I… Jonas, I miss you,"
	Emily bit her lips and finally said in a low voice. She lowered her head as if she was angry with him, but the words came out more like a light complaint.
	It was then that Jonas realized he hadn't visited Emily for a long time.
	"Ah, Mellie! You look so much better today. It seems that Jonas has taken good care of you,"
	Nelson spoke as soon as he saw Melinda come into the hall. When Emily heard that Jonas was looking after Melinda, her face changed.
	"Emily, long time no see."
	Seeing Emily looking at her, Melinda simply greeted her, and then stood next to Nelson. The group of people then made their way to sit on the sofa to have some tea.
	Emily couldn't help cast a sidelong glance at Melinda from time to time. From the way she saw it, Melinda was deliberately posing as the hostess to annoy her.
	However, Melinda wasn't really thinking about such a thing, and had just truly wanted to courteously greet Emily. After a short while, the tea arrived. Feeling a bit parched, Melinda lifted her cup to take a sip, but Jonas stopped her. She looked at him in confusion.
	"This tea is cold. You shouldn't drink that," he explained.
	There was a trace of irresistible softness in Jonas's voice. His lips turned down in a frown and his eyes were filled with reproach, as if he was upset that Melinda was about to do something that was harmful for her.
	Blinking, Melinda carefully put back her cup of tea on the table.
	Seeing this, Jonas smiled with satisfaction and handed a glass of warm water to Melinda to comfort her.
	All the while, Emily had been watching the whole scene silently. Her hand tightly gripped on the cup, almost making it break. Gritting her teeth secretly, she put down her cup as well and never touched it again.
	After chatting for a while, Nelson went upstairs to take his routine afternoon nap. As soon as he was gone, the atmosphere between Jonas and the two women was really weird and awkward.
	"I didn't expect that your health was so delicate and fragile as well,"
	Emily said sarcastically as she looked at Melinda's face, a hint of envy flashing through her eyes.
	"I guess I'm getting too old to bear hardships. Besides, it feels so nice to be spoiled. Wouldn't you agree?"
	Although there was a smile on Melinda's face as she said this, it was obvious that she was directly attacking Emily. Her comment made Emily think of how Jonas had been taking care of Melinda for the past few days, which consequently left Emily alone in the hospital.
	"I always thought that you are a strong woman, not a frail girl like me,"
	Emily said with a shrug, her eyes filled with resilience and stubbornness.
	"But I am strong. In fact, I am actually very different from you," Melinda said in a meaningful tone.
	Just when Emily was about to ask her what she meant by that, Melinda suddenly changed the topic. "I've read the news some time ago. About some uncultured Internet celebrities. They talked rubbish and affected their fans. They often spread bad ideas," Melinda said.
	"Don't you think these kinds of people are a bad influence? Oh, and by the way, you often go live stream as an influencer. Are those people really like how they act on camera or is it just so that they can get more attention?"
	Melinda turned to look at Emily confusedly. How could Emily not know the irony behind it? How could she compare those low-end girls with her!
	"Personally I don't think it's the right thing to do, whether or not you're just trying to attract attention to yourself. This kind of world view just invites nothing but trouble to others. They are so disgusting!"
	Since Melinda jeered at her again and again, Emily had no reason to be polite to her any longer. She knew how to fight back.
Chapter 44 Expel
	The atmosphere became tense and Jonas pretended to remain ignorant.
	Although Melinda and Emily were scowling at each other, Jonas remained still.
	Melinda was surprised. She had always thought that Jonas was on Emily's side.
	"Jonas, it's been so long since I had spent time with you at your place. Do you mind if I stay here for a while?" Emily asked, biting her bottom lip nervously.
	Melinda narrowed her eyes and stared at Emily. Jonas was a little surprised too. He didn't expect Emily would make such a request. Emily was intimidated by Melinda's presence. She didn't want Jonas to fall for Melinda, so she decided to stay at Jonas's place and separate them.
	"Jonas, the paparazzi have found out where I live now. I... err..." she trailed off and stopped when she caught Melinda staring at her suspiciously.
	Melinda understood that Emily had come with a plan. She wondered if the paparazzi knew why she was staying here.
	Jonas thought that Melinda was annoyed by Emily's presence and he groaned in frustration. Women were always hard to deal with.
	"Jonas, she has been your best friend since childhood. She can stay with us for a few days. Ask Gavin to arrange a room for her," Melinda said, smirking at Emily.
	Emily was shocked by Melinda's response. She was annoyed that Melinda didn't react and create problems like she had expected her to. But she couldn't refuse the offer.
	Although Melinda wasn't a stunning beauty, she had an amazing personality. She could effortlessly mesmerize people with her charm.
	Gavin stood in a corner and watched them talk. Melinda instructed him to arrange a room for Emily.
	Emily's decision was spontaneous and she did not bring her belongings with her. Jonas bought new things for her, which lit a spark of hope in Emily's heart.
	Melinda usually dressed casually at home. Emily was surprised to see Melinda walk down in a light purple gauze skirt and a pair of silver high heels during dinner. Her hair was tied into a loose bun as tendrils of hair escaped from the sides.
	Jonas's breath caught in his throat when he saw Melinda. She was looking elegant and graceful.
	Nelson sat in the center, while Melinda and Jonas sat at one side and Yulia and Emily sat opposite to them, casting awkward glances at each other. Queena had gone out to have dinner with friends.
	Yulia was annoyed by Emily's presence. She had been frustrated ever since Melinda told her that Emily was going to stay with them for a couple of days.
	Emily was a beautiful woman. She was social and could effortlessly captivate people's hearts. Yulia was insecure around her.
	"Grandpa, living with strangers makes me uncomfortable."
	Yulia frowned. Emily's smile was wiped off in an instant.
	She knew that Jonas had an annoying half-sister but she was seeing her for the first time. It had only been five minutes since they had met and Yulia managed to get on Emily's nerves already.
	"Emily, Yulia fell ill recently and is having a hard time to recover. She didn't mean to offend you. I know that you just want to catch up with your friend. You can stay here as long as you want," Melinda said, smiling sweetly.
	She glanced at Yulia who looked at her with wide eyes.
	Emily was taken aback. It would be foolish of her to stay back after all the humiliation. But she wasn't ready to give up. She didn't want Jonas to get close to Melinda.
	"Emily, I know that you and my brother have grown up together. It's normal for you to stay at your friend's place, but my condition is..." Yulia paused and gritted her teeth. "If you want to catch up with him, I'll move out,"
	she said, glancing coldly at Emily and back at Melinda.
	However, Melinda was unfazed by Yulia's taunts. She shook her head and ignored Yulia.
	"Emily, Yulia is getting better. Moreover, you are always busy and hardly have the time to go out. Why don't you and Yulia take a trip around A City? There are many new places that you might have missed," Nelson suggested.
	Nelson knew Emily's intentions. He wouldn't let anyone destroy the relationship between Jonas and Melinda.
	"Grandpa, I have a bad appetite. I'm sorry, I'll go back to my room."
	Yulia put down the chopsticks and stood up to leave. Emily's cheeks turned red with embarrassment.
	"I'm sorry to bother you. I'll go on my own." Emily bit her lip and smiled awkwardly.
	But Jonas stayed with Emily, which made her happy. She wanted to use her last chance to make Jonas go out with her.
	"If you want to go, leave right away. Don't stand in my way," Yulia bellowed.
	Melinda dropped her food and stared at Yulia in shock.
	Anger resided in the pit of Emily's stomach. She had not been insulted before and resisted the urge to punch Yulia in the face. But she needed to control her emotions. Otherwise, the image of a good woman that she had tried hard to build, would crumble to pieces.
	Melinda apologized and politely requested Emily to leave.
	Emily realized that Yulia wouldn't eat at the same table with her. She had no choice but to leave. She put down her bowl and chopsticks and stood up as her eyes welled with tears.
	Melinda rolled her eyes when she saw the triumphant look on Yulia's face.
	"That's enough, Yulia," Jonas said, glaring at her.
	"Emily, there are some nice restaurants here. I'll take you there. We can go to the mall or a movie after that." Jonas smiled.
	He usually never had the patience to deal with emotional dramas but he couldn't see Emily like this. Emily sniffed loudly as tears rolled down her cheeks. Jonas hesitantly wiped the tears with his thumb.
	"I'm sorry, Emily." He smiled apologetically.
	Jonas didn't want anyone in the Gu family to hurt Emily. Yulia had crossed her limits, so he quickly apologized and made it up to her.
	Emily was delighted to see Jonas stand up for her. Just when she was about to say yes, Jonas's phone rang.
	Although Melinda supported Yulia in the beginning, she thought it would be inappropriate for her to interfere in their personal affairs. Seeing the dreadful look on Jonas's face, she guessed that it was bad news.
	"What's wrong?" Nelson asked as soon as Jonas hung up the call.
	The call was from William and he wondered if something had happened at the company.
	Emily's curious eyes raked across Jonas's face. "Emily, I need to go to the company. I'll ask the chauffeur to drive you home," he said, running his fingers through his hair nervously.
	Emily's face turned pale in an instant. She thought that she had managed to fix a date with him but the phone call had ruined everything. Melinda arched an eyebrow and glanced at Nelson with suspicion. She thought that Nelson had arranged William to call Jonas.
	But Nelson's pensive face proved that she was wrong. She realized that something had happened in the company.
	"Grandpa, there is a problem in the finance department. I'm going back to the company to deal with it."
	Jonas knew that Nelson would find about the issue sooner or later, and decided to tell the truth before he heard it through someone else. The company was going through a crucial phase and Jonas would be embarrassed if the company incurred losses.
	Emily forced a smile and left the Gu's mansion. Once Emily left, Jonas hurried to the company.
	The finance department played a pivotal role in any company. Soaring Group was dealing with a financial crisis.
	The news soon reached the shareholders who admonished Jonas for being careless.
	As soon as Jonas arrived at the company, William explained the situation in detail. Jonas decided to investigate the problem. He felt that he would get a better perspective if he handled the problem by himself.
	It was an unpredicted situation and Jonas had to handle it with care. He spent the entire night in the office, gathering insights.
	Melinda couldn't sleep well without Jonas around.
	She couldn't help but think about what he was doing now. He would perhaps be skimming through the documents with a sullen face. Melinda quickly snapped from the thoughts.
	She shouldn't be doing this. She warned herself to stop wasting her time thinking about him. The damage would be irrevocable if she fell for him again.
	The next day, Melinda walked down with a tired face. Her eyes were bloodshot with dark circles. She hadn't slept well last night. Melinda was used to having breakfast with Jonas. The dining table was loaded with a variety of dishes but Melinda was not in the mood to eat.
	"Mary, can you pack these up in meal boxes?" Melinda asked.
	Mary was an old maid. Nelson had arranged her to take care of Melinda and Jonas. She was a wonderful cook and Melinda had gained a few pounds because of her.
	Mary nodded and packed the food.
	Melinda arrived at Soaring Group with a lunch bag. Only when she stood at the door of the CEO office did she realize what she was doing. She had brought breakfast for Jonas in an impulse and it was too late to go back home.
	"Mrs. Gu, Mr. Gu is inside."
	William smiled and ushered Melinda into Jonas's office. Melinda took a deep breath, opened the door, and walked in. She broke into a fit of coughing as the room was filled with smoke.
	"Are you smoking or setting the building on fire?"
	Melinda croaked and clamped her mouth. She quickly opened the ventilator and blew out a loud breath.
	Jonas knitted his eyebrows and stared at Melinda with a cigarette clamped between his fingers.
	Melinda frowned when she saw his tired face. "I have brought breakfast. Wash your face and eat something. I had asked Mary to pack what you like. Let me help you with the work, so don't worry."
	Melinda had studied finance before and thought that she could help Jonas solve the problem.
Chapter 45 Companionship
	At this point, Jonas couldn’t care less about the sudden changes in her behavior. He didn’t stop Melinda from entering the room.
	He had eaten nothing since lunch yesterday and had been feeling painful spasms in his stomach. Cold sweat had broken out along his forehead, and his complexion was pale, making his blue veins alarmingly prominent against his skin. It wasn’t until he had some breakfast that his situation started to get better.
	Even now his vision was slightly blurry, and he struggled to focus on the piles of paperwork that needed seeing too. Melinda sat down to collect herself. She closed her eyes and was taking a few deep, calming breaths when a shadow loomed over her, and she blinked a few times to clear her vision and gain better focus.
	When she opened her eyes she was greeted by Jonas’s handsome face, his dark obsidian eyes full of intent. Melinda felt her heartbeat pick up pace. A familiar feeling stirred within her, reminding her of the moment she first met Jonas.
	She had been attracted to him at first sight, and the tug at her heartstrings at this very instant was reminiscent of the bitter past. It felt like a very long time ago.
	"You—"
	"You—"
	They spoke at the same time, then stopped, and looked into each other’s eyes.
	They had been silently staring at each other for a few minutes, lost in their own thoughts, when the door suddenly clicked. They both jumped, and the spell was broken.
	William strode into the room with some papers in hand, and then paused halfway. His gaze went back and forth between the two, noting the rather awkward atmosphere. He had a nagging feeling he interrupted something significant.
	"Mr. Gu, here’s the information you wanted." William hurriedly placed the documents on a nearby table before scurrying out of the room.
	When they were alone again, Jonas cleared his throat, but neither said anything. They settled down and dove into the task at hand, joining efforts in investigating the incident.
	Soon the sun was setting, and meals and snacks had been had, but they managed zero progress. When they arrived home, Jonas had a ghastly, exhausted expression on his face.
	"How are things going?" Nelson asked as soon as the couple entered the foyer. He had been worried all day, and with good reason. He had spent his life pouring his heart and soul into Soaring Group. Jonas gave a weary sigh and ran a hand over his face. "It’s all under investigation still."
	Apparently it wasn’t the answer Nelson wanted to hear. "Jonas, I entrusted the company to you, and this is what you do with it! Financial crisis? Do you even understand how grave this situation is?"
	A vein was popping on Nelson’s temple, so Melinda quickly came between them and tried to cajole the older man. "Grandpa, please calm down. All of this is just a setback caused by many factors. Jonas never meant for this to happen, and I’m sure he can take care of this matter."
	"Yes, I’m sure my brother can handle it." Yulia was standing at the foot of the stairs, and was wearing a cold expression as she glared at Melinda.
	She never did like the woman. But she would always support Jonas, especially since he was the one putting food on the table.
	"I have a lot of questions still unanswered," Jonas finally said in a tired voice. "I’m going to another city to look into the finances."
	Despite his undeniable fatigue, he still had a stubborn and arrogant air about him, and it irked Melinda.
	She briefly marveled at how blind love could make a person, wondering how she never noticed all the red flags in the past.
	Assessing the scene that was playing out that instant, she decided it would be better to serve as a buffer so the arguments would not escalate any further.
	"Grandpa, I’ll go with Jonas. I’ll be keeping an eye on him, so you don’t have to worry about anything."
	The old man eyed the two. He had been immensely worried about the status of their relationship. Perhaps this was a good opportunity for them to mend whatever it was that was broken.
	He agreed to it without a second thought, but not without cautioning his grandson. "Don’t let me down Jonas."
	Jonas only nodded in acknowledgment of the weight of those words.
	They left that very night, which wasn’t an easy arrangement for Melinda. She had led a carefree life in recent months, and the diligent work that their investigation required had taken a physical toll on her.
	The work on this day alone had exhausted her, and she immediately fell asleep on the car ride. Jonas was with her in the backseat, poring over the documents he brought with him. He was intent on the papers when he felt a weight fall on his shoulder.
	He turned to see the crown of Melinda’s head nestled into the crook of his shoulder. She gently rubbed her cheek against the fabric of his shirt, as if seeking comfort and relief from great burdens.
	His body stiffened involuntarily at this sudden contact, and he slowly set aside the papers he was holding.
	His face tightened into a frown, and his lips formed a thin flat line. For a while he only stared straight ahead, lost in his thoughts. Then he rubbed his eyes and took a deep breath, as if bracing himself. Without any further thought he reached out to cradle Melinda’s head and adjust her position so she was leaning back into the seat as well as against him.
	Jonas was so careful about it that he didn’t notice the glances the driver was stealing through the rear-view mirror, or the small smile that he was sporting.
	In all honesty, Jonas was thrown by Melinda’s constant company lately. He was not expecting her to stand by his side, especially since things had gotten difficult in recent days. He sighed again, closing his eyes. He would not think too deeply on it. They entered into contract, so it was only natural that they both upheld their ends of the deal. Beside him Melinda stirred, the motion bringing her face closer to his cheek. Jonas turned to check on her, and his mouth accidentally landed against her lips. He sat there, silent and dumbfounded at this development, but made no move to change it. Instead he stared at her closed eyes, familiarizing himself with the delicate lines of her face.
	It was by no means the first time they were this close; neither was it the first time they kissed, but it was the first time he felt...warm. Warmth was the only word that came to mind.
	As if she had felt his intent gaze, Melinda’s eyes suddenly popped open. She took a second to register what was happening. Then she frantically jumped back in her seat, bumping her head against the roof of the car in her haste.
	"Ah," she rubbed the sore spot on her head, her face flushing with embarrassment.
	She was contemplating jumping out of the car and letting the ground swallow her whole when she heard Jonas chuckle. She stared at him in shock.
	He was laughing openly, and his eyes held a mischievous glint. Melinda started to think she might not have woken up after all.
	"Mr. Gu, we are almost at the hotel." The driver’s voice startled them both, and whatever spell there was in the back seat was broken in an instant.
	Melinda sat down properly and ran a hand over her dress. She glanced at Jonas next to her, and saw that the cool, indifferent mask was back on his face.
	It was three o’clock in the morning when they finally arrived at the hotel. Refreshed from her nap in the car, Melinda was now feeling a little hungry, and she let it show.
	If it were up to Jonas alone, he would have dived right into work, but the look on her face made him rethink. A little detour wouldn’t hurt, surely. So they had a light meal before going over the ledgers that they came for.
	They worked on the records for two whole days, and Melinda kept him company the whole time, assisting him when necessary. She had told their grandfather that she was tagging along to supervise him, but in truth she did a lot more than that. Thanks to her, they managed to solve the problem by the end of the second day.
	Since they were spending a lot of time together, Jonas had plenty of opportunities to take a good look of Melinda. She had lost a considerable amount of weight. She was already slim to begin with, and she’d only gotten thinner in the past few days. If a strong wind were to blow past them, he had no doubt she’d be swept away easily. He, on the other hand, had been looking better and growing more refreshed under her care.
	"I’ll be taking the time off tomorrow afternoon," he said over dinner when they finally returned. "Let’s go shopping."
	He was grateful to Melinda for looking out for him, and it pricked his conscience that it took a great deal out of her to do so. He knew she was fond of shopping, and saw how her eyes would dart to the malls when they passed by.
	"All right then." Melinda was wearing a calm, unaffected expression, but it didn’t escape Jonas how she had a joyous lilt to her voice.
	She didn’t sleep well that night, and she kept telling herself it wasn’t because she was excited to go out with Jonas. Not at all. In an effort to distract herself from that line of thought, she focused instead on deciding on the shops to visit on their city excursion.
	Despite her resolute denial to herself, she awoke early the next day, and spent most of the morning rummaging for clothes to wear. Jonas had bought her tons of clothes from when they were pretending to be a happily married couple, but she seldom wore any of those. Today, for the first time, she was going to choose among the stash Jonas had gifted her.
	She settled on a nude dress, which greatly suited her gentle temperament. It had a unique neckline that showed off her neck and collarbones, and accentuated the delicate features of her face. She accessorized with a thin platinum necklace, and wore light make-up.
	She looked dainty and pure, which only added to her allure. Melinda had won the genetic lottery, and she had never required much effort to look attractive even as a little girl.
	In fact, this was the first time she spent some effort into dressing up, although she didn’t really need much. Given her face and her figure, she could give supermodels a run for their money if she wanted to.
	Around noon, Jonas came home to pick her up. The moment he saw her, he stopped in his tracks. She was breathtaking. Lucky for him, he managed to compose himself before she took notice of his presence.
	They went on their way, shared a meal, and started browsing through the shops. Jonas had made arrangements beforehand, and Melinda took great pleasure and comfort the entire time. He was being considerate, to be sure.
	Every time Melinda praised an outfit a little bit, Jonas would motion for the salespeople and whip out his card. They had several shopping bags by the time they were done at the mall.
	Eventually Melinda was able to trick him going to the supermarket. Although reluctant at first, Jonas ended up buying a lot of snacks and treats, which he insisted were for Gavin’s grandson.
	All in all they both had a good time, which was different from how things usually played out. Normally they couldn’t stand to be in each other’s presence, and an hour would not pass without a quarrel breaking out between them.
	Their good mood carried on even when they returned home, and Nelson was most pleased with the obvious harmony between the young couple.
	And it didn’t stop there. Jonas and Melinda’s relationship only got better from that point. So much so that Melinda took a fancy to baking. The sweet sugary scent of cakes and cookies would wash over their villa ever so often, giving off a feeling of warmth and a sense of home to the large mansion.
	Jonas, for one, had no fondness for sweet things, but he found himself consuming a majority of the baked goods under Melinda’s eager watch.
	"Don’t you think I’m good enough to open a cake shop by now?" she asked one day.
	It was such an unprecedented notion that Jonas had to pause his chewing, holding his fork midair, and glance down at the piece of slightly burnt cake on his plate.
	He had the mind to give a flat no, but then he saw Melinda had a bright, expectant smile. He cleared his throat before saying carefully, "That would be a rather exhausting endeavor."
	She wasn’t to be deterred, however. "Well I can just bake in my private kitchen, then. I’ll take orders and deliver the pastries. A lot of people do it that way these days anyway." "There’s really no need for that," Jonas interjected, his voice growing sterner in his alarm. "I’m pretty sure the Gu family can still support you without you having to get into any business at all."
	Melinda’s face fell a little, but Jonas refused to relent on this matter. He waited for her to grudgingly agree before popping another piece of the burnt cake into his mouth.
	He studied his wife’s sulky face as he chewed, a secret smile playing on his lips. He never imagined they would ever be able to carry a conversation without yelling arguments at each other. These days were full of pleasant surprises indeed.
	The people around him noticed as well. Jonas had been looking well and content these past few days, and his disposition had been significantly lighter and... nicer.
	William even felt positive that if he applied for a month-long leave, his boss might approve it.
	Emily noticed, too, and she was naturally pissed. She knew the change in Jonas had something to do with Melinda. She had to do something before he fully fell for that woman’s charm.
	Emily began to make frequent visits to Soaring Group. Instead of behaving properly in public, she would cling to Jonas like a little girl, and would often mention things from their childhood.
	"Jonas, won’t you come to the park with me?" she whined one day, her signature pout in place. "You once promised me that we would ride the Ferris wheel together."
	Jonas’s memory being what it was, he couldn’t deny the promise that he did indeed make. That did not mean he was eager to keep it.
	"Emily, you’re no longer just an ordinary person, you know. You need to take care with your appearances in public. It wouldn’t be good for you to go gallivanting in peopled places like the park. If you want to ride the Ferris wheel so much, I’ll ask William to make arrangements and install one in your yard."
	Emily’s face froze in displeasure. Jonas hadn’t even looked up from his desk the entire time he said this. In the past she would have reveled in the fact that a handsome man would spend so much just to give in to her whims, and she would have definitely showed off to anyone who cared to listen. But now she wanted Jonas’s company, not the prestige that came with him. "Oh, it’s just a passing thought. You haven’t spent much time with me lately, are you really so busy?" Emily had great difficulty in maintaining a sweet smile instead of a sneer, but Jonas didn’t even notice. His eyes were still on the paperwork on his hands, and the only thing Emily got in response was a curt nod.
Chapter 46 Pregnancy
	Jonas's attitude was driving Emily insane but she still held on to the last of her hope. She wished for Jonas to touch her at least once, which would change their lives forever.
	The two had grown up together, influencing each other's lives. Besides, Jonas had left Melinda for her many times. Emily believed that Jonas was in love with her. She wanted him to realize it sooner so that they could start a life together.
	"Jonas, my friend has opened a new restaurant. Will you come with me to attend the party this evening?"
	Emily had made a bold promise to her friends. She said that she would come to the party with Jonas, thinking he would come with her. But she was worried to see him being distant. She didn't want to be embarrassed before her friends.
	Jonas pursed his lip. His mind flitted to Melinda's beautiful face and a smile lingered on his lips. Emily heaved a sigh of relief when she saw him smile. She was sure that Jonas would go to the party with her.
	"Emily, I'll go with you some other time."
	Jonas's words hit Emily like a bucket of cold water. She was shocked and didn't know how to react.
	"Jonas, are you going to accompany her?" Emily asked, hissing through her teeth.
	Jonas frowned at Emily's response.
	He was suspicious about Emily's behavior but he quickly rearranged his expression.
	"Emily, I've been very busy lately."
	Emily's face turned pale. Jonas usually accompanied her without protesting. He would blindly follow her words without raising any questions.
	"I see. I won't bother you anymore."
	Emily bit her lip to stop herself from crying. She stood up and left as tears streamed down her face. She couldn't accept the rejection. Emily felt as if Jonas had gone too far away from her.
	She fisted her palms tightly to control her emotions. Her knuckles turned white and her fingernails sank into the skin but the pain was nothing compared to the heaviness in her heart. The blue veins on her wrist pulsated wildly.
	After Emily left, Jonas continued to do his work in peace. Everyone in his office knew that their workaholic boss had been leaving early these days.
	Nelson was happy to witness the change in Jonas. He usually preferred his grandson to work hard and earn well. But he was glad to see Jonas get closer to Melinda.
	But one thing seemed to bother Nelson a lot. Although Jonas and Melinda had been in a relationship for a long time, there was still no news about Melinda's pregnancy.
	At dinner, the whole family sat together as usual, but the atmosphere was strained tonight.
	"Jonas you should eat more. I've asked the cook to prepare healthy dishes for you," Nelson said.
	Jonas scrunched his nose in distaste as he saw the bland, healthy food on the table. They were nutritious but not tasty. Melinda covered her mouth with her hand and snickered. Jonas's reaction was priceless.
	Jonas was embarrassed as he was aware that Nelson doubted his manhood. He had specifically cooked all the food to make him stronger in bed so that Nelson would get to cuddle his grandchildren soon. Melinda chuckled at the horrified expression on Jonas's face.
	"Grandpa, what's the point in feeding me with all these food when Melinda is too weak to bear children?" Jonas said as he winked at Melinda.
	Melinda's smile was wiped off from her face in an instant. She felt uncomfortable by Jonas's remark.
	Nelson knitted his eyebrows and looked at Melinda. "Jonas is right. You are too thin, Mellie. I've heard that it's risky for puny women to get pregnant. You need to eat more and put on some weight. Gavin has specifically prepared these for you."
	Melinda frowned at the array of food before her. They didn't look good either. They were just as bland and tasteless as Jonas's food.
	"You are too weak. I will ask the doctor to prescribe a tonic to improve your strength," Nelson added, shaking his head.
	Melinda's mouth popped open in shock. She hated the bitter taste and smell of herbs.
	Jonas and Melinda staggered to their villa as they were full. Nelson was like a tyrant who forced them to finish the food. Melinda usually ate like a bird but with Nelson's supervision she ate doubling the amount of her usual food and almost threw up.
	Gavin felt sorry for them and told Nelson that too much of good food was also bad, so Nelson finally let them go.
	Jonas was usually wild in bed, and he had been repressing his desire recently. Although he was embarrassed by Nelson's remarks, his words seemed to spark a fire within him.
	He had spent all his life thinking about his feelings and emotions. But for the first time, Jonas cared for someone else too. He placed Melinda's feelings above his.
	Since Melinda was writhing with a stomach ache, Jonas asked her to lie on the sofa and massaged her belly. Her usually flat stomach was slightly protruding because of the excessive food. Jonas felt that it was incredibly cute and poked her belly playfully.
	"Let's go for a walk." Jonas smiled and extended his hand for Melinda to take.
	Nelson was constantly urging them to have a baby. Jonas and Melinda were too embarrassed to be around him and preferred hiding in their own villa. Melinda glanced at Jonas. She could sense what he was thinking.
	Jonas had been debating whether he should talk to Melinda about having a baby or not. By the time he concluded, he was already standing by the door of Melinda's room.
	Melinda was wearing a thin nightdress that clung on to the right places, hinting what was underneath. The gentle breeze ruffled Melinda's hair as she glanced at Jonas quizzically, which made her look incredibly cute. Melinda was looking like a sexy night elf and Jonas's mouth watered at the sight of her.
	A wave of desire washed over him as he walked towards Melinda. His mind was begging him to shove her against the wall and kiss her until they were breathless, but he didn't know how she would react. He stepped forward and wrapped his arms across her waist.
	Melinda stared at him with wide eyes. Jonas could see both fear and excitement in her face. She hesitantly draped her arms around Jonas's neck and closed her eyes.
	Jonas took Melinda's move as a sign of encouragement. His heart began to race rhythmically in his chest.
	Melinda and Jonas were reveling in ecstasy as they made slow, passionate love.
	Melinda had the best experience of her life as Jonas was careful and made sure she enjoyed it.
	Nelson was joyous to see the change in Jonas. He was kind and gentle towards Melinda, which inflated his hope of having a great-grandchild soon.
	Melinda puked at the dinner table and Nelson's eyes sparkled with happiness.
	"Mellie, are you okay? I'll ask Jonas to take you to the hospital tomorrow. You could be pregnant," Nelson said, grinning happily.
	Nelson had noticed the changes in Melinda's behavior. She had been sleepy and exhausted for the past couple of days, so he concluded that she was pregnant.
	"Grandpa, I'm fine. I'm just a little tired, and that's all."
	Jonas's presence had a great impact on her mental health. She had been stressed lately. She couldn't comprehend Jonas's behavior and decided to stay away from him. Even if they got along well, the memories of her ugly past haunted her. It sucked the happiness and joy out of her. She couldn't sleep well as her mind was in a complete mess.
	But Nelson was adamant about taking her to the doctor.
	Yulia swallowed loudly and looked at Melinda. She became tense. Melinda had already managed to wrap everyone around her fingers. If she was pregnant, no one would care about Yulia. She would become invisible in the Gu family.
	At the villa, Jonas was busy with business. Melinda rarely had the time to rest. She had been paying a lot of attention to Jonas lately that she almost forgot to write her novels.
	Melinda was a perfectionist. During the days when she lacked inspiration, she would transform her jumbled thoughts into words and meticulously edit them over and over again, until she was completely satisfied.
	Yulia seldom came to Melinda's place as she was intimidated by her. Moreover, Jonas would always be there to protect her. Melinda was wearing black and white pajamas, and her hair was pulled into a messy bun. She was sitting under the shade of the tree in the yard as her fingers danced on the keyboard dexterously.
	"Melinda, you are pregnant. You can't use the laptop. It's not good for the baby."
	Melinda was engrossed in her writing and didn't notice Yulia's presence. Before she could realize who it was, Yulia grabbed the laptop and deliberately deleted her manuscript.
	Melinda glared at Yulia as all her efforts had gone waste.
	"Yulia, what the hell did you do?" she screamed.
	Melinda rarely got angry but she was furious this time. Yulia had ruined all her efforts and Melinda wanted to beat her to a pulp.
	"I didn't mean to do it. It was an accident. Stop yelling at me," Yulia said.
	Melinda grabbed the laptop from Yulia, closed her eyes, and blew out a loud breath. She had spilled her guts out and was frustrated that her manuscript was gone. Even though she remembered the scenes, she knew that she wouldn't be able to write it with the same emotion and depth.
	Melinda tried writing but she was too distracted and finally gave up. She decided to go for a walk. When she was taking a stroll across the yard, she saw Yulia staring at her. She was waiting for her with the car keys.
	"Yulia, stop pretending as you care. You wish I had an abortion, don't you?"
	Melinda said, sneering at Yulia. Yulia was angry and embarrassed as her thoughts were exposed but she continued to bother Melinda.
	She couldn't see Melinda live a happy life.
	When Jonas returned from work, Nelson informed him that Melinda could be pregnant. His face beamed with joy and he was grinning like an idiot. He couldn't wait to see her.
	Melinda had been grumpy because of Yulia but Jonas thought that she was experiencing mood swings because of her pregnancy. Melinda was annoyed by the sudden attention and care.
	She felt that Jonas cared for her only because he thought that she was carrying his baby. The thought of it made her angry.
	"I'm not pregnant, Jonas. Take me to the hospital to confirm it," Melinda snapped. Melinda wanted to spend time outdoors but Yulia always ruined her plans. Melinda could feel that she wasn't pregnant and didn't want to crush Jonas's hopes.
	Jonas was shocked. He felt that Melinda was telling the truth. They packed their things and left for the hospital. Since Jonas was by her side, Yulia didn't dare to cause trouble.
	The urine test was a tedious process, so Melinda asked the doctor for a pregnancy test paper. The final result revealed that she was not pregnant.
	Melinda's heart became heavy. She couldn't understand her complicated emotions. She didn't know whether to be disappointed or relieved. Everything seemed too confusing.
Chapter 47 A New Label
	Knowing that Melinda wasn't actually pregnant, Jonas couldn't help but feel upset. Even so, he did his best not to show it. Soon after, the two went back home.
	Melinda had always known that Nelson was looking forward to have a great-grandchild. Because of this, she knew that he would be disappointed to find out that she was not pregnant. Still, she had to break the news to him.
	Although Nelson was in a low mood, he still put on smile. "It doesn't matter. You are still young! Don't worry, you have plenty of time to have kids," he comforted.
	"I'm really sorry, Grandpa," Melinda mumbled.
	Guilt washed over her at that moment—not because she failed to get pregnant, but because she actually didn't want to have another child with Jonas. It was such a complicated feeling in her heart.
	"Silly girl. It's not your fault at all. The doctor said that you are just probably exerting yourself too much. From now on, just take good care of yourself and I'm sure you'll get pregnant in no time."
	Nelson mistook Melinda's sadness, thinking that she was upset because she couldn't get pregnant. Unconsciously, Melinda bit her lower lip. Sometimes she thought maybe it wouldn't be so bad to have children just so that she could make Nelson happy. However, she did not want to raise children in a home that had a broken family.
	Melinda was certain that her relationship with Jonas would be over sooner or later.
	The news of Melinda's false pregnancy made some happy while others sad. A lot of people were highly aware of the significance of her pregnancy in this family.
	Needless to say, Nelson thought highly of her, and Jonas had taken good care of her recently.
	Yulia was happy that Melinda didn't get pregnant. Otherwise, she would be really worried as she wouldn't know how she should proceed.
	After the two returned to their villa, Melinda turned on her computer and began to type on the keyboard. There was a lot of inspiration and ideas flooding through her mind, and she didn't want to miss it.
	Jonas walked in on her, seeing her busily typing away. "Are you writing again?" he asked.
	It was not the first time that Jonas had seen such a situation, but it was the first time that he asked. There was no aversion in his tone unlike in the past. Slowly but surely, he had accepted a lot of things about Melinda.
	"Yes. I've had a lot of free time on my hands recently."
	Yulia's fake kindness ruined everything, and since the last draft was lost, she was not in the mood for writing for a few days. Today, however, she was in the mood to get her writing done.
	It was such a thrill for her to write. Whenever she wrote a sentence she liked, she couldn't help but sit back and smile to herself, admiring her work.
	"What are you writing right now?"
	Jonas seldom read novels, and mostly read classics and prose. Melinda looked up at him with a subtle expression in her eyes, and finally said helplessly, "I don't think you'd be interested in this."
	Love stories were definitely not his cup of tea. Melinda knew that he only read those books with complicated theories and difficult vocabulary and was aware that it was a bit boring for him to read love stories.
	Jonas shrugged it off and went to work at the study. It was a nice and quiet moment in their villa.
	As Melinda was writing, a piece of news popped up in her laptop. It was a report about Emily. Seeing this, Melinda clicked on it out of instinct.
	Emily was filming a new movie recently. It starred a bunch of big names and was getting a lot of hype. For some time now, Melinda had been wondering how Emily could've endured without seeing Jonas, and it was not until she read the article that she found out that Emily had in fact been in F City.
	As Melinda continued to read the article, she found out that Emily was apparently known for wearing white and dainty dresses. The thought that Melinda also had many dresses similar to what Emily wore made her uncomfortable.
	'Well, looks like I'm never going to wear those dresses again,' Melinda thought in annoyance. In truth, it actually suited Melinda more than it did on Emily. With a sigh, Melinda closed the web page and went back to her writing.
	Meanwhile, Emily was so anxious, and couldn't wait to return back to A City. Her performance wasn't that good, and consequently slowed down the shooting process. If only Emily wasn't as famous as she was, the director would have scolded her right there and then.
	It would difficult to against someone like her, especially since she had a lot of fans that were arrogant and unreasonable.
	Fortunately, the shooting had taken place in a fairly remote place where had a weak signal. It was easy for Emily to calm herself down since she couldn't get a lot of news and information from the outside.
	Every now and then, Melinda would go out to refresh her mind and find more inspiration. Whenever Jonas had the time, he would go and accompany her. The sight of them together gave the impression that they were a nice, young couple that got along really well.
	"Wow, it's so rare to see you sitting at the table,"
	Yulia said in a sarcastic tone as Melinda sat down for dinner. Recently, Melinda often went out and seldom had her meals at home. Melinda didn't pay attention to Yulia's snide comment—after all, what Yulia said was a fact.
	In contrast, Melinda's silence made Yulia feel even more annoyed. 'How dare she ignore me like that!' she thought.
	"Mellie, did you have a good day today?"
	Nelson asked with a smile. Melinda and Nelson were sharing interesting things that they met today, and also invited Jonas to chat with them. Jonas was not a good listener. He just talked a lot with "uh" or something else. But the way they got along with each other still made Yulia jealous.
	'They're my family! Why is everyone so fond of her anyway?' Yulia thought angrily.
	'This is my home and yet I feel like an outsider. Do they ever care about me at all?' There was so much hate and bitterness brewing in Yulia's heart.
	"Emily will be back soon, Melinda," Yulia chimed in. "I wouldn't be so laid-back if I were you."
	Emily was really a thorn in Melinda's heart since she had caused a lot of troubles and misunderstandings between her and Jonas.
	The only thing Yulia wanted right now was for Melinda to have a difficult time like her.
	"Oh, she is always welcome to visit us. Just be careful not to lose your temper this time, okay?" Melinda clapped back, a sarcastic smile playing on her lips.
	It was obvious that Melinda was deliberately teasing Yulia to annoy her, and it worked. Yulia's lips curled up into a sneer. However, Melinda looked like she didn't want to hear anything more from Yulia and stood up to take her leave. It was an insult and a complete waste of time for her to fight with Yulia.
	Every time they had a quarrel with each other, Yulia always lost. It seemed that Melinda would always be better with words.
	Even though Melinda was calm on the outside, her heart was actually in great pain. 'If Jonas dares to bring Emily back here and she starts annoying me, I swear he'll never get close to me again! I'll have to die first before I have a baby with him!'
	There was a sullen look on her face as she went back to the villa. Jonas furrowed his brows—this was the first time she had been cold around him ever since they came back together.
	"What's wrong with you?" Jonas asked.
	"Why? Do I need a reason to be in a bad mood?"
	Melinda had never been so arrogant in front of Jonas. At this moment, she couldn't help but feel good for snapping back at him freely.
	Hearing her reply left Jonas speechless. He looked over at Melinda with surprise and intrigue.
	"How about I take you out for fun?" he suggested after a while.
	After getting along with Melinda for some time now, Jonas knew that she was very much a kid at heart and was fond of being outside.
	"Have you checked the time? It's already getting dark! Where are we supposed to go?"
	It had totally slipped her mind that she had mentioned to Jonas once that she found everything so much more beautiful and interesting when it was nighttime. After her harsh reply, Jonas shook his head dubiously.
	'Looks like no matter what I say, she'll still be upset,' Jonas thought, feeling resigned. To make a point that he wasn't going to suck up to her this time, he turned around and left the room, slamming the door loudly behind him.
	"Stop playing tricks on me,"
	Melinda said through her teeth, feeling that she had been wronged. Finally, she threw herself on the bed and buried her head on the pillow. Soon enough, she fell asleep curled up into a ball.
	When Jonas returned to the bedroom, he saw Melinda sleeping soundly. The unhappiness in his heart vanished. A smile was even starting to show on his lips.
	'The more time I spend with her, the more I feel like she's so much like a child,' he thought.
	The next morning, Melinda deliberately stayed in bed until Jonas left to go to the company. She wanted him to feel that she still wasn't happy with him.
	Downstairs, Yulia had been doing Tai Chi with Nelson when Melinda arrived.
	"Melinda, why have you woken up late? From what I remember, you don't really go to evening parties. What's more, you barely do anything all day!"
	Although it seemed that Yulia was concerned about her, Melinda knew that she was actually calling her a lazy woman. Though rich people's wives didn't need to make money by themselves, they often took part in various activities or banquets to stabilize their husband's connections. Melinda, however, didn't do things like that.
	She narrowed her eyes at Yulia and was about to speak back, but Nelson interrupted.
	"Melinda is not in a good health! She needs to have a good rest so that she could get pregnant. Besides, we have a lot of people working for us. What else do I need her to do?"
	Yulia gritted her teeth. It annoyed her that Nelson always sided with Melinda without a second thought. What was more, Melinda wasn't even aware what Nelson was doing for her.
	'This bitch! Always taking advantage of Grandpa's kindness,' Yulia thought to herself grudgingly.
	"You are not a little girl anymore, Yulia. I think you'd understand what Grandpa is trying to say,"
	Melinda deliberately spoke with an air of shyness, assuming that Yulia was no longer a virgin. Of course, Yulia understood what Melinda was trying to imply, and couldn't help but feel humiliated.
	'How dare she say such shameless thing? And in front of Grandpa! What a slut!'
	On most days, Melinda really did nothing much. She would only show up when it was time for their meals, and would retire back to her bedroom or go out somewhere right after. Because of this, Yulia deliberately slandered her in front of a lot of people.
	Soon enough, a lot of people in the upper class thought that Melinda was the epitome of a lazy woman. It didn't bother Melinda though, thinking that Yulia was just bored with her own life.
	Only a brainless person like Yulia would do such a disgraceful thing to hurt the reputation of her family. With the protection of Nelson, Melinda was able to save some face.
	But Yulia just wouldn't stop. At first, Melinda didn't think it was necessary for Nelson to fight back before, but now she had to teach Yulia a lesson.
	After years of struggling and climbing in the upper society, Melinda had her own way to solve the problem. Not everyone was blind. She also met some people, so she asked them to help her investigate the matter.
	As it turned out, Yulia had a tightly-knit group, and they had done a lot of bad things.
Chapter 48 An Awkward Conversation
	Though she stayed calm and collected, Melinda began her investigation of the evil things Yulia had done.
	She didn't know how to set someone up, but she would do it with real evidence to back her claims.
	Back in the Gu's mansion, Nelson sat behind his desk inside the study. He looked at the company's business reports for the past two months, which made him smile with satisfaction.
	Anyway, Jonas wouldn't let him down.
	"Knock, knock, knock."
	There was a sudden knock on the door. Nelson took off his reading glasses, secured the company records, and stashed them in a small side drawer of his table. Then he took out a book from the nearby bookshelf.
	The hardbound cover was a little yellowish, but Nelson preserved it well. He rubbed the corners of the book carefully, and then said to the person on the other side of the door in a low voice, "Come in."
	When Yulia heard Nelson's voice, she pulled herself together and pushed the door open. Seeing that Nelson was reading a book, she asked with a pleasing smile, "Grandpa, what are you reading?"
	"Nothing interesting. Do you want something from me?"
	Nelson held a handbook containing private letters from a long time ago. All these years, he had a habit of looking over the contents, but he no longer felt any impression bearing those written words.
	"Grandpa, I feel much better now. I want to do something to distract myself."
	Yulia had been doing well for a long time. To get Nelson's attention, she had been pretending to be ill. She thought no one would find out, but she did not expect for Melinda to know about it. So at this point, she stopped pretending.
	"Just do whatever it is that you want to do. There's no need to explain it to me. You just need to remember the rules of our family."
	The rich and powerful clans hated those people who did awful things to disgrace their bloodline. In the Gu family, there were also many rules, although both Jonas and Melinda had broken most of it.
	"I know, Grandpa. But I want to start my own business."
	Yulia stated her purpose. The essential requirement for starting a business was a startup capital. She had no funds, so she came to ask help from Nelson.
	When Nelson learned that Yulia wanted to develop her own business, he thought it was a good thing. If something else distracted Yulia's attention, it might be helpful to her illness.
	"What are you going to do?"
	Nelson asked. He had been involved in the commercial business for many years and had a sharp eye for opportunities. Although the family was rich enough to let Yulia try even if she failed, he could help her when he could.
	Yulia felt very happy that Nelson cared for her and provided her needs. She thought for a while and said, "I want to try the fashion industry. Grandpa. I will do my very best."
	Nelson told her some insights that needed to be considered and given full attention during the early stage of the business life cycle. He then asked his secretary to give her money.
	Now that she had the cash on hand, she could start executing some of the plans.
	When Melinda was about to go out, she ran across Yulia, dressed in a plaid shirt and a tight denim skirt that highlighted her curvy figure. On the contrary, Melinda wore a plain white T-shirt and slim-fit pants, which couldn't be more casual.
	"Melinda, are you going out?"
	"Yes."
	Melinda didn't drive by herself, so she often needed a driver to take her everywhere. Yulia had parked her car beside her, so she opened the door directly and said with a smile, "I'm going out as well. Let me give you a ride."
	Melinda didn't think that Yulia would be so kind, but she couldn't reject her upfront with so many people watching. Yulia didn't dare to do anything to her anyway, so three seconds later, she hopped into Yulia's car.
	Yulia's car was a red BMW, and the interior decoration and accessories were very girly. Melinda mentioned her destination and closed her eyes.
	Yulia glanced at Melinda, and she wanted to move closer to slap her in the face. Melinda treated Yulia like a driver, but when she thought of what she would do next, she tried her best to calm herself down.
	Girls usually drove slowly. Maybe it had something to do with their mood. Yulia was cautious when driving, and she was very smooth all the way. Melinda only closed her eyes to rest for a while. She almost dozed off because of the snail-like speed.
	The smooth-running car suddenly stopped on the side of the road. Melinda opened her eyes in an instant, and the look on Yulia's face was exaggeratedly frightened.
	"I'll go down to check what's going on."
	Yulia unfastened her seat belt and got out of the car. After a while, she came back and told Melinda that the car had broken down. The two were still some distance away from the downtown area.
	"Honk!"
	Just as Melinda pondered what exactly Yulia had planned to do today, a car horn sounded next to her, and a red sports car thoughtlessly stopped beside Yulia's car.
	'The color of this car looked compatible with that of Yulia's,' Melinda thought to herself while the driver rolled down the window and looked at them.
	"Are you in any trouble?"
	"Our car broke down,"
	Yulia answered. The man opened the door and got out of the car. His clothes were subtle and subdued but did not fit his nature. In Melinda's opinion, a man's clothing was unreliable, and many times the character of a person would destroy a gorgeous dress. People and apparel should be complementary to each other.
	The man seemed very enthusiastic. He got off his car to help them inspect the problem and said that he could repair it. Seeing that the two were both busy, Melinda was too embarrassed to stay inside the car the entire time. So she got out of the vehicle to help out.
	It seemed that Yulia was a good talker. She had a friendly chat with the man, but the man showed more interest in Melinda, which made her unhappy.
	After the fix-up, Melinda wiped the sweat on her forehead with the back of her hand. The man's clothes were a little dirty, and Yulia handed him a bottle of water in gratitude.
	"Miss Gu, please check if the car will start,"
	the man said with a smile. When Yulia went back to the car for inspection, Melinda stayed outside. Before that, Yulia gave her a bottle of water, but she shook her head. It was better for her not to accept anything from Yulia.
	"My name is Perry Yang. It's nice to meet you,"
	the man continued to speak, and Melinda had always been helping him indifferently without saying a word.
	"Melinda Mo."
	Since the man had helped them, Melinda concealed her cold face. She directly said her name without any follow-up.
	"Mr. Yang, the car has been repaired. Thank you so much."
	Yulia thanked him gratefully. Perry Yang smiled shyly and asked where they were going. Yulia answered him back, but Melinda kept silent.
	Such a typical approach to making conversation made her feel uncomfortable, even disgusted, and she felt something weird today.
	"Melinda, please exchange number with Mr. Yang. He helped us today. We'll invite him to dinner next time,"
	Yulia said before that she would never address her sister-in-law in public, which Melinda had known long ago. She didn't feel strange, but when she ordered to swap contact information, she refused inwardly.
	"How can I let two beautiful ladies pay the bill? Destiny brought us to meet together. Next time I'll treat you, and you can't turn my offer down,"
	Perry Yang said, trying to make himself smile mildly, but it was a little incoherent. Melinda felt that the man before her was simply playing the role of a gentleman with all effort.
	It turned out to be a bad idea.
	"You can exchange your numbers,"
	Melinda said. This was personal information, and she hated it the most when someone violated her privacy.
	"It's not a big deal. We can be friends."
	Yulia tried to reason with Melinda. To avoid her nagging, they changed their numbers and drove away.
	Perry Yang's car trailed them behind in a proper distance. As soon as Melinda arrived in the area where she could take a taxi, she asked Yulia to drop her and took a taxi to her destination.
	She didn't know that after she left, Yulia and Perry Yang talked some more like they had known each other for a long time.
	To find a book, Melinda went to the downtown library. Halfway there, Jonas called and told her that he would have dinner outside. So she stayed at the library until it was time to leave. The driver that Jonas arranged had already been waiting for her out for a long time.
	That evening, Melinda's cellphone kept vibrating while she took a shower. When she picked up her phone and was about to browse some short videos, she saw a dozen text messages in her inbox.
	If it were one or two calls, then it was definitely from the telecom company or any public number. But this time, there were more than ten of them. Melinda clicked on her phone and saw the name, Perry Yang.
	Melinda tried her best to recall who he was and finally remembered his face. Then, it seemed that they were not so familiar with each other. The barrage of text messages was unthinkable.
	Out of politeness, Melinda opened the text. It started with a simple greeting. Perry Yang wrote that he heard from Yulia about Melinda being a writer and that he was a literary lover. Besides, he read many books that were famous over the past few years, with some understanding.
	Looking at the words on the screen, Melinda felt awkward, but Perry Yang didn't know that and kept on sending her messages.
	He expressed his vast interest in literature, but Melinda found a typographical error which he copied from the internet.
	"For the book you mentioned, the writer was not from Y country. He settled in Y country when he became famous, and he was from F country."
	Melinda was silent for a while. When she read the next message, Perry Yang was embarrassed and said that he had made a mistake.
	He then tried his best to improve his literacy, but Melinda ridiculed him. 'Didn't these people know that we can't trust the internet?'
	This kind of awkward conversation made Perry Yang aware that he shouldn't act like he knew better than the professional like Melinda, and then he stopped struggling with this topic.
	Facts had proved that it was unwise to talk with the real experts of the topic since they would immediately spot your error and mock you.
Chapter 49 Blind Dates
	Realizing that he was showing off in the presence of an expert, Perry was embarrassed after being mocked. He instantly backed off from Melinda.
	Melinda sighed in her heart, finally feeling a bit better. It seemed that there were always some self-righteous people coming to annoy her.
	The moment Perry calmed down, he called Yulia. It only took a few rings before she answered his call.
	"How is it going?" Yulia asked.
	"This woman is so hard to flirt with! What you've said is useless. If anything, I think I made her impression of me even worse."
	The mere thought of being kicked in the face just now made Perry sigh exasperatedly. Yulia told him that Melinda really liked literature, and that he would surely be able to talk to her by pretending to be a literary enthusiast. 'What a stupid idea! Go to hell!' he thought.
	"Alright, alright. I'm trying to think of another way. Don't give up now. If it still doesn't work, we need to change our tactics. I don't believe she won't be fooled."
	Yulia didn't expect that things didn't go as she had expected. She told Perry about it and then thought about how to arrange for an encounter between them. Since Melinda was an introvert, Perry wouldn't succeed if she didn't push forward,
	In an attempt to attract Melinda, the man Yulia had called was handsome.
	The next day, Yulia proposed to take Melinda out for fun and make some new friends. Her intimate behavior surprised everyone.
	"No, thanks. I don't like strangers," Melinda politely declined.
	Melinda could see from Yulia's eyes that she was up to something bad. 'Does she think I'm that stupid to go out with her? What on earth is she planning anyway?' Melinda thought.
	"Come on. There's no harm in making new friends,"
	Yulia said in dissatisfaction. 'Humph! Who does she think she is? Does she think she's too good to get to know other people?'
	"I have to finish my work today and hand it in tomorrow. Really, I don't have time," Melinda emphasized.
	Hearing this, Nelson thought that Yulia was making trouble once again. Already, he had a hunch that the friends Yulia knew couldn't possibly be nice people.
	Disdain was written all over Nelson's face.
	"Stop pestering her, Yulia! Let Mellie do her writing. And shouldn't you stop going out so much to have 'fun'? Haven't you learned from the last incident?"
	These so-called friends of Yulia's were the ones who betrayed her at a crucial moment. Yulia remembered her past of being cheated. Her face turned pale and she grew more resentful towards Melinda. If it wasn't her grandfather's concern for Melinda, he wouldn't have even remembered the bad things that happened to Yulia.
	"Grandpa, I've changed,"
	Yulia said sadly, with her eyes full of hatred. But nobody noticed that since she kept her head down.
	"You said that you started a business a few days ago. Now how is it going? Don't just be idle about it. Maybe you should start finding a real job. You are not a child anymore. What's more, don't you think it's time to find a boyfriend?"
	Nelson said. There was reluctance in Yulia's eyes. Meanwhile, Melinda was watching them silently and had a lot of mixed feelings. At the same time, she was a little curious about Yulia starting her own business. How could it be possible?
	"Okay, go now, Yulia,"
	Nelson sighed. He did not know whether Yulia had changed or not, but he did not want her to affect Melinda by her bad behavior. Therefore, when it came to these two people, Nelson wanted them to have as little contact as possible. For him, it didn't matter if they disliked each other or not.
	As long as he was still alive, he was determined to prevent any trouble from coming their way.
	"So you have a deadline tomorrow?" he asked as he turned to look at Melinda. "You should go and finish it then. Don't tire yourself. If you can't hand it in, you don't have to worry about it. I'll help you deal with it. You can hand it in whenever you finish it."
	There was a doting look in his eyes. Suddenly, Melinda felt a bit thankful that Jonas treated her with such strictness. Otherwise, she might have become so spoiled and unruly because of how much Nelson loved her.
	"Grandpa, I won't exert myself too much. Don't worry about it. I'll let you know if I have too much on my plate. But I can't make you do things like that for me. I still have to make you proud," she beamed at him.
	Hearing this, Nelson nodded in understanding. Even though she did not directly reject his offer, she was open about what she believed in.
	'She is really a good kid,' Nelson exclaimed in his heart.
	Just like that, the plans Yulia had were derailed. Begrudgingly, she went on the blind date Nelson had arranged for her. As for the business she was trying to start, it had never been mentioned again.
	Although Yulia was an illegitimate daughter, not everyone knew it. Many people from other families who had been curried favor with the Gu family all had other intentions.
	Even though Yulia looked innocent, she was arrogant. This was a known fact especially to those who had gotten the chance to know her. However, when she was being introduced to men, it was nothing but praise for her. None of her negative traits were ever mentioned.
	Nelson didn't ask too much for the men who went on a blind date with Yulia. The only thing that mattered was that they were decent. Therefore, not every one of them was from a rich family.
	In truth, Yulia was worried most about not having enough money. Whenever she had a date scheduled with a man that wasn't from a well-off family, she would find all kinds of excuses to not get along with them—the most ridiculous reason she used was that she disliked the man's name.
	It seemed that Nelson was determined to find a boyfriend for Yulia. He arranged two blind dates for her each day. As Yulia's sister-in-law, Melinda sometimes accompanied her. But when she was with her, Yulia was more snobby and those men all left with a disgruntled face.
	It didn't mean that Yulia disliked every of them. A week later, she finally found a man that passed her standards. They exchanged numbers and planned to meet up again the following day.
	Early in the morning, Yulia was well-dressed. It was rare to see that she had a smile even when she saw Melinda. Her date had been waiting for her outside the Gu's mansion. As he saw her dress so nicely, the man's eyes lit up and he smiled from ear to ear.
	"You look gorgeous today,"
	the man said. It said a lot when a woman would try to look her best for someone. In this way, the man should feel flattered.
	"Where are we going today?"
	Yulia chirped, feeling very happy at the compliment given to her. She went forward and held the man's arm with a charming smile on her delicate face.
	"I heard that you like Japanese cuisine. I know a restaurant which is really popular. Let me take you there,"
	the man said. Yulia's heart fluttered happily as she saw how much attention she was getting from him. They got on the car and left. But when Yulia saw the Japanese restaurant, the smile on her face slowly disappeared.
	"Are you sure it's here?"
	Yulia asked dubiously. There was now a frown on her lips. The man didn't notice, and nodded as he excitedly showed her the small restaurant.
	"I think I'd prefer the one I usually go to. Maybe we should eat there instead," Yulia suggested gingerly.
	The man hesitated for a while and eventually agreed hesitantly. But when he saw the prices on the menu of the restaurant she chose, his expression was similar to hers just a while ago.
	However, Yulia did not notice this. As usual, she ordered a lot of food, not thinking if she was ordering too much or not.
	The man's family was sort of rich, but such a luxurious behavior still made him unhappy. Seeing her splurge like this turned him off a great deal.
	After lunch, they went shopping together. Yulia went to the best shopping mall in the city and bought everything that caught her eye. The man got even more uncomfortable when he saw how much Yulia liked to extravagantly spend money.
	When Yulia was about to buy a piece of jewelry worth more than a million, the man finally couldn't help but speak out.
	"Miss Gu, I don't think we're right for each other." For the entire day, Yulia bought everything without self-control as if he was her own personal credit card.
	No matter how rich his family was, he couldn't spend money like this. The man had intended to develop his career with the help of Gu family, but now he felt that it would be better if he went on his own.
	"What's wrong?"
	Yulia was totally unaware of her behavior that made him feel uncomfortable. The man took a deep breath and said slowly, "I think we have a different view of life."
	In an instant, Yulia got his point and folded her arms over her chest. "If you don't have money, just tell me," she said accusingly.
	The man felt ashamed as he heard this. He was about to say something, but Yulia continued, "I don't think we are a good match as well."
	"I don't think there's anyone suitable for you,"
	the man scoffed. Afterwards, he put down the things in his hand and left. Yulia looked at him discontentedly with anger in her eyes and sneered at him in her heart.
	When she got back home, Nelson found out what happened. He scolded Yulia for a while and had his people reimburse the money the man had spent on her. But the man didn't accept it, and just figured to take this experience as a lesson for him.
	When Nelson arranged another blind date for Yulia, she refused. "All the men you try and set me up with are mean," she reasoned. "Besides, relationships are bound to end sooner or later.
	Grandpa, I'm not in a hurry now. Don't worry about me."
	In Yulia's eyes, no one was good enough for her. Recently, since she had been going on dates with so many guys, Melinda was becoming the apple of everyone's eyes in her family.
	In order to deal with Melinda, she would rather keep a foothold in the Gu family than relying on those who attempted to make use of her family's wealth and power.
	"Melinda, Grandpa always says that you are physically weak. But it can't be good for you to stay at home all the time, now can it? Would you like to go to the gym with me and work out?"
	Yulia asked Melinda in front of Nelson on purpose. There was a gym in the Gu's mansion. But most of the time, Jonas was the only one who used it. Because of this, Yulia didn't want to use it, and often had to go out to go to a different gym.
	"Yeah, sure. That's a great idea! Why didn't I think of that?" Nelson said. Since Nelson was eager about this plan, Melinda could not show her disapproval, and could only agree with a smile on her face.
	'This isn't like her at all. This must be some kind of trick,' Melinda thought.
	Yulia was indeed scheming against her. Since Melinda had been staying at home for these days, Yulia's plan could not be carried out. Meanwhile, Perry had said that Melinda was a tough nut to crack.
	Every single time, his flirting attempt with Melinda failed. Even when she appeared to be in a good mood, she would do nothing but sneer at him.
	That was why Yulia wanted to take Melinda out. Some things couldn't be done just through the phone.
Chapter 50 A Literary Salon
	Clients who frequented the club for exercises were either rich or powerful, and the coaches were professionals who were recognized by international bodies and had won all kinds of medals in competitions. The cost of a monthly fitness card was equivalent to the annual salary of an ordinary person, making the club exclusive for a very specific group of individuals.
	The equipment were high-tech and covered all kinds of exercises one could think of, so there were many classes. Most of the women who frequented the club preferred yoga classes so they were always full, and thus Yulia took Melinda with her to the spinning class which was less crowded.
	"Melinda, just take the bike behind me. It should be easier to ride as compared to the others which are faster."
	Actually, considering how unfit Melinda was, such a tiring kind of exercise was not good for her, especially for her first time in the gym. After just one class, she was so exhausted that she just plopped down on the nearest seat she could set her body on.
	There was a reason why the club was worth a pretty penny. The sofas in the rest area were made of genuine leather, and the rest areas were divided into different sections according to membership levels. This included all the machines used such as the treadmills, exercise bikes, weights, rowers, steppers and anything one could think of. There would be no shortage of gym supplies like the regular over populated gyms.
	Melinda's face was red from over-exerting herself, and sweat was still dripping on her forehead, while unruly strands of curly hair, which refused to stay in the tight bun she had held her hair in, stuck to her face.
	After a well needed rest and she drank two glasses of warm water, her breathing gradually calmed down. Although she was all sweaty and exhausted, she still felt refreshed and relaxed.
	Resting on the soft leather sofa with a pillow comfortably placed on her back, Melinda closed her eyes and took a nap ready for a run on the treadmill for half an hour.
	"Miss Mo, are you also here to exercise?"
	Perry exclaimed looking very surprised that Melinda was in that room. His exaggerated actions made him look even more awkward like a caricature. Handsome as he was, he was very thin and to make it worse, he wore tight sports outfits, which exposed his whole physique and honestly just made him very weak.
	The set of outfits he chose did not complement his body; if anything, they made him look frail and weak.
	When Melinda opened her eyes, she gave him a penetrating stare which made him squirm, because he felt as if she could see deep into his soul. When Perry looked at her eyes, he felt as if she had stripped him bear and could read all his secrets. He was an open book.
	After staring at each other for what felt like ages while it was only a few seconds they both cleared their throats at the same time trying to ease the embarrassing silence.
	"Mr. Yang,"
	Melinda greeted him lightly and did not intend to pursue his topic of conversation further. She was generally reserved especially when around strangers and would stay silent without feeling the need to say anything to break the silence. She only greeted him as a gesture of respect.
	"Mellie, do you mind if I shorten your name? Melinda is just so heavy to the mouth. I know a lot about physical fitness and how to get the best from the exercises. I can teach you, if you are interested," insisted Perry, totally ignoring Melinda's cold demeanor.
	He often went to the gym to pick up women and flirt with them. Since he had been frequenting gym so much, he felt that he was quite informed and knowledgeable based on what he had seen and read and could easily show Melinda a few things, despite not having any professional training.
	"Mr. Yang, I would prefer that you call me Miss Mo."
	'We don't even know each other! Why would you want to pretend to be so familiar with me?' Melinda ridiculed him in her heart and couldn't understand how the man had such a thick skin, although she didn't even lift her eyes to spare him a look.
	Perry decided to be selectively deaf ignoring Melinda and continued to call her Mellie as if she hadn't even talked. She was too tired to even argue much with him so she just let him have his way. She would respond to him from time to time when he talked pretending that she was listening to what he was saying.
	There was a small fitness area near the rest area, Perry went there to show off trying to impress Melinda. Yulia, who was watching them from quite a distance, broke into a wide smile.
	She knew it! She was proud that she had made the right decision to bring Melinda to the club. Asking her out was the best choice.
	However, how people view things is very relative. Although Perry had put in a lot of work and was looking great, Melinda soon grew bored and took a slow walk on the treadmill.
	The tight sports gear she was wearing showed off her well-toned body. She had reset her hair in a tight bun raised high on her head, with headphones to block out any external noise. Listening to her favorite light and slow music, she adjusted the rhythm and slowly walked on the treadmill.
	"Mellie, is that what you call running? Let me tell you, running..." Perry put down the weights in his hands and walked towards Melinda and stood in front of her trying to give her tips on how she should run. Melinda simply ignored him and silently turned up the volume of her music.
	'He nags like an old housewife, he is so persistent! Just ignore him,' she thought to herself.
	"This gentleman seems to know a lot about exercises. You must be very knowledgeable?"
	They heard a man's voice which sounded a little rough. Perry sharply turned and raised his head wondering who was interrupting his intense lesson. He saw a man who was about 190 centimeters tall and looked a little on the wild side. He had a well-trimmed beard although curved so sharply that it almost looked fake. His appearance was a total match to his rough and brittle voice.
	"I know a little."
	Although Perry's words were modest, his tone was arrogant. He had learned a lot just to arm himself with different techniques to pick girls. He always actually arrogantly thought that he was just as good as the so called fitness coaches.
	"I am new here and don't know much or where I should start. The coaches seem too busy at the moment, would you mind teaching me?"
	The man's eyes lit up and asked happily as he reached out and pulled Perry to the exercise area. Melinda clearly noticed the muscles on the tall man's arms, which were definitely not something a novice would have.
	What did he mean? How would he know nothing when he was built like a bull?
	Perry's petite figure of less than 1.8 meters, definitely made him look like a mini sized man next to the strong man.
	Melinda's face twitched into secret playful smile. She was a writer and had read quite a wide range of books, and after studying their interaction for a while, she came to the conclusion that the burly man had a crush on Perry.
	Melinda soon had a rhythm and a pretty much consistent schedule for coming to the gym. Every time she came to the gym to practice three or four times a week, she met Perry, who would always try to flirt with her, but the burly man would always magically appear needing some kind of help.
	Perry wanted to struggle, but his feeble pale body was no match against the strong man. The man always looked at Perry with warm sizzling eyes as if he was about to devour him right there and then.
	"Mr. Xu has recently developed a crush on this handsome young man, do you think his body is strong enough to withstand Mr. Xu?"
	"Don't underestimate him. He has a good physical strength despite looking tiny."
	"Isn't he always here trying to pick up girls? It's really unfortunate for him that Mr. Xu has developed a crush on him. I don't think he will let him off his sites that easily."
	Many of the clients and trainers who had been watching them from the sidelines were discussing his unfortunate situation. It was obvious that they were very familiar with this Mr. Xu. While Perry's face looked increasingly sullen with every revelation and speculation he heard.
	'He has a crush on me? This man is a gay?!' At the thought that the man he had been spending time with might be a gay, Perry felt his skin crawl and heaved as if he was about to puke his guts out. Mr. Xu was about to take him to see a new batch of fitness equipment, but at the thought of what he could be, his hairs stood on end and his body was filled with goose bumps. Perry shook off his hands from Mr. Xu's clutch and walked out of the gym awkwardly.
	"That's interesting."
	Melinda who had been watching the dramatic scene with interest mused. The plot was now reversed like a plot in a novel.
	Yulia's mood also drastically changed and her face looked thunderous. Her plan had been rudely put to a stop by a gay man. Perry had texted her, saying that he would never go to the gym again.
	"I'm going back home. Don't stop on my account, you can continue to practice and we will meet at home."
	Yulia looked at Mr. Xu indignantly and then left the gym with her bag. Looking at her receding back, Melinda was lost in thought.
	Without the annoying Perry, Melinda was able to accomplish her work out and went back home after half an hour in the gym. Maybe the exercise could really slow down the pressure she had been feeling of late. During this period, she had been sleeping better and her mood had also improved.
	The people around her saw the change in her, and they all agreed that this time Yulia was right and had actually helped Melinda. Yulia on the other hand was unable to express her sadness and she wasn't as excited for Melinda like everyone else.
	Yulia had meant to create more trouble for Melinda, but now her plan had backfired and instead Melinda was really better.
	But a good outcome out of the whole fiasco was that Nelson was in a good mood, so Yulia could easily get money from him, and therefore had enough money at her disposal. She had tried to contact Perry twice but he was always adamant that the gym was out of consideration for him, especially if that despicable man was there. He felt disgusted at the thought of seeing the gay man again.
	Perry had used his real identity to acquire the membership card. Mr. Xu who was very powerful had simply used his connections to get Perry's personal information and as a result, Perry had been staying at his friend's house for a few days trying to avoid his stalker.
	"Don't worry, I'll help you to deal with that Mr. Xu. I have sent you a document and I want you to study it carefully for the next two days."
	Mr. Xu was a powerful man although he rarely got involved in any compromising situations. Yulia couldn't find anything on him and had to take advantage of the power of the Gu family to deal with him. The most important thing for her right now was to deal with Melinda.
	"My lady, please deal with this man as soon as possible, I am tired of living in fear."
	Perry was already psychologically affected by this whole ordeal. He was highly offended that as a straight man, who liked to flirt with girls at any given opportunity, he had somehow attracted the attention of a gay man. He felt both sad and fearful.
	"Don't worry. Do you think I can't deal with a man like him? Stop acting like such a coward. Is this how you are going to behave when you seduce Melinda?" Yulia admonished him with disdain.
	Perry was a decent man and always gave a good impression, except he was always coward at the most critical moment.
	"Put yourself in my position, if you had been targeted by a woman, wouldn't you be acting the same way?"
	Perry said, displeased by Yulia's insinuation. He couldn't bear to be regarded as a coward. After thinking about Perry's argument, Yulia suddenly got goose bumps all over her body and shuddered at the thought of another woman hitting on her.
	"Alright. Let's not talk about these awful things. Don't embarrass us anymore," Yulia ordered.
	Thinking of the generous reward that he had been promised, Perry calmed himself down. The file Yulia gave him was about the literature salon. He was allergic to the word "literature" ever since he met Melinda.
	Her words were dripping with sarcasm and they really hurt.
	Perry kept hitting on Melinda, a task that was consuming all his energy and the little patience that he had. He never gave up even though he wasn't receiving any positive response until he mentioned that he knew some writers who were going to hold a literary salon.
	Melinda had taken part in similar salons with Kent before, and had gained a lot. Even though she didn't like Perry, she was still interested in salons.
	Seeing that Melinda was finally willing to talk to him, Perry had the illusion that he would soon be successful. Then he made up a story according to the scripts that Yulia had provided.
	That was right. Yulia also gave him a script, giving him details on how to act. She had anticipated all the questions that Melinda would ask, so fortunately, Perry had this information, or else he would have been dismissed within three minutes.
	After hesitating for a while, Melinda finally agreed to go to the salon. The salon was usually held at night, but Perry didn't tell her the exact location, and only asked her to meet him at a specific place. Melinda deliberately wore a small nondescript skirt to show her respect and not draw much attention to herself.
	Perry liked beauties, and Melinda was a beauty. The minute he spotted her, he couldn't take his eyes off her body. For the first time since he got involved in this crazy scheme, he actually thought that he had made a great deal with Yulia.
	Melinda didn't like how he was staring at her, he reminded her of a hunter seizing up his prey, so she deliberately kept a distance from Perry. She furrowed her brows more deeply after following him for a while and it didn't seem as if they were any closer to their destination.
	Generally, this kind of activity was held in a banquet hall, but when she looked around, no building in their vicinity looked like it could host a banquet hall.
	"Here we are," announced Perry triumphantly.
	Melinda raised her head to check out their destination and found that it was a restaurant.
	"Mr. Yang, I obviously overestimated your literacy on matters literature," Melinda mocked with a tight smile.
	This was not a salon, it was simply a guise to deceive her. Melinda didn't even give the man the chance to explain himself. She turned around and left, taking out her mobile phone to delete him from her WeChat.
	She had been wanting to do this for a long time.
Chapter 51 A Formal Dress
	Perry's plan to hook up with Melinda had completely failed. On top of that, he had also wasted a lot of money.
	"Miss Gu, when will you be taking the next step? Just so you know, I'm starting to get a bit low on cash. I barely have anything left to spend."
	Perry was used to do this kind of thing. Although he was a generous person, he was not willing to do specific tasks, especially when it was difficult to do. Quick and easy rewards were what he preferred the most.
	Every time he cooperated with Yulia, he would get at least ten grand. Perry expected that she would pay him more since he knew how rich she was. What was more, he was enjoying himself because Melinda was really quite beautiful.
	It was definitely a win for him since he was getting paid to flirt with her.
	"Go find something else to do! I don't need you anymore. Just so you know, you've done a terrible job!" Yulia sneered.
	"Miss Gu, no matter how bad I am, I can't possibly be worse than you. And don't think I don't know that Melinda is your sister-in-law,"
	Perry said, his tone low and threatening. When he first agreed to help Yulia, he was not aware of her relation with Melinda. It just so happened that he got so annoyed that he couldn't help but complain to his friends. That was when he found out about Melinda's identity. When he found out, his forehead was beading with cold sweat.
	Seducing Jonas's woman? He might as well have been digging his own grave for doing something like that!
	'Shit. How did he know about that?' Yulia thought, feeling cornered all of a sudden.
	"I'll give you 200,000. No one must know about this."
	"I expect you to transfer the money as soon as possible."
	Back then, Perry was the one who was always making calls because Yulia was the one who had the upper hand. The tables had now turned since she had got caught by him. To make sure that nothing would go wrong, she decided to pay him a lot of money without a second thought.
	In her world, there was nothing money couldn't solve.
	As the days went by, Nelson's birthday was getting closer. It was an understatement to say that it was an important event—absolutely nothing should go wrong.
	The Gu family had the highest status in A City. It went without saying that Nelson's birthday celebration was an incredibly important event. All the powerful businessmen in A City clamored to get invited.
	An invitation reflected greatly of their status symbol. Even if they couldn't get a chance to talk with Nelson personally, being invited was already a big deal.
	The banquet was to be held in the Gu family's main house. Nelson gave Melinda free rein and allowed her to prepare for it. She would do it with Gavin's assistance, and Jonas's help.
	For Jonas, the most important thing was to confirm the guest list. Melinda had little idea about these social relationships. The whole Gu family felt nervous as they prepared for Nelson's birthday banquet.
	Melinda held onto her optimism. When people arranged a banquet like this, they would make sure it was luxurious. But Melinda behaved differently. She wanted to prepare a warm banquet.
	Nelson adored her more than anyone else. He always thought that Melinda's choice was definitely the best one. And Jonas had always felt that his grandfather favored Melinda more.
	Besides Nelson's birthday banquet, Melinda was also busy with literature communication meetings. Now she had a certain amount of fans, and her popularity started to slightly overwhelm her.
	Melinda was occupied with all sorts of activities. With Gavin's help, however, the burden she carried was eased a little.
	"Jonas, can you accompany me for my check-up?"
	In the middle of the night, Melinda felt restless in her bed. She patted Jonas to try to wake him up. She acted spoiled, which was unusual for her. Jonas didn't find this pleasing and projected an indifferent look on his face.
	"Haven't you had your check-up several times already? Gavin is there. What are you so worried about? Why don't you go to bed and have a good rest so you won't be in low spirits tomorrow? People who don't know you might think that the Gu family has been abusing you."
	Melinda tossed and turned in bed, making it really hard for Jonas to fall asleep. He watched her busy herself and take a place in the literary field. Even though he wasn't saying anything, he was really happy for her.
	"I'm always worried,"
	Melinda said as she pursed her lips. Since Yulia didn't make things difficult for her, she felt afraid that she would do something bad to her during the banquet.
	Jonas turned on the light. Suddenly the dark bedroom was lit up. Blinded by the light, Melinda covered her eyes with her hand. Once her eyes got accustomed to the light, she was greeted by a gloomy face.
	"What are you worrying about?" Jonas asked.
	But Jonas already had a guess in his heart. In the Gu family, Melinda always had a grudge with several people. She always lacked a sense of security.
	"I don't know."
	Melinda lowered her head and decided that she didn't want to speak a word. What could she even do? Yulia was Jonas's younger sister, while she was just someone who Jonas didn't like.
	"Let's go."
	Jonas sighed as he heard this. He stood up and put on his coat. Melinda smiled as this felt like a surprise to her. As he noticed Melinda smiled like this, Jonas's mood lightened up.
	The two of them went to the banquet hall so they could check the place again before resting. If Jonas hadn't dragged her to go back to sleep, Melinda would have wanted to sleep at the banquet the whole night.
	The banquet was held in the evening. In the afternoon, the guests were arriving one after another at the Gu's mansion. The luxurious cars were parked in rows. It looked like a car show.
	Jonas returned to the villa in the afternoon. He was finally alone with Melinda in his own villa. Gavin was busy tending to the guests outside at the moment.
	"Jonas, didn't you think about giving Grandpa a gift?"
	"I've already prepared a gift,"
	Jonas coldly answered. Nelson had everything he needed. There was nothing else Jonas could give him. Every year, his birthday banquet was like a business party.
	"What's the gift?"
	It was easy to tell that William was the one who chose the gift. He didn't take it seriously at all. Melinda stared at Jonas with an arrogant look.
	"What did you get him? Grandpa wants a great grandchild the most. Are you going to tell him you're pregnant?"
	Jonas retorted. Melinda was left speechless after hearing what Jonas had just said. Her eyes grew bigger and her lips started to pout. But she thought that Jonas was telling the truth.
	"I drew a painting for him. You learned calligraphy, didn't you? Write something on it."
	Melinda took a deep breath and reminded herself not to be too particular with such a stupid man. It would do her harm if she fussed about it too much. Nelson had a lot of paintings and calligraphy. But this painting would feel different if they finished it together.
	Melinda had been preparing for this for quite some time now.
	This time, Jonas had no objections. When he looked at her painting, he was surprised. It wasn't as good, but it had good design, even in its tiniest details.
	After much thought, Jonas wrote down his grandfather's favorite poem on it. He was graceful and powerful. His writing seemed to give people a feeling of solemnity and strength.
	"Jonas, I recently learned how to bake."
	Melinda looked at the painting and calligraphy with great satisfaction. Then she looked at Jonas expectantly. The expression on Jonas's face changed a little, but he didn't want to disappoint her. At last, Melinda took Jonas to the cake room and made a small cake for Nelson.
	More and more guests arrived. Melinda and Jonas were already dressed up to greet the guests.
	In a kind of abstinent beauty, Jonas wore a silver gray suit and a low-key black tie. A tawny silk scarf was placed on his chest. The cuff link and brooch were luxurious but not too standoffish, emphasizing his nobleness.
	Next to him was Melinda, who was wearing a silver gray fishtail dress that perfectly showed her curvaceous figure. The jewelry on her body was in the same series with that on Jonas's. Arm in arm, both of them showed their love in front of the guests.
	"My face is getting stiff."
	Her face had started to twitch because of the smile she had been wearing the whole time. At that moment, Melinda envied Jonas so much that no one felt uncomfortable with his usual cold face.
	"That smile looks so awkward."
	He walked towards a quiet place. Seeing that she had swollen cheeks, Jonas couldn't help but poke her cheeks.
	"I am representing the Gu family today! Are you sure you want to insult me like this?"
	She slapped Jonas's hand and looked disgruntled. She never expected Jonas to talk nicely in this life.
	"You've lost a lot of face."
	Melinda ignored the fact that she was being sneered at and preceded to relax her facial nerves. The banquet had just begun. She had to maintain a smiling face today.
	"Melinda, why are you here? The guests are over there."
	Yulia came over while holding a plate full of pastries. She couldn't help but interrupt the two seeing that they were flirting with each other. Melinda saw the guests and noticed unfamiliar faces.
	Jonas was in charge of greeting the guests.
	"Why not come and... Ah!"
	Yulia screamed before she could finish her words. The pastries she was holding flew to Melinda. Luckily, she was able to hold a pillar as soon as she stumbled.
	Seeing that something flew over, Melinda quickly turned around and hid in front of Jonas's chest. Melinda's instincts to hold him cheered Jonas up.
	The silver gray dress looked conspicuous in the light. When the pastries were pushed down, the scene behind Melinda looked just like a movie.
	"Melinda, are you all right? I stumbled over the carpet. I'm so sorry."
	But, Yulia's face didn't look apologetic at all. She obviously did it on purpose. Being the bigger person, Melinda knew it was inappropriate to fight there.
	It was just that she didn't have an extra dress to wear.
	"Yulia, you'd better stay in the bedroom if you can't even walk properly. Don't come out and make a fool of yourself."
	Jonas's voice was so cold that Yulia started to look pale. Melinda wasn't in the mood to care about it until her hand was held by a pair of hands.
	"Let me take you to change your dress,"
	Jonas said. Melinda, who was still in a trance, followed him. She was shocked when she saw the gorgeous starry sky dress.
	Under the light, the starry sky dress was like a spotlight. As soon as she saw it, Melinda fell in love with the dress.
	"Did you prepare this?"
	Melinda asked in surprise. The look on Jonas's face was unnatural. He cleaned his throat and said, "It's the latest style in the shop."
	In truth, this was the dress that Jonas bought when he passed by a shopping mall. He thought that it suited Melinda well. Now that he found a chance for Melinda to wear it, he didn't hesitate to show Melinda the dress.
	Today was a good opportunity. Melinda, in that dress, didn't disappoint Jonas.
Chapter 52 The Gift
	The dress looked even more alluring as the light hit hundreds of the tiny crystals sewn into the fabric. It looked like the Milky Way was glittering all over Melinda’s body.
	It hugged her every curve, the skirt flaring out at the bottom and swaying at her every step. Her figure gave a sensuous edge to the dress, which was perfectly tempered by her naturally gentle demeanor.
	She looked like an accidental temptress who was completely unaware of her lethal beauty.
	Jonas was smiling when she walked out of the fitting room, but his eyes had a dangerous, hungry glint to them.
	"It’s so beautiful!" Melinda ran a hand over the bodice of the dress as she checked herself in the mirror.
	It truly was a piece of art, and as she gazed at her reflection, she briefly fantasized that she was a goddess who had descended upon the mortal world. This was without a doubt even more luxurious than the previous dress.
	When the couple returned hand in hand to the banquet hall, all eyes immediately fell on Melinda. Women, in particular, eyed her with venomous envy, Yulia included.
	She had fancied this very dress when she saw it on display, but she couldn’t afford it. It was, after all, the only one of its kind.
	She had not lamented the loss of the dress since she couldn’t help letting it go, but now the damn dress was on Melinda, and so was everyone’s attention.
	Melinda, on the other hand, was squirming inside. She wasn’t used to being the focus of such massive and rapt attention. She felt awkward and embarrassed, and moved a little closer to Jonas.
	He gave her hand a little squeeze. "Chin up, chest out, and smile."
	His words lent Melinda some confidence, and she heeded his words. When they stood side by side, they were the picture of a perfect couple.
	To those who didn’t know Melinda personally, she had been nothing but a wife who was unloved by her husband. But now people were doubting their presumptions, since there was no mistaking the doting tenderness in Jonas’s eyes.
	At this point all of the invited guests had already arrived, and the couple walked up to Nelson. The elder was wearing a traditional red suit, which only served to emphasize his festive mood.
	He was mostly pleased with the obvious affection between the young couple. Nelson took Melinda’s hand and guided her around the room, taking his time in introducing her, with no small amount of pride, to those in attendance.
	By the time the evening was over, nobody would ever mistake Melinda as anything else but a beloved member of the Gu family.
	As the evening progressed, Melinda took Nelson aside. "Grandpa, Jonas and I have prepared a little present for you."
	She gave the old man a little secret smile, which only made him curious. Jonas nodded to a couple of servants, and a painting was brought into the room. "It is but a small thing, Grandpa, we hope you wouldn’t mind."
	When the painting was unveiled, it arrested the attention of everyone in the room. Nelson himself was wearing a pleased grin, and Jonas was beaming at Melinda.
	It was clear that she painted it herself. The people milling around the painting began to praise her talents, while the two men in her life were nodding contentedly behind her.
	In a far corner of the room, Yulia was seething. She happened to also have prepared a painting for her grandfather, only she bought the damn thing.
	If she were to present it in the wake of Melinda’s ridiculous display, then she would only embarrass herself. She couldn’t stand how things were turning out; even now that bitch was surrounded by everyone.
	Yulia slowly approached the circle that gathered around the couple, and without any warning she forcefully pushed the man near the front. The man lost his balance, and was soon hurtling towards Melinda.
	Jonas didn’t miss a beat. With a subtle movement, he swept Melinda to the side, out of the man’s way.
	The poor man sprawled into the floor, and when he raised his head to try to get up, his face was red with fury and mortification.
	"Who pushed me?!" the man shouted as he looked back to where he stood only moments ago. The people in that area only looked at each other; they hadn’t seen anyone push the man.
	In the end they all tried to cajole him until his mood improved, and that small incident luckily didn’t dampen the fun of the party.
	Unbeknownst to everyone, there was someone who knew who the culprit was. Jonas saw everything that transpired, and he glared at the direction where Yulia excused herself.
	Beside him Melinda was shaking a little. She had a fairly good idea who might have pushed that man. There were very few people who would love to see her make a fool of herself in public after all.
	Jonas tightened his hold around her waist. "Stay with me."
	As much as he wanted to take Melinda away from any further mess, there were still a good number of people that needed to be greeted for tonight.
	He stirred his wife among the throng, and this arrangement brought great comfort to Melinda’s nerves.
	It was a brief respite, however, because it was soon time for them to dance the first dance. Melinda’s nerves began to spiral again; she didn’t want to make any mistakes and drag Jonas into an embarrassing spectacle she might orchestrate.
	Fortunately for her, there was nothing to worry about at all. Jonas was a splendid dancer, and he led Melinda with ease. They were a sight to behold, a beautiful man and woman swaying with grace and elegance.
	While seeming unperturbed, Jonas was in fact feeling on edge since earlier that night. Now that Melinda was in his arms, he could barely contain himself.
	His wife, on the other hand, was keenly aware of all the stares from their audience. By the end of the dance her face was blushing a furious red in the midst of everyone’s applause.
	Jonas hadn’t let go of her yet, and she grabbed the opportunity to bury her face in his chest.
	She felt the deep rumble of his quiet laughter. He perched his chin on top of her head. "What’s this, are you shy?"
	Melinda knew he would only tease her about, so she immediately stepped back even though her face was still burning. "No, I’m not. I’m just tired! My feet hurt, let’s head inside."
	She was looking a little sulky again, and Jonas felt an irresistible urge to kiss her pouting lips. His grandfather’s laughter thankfully pulled him back to his senses, and he offered his hand to Melinda and walked her off the dance floor.
	When they returned to Nelson’s side, the people flocked to them yet again, gushing about how perfectly suited they were with each other. The elder man was grinning with pleasure the entire time.
	Meanwhile, in another part of the mansion, Yulia stormed into her bedroom. After that failed fiasco, she made a few brief greetings for formality’s sake, and then retired for the night.
	The servants she ran into all scurried away when they caught sight of her thunderous face. They were well aware just how monstrous her temper could be.
	The moment her bedroom door shut she started throwing things, her muffled screams still audible through the empty hall.
	When she was done, she plopped on her bed. Her pillows and doll collection were all strewn across the floor.
	To say she was angry would be an understatement. Yulia was consumed with envy and fury. Tonight was supposed to be the time she knocked that bitch Melinda off a few notches, but the complete opposite happened.
	Now Melinda was in the limelight, and she was again brushed off to the side, where she had been all her life. She grabbed one of her pillows and smacked it with her fist. "Melinda that bitch! She has to die!"
	Yulia had a maniacal look on her face; whatever sweet, gentle facade she wore in front of others was long gone. Her hair was a mess from where she pulled during her little rampage.
	Her clutch on the pillow was getting firmer and tighter as she fantasized about making Melinda disappear, when a sudden knock on the door pulled her out of her trance.
	"Who is it?" she yelled.
	There was a pause from the other side before a smooth male voice answered. "I am someone who has known about you for a while now, Miss Gu. I was hoping I might finally make a friend today."
	There was a charismatic touch to his voice, and Yulia hesitated only for a moment before clearing out a path in her whirlwind of a room and making a little effort to tidy her hair.
	After all that had transpired that evening, she was no longer expecting anyone to notice her, let alone come after her.
	She opened the door to a tall young man. He was dressed in a black suit, which complimented his figure and straight posture very well. He had a gentle smile, the reassuring kind, the kind that made people like him after the first meeting.
	He was holding a small box in one hand, and as he turned to Yulia, she noticed a hint of shrewdness dancing in his eyes, hidden ever so slightly beneath his glasses.
	"Miss Gu." He gave a little bow in greeting. "How gracious of you to accommodate me under these unexpected circumstances. This is a present for you, I hope you will like it."
	He handed it to Yulia, grinning as the girl’s eyes lit up.
	"Thank you, but I’m afraid I cannot take it," Yulia said demurely, fluttering her lashes in an effort to appear timid and reserved. In truth she was itching to snatch the box and pry it open.
	"Oh dear," the man said with a feigned frown, completely in synch with the little game the girl was playing. "Well I got it especially for you. If you will not accept it then I fear I wouldn’t know what I’m to do with it."
	Despite herself, Yulia felt flattered, and a little blush crept onto her cheeks as she reached for the box. "Well, we can’t have that, can we? Come in and take a seat."
	He strode into the room with the air of an elegant rich man used to getting his way. He seated himself on a small sofa in the corner, and Yulia sat on a chair across him. She opened the box, and in it a dainty bracelet was nestled. "I love it! Thank you," she sighed, and hurriedly fastened it around her wrist.
	She admired it against her skin for a few seconds before collecting herself. "I’m sorry, you said you know me?"
	"I do," the man flashed another of his smiles. "You rather surprised me back there at the banquet." He was sitting with his legs crossed, one arm draped over the back of the sofa.
	The way he was leaning back had a languid quality to it, and Yulia couldn’t help but ogle the man. Not only was he handsome and charming, but he was openly expressing his interest in her.
	This man obviously had perfect taste, seeing as how he wasn’t swayed by Melinda’s good two shoes facade. It had been a while since Yulia last enjoyed this kind of attention, and she was going to milk every last drop.
	"You seem to be in a bad mood, yes?" the man asked. The question made Yulia recall all that happened, starting with the ruined dress.
	She grimaced, then quickly smoothed her expression and gave him a fake little grin as she shook her head. The man pounced on that little play on her face.
	"You know, just because you’re a female, it doesn’t mean you should go to great lengths to cover up how you feel. Being angry is a matter of course. It’s bad if you bottle up your emotions. Well, I’m not exactly sure if my words can lend you some comfort, but let me tell you something interesting."
	The man settled on the sofa and began telling stories that amused Yulia. He was charming, and clever, and she hung to his every word.
	They were interrupted when the man’s cell phone suddenly rang. He raised a finger to excuse himself and glanced at his phone’s screen.
	"I’m terribly sorry, Miss Gu, but I’m afraid my friend wants to see me immediately." He rose from his seat, and so did Yulia.
	He took her hand and gave it a little peck. "It’s been such a pleasure. I hope we meet again soon." And with that, he left the room, just as suddenly as he’d entered it.
	Yulia followed him to the door and stared at his retreating back, feeling no small amount of regret at his departure. She milled about her doorway for a few moments, biting her lip, before deciding to head back down to the banquet hall.
	The party was lively as ever. Melinda and Jonas were seated at a chaise longue near the French windows, taking some respite from all the mingling and socializing.
	Jonas had been especially attentive to his wife, holding her glass for her when necessary. Their intimacy sparked in anyone who was watching.
	The moment Melinda caught sight of Yulia striding back into the hall, she unconsciously grabbed at Jonas’s sleeve. He turned to her, saw her wide and alarmed eyes, and then turned to see what put her in such a fit. His sister was stomping her way around, her face wearing a mask of brood as she scanned the hall.
	Yulia was looking for her mysterious night guest. She had gone over the faces in attendance twice now, and she still did not find him.
	Was it all an illusion? Was she so angry that her mind started to play tricks on her? But the bracelet around her wrist was proof she hadn’t been imagining the rendezvous.
	Feeling defeated, she walked to the edge of the hall, wandering aimlessly until she found herself in front of one of the large windows that opened to the garden outside.
	'He said he was leaving to meet with his friend. If they aren’t here in the banquet hall, then he must be outside.'
	She sneaked her way out, careful not to get noticed by any of the guests. She went past the garden, and was nearing the gates when she finally saw him.
	She made no attempt to hide the fact that she had been looking at him, and came up to him with a small, expectant smile.
	"Why are you out here?" the man asked.
	"It’s too stuffy inside," Yulia answered with a stupid grin.
	They both know it was a poor excuse, but Yulia didn’t offer to elaborate further, and the man didn’t bother to question her either.
Chapter 53 Yulia's Boyfriend
	"Are you leaving?"
	Yulia asked with a hint of regret when she saw the man holding his car keys in his hand.
	"Unfortunately my friend has been looking for me, urgently trying to communicate with me so I have to go home now. I'm sorry that I can't accompany you," said the man looking guilty.
	Meanwhile, although he was looking sorry, his eyes were looking straight into Yulia's eyes, as if he was trying to communicate something to her. Yulia bit her lips while wringing her hands and turned to look at the main villa.
	When she thought of Melinda, she really didn't want to go back to the banquet hall at all, because no one cared about her existence anyway.
	"Can... can I go with you?"
	Yulia asked after some hesitation. She liked hanging around the man because he gave her a sense of comfort and always took her seriously. He treated her as if she mattered.
	"Are you sure you don't want to go back to the banquet?"
	The man gave her a penetrating stare. His eyes seemed to see right through her thoughts at a glance. She nodded shyly, and said looking aggrieved, "I don't want to stay there at all.
	"I'm going out for a drink with a few friends. Are you sure you are okay with that?"
	The man suddenly walked up and touched Yulia's head, as if trying to comfort her. Such intimate behavior as if they were familiar with each other made Yulia blush. Then she threw caution to the wind and put her arms around the man's waist and said, "Take me away with you, please."
	His chest did not disappoint. It was as warm as she had imagined, and he didn't refuse her request. She was sure that this person really must like her. She couldn't help but give a secret smile marveling at how lucky she was.
	"Alright, let's go," the man said as he tagged Yulia's hand, leading her to the car.
	Once Yulia got into the car, he made sure she was comfortable before he fastened her seat belt for her carefully.
	"I don't know anything about you, at least tell me your name for starters."
	Yulia had been so happy with all the attention she was receiving; she was in cloud nine, and had even forgotten to ask for his name. The man smiled exposing his well-lined teeth, fit for a toothpaste advert and said, "My name is Alan Lu."
	"Alan?"
	"What?"
	Alan Lu looked at Yulia in confusion, while she was giggling and grinning like a Cheshire cat. The car was soon started and smoothly left the Gu's mansion, gaining power as it cruised down the freeway. Yulia was not worried that they were not talking to each other. She was very comfortable with the silence as long as she was sitting beside Alan Lu. She kept smiling the whole time until they reached their destination.
	Several of Alan Lu’s friends were at the bar. As soon as he walked hand in hand with Yulia, they teased the two of them for a while as if it was not an everyday occurrence for Alan Lu to show up with a girl. Yulia was still adjusting to meeting so many strangers so she stayed quiet beside Alan Lu.
	They started playing dice while Alan Lu drank as fast as he was playing, although he prevented Yulia from drinking as much. Soon he was too drunk to even hold his head up so he leaned on Yulia, and took a nap.
	Yulia did not mind such intimate behavior and hoped for more.
	The rest of his friends continued drinking and watching the show without giving them a single thought until it was past 1 a.m. before they started leaving one by one, each for their own direction. Before they left they would look at the two curiously as if just noticing that they were still there.
	Yulia was getting drowsy and tired so Yulia took Alan Lu to the nearest hotel and booked the two of them a room. As soon as they got into the room, they both slumped into the bed at the same time. Yulia fell on Alan Lu who she had been struggling to hold upright and could barely move. Once it registered in her mind that she was actually on top of Alan Lu, she gingerly put her hands on his abdomen making provocative movements, trying to see if she could turn him on despite his drunken stupor.
	Alan Lu sharply held his breath and stopped Yulia's hand from moving further.
	"Miss Gu, need to take a shower fast."
	Yulia knew that Alan Lu was rejecting her offer. He sounded more sober than she had assumed he was. Her face turned pale from embarrassment, but before she could apologize, she heard Alan Lu say, "We will have a better chance in the future."
	The double meaning of his words was clearly reflected in the soft look that he gave her, and Yulia was instantly appeased. She had been a little embarrassed by her daring actions, but now she felt better as if she had gotten a new leash in life.
	Yulia wrapped her arms around Alan Lu's waist and said softly, "Please call me Yulia."
	"Yulia, please stop, I'm afraid if you continue what you are doing, I won't be able to control myself anymore." She wanted to say that it didn't matter if he couldn't control himself, but she softened when she saw the look of desperation in his eyes and how much respect he had for her.
	"Okay."
	Yulia kissed him lightly on the left cheek, then went back and tucked herself into bed. She always thought that all men were kind and treated women well just for sex, but Alan Lu was different.
	After taking a shower, Alan Lu sobered up a lot. He hailed a taxi for Yulia and sent her home after profusely apologizing for his unbecoming behavior.
	When Yulia got home, she arrived right on time just as Melinda was taking out the cake that she and Jonas had made. Nelson was over the moon since they had spent such a long time with him. He had a big smile permanently plastered on his face.
	Yulia stayed there with them burning with the need to ask who Alan Lu really was, but she held back. Eventually, she went to the dining room early the next morning and asked Nelson who was having breakfast by himself.
	"Alan Lu? Oh, he must be among the group of people who had started their own business in recent years. He is quite famous in the Information Technology industry although I don't know much about that. Your brother may be better placed to give you more information about that industry."
	Nelson wasn't familiar with what the young people were doing nowadays, but he was still impressed by their success and their business acumen. Yulia became even more attracted to Alan Lu when she heard what her grandfather had to say about him. Her grandfather was never easily impressed and a person who started a business on his own without any external help must be very outstanding.
	"Why do you ask, how come you are so interested in this guy?"
	Nelson studied Yulia looking confused while Yulia tried to hurriedly avoid making any eye contact with him. "I heard a few people talking about him last night, and I got curious," she said perfunctorily.
	Yulia then continued asking more questions about Alan Lu, interrogating her grandfather as if she was the FBI, although Nelson wasn't paying much attention. He finally realized she wasn't going to stop asking so he asked Gavin to collect some useful information for her.
	Armed with the information she had collected from Gavin, Yulia went to Aner Electronic Technology Company. She curiously looked around the company that had a modern electric feeling, giving off the vibes that it was definitely owned by a young person. She then walked to the front desk going for what she wanted.
	"Hello, I'm Yulia Gu from Soaring Group. I am here to see Alan Lu."
	Knowing clearly that she couldn't just walk into people's offices without an appointment, Yulia introduced herself giving her identity. As soon as she heard who Yulia was, the receptionist immediately made a call to Alan Lu's office.
	"Miss Gu, the boss's office is on the seventh floor, the secretary will be waiting for you as soon as you step out of the elevator, to show you to his office."
	The receptionist gave her very clear directions and it was only after Yulia had left that she stopped and wondered when their company had anything to do with Soaring Group.
	On the seventh floor, a secretary came to receive her with a professional smile.
	"Miss Gu, our boss is still in a meeting. Please wait for a moment," said the secretary. Then she brought a cup of tea for Yulia, who was the only one left in the office at that moment.
	Yulia carefully inspected the office with a lot of curiosity. The office was very minimalist, with not too many colors. It mainly had black and white colors and was instead decorated with many brand names of various major electronic brands that some she could identify, while others she wasn't very familiar with. They must have been international brands.
	Alan Lu had bloodshot eyes and was gently rubbing the back of his neck as he twisted it left and right trying to loosen up the kinks as he walked into his office. He always felt exhausted and uncomfortable after a night out and the subsequent hangover.
	"Yulia."
	A faint smile slowly spread across his face lighting up the whole room as soon as he saw her. "I'm sorry for keeping you waiting for so long," said Alan Lu apologetically.
	"Ohh don't worry, I hope I didn't disturb you too much by coming to see you with such short notice?"
	"No, not really, I'm very happy that you came."
	The smile on Yulia's face got bigger. She knew that Alan Lu must really like her for him to dot on her so much and allow her such liberties.
	"How about I show you around the company?"
	As Alan Lu spoke, Yulia nodded her head excitedly. Alan Lu's company hadn't gone large scale yet since it had been developed in the last two years. Most of his employees were in the IT industry and were young people who looked like technology geeks. As a result, Yulia had a new understanding of how things worked.
	Yulia had a serious crush on Alan Lu, and liked him more, the more time she spent with him. She would come to Aner Electronic Technology Company anytime she was free and was soon a frequent fixture in the company. Everyone in the company was familiar with her, and her relationship to their boss although they weren't very clear on how to classify them.
	Alan Lu was a romantic man and Yulia was overwhelmed by his numerous surprises that would come from time to time and totally fell in love with him.
	"Alan, let's have dinner at my house today."
	Yulia had grown more and more fond of Alan Lu with every passing time that she spent with him. In her eyes, Alan Lu was a knowledgeable, talented, and capable person who even owned his own business. He was perfect for her.
	"I don't think this is a good idea," Alan Lu said hesitantly.
	Their relationship had been developing so fast that they were close to taking the last step since Yulia was so eager to be officially together with him.
	"Alan, I want you to meet my family. Grandpa praised you before when I asked him about you and I am sure that he will like you."
	She wanted to make sure that Alan Lu was acknowledged by her family, so that she could further develop their relationship with Alan Lu. Yulia didn't bother to hide her real intentions.
	"Yulia, I don't think I am good enough for you."
	Alan Lu was not confident about himself and whether he was in Yulia's league although she kept comforting him and assured him that Nelson would like him.
	"Well, okay, I will only go with you if you accompany me to buy gifts for your family since I don't know what Grandpa and the others will like."
	After Alan Lu agreed to a compromise, Yulia was so excited that she kept jumping in short fast steps around him, before giving him a tight hug. She took him to buy gifts happily and informed Gavin that she would be taking a guest for dinner and it was very important.
	Nelson didn't know who the person was, but he still informed Jonas and Melinda to make sure that they were back home for dinner. Dinner was for entertaining guests. When they saw that it was a man that Yulia had invited for dinner, they all cordially said hello although they had reserved expressions on their faces.
	"Grandpa, this is my boyfriend."
	Yulia introduced Alan Lu to Nelson but Nelson didn't say anything except look at Alan Lu with sharp eyes. So Alan Lu took his silence as his cue to start talking and give out his gifts.
	"Grandpa, I'm sorry to visit you without an appointment. This is a gift I prepared for you. I hope you will like it."
	"Take a seat, please. Gavin, ask the servants to start serving dinner."
	Gavin accepted the gift on behalf of Nelson. Alan Lu then bought all the gifts for everyone with great care. Even Jonas and Melinda received gifts.
	Nelson had always wanted Yulia to find a boyfriend. Now that she had gotten one, he didn't say much. He wasn't opposed to his presence, he just needed to get to know him well before he accepted him for his granddaughter's boyfriend.
	"Aner Electronic Technology Company?" said Nelson aloud.
	He felt as if the name was familiar before he remembered that Yulia had previously grilled him about this man relentlessly until he had to ask Gavin to help her out. It turned out that the young man Yulia had been interested in, was the man right in front of him. He looked nice, but Nelson needed time to know exactly how he was.
	Jonas generally paid little attention to Yulia, but he was still interested in the man his sister was dating. The man was an IT guru, and the topics they were talking about were more IT oriented, since it was also an area of interest for Jonas.
	Melinda didn't understand much what they were talking about, so she just ate quietly without bothering to embarrass herself by contributing to topics that she had no clue and were of no interest to her. She, however, noticed that Jonas's face was not as animated as usual; if anything; he seemed gloomy and kept getting annoyed by the minute. She was a little curious to find out what was affecting his mood so much.
	"What's wrong? Don't you like him?"
	Melinda asked Jonas after Alan Lu left.
	"He should be an expert in the IT industry, but when I asked him some questions on IT, his answers were all wrong."
	What Jonas said shocked Melinda. Didn't he say that he was an expert in the IT field? He shouldn't perform so badly when asked a few questions by Jonas. Now she understood why there was something wrong with Jonas's expression earlier.
	"Do you think he is lying about his background?"
	Jonas didn't reply, but his actions thereafter explained everything. He had asked William to send someone to investigate Alan Lu secretly.
	"Is it appropriate for you to do that?"
	Melinda asked. Jonas didn't think that he had done anything wrong. If there was something wrong with Alan Lu, it would just be more problems for him.
	"I will only be at ease once I do my own investigation and everything is clear," answered Jonas, while still in deep thought.
	Melinda didn't say anything. She didn't want to get involved; if anything, she'd better stay away from Yulia's issues.
	However, no matter how secretive William had been, Yulia finally got to hear about it. She heard that her brother was doubting her beloved man, so Yulia had gone to confront Jonas without thinking.
Chapter 54 A Car Rental Company
	"Jonas, why are you investigating Alan in private?"
	"Something doesn't seem right with Alan's story. I would advise you not to invest yourself too much on this relationship," said Jonas coldly.
	He really didn't take into account Yulia's feelings or care that she had found out that he was investigating her boyfriend. Furthermore, reports from his investigations indicated that something was wrong with Aner Electronic Technology Company, but he didn't have sufficient time to dig deeper and pin point the issue, so he couldn't get any useful information within such a short time.
	"Jonas, he is my boyfriend, my future husband for goodness sake, you can't treat him like a common criminal."
	Yulia was head over heels in love with Alan and whatever Alan did or said was law. So she didn't like that her brother was slandering his name and didn't even want to give him time to explain himself.
	"I am not trying to be unnecessarily mean to you or him," Jonas said indifferently.
	'It's such a tragedy to have such a brother who handles sensitive issues so casually,' thought Melinda who had been sitting beside Jonas, quietly listening to their exchange. She felt pity for Yulia.
	"Jonas, I will not allow you to do this to my future husband anymore. I want you to stop the investigation immediately."
	Yulia was so angry that she had completely forgotten that Jonas didn't like threats. Her warning had no effect on him at all.
	"Yulia, you have to realize that you are a member of the Gu family. That means that you get to enjoy all the honor and benefits that comes with the Gu name, but you also have to be responsible and protect the name. You can't go picking up any Tom, Dick and Harry and bring garbage to this house."
	While listening to their confrontation, Melinda realized that Jonas must been very polite to her, considering that he was now unapologetically referring to Alan as garbage.
	"How can you be so rude and abuse Alan? Jonas, I will only marry Alan and no one else as long as I am alive. You can't stop us."
	Melinda looked at Yulia, and her determined look reminded Melinda of when she was blindly in love.
	"Whatever."
	The atmosphere was suddenly tense as Jonas dismissed his sister's concerns and abruptly ended the discussion. Yulia stomped out of the living room and went back to her bedroom throwing her belongings haphazardly into her suitcases in anger.
	Everyone in the Gu's mansion was shocked by the dramatic scene. When they saw Yulia struggling with her luggage and stuffing them in the car, Jonas said nothing, but with closer examination, Melinda noticed that it looked as if he was thinking his sister was making a "stupid" decision.
	Feeling sorry for Alan and wronged by her brother, Yulia went to Alan's home with her luggage. The moment she saw Alan, she cried,
	"Alan."
	"What happened, my little Princess? Why are you in such a state? Come on, don't cry."
	Alan gently rubbed his thumb across Yulia's cheek, trying to wipe her tears which were trickling like a waterfall, before removing his handkerchief and wiping her face. Then he tagged her hand by the elbow and pulled her to the house. Yulia cried more when he showed her kindness and told him everything that had happened, in between hiccups and wailing. It was a wonder that Alan actually understood what she was saying. She, however, did not inform him that Jonas was carrying out an investigation on him.
	"Silly girl, am I really worth quarreling and having a disagreement with your family?"
	Alan had expected that this would happen at any time, but he didn't expect that it would happen so soon. Seeing that Yulia trusted him so much, Alan felt relieved.
	As long as he had control over Yulia, he didn't have to worry about the future. Everything would work out fine.
	"You are worth everything."
	Yulia looked at Alan with teary eyes sincerely showing how much she cared about him. The man in front of her had been so kind to her that she had never received so much attention in her whole life.
	"Don't worry, this is your home now," said Alan. He directly took Yulia to the master bedroom while carrying in her luggage. His house was not big by rich people's standards, and there were two bedrooms and one living room. The entire house was not much bigger than Yulia's bedroom, but she was still very happy just to be with him.
	"Thank you Alan for your hospitality," said Yulia.
	Alan comforted her, and then advised her not to be too angry and stiff with her family.
	"Alan, I'm scared."
	Seeing that Alan was busy transferring his clothes to the guest bedroom, Yulia reached out and grabbed the ends of his shirt tails. Alan stopped and looked at her helplessly.
	"Yulia, you must be tired. Have a good rest and then we can talk afterwards."
	Yulia held on to Alan's hand tightly, not willing to let him go.
	"Come on, be a good girl."
	Yulia believed that Alan would never consummate their relationship, because she assumed that he was a very principled person. She thought that he would never agree for them to cross that line before they got married, which convinced Yulia even more that he was the perfect husband.
	"Alan, shall we get married?" asked Yulia out of the blue.
	Girls were rare bold enough to propose marriage, but Yulia was different. She didn't even realize that it was something that was frowned upon within society. She only thought that as long as she married him, Alan would completely belong to her.
	"Yulia, I can't afford to provide for you a comfortable life like the Gu family does."
	Yulia hugged Alan tightly and didn't care about money or any of the things he was talking about as long as she was with him.
	"I don't mind living a poor life. Alan, marry me. I want to be your bride."
	"Okay."
	Yulia moved into Alan's home and after staying with him for a while and getting over her anger with her brother, she wanted to take Alan to the Gu family again. But there never seemed to be good time. Alan was always busy at the company working for long hours. He explained to Yulia that the company was still trying to create a niche for itself within the market, and therefore he was always busy attending one meeting after the other.
	So they delayed the meeting.
	Melinda was going to a small party on that day, with several new writers from several websites. The party was very lively. A group of people talked about their writing, and then proposed that they should have dinner at a nearby shopping mall.
	"Melinda, would you like to join us?"
	a young woman asked Melinda. She had started writing about the same time as Melinda although she now had a massive following since she wrote novels that focused on immortal martial arts which were very popular.
	"Okay, I'll wait for you there."
	The woman's car was parked in the parking lot right where Melinda was waiting for her with something in her hand. It was the bustling downtown area which was very crowded and everyone seemed to be in a hurry.
	Melinda liked to observe life, but her eyes suddenly concentrated on one single individual and paid more attention to him than she usually would.
	The man was wearing a black suit, a pair of well-polished leather shoes, and waxed hair. Wearing glasses on the bridge of his nose, he looked like a refined scholar. At a glance, Melinda recognized him as Yulia's boyfriend.
	Yulia had bitterly argued with Jonas, and even ran away from home for this man.
	Alan walked hurriedly and got into the sports car. Although it was a convertible, the top wasn't open and there was a man on the driver's seat. His clothes looked like a uniform.
	At first, Melinda thought that he was an employee of Alan's company, but the conversation she vaguely heard was strange.
	Alan was talking with the man and asking about the price.
	"I have been your regular customer. Can't you give me a discount?"
	Recently, Alan had spent a lot of money trying to hook up Yulia and so he had no more liquid cash. He had planned to get money from Yulia after reeling her in and giving her a few days.
	As for his going to the Gu family, he had decided that he would stall as much as possible and not go there for now. The last time he had gone there, he was scared into a cold sweat and nearly got caught. Jonas had been his greatest fear. The expression on Jonas's eyes was really frightening clearly indicating that he doubted him and he asked very sharp questions, causing he to nearly give himself away.
	For the last few days, he had been living on egg shells, afraid of being found out. He was very relieved when Yulia came to him with her luggage and left her home. It at least gave him more time to put his plan into action.
	"Mr. Lu, you are just going to borrow the car and try to put on an act. Why do you care how much it costs? We are old acquaintance and you know the rules of our store," said the man, pouting, not very impressed by Alan's questions.
	Alan was indeed a regular customer here, but he was not a good person. The man often saw him carry different girls in the various kinds of cars that he rented posing as if he owned them.
	He was basically a refined scum.
	"Okay, that's enough. Can we go now?" Alan said impatiently.
	The man slowly started the car and drove into the underground parking lot. Seeing this, Melinda put away her mobile phone and quietly followed them. She had taken a lot of pictures because she felt that something was not right based on their conversation. Thinking of Jonas's suspicion, she felt that there was indeed something fishy about Alan.
	Today Alan needed to use the car urgently, so the location of the transaction changed temporarily. They had already come to an agreement on the terms and conditions so for now it was just the handover procedure. Alan, who had to pay hundreds of thousands of deposit, was distressed and he was acting up taking out his anger on the driver.
	The person didn't mind and he wasn't bothered much, as long as he was getting his money. After getting all the procedures done, he gave Alan the key and left. He even put some business cards in the rear view mirrors of other several ordinary cars in case they would ever need his services.
	It was not until Alan started the car and drove away that Melinda came out from behind a pillar aside. She picked up a business card at random. When she saw the company name on the card, she opened her eyes as wide as a marble, shocked.
	A car rental company? Alan rented his car. Didn't he say that he had his own company? Moreover, he said that his company's prospect was prosperous. Why did he need to rent a car?
	Melinda was lost in thought, when she heard a car horn from the left side which startled her out of her reverie. It was from the former author.
	"Why did you go downstairs and we had agreed on the ground floor?"
	"Sorry, I have something to deal with urgently, I don't even think I can join you guys for dinner. Please pass my apologies to the others."
	Full of doubts, Melinda just wanted to figure out the truth. Seeing that Melinda was really in a hurry, the author asked if she needed any kind of help. Melinda shook her head and only let her pass her sincere apologies to the group.
	Melinda searched the location of the car rental company online and then took a taxi to their offices. The location was not big, and the cars were usually packed in the garage behind their offices.
	"Miss, how can I help you? Do you need to rent a car?"
	The receptionist greeted Melinda with a sweet smile. Seeing that she was dressed up in expensive clothes, the receptionist became curious. 'She must be a rich woman. Her clothes are expensive enough to buy a car. Why does she need to rent a car when she looks like she can comfortably afford her own?' the receptionist wondered.
	"I want to talk to your boss about an important deal,"
	Melinda spoke as if she had a wealth of money, pretending to be very rich, but in her heart, she was worried how she was going to broach the subject about Alan. The car rental company was very popular, with a lot of traffic. There were many people receiving different services.
	She had planned to look for a sales clerk and ask them a lot of questions to help her investigate, but now she felt that the issue was bigger than she had originally thought and so she changed her mind temporarily.
	With such a big business, everyone was busy trying to attend to all customers. Melinda soon saw the owner, a plump middle-aged man.
Chapter 55 A Shell Company
	In the humble meeting room, Melinda sat opposite to the boss and smiled. The tea in front of her was still steaming, sending swirls of smoke in the air.
	"May I know your name?" the boss asked cautiously.
	Melinda had intentionally worn a formal attire to make her plans work. The receptionist believed Melinda when she said that she was going to sign a big deal with the boss.
	"My husband's surname is Gu."
	The boss's mind was racing. There were only a few rich people in A City whose surname was Gu. He narrowed his eyes and studied Melinda carefully and that was when it dawned on him. The woman sitting before him was Nelson's granddaughter-in-law, Melinda.
	He was aware of the humiliation Melinda had faced in the past. He also knew that Melinda was Nelson's favorite and that he protected her at all costs. He stiffened his back and cleared his throat.
	"Mrs. Gu, I've heard a lot about you. Can I know what your business proposal is about?"
	The boss was also a smart man. He knew that Melinda would not have to see him to just rent a car.
	"I've come here to gather some information. I want to know if this car was rented today."
	Melinda took out her cellphone and opened the photos that she had taken. It was a luxury car that only a few people rented. It was expensive and the company rarely rented this car to people.
	The boss called the receptionist and instructed her to find out about it. Soon, Melinda met the person talking with Alan in the sports car. The man had a bad impression of Alan and swore under his breath at the mention of him.
	"Sir, I hope no one finds out why I've come to see you."
	Melinda's suspicions were true. She decided to investigate about Alan. She wanted to find out who he was and what his intentions were. Jonas didn't know that Alan was a liar as Yulia had interrupted him the last time.
	The boss was aware of what the Gu family was capable of. Melinda had offered a lot of money, so he promised that the information wouldn't go out of the four walls. Moreover, the company's reputation would be at stake if people found that the customers' information was divulged to strangers for money.
	Then Melinda hired a private detective to spy on Alan.
	Alan hadn't gone home for three days and Yulia decided to go to his company. When Yulia came to Aner Electronic Technology Company, she felt an eerie sense of desolation. The company was deserted and everyone was looking unusual.
	In the office, Alan was leaning against the sofa and was reeking of alcohol. Empty bottles of wine were scattered on the floor and a fresh pile of beer was assembled on the tea table.
	Yulia quickly ran to Alan. Alan no longer looked like the handsome, elegant person that he usually was. His eyes were bloodshot and his chin was covered in stubble. His shirt was crumpled and soaked in sweat and alcohol, which made Yulia sick.
	"Alan, what's wrong with you? God, you are drunk!" Yulia asked concernedly.
	She cupped Alan‘s cheeks and stared into his eyes. Alan tilted his head and grinned lopsidedly. "Yulia."
	"What's the matter?"
	Yulia was heartbroken to see Alan's haggard face. Her anger faded away and she forgot that Alan had been ignoring her for the past three days.
	She had planned to give him a piece of her mind and take him back home but she was stunned to see him like this.
	"Yulia, I know I'm useless. I feel sorry for the employees of the company. They are in trouble because of me. I let you and your family down. I couldn't find a good investor for the company. I'm a worthless piece of shit."
	Alan pounded the sofa with his fist, causing a dent on it. Yulia thought that Alan's company was flourishing but she didn't realize that he was struggling hard to find an investor to make the company survive.
	"Yulia, I'm sorry. It's entirely my fault. I can't give you a good life. My company is a disaster. I don't have the courage to go back to the Gu family with you. I don't want anyone to insult you because of me," Alan slurred.
	A wave of guilt washed over Yulia. She felt that Alan had been running away from her because he had a lot of problems to deal with. She wanted to slap herself for suspecting him.
	Even during his toughest times, Alan was only thinking about her.
	"Don't worry, Alan. I'm there for you. Don't worry about the money. I'll somehow arrange it."
	Although Yulia had left the Gu family, Jonas and Nelson didn't restrict her from using the money.
	Alan's eyes glinted with desire. That was exactly what he had been aiming for. He had hit Yulia's sweet spot and she was finally willing to give him the money. He knew that she would do anything for him.
	"Yulia, you don't have to do this. It's my problem and I've gotten to deal with it. I don't want to drag you into my shit. I'll find a solution. If there is no way at all, I will start over from scratch," Alan said.
	Yulia was moved by Alan's sincerity. She trusted him and was sure that he wasn't after her money. "It doesn't matter. We are a couple and we are in it together." She smiled.
	Alan was convinced by Yulia's words. He nodded his head reluctantly and held Yulia's hands. "Once the problem is over, you will be in charge of all my property, I promise."
	Yulia sold all her expensive handbags and clothes to procure money for Alan. But no matter what she did, the money wasn't even close to the required investment. Yulia was left with no choice but to use the Gu family's money.
	In the Gu's mansion, Melinda's eyes widened and she clamped her mouth with her hand when she read the information that the private detective had sent. She was scared out of her wits. Alan was audacious to swindle the Gu family.
	"Jonas, did you not run a background check on Alan?" Melinda asked as she poked Jonas, whose eyes were fixed on the TV.
	He was intently watching the financial news and didn't bother looking at her.
	"No, I didn't."
	"Wow! That's just great," Melinda grunted. She looked at Jonas. He seemed unconcerned about it, so she rolled her eyes and turned away.
	Jonas had sensed that Alan was up to something. That was why he didn't stop Yulia from moving out with him. He felt that Yulia would learn a lesson if she found out about him on her own.
	He didn't have the time to teach Yulia how to judge people.
	Yulia was gullible and blindly trusted everyone who was kind to her. She hadn't learned a lesson even though she was scammed in the past. And Jonas was tired of cleaning her mess. He felt that she needed to face the consequences on her own; only then would she steer clear of fraudsters.
	"Gosh, you're incredibly boring. I'm going to go out. You stay back and watch the stupid TV." Melinda stomped her foot and left.
	Now that Melinda had all the information about Alan, she decided to gather evidence against him.
	Jonas watched Melinda strut out of the house. He shook his head, sighed loudly, and continued to watch the news.
	Melinda was never arrogant before. But she had been bossing around lately and Jonas was always compromising.
	Jonas strangely liked her when she was feisty. He felt that Melinda was adding colors to his dull life. She induced life to the vacant villa.
	He liked how the villa reverberated with her voice and laughter. He felt complete when he was around her.
	Melinda took a taxi to Aner Electronic Technology Company. There was no one in the company, except for a security guard and a receptionist. The receptionist's perfunctory answers increased Melinda's suspicions.
	Melinda wanted to go upstairs but a group of burly men stopped her. She became frightened and left the company.
	But she was certain about one thing. Aner Electronic Technology Company was a shell company and the people in the office weren't employees but paid actors. The detective had disclosed the information to her.
	Melinda was eager to find the truth and unmask Alan before everyone. She left the company and went to the nearest shopping mall. Although she had many things to do, she still enjoyed shopping.
	The Gu family had assorted only high-heeled shoes for her. Although Melinda could effortlessly walk and run in heels, she still felt uncomfortable. Her back would hurt every time she wore heels.
	The first floor of the mall was filled with shoe shops. Melinda stopped when she came across an old acquaintance.
	She could recognize the person but the man might not know who she was.
	In one of the shoe shops, Alan was giggling with a woman, helping her to put on the shoes. The woman was constantly blushing as he was praising her beauty.
	Without hesitation, Melinda took out her mobile phone, zoomed in, and took several pictures of Alan and the woman.
	"I must say your beautiful feet make the shoes look better. You should get them," Alan said, winking at her.
	Although the woman didn't have a pretty face, she had flawless skin and a perfect body. Her feet were so broad that they were protruding from the shoes.
	The saleswoman was gaping at the couple. She was impressed by Alan's eloquence and thought that he would be paying the bill.
	"This pair is good too. Try them on," he said, pointing at another pair of shoes.
	The woman was grinning happily. She was flattered by Alan's words. Finally, the woman decided to buy all the pairs that Alan had picked for her.
	When the saleswoman was packing the shoes, the woman handed a credit card to Alan.
	"Honey, I will pay the bill the next time, I promise." Alan smiled and took the card to pay the bill.
	He wrapped his arm around the woman's waist and ushered her to the bag shop across the street. The clerk's eyes brightened as he saw the bags in Alan's hands. He thought that Alan was rich and smiled at the couple.
	Melinda followed them everywhere like a vigilant spy. She continued to take pictures of them. Alan took the woman to a jewelry shop, then to a garment store, and walked out with several bags.
	Melinda captured everything on her phone. She had zoomed in to get a better shot when the woman handed the credit card to Alan.
	She was disgusted by his behavior.
	Alan hopped into the car with the woman and drove away. Melinda quickly hailed a taxi and followed them. She clicked pictures of them when she saw them enter a hotel. Melinda was proud of herself. She had managed to gather evidence to prove that Alan was a fraud.
	She entered a store and printed the pictures. Then she posted the pictures to Yulia's address but was also worried that Alan would find the pictures before Yulia did. After all, Yulia was living with him.
	After racking her brains, Melinda got Yulia's e-mail address from Jonas. She attached all the pictures in the mail and stated that Alan had been lying to her the whole time. She asked Yulia not to keep quiet and start questioning him.
	That was all she could do. She wouldn't have interfered in Alan's affairs if he had not messed up with the Gu family. Moreover, Yulia was her family member and it was her duty to save her.
	Melinda was hungry and exhausted. She was busy following Alan that she had forgotten to eat.
	Her mind swarmed with the images of Alan making out with the woman. She squeezed her eyes shut almost as if she wanted to get rid of the images that made her sick in the stomach. She felt that all men were dishonest and Jonas would be no exception.
Chapter 56 The Man's Tricks
	Yulia had always lived an extravagant life, but of late she had lost many luxury goods all of a sudden, which made her very uncomfortable. At last she decided to return to the Gu family and secretly take an additional credit card from Jonas.
	Alan had been busy for the last few days because the company was in grave danger. Yulia could not help him in any other way except to raise funds. She hated feeling so useless.
	Alan's apartment was small, and Yulia had nearly never worked a day in her life let alone do any kind of housework, so Alan's home had not been cleaned in several days. The moment she pushed the door open, a pungent smell hit her nostrils.
	"What's this? Why does this place stink so much?"
	Yulia cast a glance around the small apartment and wondered if she should hire a part-time cleaner to make the house more presentable. She turned around surveying the whole place with her nose raised and wrinkled, a look of disgust on her face when she noticed an envelope on the ground addressed to her.
	Who would send her mail at this place? Who even knew that she was living here? Though Yulia was confused, she squatted down and opened the mail. It was encased in a small courier bag with a waterproof cover. Inside, there were pictures of Alan and another woman in a very compromising situation.
	Yulia's mind went blank for a moment, before she regained her senses, this time with a new energy fueled by rage. She rushed out of the door, with her chest puffing and heaving the anger slowly boiling in her belly like a volcano about to erupt any time.
	Alan and recently found a new target who he could easily swindle a lot of money. He was very pleased and proud of his good looks and boyish grin that seemed to have been working to his favor of late. Moreover, the person he was happily conversing with on the phone was another woman and not the one he was supposedly living with. He talked to her in a tone dripping with honey as he called her all sorts of sweet names, promising a day full of unadulterated love and intimacy.
	All of a sudden, the door of the office was banged open almost breaking at the hinges from the force that was used. With a hard controlled face, Yulia walked up to him and smacked a pile of photos on the desk. She looked as if she was bursting at the seams with repressed anger, prowling like a tiger, just waiting for the right time to roar and spit fire like a dragon.
	"Yulia, what's wrong with you? Who bullied you?" Alan asked as he carefully approached her.
	Without taking a look at the obviously offending item that Yulia had thrown on his desk, Alan tried to hold Yulia in his arms and comfort her. But she was in no mood for games. She wanted answers and sidestepped his outstretched arms. She pointed at the photos on the desk and shouted, "Alan, who is this woman?
	Alan, you are a two timing bastard! How could you do this to me? I had a fight with my brother for you. When your company went through a crisis, I sold all my jewelry to help you back on your feet, if that was even true. Did you give all my money to this woman? Is that the person you have been holding all those late night meetings with?"
	Yulia vented all her anger with a ferocity that was scary. Anytime she thought of how she had been taken for granted, Yulia trembled with anger.
	"Yulia, I'm hurt. You actually sent someone to follow me and take pictures, but you never gave me the benefit of the doubt or try to listen to my side of the story, and now you are interrogating me like a common criminal. Do you really think that I am that kind of a person? Is that what you take me for?"
	Alan was a little flustered and his heart was beating at a 100 beats per minute, but his face was full of disappointment and anger. Yulia was confused by his reaction.
	"Yulia, this woman is just one of our company's clients. She has been reluctant to sign a contract that is worth a lot of money and keeps coming up with all kinds of requirements. I have no other choice but to meet her on demand so that we can get her business. The company is short of money, but I don't want you to be upset because of me. I didn't expect that you would misunderstand my actions. Please forget this issue, it was all my fault. Yulia, I don't care if you believe me or not, but I didn't betray you, I would never."
	His voice kept rising with every word he uttered giving Yulia mixed feelings. Alan's acting skills were fantastic, and Yulia began to have second thoughts. After a moment of calm, she started feeling guilty.
	"Really? Is everything you are saying true?"
	"Yulia, no matter how genuine my actions are, if they make you sad it is my fault. I apologize. Please forgive me. I promise, I will tell you everything in the future," Alan said.
	He was looking right into her eyes as if he could see right through Yulia's mind. He was so serious as if he wanted to take out his heart for Yulia to see how sorry he really was in his heart.
	"Honey, do you really want to quarrel with me because of such a misunderstanding?
	Come on, let me take you to the mall and buy you anything you want. Everything I have is yours, and it makes my heart ache to see you so angry, messing your pretty face."
	After hearing the sweet words, all meant for her, Yulia looked much better. She finally reluctantly said, "Well, I forgive you."
	Alan heaved a sigh of relief when he was finally able to allay Yulia's rage. But he also realized that he needed to keep an eye on her. She wasn't as clueless as he had assumed. He hadn't expected that Yulia would hire someone to take pictures of him. It was clear that things needed to be postponed for the time being.
	In order to prove his sincerity, Alan put aside everything he was doing and took Yulia to the shopping mall, heading straight to a luxury store.
	"Isn't your company financially strained?"
	"So what, I am ready to go broke to earn my dear love's forgiveness?"
	Alan's eyes were full of affection. He was an attractive man with a handsome face and knew how to use his charm and charisma to control a woman. Most of the time, he was a generous man, not afraid of spending money.
	He had learned early that only high investments could bring him a high return.
	Yulia was so touched to the core of her heart. She didn't buy as many things as before, but Alan thought it was not enough, so he deliberately picked more things to make her happy.
	The matter of the photos was brushed off easily and Alan managed to escape unscathed. This time, Yulia not only didn't see through Alan's well-orchestrated acts of deception, but also loved him more. Especially when she saw how much Alan cared about her even when he was in such a difficult situation. She felt even guiltier than before.
	In the next few days, Alan spent a lot of time accompanying Yulia. He claimed that he was trying to make amends and Yulia soon forgot about what he had done before.
	After waiting for a few days, Melinda heard no news from Yulia; if anything, the next time she saw them together, they were still close, acting all lovey-dovey. Melinda deduced that Yulia still trusted Alan and for a while she didn't know what to think of their relationship.
	Jonas and Yulia were from the same father but Yulia had a very low IQ while Jonas had a high one. It seemed that the IQ of the mother was very important for the descendants.
	"They have been playing around a lot recently. Hasn't anything else happened? Isn't Alan's company in trouble? How could he be so free?"
	Melinda muttered in confusion. Anyone with a brain could see that there was something wrong with this whole situation, but Yulia didn't seem to notice anything, probably due to the emotional hallucination of love.
	"Alan is a repeat offender. Yulia has a lot of money and is stupid enough to be deceived. The company is just a shell company. When the two of them went out for fun, he would just make a phone call and ask someone to create a scene, claiming that he owed them money. Yulia would take the bait and give him the money voluntarily," the private detective recounted sarcastically.
	Melinda touched her forehead and just wanted to shrink into her seat. She felt ashamed. 'Yulia is really a stupid person. Perhaps Alan targeted her because of that,' she thought.
	"How much money did she give to Alan?"
	"I don't know the exact amount but it is in millions."
	Melinda was shocked. It was her first time to know that Yulia was so rich. She didn't know that Yulia was using Jonas's additional credit card and Jonas's money.
	What was more, he had swindled millions out of her! It was obvious fraud and Alan would definitely rot in prison.
	"Please help me gather evidence of his crimes within the next two days. Alan must have lied to many people. Yulia is not the only one. This scumbag has to pay."
	It was just that Yulia was a very rich woman and it made Alan spend more time and energy on her. Melinda could not help but pull her hair into a bun unconsciously as if she was getting ready for war, but in actual fact, she was hesitant to expose his shady dealings.
	No matter what, Yulia was a member of the Gu family. If this matter was made public, it would be a disgrace to the Gu family. So maybe she should discuss it with Jonas.
	"Miss Mo, for the sake of eliminating this kind of scam from the public, I will give you a 30% discount." The private detective's laughter came through, and then he hung up the phone.
	People always said that private detectives had no morality and only cared about money, but Melinda didn't think so. The one she was working with sounded different.
	Eliminating the scam for the public? She was satisfied with his words.
	Soaring Group had been very busy the past few days, so Jonas didn't notice that his account had lost millions. He had received messages from his bank, but he had been so busy that he hadn't gotten to read them. That was until the bank manager called and said that someone was investigating his account.
	"Have you found out who did it?"
	"It is still under investigation. We will tell you as soon as possible..."
	"Jonas!"
	The speech on the other end of the phone was interrupted as Melinda walked into the study like a gust of wind. Jonas looked at her unhappily, but did not say anything. He simply spoke to the person on the other end of the phone, "Let's talk about it later."
	Melinda blinked, looking very innocent, wondering if she had done something wrong. Looking at her, Jonas asked impatiently, "What's the matter?"
	"Right. I have something to tell you. Yulia's boyfriend is a liar... I am doing this to save the many people that he has deceived and prevent him from hurting anymore, so you won't say anything, right?"
	Melinda said as she thought to herself, 'You can say whatever you want. Anyway, Grandpa will help me. It feels great to do whatever I want with someone backing me up.'
	"So you are the one who asked someone to investigate my bank account?"
	Jonas thought of what had occurred during his call with the bank manager and what had happened before and after the call. He knew that Alan was a liar, but he didn't care much.
	"I guess so. I've arranged for someone to collect evidence, but why would he investigate your bank account? It's so weird." Melinda touched her chin in confusion. Jonas didn't want to argue with her any longer. Looking at his expression, she turned her head around.
	"Is that money yours?"
	she asked with great care.
	"If not, who else's would it be? Would it be yours?"
	His words were full of sarcasm, which hurt Melinda deeply.
	After knowing this matter, Jonas told the bank about it and from there it was easy for them to investigate the issue, and the evidence was soon collected. Melinda immediately let the detective turn it to the police.
	After the evidence was submitted, the police filed a case, and the employees of Aner Electronic Technology Company were quickly rounded up and taken to the police station for further questioning, and the company was closed down pending investigations.
	The news quickly spread and caused a great sensation in A City. Alan was taken to the police station, and his true identity was soon exposed. Many women who had been deceived by him came to the police station to file for more claims.
	Alan had extorted a large amount of money, ranging from tens of thousands to millions, and Yulia was his biggest victim.
	Yulia was also taken to the police station to assist in the investigation.
	"Sir, there must be some mistake. Alan is not that kind of person. You must be mistaken."
	Yulia was tempted to use the power of Gu family to save Alan, but she didn't dare to do so. Even though she was unwilling to admit it, the facts were all staked against Alan, so if she used her family's powers, she would disgrace the Gu family.
	"Miss Gu, we understand your feelings, but the evidence is here right. I hope you won't make it difficult for us."
	In fact, the police station was sympathetic to Yulia, but they changed their attitude when they saw that Yulia was likely to stir up trouble.
	When Yulia left the police station, she was like the walking dead. Her lover who had been intimate with her this whole time was nothing but a wolf in sheep's skin and all he wanted was her property.
	She couldn't believe how silly she was to believe his sweet words.
Chapter 57 The Wife
	When Yulia got back to Alan’s place, she saw her belongings all strewn on the floor by the door. Inside, a middle-aged cleaning lady was constantly swearing as she worked.
	Unable to bear any more, Yulia fled that rented apartment, weeping. She rushed back to the Gu's mansion in panic and desperation.
	Naturally, Nelson knew all about the entire debacle. He was lounging on the sofa in the living room when Yulia returned, and she immediately got down on her knees before him as soon as she entered.
	"Grandfather, I’ve been so wrong. Please forgive me. I promise, I’ll listen to you from now on. I won’t make stupid, childish mistakes anymore."
	She wept and wailed on her grandfather’s lap, airing out all her grievances and sorrow.
	Nelson only sighed. "You’d better learned your lesson. If it weren’t for Melinda, who knows how long it would have taken to expose that charlatan. Or how many more women he’d have deceived!"
	It was only then that Yulia realized her brother and his wife were also in the room. She shot her grandfather a confused look. ‘What did he mean by that?’
	Nelson was smiling warmly at Melinda, and explained everything, praising her every so often in between narratives.
	"Grandpa, it’s all just a matter of coincidence and good luck." Melinda brushed off the compliments she was given. It was the truth.
	If Jonas hadn’t mentioned that there was something wrong about Alan, she wouldn’t have dwelt on the matter and discovered the con artist’s schemes.
	"Be that as it may, it doesn’t change the fact that you’ve done an excellent thing! Citizens of A City have been commending your actions. You’ve brought honor to the Gu family, and I’m so proud."
	Yulia felt small in the face of all the praises Melinda was getting, and she grimaced in displeasure. Then she recalled the pictures and mail that she had received.
	If she put two things together, it was safe to assume that those incriminating pieces of evidence were from her brother’s wife.
	"Still, Grandpa, Yulia was in no fault at all. She was the one cheated on by that bastard." Though her tone was gentle, Melinda shot a snide look at Jonas when she said the word "bastard".
	"Thank you, Melinda," Yulia said quietly. She was, in fact, not feeling grateful at all, but she had to mask her bitterness and resentment from their grandfather. This much she could manage.
	"Oh never mind about that. Just make sure you use your brains in the future." Melinda’s statement was followed by a heavy silence.
	It was a little harsh, but she realized too late, and the atmosphere had become awkward. She felt ashamed of herself. She had meant to comfort the younger girl, but her words slipped out easily unchecked.
	Yulia took great offense at Melinda’s words, but she reined in her temper. She settled with silence, lest she said something vile in reply.
	"Oh please don’t get me wrong. I wasn’t trying to imply anything mean." Melinda rushed to rectify the situation, but her words got the better of her yet again. "Women meet a bunch of lying bastards all the time. You’re actually luckier than I am in that respect."
	Her last remark did not escape Jonas’s notice, and he gave his wife a pointed look. At that, Melinda raised both her hands, deciding to shut up once and for all.
	Yulia wasn’t paying attention to them anyway. She hung her head, and her thoughts were filled with vitriol towards Melinda.
	‘She must have done it all on purpose. My reputation is ruined now. She must have planned this from the start. She’s behind all this! She couldn’t bear to see me living a happy life.’
	As Yulia lowered her head awkwardly, her face was covered by her bangs. And her resentment against Melinda was also obvious. Her reputation was ruined this time.
	As a vicious plan formed in her mind, Yulia raised her head and pasted an innocent smile on her face. "Melinda, thank you, really. Why don’t we go shopping one of these days? I want to buy you something to express my gratitude. You wouldn’t refuse, would you?"
	Since the girl was wearing such an earnest expression, and with her invitation phrased the way it was, it would be in poor taste if Melinda refused her. She could only nod in agreement.
	In truth, Melinda had long known that she would never get along well with Yulia.
	The younger woman held malice towards her, so potent it was practically palpable whenever they were in the same room. Surely all that ill intent couldn’t have just magically disappeared.
	If anything, Melinda was certain it only grew more each passing day. Nevertheless, as long as Yulia didn’t strike first, Melinda wouldn’t do anything either.
	In the days that followed, the residents of the Gu's mansion avoided speaking of the matter with Alan. Yulia settled back in and cleaned up her room.
	She also made it a habit to badger Melinda into going to the mall with her. Melinda couldn’t put it off any longer, and they finally made plans to go one day, after afternoon tea.
	Melinda wore a bright pink dress, not quite fuchsia, but not a muted baby shade either. Just enough to turn people’s heads.
	She paired her outfit with simple white flats, and settled for no makeup. She looked youthful and extremely pretty.
	Yulia, on the other hand, wore a black body-hugging, sleeveless top that exposed her midriff, pumps, and a rather heavy makeup.
	When the women stood next to each other, Yulia looked like the older one, in spite of the truth being otherwise.
	When they arrived at Soaring Group’s shopping mall, Yulia made a beeline for the jewelry district, dragging Melinda behind her. They weren’t the only ones in that mall to shop.
	Now that Emily’s drama had finished shooting, she had a considerable amount of time on her hands. She wanted to maximize her break, so she had asked Jonas to go shopping with her.
	"Jonas," she whined as she clung to his arm. "Let’s go to the Cartier Shoppe. I have a party to attend in a couple of days and I still have no jewelry to wear."
	She was wearing an immaculate white dress, and an elaborate "natural look" makeup that consisted of a lot of products and took a lot of time to apply. Her lips were tinted a bright shade of orange.
	And as she was a celebrity, she also wore giant sunglasses that covered a majority of her face, yet did nothing to conceal her identity.
	Add that to the fact that she was walking with a handsome and successful young entrepreneur who had undoubtedly been many a woman’s dream lover at some point in their lives.
	They were recognized by the people the moment they stepped into the mall. Most of the attention fell solidly on Jonas, though. Despite that, nobody dared to approach them because of the cold, unfeeling look on his face.
	"Jonas, you really should smile often," Emily said, leaning closer against his arm flirtatiously.
	Jonas had been looking like a tyrant to most people besides his family, but he was particularly gentle towards her. She was smug about getting that little special treatment, and she was going to flaunt it.
	Meanwhile, Yulia pulled Melinda into the Cartier Shoppe and looked at some watches. She mentioned how she noticed that the older woman wore nothing on her wrist, and that she wanted to remedy that.
	"Why is it suddenly so noisy?" Yulia commented out loud, and then turned towards the entrance. Emily and Jonas had just entered the shop, like two models walking up to the runway. The entire hallway was agog.
	Melinda turned to see what the fuss was all about as well. She had a mildly curious expression on her face when she leaned over to look, and her face didn’t even change when she saw her husband with another girl on his arm.
	Yulia was watching her intently, anticipating drama to break out anytime soon. To her disappointment, Melinda only put down the watch she was looking at.
	"I don’t like the watches they have here. Let’s go," she spoke in a very calm tone. Then she headed towards the doors on the other side of the shop, away from where Jonas and Emily entered.
	Yulia didn’t follow immediately as she tried to assess the situation. She looked back towards her brother and gave them a big wave to catch his attention. Only then did she follow behind Melinda.
	Jonas scowled. He had his eyes trained on Melinda. He just barely saw her as she turned to leave, but he was sure that she’d seen him. How could she ignore him and just leave like that!
	"Was that Melinda just now?" Emily had also seen Melinda. How could she not, when Jonas stared so intently in her direction. All she got in way of response was a curt yes.
	Jonas couldn’t manage any more than that because he was so pissed at his wife at that moment. 'This damn woman, I’m her husband, dammit! How dare she act as if she didn’t know who the devil I am!'
	Without a second thought, he shrugged off from Emily’s clutch and strode after the direction of his wife.
	"Jonas, where are you going?" Emily all but screeched, and then followed after him as well. She struggled to match his unrelenting pace, and very soon also struggled to suppress her boiling anger.
	Jonas was oblivious to all of it. He had to find his wife and give her a piece of his mind. She was wearing a pink dress, very eye-catching. Therefore, he spotted her almost immediately.
	For her part, Melinda wasn’t sure what exactly was going on. What she was sure of, was that the picture her husband made with that woman next to him implied intimacy between them.
	She would go as far as admitting that she felt a pang in her chest when she saw them, and that was why she fled the scene. Out of sight, out of mind, as people would say.
	Melinda tried to empty her mind as she continued to forge ahead, her steps confident and even. Yulia was beside her in a moment, looking unbothered at all as she tried to catch up to the older woman, even in her high heels.
	Although she did take a good gasp for air before speaking to Melinda. "Why did you suddenly leave? Didn’t you see my brother back there?"
	"Your brother had a beauty dangling on his arm," Melinda answered with an air of nonchalance. She flashed Yulia a casual little smile. "I thought it's best not to disturb him."
	Yulia’s jaw dropped. Was this the same woman who had once given up everything in the name of love for her brother? "But... but you’re my brother’s wife. If someone had to leave that scene, it was that woman, not you!"
	She had been looking forward to a confrontation between Melinda and Emily. It had frankly been much overdue.
	Yulia liked neither of the two women, so she didn’t give a damn who would emerge victorious in the fight. But she wanted there to be a fight.
	"That’s totally unnecessary." Melinda gave her a pointed glance as she said this, as if she read what was going on in the girl’s mind.
	Yulia squirmed inside, feeling a little guilty. She looked around for a distraction. It was about time the people she had made arrangements with arrived.
	"Let’s just... let’s go have a look around some of these shops, why don’t we? Let’s lighten up our moods and forget about what just happened." She made a grab for Melinda’s wrist as she tried to cajole her.
	The older woman deflected Yulia’s hand easily, making a show of reaching to pat her and smooth her hair. Melinda would prefer to have zero physical contact with this girl.
	The slight did not escape Yulia. Not to be deterred, she put on a fake smile. "There are still many shops up ahead; let’s go and have a look."
	Melinda tilted her head in acknowledgment, and led the way. Yulia opted to follow behind to cover up her embarrassment. And a little distance behind them strode Jonas, who was being quickly followed by Emily.
	If looks could murder people, Melinda would soon be a corpse with multiple stab wounds on her back. Emily was sporting a homicidal expression that was so unlike anything she’d usually show to other people.
	But this bitch deserved the vicious looks she was serving her. Emily’s feet were hurting trying to keep up with Jonas, who never took his eyes off the figure of his retreating wife for a second.
	"Jonas, where are we going?"
	Jonas ignored, ruthlessly keeping his large strides. He didn’t seem to care that she was floundering in her high heels. She wanted to pull him to a stop, but she couldn’t even get close enough to touch the sleeve of his shirt.
	Up ahead, Melinda was glancing at the shop displays as she walked, and accidentally bumped into a person. The impact had her taking a few steps back, and a few seconds to collect herself.
	"Sorry." She gave the stranger a little bow, and made to walk around him to carry on her way.
	Behind her, Yulia saw what just happened. As she recognized the man before them, a cruel smile crept into her face. It was not unlike the smile of a cat that had swallowed a mouse.
	"Hey, what’s wrong with you?" the man yelled at Melinda as he blocked her path. "Why aren’t you watching where you’re going?"
	Taken aback by his reaction, Melinda offered another apology, this time bowing a little lower. She made to leave again, and again the man blocked her.
	The man eyed her up and down, a lascivious glint lacing his gaze. ‘So it turns out the woman I was paid to tease was actually a beauty. Lucky!’
	"Sir," Melinda tried again with a firmer tone. "We were both at fault here, and I have already apologized to you." She glared at the man, trying to get her intent across.
	The man was a little surprised at first, but then he barked out a loud, deprecating laugh. "You’re a hot piece of ass, aren’t you?"
	Now he was being openly obscene, both in his actions and his words. It ticked Melinda off, and she felt a vicious urge to smash this man’s face in.
Chapter 58 Trust
	"Sir, behave yourself," Melinda warned.
	She arched an eyebrow and glared at the man who was staring at her like a hungry wolf.
	Her eyes darted towards Yulia. She smirked at Melinda and stepped back as her heels grated against the floor.
	"Guys, did you hear what she said?" the man cackled. "Do any of you know what it means? Because I don't."
	Two more men emerged from the corner, and came to surround her from all sides. Melinda fisted her palm and gritted her teeth. She could defeat one man but she was outnumbered by the enemies.
	Melinda looked around helplessly, hoping for someone to miraculously appear from nowhere and help her.
	But the place was empty and no one was around to even find out that she was in trouble.
	There were three men in total. The man who seemed like the leader of the gang was bald. He was wearing a black vest and there were dragon tattoos in his arms, winding to his back. He removed his sunglasses, letting his eyes wander across Melinda's body. He slipped off his leather jacket and slung it on his shoulder.
	The two men standing behind him—with short hair and a light gray sweaty shirt—altered their stance, blocking all the possible escape paths.
	Initially, Melinda thought that the whole thing was an accident but now she understood what had happened. This was a pre-planned assault. They had been after her, waiting for the right chance to trap her.
	She glanced at Yulia again. The smirk on her face proved that she was behind all this.
	Melinda had been too naive to believe that Yulia would change. But she was born evil and there was no hope for her to mend her ways.
	"What do you want?" Melinda asked, crossing her arms across her chest.
	She would still have a chance if they were after her to demand a ransom. Yulia quickly glanced at the men warningly.
	She was aware that the men were lusting after money. If they found Melinda's offer to be more attractive, they would join hands with her, and Yulia's efforts would be fruitless.
	"I want a beauty like you," the bald man said, sweeping his tongue across his lips.
	His assistants guffawed at Melinda, which made her squirm on the spot.
	Melinda snuck her hand into the bag to find her phone and call the police. However, the man grabbed her wrist tightly. Melinda let out a piercing scream as the man almost crushed her bones.
	"Bitch, do you want to call the police?" he spat.
	The man threw Melinda's bag on the ground and inched forward. She bit her lip as intense pain shot through her hand. She tried wriggling out of the man's hold.
	One of the men picked her purse and took out the money. He dropped her phone to the ground and smashed it with his leg.
	"Let me go," she cried.
	"Shh... Don't waste your time screaming, honey. It's a rare thing to find a beauty like you. How can you expect us to let go of you easily."
	He ran his fingers across Melinda's arms that broke into goose bumps.
	The bald man was aroused by Melinda's unadulterated beauty. The two men stepped closer with their eyes fixed on her.
	They were not willing to let go of her and dragged her away.
	"Let her go!"
	A deep male voice resonated across the empty space. Everyone turned their head to find who it was. Jonas was standing beside the corner. He was a picture of pure rage.
	A chill ran through Yulia's spine. She wondered how her brother managed to follow them all the way here.
	Melinda's racing heart seemed to slow down at the sight of Jonas. She felt relieved even though he was looking murderous.
	"Let her go! Otherwise, my brother will beat you to a pulp,"
	Yulia said, signaling them to leave.
	"I've called the police. They will be here at any time. Are you sure you want to torture my wife?"
	Melinda's pale cheeks turned red as a wave of desire washed over her when she heard him call her his wife. It somehow sounded sexy in his voice.
	The two men panicked at the mention of the police. However, the bald man was transfixed by Melinda. He couldn't take his eyes off her.
	"Didn't you hear what my brother said? Leave her, or you will have to spend the rest of your lives in jail," Yulia said anxiously.
	The man was looking as if he wanted to eat Melinda alive. Yulia swallowed loudly and wiped her sweaty palms on her dress. Jonas would find out that she was behind all this if he sent the man to jail. He would never forgive her for that.
	"I'm not afraid of the police," the bald man sneered distastefully.
	Going to jail was not a big deal for him. He had his men inside, and getting out of the jail was a piece of cake for him.
	Therefore, he was unaffected by Jonas's taunts.
	Melinda used all her strength to break free from his hold. But the man was strong and didn't budge. Melinda closed her eyes and whimpered. She blew out a loud breath and bit the man's wrist. The man yelped in pain and withdrew his hand.
	She used the opportunity and darted towards Jonas as she wiped her mouth with the back of her hand as she felt disgusted to bite his filthy hand.
	"You fucking bitch! Guys, bring her to me. I need to teach her a lesson. After I'm done enjoying her body, she will be yours," the bald man bellowed.
	The two men were excited. They couldn't wait to ravage Melinda. Melinda felt sick and resisted the urge to throw up.
	Jonas was seething with rage. He couldn't see the men pass filthy remarks about his wife. He wanted to skin them alive.
	As the two men ran towards Melinda with lustful eyes, Jonas stepped in front of her protectively. Yulia panicked and ran away to hide.
	The men were looking like they would go to any extent to have what they wanted. Jonas was puny compared to the burly men, and Melinda was worried about him getting hurt. How would he take them all down by himself?
	Melinda's phone was taken away and she wasn't sure if Jonas had called the police or not. Even if he did, she knew that they wouldn't be able to arrive on time.
	"You are not afraid of death."
	The bald man clenched his fists and puffed his chest as he advanced towards Jonas. He was looking like a brutal beast, waiting to hunt Jonas down. Melinda's heart leapt to her throat. She couldn't see him get hurt.
	But Jonas remained calm. He effortlessly dodged the moves of the two men.
	Melinda's eyes widened with shock. The bald man lunged forward and attacked him. All three of them were aiming at Jonas and Melinda couldn't just stand there and wait for him to defeat them on his own.
	She quickly ran forward but Jonas raised his hand. "Don't! Stay where you are," he ordered.
	Melinda stopped abruptly. She wanted to go out and ask for help but she was too scared to take her eyes away from Jonas. She witnessed everything with her heart drumming wildly in her chest.
	Jonas punched the men violently, leaving bruises on their bodies. But the bald man was stronger and agile. Jonas was struggling to defeat him.
	Tears streamed down Melinda's cheeks. She clenched her fists tightly as her nails dug into her skin, making the veins pop out.
	No one was watching Yulia. She swallowed loudly and turned around to leave.
	She couldn't stomach the violence as she felt sick in the stomach. Jonas was looking like a savage beast now and she realized how gentle he was with her.
	Jonas kicked the bald man in the shins and wiped the blood that was dribbling from the corner of his mouth. He was looking like a sexy warrior and Melinda swooned at the sight of him.
	"A bunch of trash!"
	Jonas growled and stamped the bald man's hand, crushing it with the heel of his shoe. Everyone was crying in pain but none of them seemed to have the strength to get up and fight him.
	Melinda blinked and finally came back to her senses. Her jaw dropped in shock when she saw the men lying on the ground. Jonas had valiantly taken down three men. He was looking like a badass.
	Jonas had dealt with the men even before the police had arrived. Although the bald man was reluctant to accept his defeat, he didn't dare to attack Jonas again.
	He realized that the three of them were no match for the man in front of him. Jonas could have easily murdered them if he wanted to.
	"Jonas, are you okay?"
	Melinda ran towards him and wiped the blood that continued to dribble from the corner of his mouth.
	Jonas was hurt but he didn't show it. He slung his arm around Melinda's shoulder and staggered.
	"It's okay. It's no big deal," Jonas said, glancing at the men who were writhing in pain.
	The fight had attracted people's attention and a crowd had gathered around them. The men knew that they didn't stand a chance against Jonas, so they held each other, and stood up to leave. The bald man opened his mouth to say something. But he swallowed his words when he saw Jonas's eyes pierce through him. The man shuddered at the sight of him and left.
	"Jonas, you are hurt."
	Melinda had seen the men attack Jonas right in front of her eyes. There were bruises and cuts all over his body. Jonas's body seemed to visibly relax after the men left the mall. His body was limp and he leaned heavily on Melinda. Unable to carry his weight anymore, Melinda leaned against the wall to prevent them from falling.
	"Yes," Jonas croaked. He didn't want to lie to her.
	Melinda cupped his cheeks and stared into his eyes.
	"Let me take you to the hospital, okay?" she whispered.
	Although the Gu family had their private doctor, Melinda couldn't wait until the doctor arrived. The mall was close to the hospital, so she decided to take him there. She didn't have the time to take Jonas to the Gu's mansion. She wouldn't rest until she made sure he was okay.
	Jonas nodded and left with Melinda. Emily, who had been watching them all this while, emerged from the dark. Her eyes were blazing with anger.
	It had taken a lot of time and effort for her to persuade Jonas to come out with her but Melinda had ruined all her plans. Jonas had completely ignored her when he found that Melinda was in trouble.
	She hated how Jonas blindly trusted Melinda. He had obeyed her every word and followed her like a puppy. Jonas had never trusted anyone like this before and Emily became jealous. She couldn't see them together.
	Yulia was in shock when she entered the Gu's mansion. Everything was messed up. All her plans had turned against her. She knew that Jonas wouldn't spare her if he found out the truth.
Chapter 59 The Temporary Assistant
	"Didn't you go shopping? Why are you back so soon? I wasn't expecting you back until later."
	Sitting on the sofa, Yulia was immersed in her own thoughts, full of fear. She was worried about what she saw and didn't want to talk about it. When Nelson walked into the living room with Gavin's help, he saw Yulia alone.
	Nelson knew that she and Melinda went out together, and they had gone shopping. He hoped that they could get along well with each other, so he encouraged them to spend time together.
	Gavin helped Nelson sit down on the sofa, poured him a cup of tea, and then retreated to a corner. Yulia was still in a daze until Nelson put the cup heavily on the tea table. He startled her to get her attention and show his authority.
	"Ah. Grandpa. I am back,"
	Yulia greeted him nervously. Her hands locked together and her eyes were darting around. She didn't dare to look into Nelson's eyes. She knew he would be upset with her and didn't know how best to handle it.
	"What are you doing? I asked you something, but you didn't answer me. Didn't you go out with Melinda?" He was visibly agitated and unsure of why on earth she would be back so soon. "Why did you come back alone? Where is Melinda?"
	Nelson asked unhappily. Yulia's eyes were wide open when she heard Nelson ask about Melinda. She had run away and was totally unaware of what was going on now. Things had started to get bad quickly and she thought it best to get away.
	Besides, she didn't think Jonas could defeat the three men. There were some guys that started bullying Melinda. Jonas came to help and things escalated. She was fearful and fled.
	"I...decided to leave. I didn't want to stay. I felt a little uncomfortable so I came back first. Melinda is fine. She happened to meet a friend, so they went shopping together,"
	stuttered Yulia. Though Nelson was old, he was wise, so she dared not look at him at all. He could sense her lying and didn't like it one bit.
	Nelson heard the fear in her voice and snorted. He didn't believe that Yulia was telling the truth. She was lying and it was obvious. He knew Melinda well. If Yulia was really sick, Melinda wouldn't go shopping with her friend on her own.
	"Your sister-in-law went shopping with a friend. Is the friend more important than you?" he questioned her more. Pressuring her to tell the truth.
	Yulia was totally confused and took it for granted that Nelson was blaming Melinda for not taking good care of her. At this thought, she could not help feeling happy in her heart.
	"Grandpa, Melinda also has her own friends. I shouldn't bother her," she said coyly.
	Yulia pretended to be annoyed and blamed Melinda. She was trying to win his favor by throwing Melinda under the bus.
	"Yulia, do you think I'm a fool?" Nelson barked angrily. He was beginning to lose his patience. "Tell me where she is at!" he demanded.
	There was anger in Nelson's voice. Yulia finally realized she'd best tell the truth and she stammered, "She was stopped by a group of people. And Jonas appeared to protect her. So... I came back. I didn't want to be there. Things were getting heated so I left."
	Hearing this, Nelson was almost speechless. He couldn't believe that Yulia came back after she saw that Melinda was bullied. He was angry with Yulia and her selfishness.
	"Gavin, please send someone to help Jonas as soon as possible," he ordered.
	Lowering her head, Yulia didn't dare to speak a word. 'If I had known this, I wouldn't have come back,' she thought. She was frustrated by the situation and didn't know what to do.
	"Yulia, if anything happens to Melinda and Jonas, it will be on you," he told her sternly.
	Then he pointed at Yulia and angrily added, "Thank god, Jonas appeared to help. You ran away and left Melinda alone! What if Jonas was not there?" His voice was rising as his anger overcame him.
	The more Nelson thought about it, the angrier he became. He stood up and walked back and forth on his crutch. Yulia was still there, full of resentment and silently fuming.
	"Mr. Nelson, don't worry too much. Mr. Jonas will handle it well."
	Gavin tried to comfort him. Nelson sighed and finally sat down. He was old and tired.
	"How is there such an irresponsible person like you in our Gu family? How could you only think of yourself? It's so shameful. Yulia, don't contact Melinda anymore."
	Yulia was angry but she dared not to say anything. She bit her lip and sat there. Nelson asked Gavin to call Melinda, but the phone had been turned off, which worried him more.
	"What about Jonas's phone?"
	"No one answered,"
	Gavin said. Nelson was more worried than before. Thinking of the scene before she left, Yulia began to get worried. She weakly said, "Jonas said he had called the police. Everything should be fine."
	"Everything should be fine? Do you think it is reasonable for you to run away and leave them there as long as everything should be fine? If you called us earlier, things would be better than now."
	It would be best if Yulia didn't speak. Her words almost drove Nelson mad. Gavin stood aside, indicating that Yulia should stop talking and leave quietly.
	They still couldn't get in touch with them. Fortunately, Gavin arranged people to come to the place soon. There were signs of fighting and some bloodstains, but no one was there. It was empty.
	"Send someone to the shopping mall and check the security monitor. I want to know who is bullying our Gu family!"
	Nelson pounded the ground with his crutch, but the sound was muffled by the soft carpet.
	In the hospital, the smell of disinfectant was powerful. Melinda walked in with Jonas, whose whole body was draped on hers. Melinda was very tired, and with the help of a nurse, she took him to have a surgery examination and treat the wounds.
	Only when Melinda sat on the chair did she feel relieved. Then she remembered that she did not see Yulia. She didn't see her leave. She had slipped away quietly without a word.
	"Jonas, where is your phone?"
	Melinda asked Jonas who was lying on the bed. The doctor was treating his injuries. It was not until then that she knew there were many wounds on his body big and small. But he was so tolerant that he did not say anything.
	"It's in my jacket pocket,"
	Jonas said painfully, and then closed his eyes. The doctor took a look at her, but said nothing. Melinda took the phone, and Jonas told her the password. Then she quietly went to the corridor.
	"Grandpa, it's me."
	As soon as Melinda got through to home, Nelson talked to her worriedly. He was more concerned about Melinda than Jonas. This quickly warmed her heart.
	"Where are you, Melinda?" Nelson asked. "I sent someone to look for you but he didn't find you."
	"Grandpa, Jonas is injured and we're in the hospital now. Don't worry. He's all right now."
	It was true that she was not hurt at all. But Jonas's wounds might be serious. She was used to telling the good and concealing the bad. She was good at it.
	"Good. Now that you are in the hospital, you should have a check-up. I will handle this matter. I won't let you suffer for nothing." Melinda smiled quietly feeling cared for.
	Nelson exhaled a sigh of relief, reminded her, and made her a promise.
	"Grandpa, actually..." Melinda wanted to say that there was no need to investigate this matter, because she already knew who did it. But thinking of Jonas's injury, she held back the words on the tip of her tongue. She decided it was best to keep quiet.
	"What's wrong? If you have any problem, just tell me. Don't hesitate."
	Her hesitant tone made Nelson misunderstand that she had some unspeakable reason. Melinda shook her head, and then said, "Nothing, Grandpa. We're all fine. Don't worry. Go to bed early."
	After hanging up the phone, Melinda exhaled heavily. Then she walked into the doctor's office again. Since the wound had been treated, Jonas had to change into a hospital gown.
	He was tall, and the large patient clothes on him looked a little short. Melinda walked to hold Jonas.
	"He has internal injuries and will stay in the hospital for some time," the doctor said. Melinda was scared and worried for Jonas. He needed her and she would stay.
	The doctor arranged the VIP ward on the 7th floor for him. The 5th to 7th floors of the hospital were all for VIP wards. It was very quiet. Regular people couldn't get in. It felt exclusive, like a club, but a sad club.
	Since Jonas was in a single ward, it looked like an ordinary single apartment, or perhaps it was more luxurious. After lying down, Jonas quickly fell asleep. Melinda sat on the small sofa by the bed, found a book in the ward and read it quietly.
	The atmosphere between them was very quiet but warm. Melinda was a little sleepy, but she tried to hold it back. It was not until Jonas finished his drip that Melinda allowed herself to fall asleep by the side of the bed.
	Jonas woke up in a daze for a moment, and soon his eyes became clear. When he wanted to pull off the quilt, he felt something pressed it. Turning his head, he saw Melinda sleeping with her lips pouted.
	He curled his lips into a smile unconsciously, which he himself was not aware of. Then, Jonas stood up from the other side and tried to bring her to the bed. However, he felt a sharp pain in his chest and finally gave up. He himself was a patient in need of care now.
	Jonas covered Melinda with a blanket from the other bed in the room, then walked to the balcony and called William to arrange work.
	William was shocked when he heard that Jonas was injured. Then he felt frustrated. Since the boss was injured, he would carry the weight of the whole company.
	Jonas needed time to recover from the injury, but he was still able to deal with the affairs. When Melinda woke up, she saw William directing several people to bring a lot of things to the ward.
	While she was sleeping, the ward was completely changed, as if it were the office. She rubbed her neck, and the blanket fell to the ground.
	Melinda smiled, folded the blanket and put it aside. She was amused by his constant need to work.
	"Can't you just rest and relax for a while?" she said smiling. She was so relieved he was okay after the incident.
	Jonas was reading a book on the bed, and she was sure that this was the book she had read before. It was boring, which made her drowsier. However, Jonas was reading it with great pleasure.
	"I have to deal with some urgent documents. And I can rest after that,"
	Jonas answered indifferently as he put the book aside. William walked over at this moment. "Boss, the documents you need to deal with have been put there. If there isn't anything else, I'll leave you be."
	"Okay."
	William led the people out. On the table, Melinda found the things were divided into two piles. One was a pile of magazines, and it seemed to be prepared for her.
	"Are these the documents that you have to deal with?"
	Melinda asked while looking at the tall pile of paper. Jonas didn't answer her, but maybe his silence was the best answer.
	In the next few days, while Jonas was recovering and working, Melinda looked after him all the time. At the same time, she did her job as his temporary assistant, helping him with the chores. It was also at this time that she felt it difficult to be a boss of a big company.
	She always had a headache when hearing the things Jonas dealt with every day. And it was not because she could not understand what he was dealing with it was just all of it.
	At the same time, Emily was trying to figure out where Jonas was. She had followed William secretly and now she finally knew that Jonas was recuperating in the hospital.
Chapter 60 You Can't Attend It
	Melinda was searching the file for Jonas. Jonas nearly asked her to scrutinize the latest document. The reason that he did not allow it to happen was simple. He could read the data faster than her.
	"Knock, knock, knock."
	Hearing the usual tap, Melinda stopped what she was doing for a moment, handed over the file to Jonas, and made her way to open the door.
	Emily stood at the other side, tidied up her hair, and displayed a sweet smile to show her best impression. The moment the door opened, the two women looked at each other, and the atmosphere fell into an unusual silence.
	"Miss Bai."
	Melinda reacted first and then greeted Emily with a smile. Emily was unhappy to see her as a hostess, but she did not show it on her face.
	"Jonas, how are you feeling? I'm sorry that I haven't visited you for so long. I've been swamped with work. Thank you for taking care of him lately, Miss Mo."
	Emily went straight inside the ward, completely ignoring Melinda. Seeing that Jonas was awake and leaning against the bed, she sauntered up to him and said culpably, feeling very sorry for him.
	Her words put Melinda to embarrassment.
	Melinda's fingers barely wrapped on the door handle. Watching the two people being closer together, she couldn't explain what she felt.
	"You're hurt. How could William arrange so many tasks for you to do? I must talk to him next time."
	Noticing that Jonas was still dealing with documents, Emily appeared a little disappointed. She looked sulky and then took the papers from his hand and began to read it. If there was something that she didn't understand, she would ask him.
	They were so familiar with each other. Melinda looked down and gripped the doorknob tightly. Then she forced a smile and spun around, preparing to leave.
	Jonas was no longer in the mood for business at all. He didn't pay attention to what Emily read but kept an eye on Melinda's actions.
	"Melinda, please give Miss Bai some water to drink."
	After he realized that Melinda was about to go, Jonas called her out. Melinda froze and then shut the door. She poured a glass of water for Emily.
	Emily had been watching them from the corner of her eyes. She was secretly excited when she saw that Melinda was about to leave them alone, but she did not expect Jonas to let her stay for such a reason.
	But this was an insult to Melinda right on her face. How could Jonas ask her to take care of Emily's needs as if she was a special guest?
	"If there is nothing else that you want, I will head out first."
	Standing aside and feeling left out, Melinda was slightly uneasy with this set-up. This room was spacious, but there was no place for her to situate herself.
	"Who's going to take care of me once you're not around? You can take some rest first, and then return,"
	Jonas said. Yet, he was a little annoyed that Melinda didn't realize he was trying to stop her from leaving the room.
	Melinda pursed her lips and wanted to take off. Seeing his persistent look, she finally sat down on the other bed.
	During the last few days, she had been spending much time at the hospital. She slept beside the bed of Jonas, making her feel relieved.
	When she saw Melinda retrace her steps and take a seat, Emily felt uncomfortable and stopped going through the files. She turned her back and walked towards Melinda.
	"Miss Mo, I have some personal concerns to tell Jonas. I wonder..."
	Emily bit her lips and hesitated, but her eyes indicated that she hoped Melinda would disappear and not disturb them.
	"Okay,"
	Melinda said softly, picked up the book on the pillow, and began to read. Her attitude made Emily extremely displeased. Emily took a few deep breaths.
	"Miss Mo, Jonas needs a quiet rest."
	Emily did not give up and continued to speak. Finally, Melinda looked up at her, and then said coolly, "Are you leaving? Why not stay for some more time?"
	Hearing what she said, Emily could no longer hide her anger.
	"Melinda, you can understand human language, right? Jonas doesn't like you. Don't stay here to disturb him."
	"It was Jonas who asked me to tarry here."
	No matter what Emily said, Melinda only returned a faint smile. It seemed that she was not affected at all, but she had already felt a surge in her heart.
	"Melinda, this is the first time I've grasped that you're so shameless. You've been relying on Grandpa to get hold of Jonas. Have you ever thought that you're just making him resent you more?"
	Emily said. She positioned her whole body against Melinda and leaned closer to her ears to make sure that Jonas would not hear her words.
	"Really? Miss Bai, don't you know that it was Jonas who begged me to return home?"
	However, Melinda didn't overthink and said it directly. By now, Jonas realized that they were arguing.
	"Shut up,"
	Jonas said coldly, interrupting the feud between the two women in an instant. Taking a look at Jonas, Melinda slowly closed the book, and then turned around and left the hospital.
	"Jonas, you..."
	Emily slammed the door and left angrily. Both of them were furious, but they expressed their hatred in entirely different ways.
	Jonas suddenly felt quiet but felt awkward for no reason.
	After leaving the hospital, Melinda took a taxi back to the Gu's mansion. Nelson was giving his pet fishes food. He was a little surprised to see her again.
	"Melinda, why are you coming home now?"
	Nelson gave the fish food to Gavin and walked up to Melinda on his crutch. Seeing that Melinda looked a little pale, he began to speculate.
	"Nothing. Are you feeding the fishes, Grandpa?"
	Melinda restrained her emotions and smiled at Nelson. Nelson sighed in his heart. She didn't say anything about what happened, which made him feel more distressed.
	"How is Jonas?"
	Nelson asked. On the way back to home, Melinda had gradually calmed down. She then told him Jonas's condition in detail. She was the only one who looked after him these days, so besides the doctor, she knew his situation best.
	"Emily went to the hospital?"
	Nelson frowned and asked as he thought, 'Why does this girl keep going back like a ghost?' Melinda noticed that Nelson's tone was not right, but she didn't consider it much. She simply nodded.
	"Emily went to the hospital to visit Jonas today."
	Nelson asked her the question, and she answered. Then he inquired about something else. After discerning that Melinda didn't look all right, he asked her to rest.
	"Gavin, you go to the hospital to arrange Jonas's discharge so he can go home,"
	Nelson told Gavin as soon as Melinda was nowhere in sight. Gavin knew what Nelson was thinking about, so he quickly organized the things needed for his release. When Jonas heard the news, he just concluded a video conference.
	Gavin had prepared everything. All Jonas needed to do was to clothe himself up. When he returned home, Nelson was waiting for him in the study.
	"Grandpa."
	When his grandfather asked him to go home, he thought that there must be a reason. Now that he was in the study, he became surer of his suspicion.
	"Jonas, do you still remember what I told you?"
	Jonas didn't answer. Nelson had told him a lot of things, and he was confused now.
	"Melinda is your wife. I hope you can keep some distance from the other woman and do not contact her again."
	Although Nelson didn't say any name, Jonas could guess that he was talking about Emily. Thinking back of what had happened before, he imagined that it must be Melinda who had shared something to Nelson.
	"Got it,"
	Jonas replied hastily. After persuading him for a while, Nelson felt pity for him since he was still recovering, so he asked Jonas to go back to his bedroom to lie down for a rest.
	Melinda was drying her hair and was startled to see Jonas, who was suddenly home. She almost had her hair tangled up in the hairdryer.
	"Why are you back?"
	Melinda switched off the device and asked in shock. Thinking that Jonas was unwell, she went out to help him, but he refused her help.
	Melinda's hand froze and then withdrew as if nothing had happened.
	"Shouldn't you be the one who knew why I came back?"
	asked Jonas with irony. Melinda looked innocent, which made Jonas sneer from the inside.
	Melinda was puzzled, but she was used to not explaining, so Jonas felt that Melinda realized what she had done.
	"Melinda, please remember that we are just partners. Don't be fantasizing about something that doesn't belong to you."
	Hearing his emotionless words, Melinda stopped breathing for a second. Then she smiled and accepted all the misunderstanding. "Of course I remember that."
	The two of them parted. The frustration Melinda felt at the moment seemed to have lingered for a long time.
	She thought that in this time of reconciliation, Jonas should know her well. But she did not anticipate that as long as it was related to Emily, Jonas would still be so unreasonable and concluded that everything was her fault.
	Melinda turned on her computer but was unable to type a word. Her fingers slid on the screen of her mobile phone, and the name Kent came into her sight.
	"Mellie?"
	Kent was surprised upon receiving the phone call from Melinda. After all, they hadn't communicated with each other for a long time. But when they kept in touch again, their mentality had changed.
	"Kent."
	Melinda was a little ashamed, but then she felt relieved. Calling out his name seemed to bring the two closer to each other.
	"Mellie, is there anything wrong?"
	Kent understood her best. Her tone indicated that she was not in a pleasant mood. Melinda smiled and said that she was doing well, and it was because they hadn't seen each other for a while.
	"I'm about to get married, Mellie. I'm going to hold the wedding next week. Will you come?"
	After a long silence, Kent spoke. His words stunned her, but she gave him her sincere wishes.
	It was great for him to find his happiness.
	"Kent, don't forget to send my invite."
	Kent told her that she could use her face as the invitation. Melinda felt much better after a short chat.
	Melinda hung up the phone and turned around, only to find Jonas standing not far away and looking at her with a grave face.
	"Is Kent going to hold a wedding?"
	Hearing what he said, Melinda realized that Jonas listened to a lot of their conversation.
	"Yes."
	"You can't attend it."
	The forceful words came out of Jonas's mouth in an arrogant manner, which upset Melinda.
Chapter 61 To Say Goodbye
	"And why is that?" Melinda asked, when she finally broke out of her astonishment. Jonas had subtly emphasized their relationship was nothing more than partnership a while ago.
	For him to suddenly act possessively, and over such a small matter, was confusing to his wife. 'What is he even trying to say?'
	Jonas leaned against the doorframe and crossed his arms over his chest. "If you go there, you will only bring shame on the Gu family," he drawled out. Melinda wanted to punch his pompous face.
	"What are you talking about? What shame? Kent and I are friends, and he’s getting married. It’s only natural for me to celebrate it with him and offer my best wishes." Melinda paused and mimicked Jonas’s stance. "What’s going on in your mind, exactly?"
	Jonas snorted and rolled his eyes, and it only made his wife even more pissed at him. "If I say I don’t want you to go, then you can’t go." With that, he turned and walked away with a satisfied smirk on his face.
	In spite of her bafflement, Melinda felt outraged at the childish way her husband was acting, and the means with which he exercised his whims. 'Damn it, he isn’t called a tyrant for nothing!'
	If Jonas expressly forbade it, there was no way Melinda could work her way around his iron-clad word. She paced back and forth in the room, nibbling on the tip of her thumb as she thought the matter over.
	After a while an idea came to her, and she hurried over to the main villa to speak with Nelson. If there was anyone who had greater authority over Jonas’s instructions, it was Nelson.
	As soon as she got there, Melinda recounted the whole situation to the old man. "Grandpa, Kent and I really are just friends. He’s helped me a lot through my toughest times. Of course I want to give him my best wishes on his special day."
	Nelson sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. "Don’t worry, child. I’ll discuss this with Jonas for you." It didn’t take much convincing to get their grandfather on her side, and it relieved Melinda greatly.
	Soon after that Jonas was called into Nelson’s study, and the door remained shut for a considerable amount of time. She had no idea what warranted such a lengthy conversation.
	All she knew was that Jonas came out with a thunderous expression on his face, and he was grumbling when he told her she could attend the wedding.
	Having achieved her goal, Melinda chose not to dwell on the matter any longer. The important thing was that she would be able to give Kent her blessing.
	The ceremony was set to be held in a five-star hotel within a week’s time. As far as she knew, Kent personally took care of the banquet design. He did make a few calls to Melinda, asking her for some input.
	She was a writer, after all, and her imagination was bound to be more profound. Besides, women usually knew what other women wanted.
	On the day of the wedding, Melinda wore a lilac dress paired with nude pumps. She donned a white windbreaker coat over it, making the perfect picture of a well-dressed woman from a rich family.
	When she came down the stairs that afternoon to leave, she spotted Jonas lounging on the living room sofa, sipping coffee while reading the newspaper. He was wearing a black coat over his suit.
	That was a curious detail, but her thoughts were sidetracked by how devastatingly handsome her husband was. He looked like a regal senior official.
	As soon as he saw her, Jonas put down the newspaper and rose. He looked utterly displeased as he looked Melinda up and down, although his eyes may have lingered a tad longer on her luscious mouth.
	"Let’s go," he finally said, a little roughly, the frown never leaving his face.
	"Wait, what?" Melinda was just about to walk past, but turned instead to look at her husband.
	"Are you attending the wedding or not?" Jonas asked impatiently, grabbing his car keys from one of the side tables. "What are you saying? Are you coming with me?" Melinda was dumbfounded at this development.
	Jonas gave a loud sigh of frustration. "What’s wrong with that? Am I not allowed to accompany my own wife?"
	"Of course that’s not what I meant, I mean... all right, forget it." Melinda could see that this exchange was starting to aggravate him, and she’d rather not provoke him any further lest she kept her from going at the last minute. "Just remember that you already agreed I could go. Don’t go breaking your word out of the blue."
	"Look, Grandpa was the one who asked me to go with you, okay?"
	Well, that would make sense, actually, since Jonas didn’t look a bit like he wanted to escort her in the first place. Letting the matter slide, Melinda led the way out of the mansion, and they left for Kent’s wedding.
	The ceremony would begin at six in the evening. Since it was still a few hours away, people were milling about in the banquet hall, getting acquainted with each other over cocktails and hors d’oeuvres.
	The venue was bright and lively, and the sweet, romantic scent of flowers wafted around the room. Melinda had her hand on Jonas’s arm when they entered.
	Charles and Janet, Kent’s parents, were stationed near the entrance, greeting the guests as they arrived.
	When they saw Melinda, Janet got a little flushed in the face, but they both greeted her with warm smiles. The man beside Melinda was rather handsome, but he had a cold, expressionless face.
	He looked like he was about to attend a funeral instead of a wedding. Catching herself, Janet brushed away her negative thoughts and asked kindly, "Hello, Melinda dear. And who might this be?"
	"Oh, this is my husband, Jonas Gu." Melinda turned to Jonas as she introduced him, but his expression did not change.
	She tugged at his sleeve and muttered under her breath, "This is meant to be a joyous celebration, fix your face!"
	"Oh, so this is your husband," Janet said at that moment, having noted the quiet tension between the couple. "I’ve heard that he is a successful young man, and very dashing, too, I see. Melinda, dear, you’re very lucky."
	"Oh thank you, Kent’s bride looks very beautiful as well." Melinda gushed as her husband kept his stony silence. "Well, we won’t keep you. I’m sure you have plenty other guests you need to greet."
	She pulled the sulking man with her into the hall and looked for a table. A big screen was put up near the front, and it displayed a photo of the bride and groom.
	They looked really happy together, and looking at it gave way to a pang of envy in Melinda’s heart.
	Kent was off to one side, talking with some of his guests. When he spotted Melinda, he excused himself and came over to where she and Jonas sat.
	"Melinda, Mr. Gu," he greeted with a grin before plopping himself down next to her. He helped himself to a glass of water on the table.
	"Look at you, you’re very handsome today," Melinda chirped. The elders usually said that people were the most beautiful and the most handsome on their wedding day.
	She gave him her best wishes, and it was quickly followed by a light banter between Kent and herself as they joked about their shared past.
	Their friendly repartee was soon interrupted by a snort from Melinda’s other side. She and Kent shared a look and smiled at each other awkwardly.
	Melinda jabbed at Jonas’s side with her elbow. "If you don’t want to be here, you can just leave." She knew from the start that it was a mistake to bring Jonas here.
	Jonas kept silent after that, but the chill he carried with him remained. Kent and Melinda paid him no mind and carried on with their conversation. They were old friends after all. They should be able to talk freely without shame.
	Kent started to talk about his wife-to-be, and Melinda expressed her interest. Their exchange became even livelier.
	Jonas maintained his expression the entire time, and soon people who passed by their table were giving them strange looks.
	"Mr. Gu," Kent finally spoke up. "Is there perhaps something about this ceremony that you are dissatisfied with?" Kent also had a temper to be reckoned with, and Jonas had been consistently pulling at his tether.
	Jonas only gave him a lazy look and drawled out, "It’s so noisy." Melinda pinched his arm.
	Kent gave him a big, sarcastic smile. "I beg your pardon, Mr. Gu, but we ordinary people consider weddings as a joyous occasion. I imagine it’s vastly different from your own wedding, which primarily involved signing contracts."
	There were a number of guests milling about nearby, drawn by the obviously charged interaction they were having in their table.
	At Kent’s words, people were turning and looking at them intently, obviously rather interested in the potential gossip.
	Kent and Jonas were glaring at each other, the former with a sarcastic, challenging glint in his eyes, the latter with a cold, unrelenting energy that radiated throughout his body.
	A slow smile began to spread on Jonas’s lips, alarming Melinda. She hurriedly spoke up to break the tension.
	"Kent, I think I see some of your old classmates. Why don’t you go and greet them?"
	If she let these two short-tempered men be, things would have escalated quickly. It would have been an ugly encounter, and they would have attracted a lot of unwanted public attention.
	Understanding the desperate plea on her face, Kent yielded and rose to go to his friends. When he left, Melinda immediately turned to Jonas, fully prepared to let loose on him.
	"Did you come here only to start a fight and make a mess?"
	She only got a scoff in response; Jonas said nothing. Instead he reached for a glass of water and took his time sipping it. The air around them grew colder, and being alone with him gave Melinda the dreadful sense that she was definitely screwed.
	Thankfully, Kent came back after a short while. He headed straight to Melinda and popped a question. "Melinda, will you be my wife’s maid of honor?"
	Melinda’s jaw dropped in shock. Before she could say anything in reply, Jonas barked out a firm "No."
	Melinda and Kent both ignored him. "I’m already married, though, is that okay?" After all, there were still some people who were adamantly traditional when it came to wedding ceremonies—it was not auspicious to have a married woman as the maid of honor.
	Kent was quick to assure here. "That doesn’t matter at all. All you need to do is walk with her down the aisle and hand us the rings when it’s time."
	"Well, then it would be my honor," Melinda said with a smile. As the groom left to see to other preparations, Melinda felt the weight of her husband’s stare.
	He stirred as if about to say something, and she cut him off immediately, "Don’t even think about stirring up any more trouble, Jonas."
	Soon after that, other women from the bride’s entourage came to their table to take her to change. She was brought to the bride’s dressing room, where Kent’s soon to be wife sat in an enchanting wedding dress.
	Melinda approached and congratulated her, to which she gave a reserved smile and a quiet thank you. She knew who this woman was, and what her role was in her groom’s life, so she chose her as one of her bridesmaids.
	The other women gave Melinda her dress, and led her to a small room. The dresses the entourage wore was a light shade of blue, varying only in the styles they were cut. Melinda’s was an off-shoulder ensemble, perfect for showing off her collarbones and elegant neck.
	She arranged her hair into a classy braid that went around head, fastening it near her nape with a pearl-crusted clip. She combed out her fringes, which made a dainty little curtain that accentuated the fine and delicate features of her face.
	When she was done fixing herself she emerged into the common room. Silence met her as the rest of the entourage gathered there and stared at her appearance with no small amount of awe.
	Just as Melinda was starting to feel awkward, the bride went up to her and took her hand. "My bridesmaid is so beautiful. I’m very fortunate."
	Looking at the bride’s kind smile, Melinda smiled in relief. "Thank you."
	At six o’clock, the guests were called into attention, and the ceremony commenced. Every so often, Melinda would peek at Jonas from where she stood, just to make sure he wasn’t stirring up any more trouble than he already had.
	The whole affair went on smoothly, and soon it was time for the couple to exchange rings and say their vows. Melinda executed her task and handed over the rings, and then retreated with the other bridesmaids to the back of the couple.
	"Is there anything the groom would like to say to his bride?" The officiating celebrant’s voice rang out. The microphone was then positioned towards Kent, and he began to speak, "Today, the woman I once loved has come to bestow us her best wishes, and even graced my bride and I the honor of bringing us our wedding rings, which are to be the token of our lifelong love."
	A heavy silence fell on the hall, and Melinda froze where she stood. 'What's happening?' She kept her head down, dreading what might come next.
	Already a muffled buzz went around among the guests, which was to be expected, in light of the groom’s words.
	But then Kent continued, "I believe everyone deserves to have their first love, whom they had shared their growth and their hardships, come to send you off as you embark on your new life, with your new love.
	It’s a poetic way, I think, to come full circle. And I am grateful that I can say goodbye to her now, in a manner that allows me to embrace my new love at the same time."
	He paused and looked deep into his bride’s eyes. "I love you, and I will love you forever."
	Melinda finally looked up, in time to see Kent slip the ring on his bride’s finger. His bride didn’t look unsettled at all. If anything, there was an assured and joyous resolve in her expression.
	While her entourage tittered with the unexpected way things could have turned out, the bride had the calmest face. It somewhat calmed Melinda as well. In spite of their momentary discomfort, the two women were grateful for Kent’s honesty.
	The microphone was then handed over towards the bride. "My new husband seems to be honest to a fault," she joked, and a round of awkward laughter traveled the hall.
	"Thank you, my love. I shall take you up on your offer, and grow old with you, and relish in the lifetime love confession that you have offered me."
	Then, in front of all their friends and family, the couple kissed, marking the end of the ceremony. The crowd applauded, and the entourage went back to their seats.
Chapter 62 A Quarrel
	Jonas was sitting alone and the food on the table remained untouched. Melinda pulled a chair and sat next to him. She knitted her eyebrows and studied his face. He was grumpy and annoyed.
	"Why don't you eat something?"
	Melinda shook her head, picked some food for Jonas, and a dessert for herself. The chaos had made her ravenous.
	When she took a bite and savored its taste, her eyes flitted to Jonas. He was staring at her coldly.
	She finally put the chopstick down and stood up to greet Kent and his relatives.
	She bid goodbye to them and went home with Jonas. The drive to the villa was quiet and Jonas was still irritable.
	Melinda walked into the villa and plopped heavily on the sofa. She heard angry footsteps that vibrated through the carpet.
	Jonas stood in front of her, breathing heavily. The collar of his coat was crumpled as if he had been crushing it in anger.
	Melinda couldn't understand what was wrong with him. He was annoyed during the wedding and was behaving the same way even after getting home.
	Jonas's eyes were fixed on Melinda. He was staring at her almost as if he was trying to read her mind. Melinda shifted on her seat as she became uncomfortable by the intensity of his gaze.
	She finally tilted her head and looked at him. The vein on his forehead was pulsing wildly as he was trying hard to control his anger.
	She wondered what she had done to upset him. She moved aside and patted on the empty side of the sofa, motioning Jonas to sit down.
	"What's wrong with you?" she asked, knitting her eyebrows.
	"Wow! So you don't know why I'm upset? Kent is finally married but you're still involved with him. Did you ever think about me?" Jonas growled.
	Melinda understood that Jonas was furious because of what Kent said during the wedding. She was annoyed too and didn't put up with him.
	Melinda glared at Jonas. She was mad at him for not trusting her. How dare he question her?
	"I'm not involved with him. Kent is just my friend," Melinda yelled.
	"He is just your friend?
	Is that what he is? Then why are you still involved with him?"
	Jonas asked, arching an eyebrow. He didn't seem to believe her.
	Melinda closed her eyes and blew out a loud breath. She didn't want to argue with him.
	She opened her eyes and her face softened. She understood that Jonas was annoyed because he was possessive of her.
	Jonas's words were coated with jealousy. He couldn't see her getting closer to Kent.
	Melinda's heart bubbled with joy.
	She needed to clearly explain her relationship with Kent. Otherwise, Jonas would torture himself thinking about it.
	Jonas was incredibly stupid to be insecure because Melinda only cared about him and not Kent. She would never get involved with him.
	"What do you want, Jonas?" Melinda asked softly, trying to hide the happiness simmering in her heart.
	She was ecstatic to find out that Jonas was jealous.
	"I want you to stay away from others, except for me," Jonas said possessively.
	The usual arrogance and cockiness were gone. He was vulnerable almost as if he was afraid of losing Melinda.
	"I'll stay away from everyone but you. I promise,"
	Melinda said sincerely.
	Jonas's body seemed to visibly relax.
	He nodded and remained quiet.
	Having told her what she needed to do, Jonas stood up and left.
	Melinda's face broke into a moronic grin as he watched Jonas leave. She clamped her mouth with her hand that muffled her laughter.
	Melinda understood that Jonas cared about her but his anger always frightened her.
	When Melinda went to her room at night, she saw that Jonas was already lying on the bed with his back towards her.
	Melinda understood that he was still angry.
	She sighed and lay on the bed next to him.
	Jonas was completely still. Melinda smiled and wrapped her arms around his waist from behind.
	She felt his muscles stiffen under her fingers but they seemed to relax immediately. But Jonas didn't utter a word.
	Melinda closed her eyes and drifted off to a peaceful sleep with a smile on her face. Melinda's breath was rhythmically blowing against Jonas's neck. He understood that she had fallen asleep.
	He rolled closer to her side and held her in his arms.
	The morning light bounced off Jonas's face. He didn't realize when he had fallen asleep but as he woke up, he saw that Melinda was resting her head on his chest. A smile tugged at the corners of his lips.
	Jonas closed his eyes and remembered the argument they had the previous night.
	He was furious and had asked Melinda to stay away from everyone but him.
	His face flustered with embarrassment. He wondered if Melinda had sensed the jealousy in his tone. His mind was clouded with anger and he didn't realize what he was saying.
	But Jonas was surprised by Melinda's unusual calmness.
	She had even promised to stay away from others, which gave him immense joy.
	Melinda slowly opened her eyes. Jonas's manly scent filled her lungs. She snuggled closer and realized that Jonas wasn't mad at her anymore.
	She was overjoyed but didn't want to show it. She pretended like she wasn't interested in talking with him.
	Jonas became more embarrassed when he saw that Melinda was awake. He knew that it was his fault. He shouldn't have yelled at her. But he felt too awkward to apologize to her.
	He sat up, smoothed Melinda's hair, and got out of bed.
	Jonas cleared his throat. "Well, it's time to get up."
	When Melinda's eyes met his, he quickly averted his gaze and turned away.
	Melinda glanced at Jonas. She couldn't help but smile at how adorable he was. She bit her lip and sat up.
	Melinda knew that Jonas was too embarrassed to apologize to her but she didn't seem bothered about it. She would be happy as long as Jonas wasn't mad at her.
	They soon forgot about the argument and got along well with each other.
	As Melinda had promised, she stayed away from others.
	Everything was back to normal and the two of them became closer than ever. They hardly quarreled, and even if they did, they would resolve soon.
	Emily was aware of everything. Her hatred for Melinda grew even more.
	Jonas and Melinda were inseparable and it wasn't easy for her to break them up.
	Emily was disappointed and frustrated. She decided to find another way to get rid of Melinda.
	Her thoughts wandered to Yulia. She always considered Melinda as a potential threat and wanted her out of the Gu family, so that she could seize the position of Nelson's favorite granddaughter.
	Therefore, Emily decided to team up with her and take Melinda down.
	Emily arranged a meeting with Yulia. The two of them were sitting at a cafe.
	"What do you want from me?"
	Yulia asked, coming straight to the point.
	She knew that Emily had called her to discuss something important. Otherwise, she had no reason to meet her.
	"I want you to do something for me,"
	Emily replied.
	"Huh? What do you want me to do?"
	Although Yulia wasn't interested in helping Emily, she was curious to find out what she needed from her.
	"I want you to help me get rid of Melinda,"
	Emily said, clenching her fists. The mere thought of Melinda infuriated her.
	"What made you think I will help you?" Yulia asked, arching an eyebrow.
	"I know you hate her as much as I do."
	Emily sneered.
	"So What's your plan?"
	Yulia asked, rubbing her hands excitedly.
	"Isn't Jonas's company looking for the spokesperson for the key product?"
	Yulia nodded, gesturing Emily to go on.
	"I know that Melinda has applied for the position. She will be attending the interview." Emily massaged her temples and continued. "I've applied for the same position and I'll be attending the interview with her. Once we work together and repress her, I will become the spokesperson.
	I'm cannot wait to see Melinda's sorry face when she finds out that she isn't the spokesperson."
	Emily smirked.
	Yulia pursed her lips and thought about the plan.
	She finally decided to work with Emily. Everyone in the Gu family celebrated Melinda and Yulia would replace her position if she managed to get rid of her.
	"Okay,
	I'll help you,"
	Yulia said, extending her hand for Emily to take. This was a rare opportunity and she didn't want to miss it.
	Emily shook her hand and smiled. Yulia and Emily worked together and managed to defeat Melinda. Emily became the spokesperson of the key product of Soaring Group.
	Emily wasn't surprised by the result. No matter how talented Melinda was, she was still a loser as she had failed in the interview.
	Melinda could be with Jonas now but Emily was sure that he would come back to her sooner or later.
	Emily was proud of herself and couldn't wait for Jonas to find the result. He would understand that she was a beauty with brains, whereas Melinda was just an ordinary woman.
	She was overjoyed and wanted to dance in celebration.
Chapter 63 A Dispute
	At this time, the Gu family also learned that Emily had become the spokesperson of the company.
	The first one who disagreed with this appointment was Nelson.
	Nelson didn't like Emily and thought that she always came off as a bit sketchy. She was young but had a devious character.
	On the contrary, he liked Melinda very much. He thought she was gentle and sensible, and she was always obedient.
	Nelson had intended to appoint Melinda as the company's spokesperson. She was beautiful, lovely, pure and kindhearted, and she was more suitable to be a company's image spokesperson than Emily.
	But Nelson had never thought that Emily would be chosen as the spokesperson of the company from right under his nose without his consent.
	Nelson was angry beyond reproach after he realized who their choice was. He didn't understand why they had settled on Emily as the spokesperson and not Melinda.
	Therefore, an outraged Nelson instantly thought of Jonas. His grandson was the CEO of the company, so he was going to ask him for an explanation and to immediately replace the spokesperson.
	There was no way Nelson would allow Emily to be the spokesperson of the company.
	Therefore, Nelson urgently called Jonas and asked him to come back home immediately.
	After receiving a call from Nelson, Jonas did not waste any time, and quickly went back home.
	When he entered the living room, he saw Nelson sitting on the sofa impatiently waiting for him.
	Meanwhile, Jonas slowly strolled to the sofa opposite where Nelson was sitting and sat down.
	Looking at the serious expression on Nelson's face, Jonas could tell that he was burning with anger deep in his heart. He figured that he would know soon. His grandfather must have something important to tell him since he had asked him to come home urgently.
	"Grandpa, what is so important that you had to call me back? What do you want to tell me?"
	Jonas asked after hesitating for a while. He didn't want to offend the old man and blow off his fuse.
	Nelson still didn't say anything, but looked at him seriously as if trying to choose his words carefully.
	"What's wrong? Grandpa, is everything okay?" asked Jonas starting to panic a little bit since he thought it might be Nelson's health.
	"Go back to the company and change the spokesperson you just appointed,"
	Nelson said, with uncontrollable anger in his voice.
	Jonas didn't understand why his grandpa was so upset with Emily being appointed as the spokesperson of his company.
	So he asked in confusion, "Why, what's wrong with the current appointment? Grandpa, why are you so opposed to Emily being the spokesperson? Isn't Emily good enough for the post? Why do you suddenly want me to change her?"
	"I have no reason she is simply not suitable to be a spokesperson and a representative of the company's image, so I want you to change the spokesperson immediately,"
	Nelson answered him firmly, leaving no room for discussion so Jonas realized he really couldn't change his mind although he would try.
	"But Grandpa, I don't think it's a good idea to change Emily so soon after making a public announcement."
	Jonas still tried to negotiate with his grandfather so that he didn't have to replace Emily, but Nelson objected vehemently.
	"What's wrong with you? I thought we have finished this discussion and I have asked you to fire her. Haven't you been listening to your grandfather?"
	Nelson's reply blocked Jonas's mid-sentence and he had to reluctantly agree to his grandfather's demands.
	Now that he was sitting face to face with his grandfather, he couldn't refuse. It wasn't like if they were speaking on phone and he could pretend that he was busy and hadn't heard him well.
	"Okay,"
	Jonas agreed finally.
	Hearing his positive response, Nelson was no longer looking so serious. He smiled in delight and said, "No wonder you are my favorite grandson."
	Meanwhile, Jonas went back to the company and informed the company's senior officials that they had decided to change the spokesperson and Emily's services would no longer be needed.
	The senior officials in the company were all confused when they heard the news. They didn't understand why Jonas would make such a decision all of a sudden.
	Therefore, the senior officials of the company all went to find Jonas and question why he had changed his mind all of a sudden. It was not a good time to keep changing public statements and people they had appointed into new positions.
	Jonas had no choice but to stand by that decision because it was made by his grandfather and he could not contradict his grandfather.
	Jonas felt helpless. Even though he was the CEO of the company, he still had to report to his grandfather who basically controlled every decision he made.
	Even when his grandfather asked him to change the spokesperson of the company at once, he couldn't do anything about it and had to do as he was told like a little boy.
	Jonas felt heavy in his heart because he had to make a difficult choice.
	One was the fact that he had to consider his grandpa who had a tough attitude, and the other was to make a consideration for a woman that he once liked. Now his grandpa was asking him to change the spokesperson, which was a really difficult choice to make but he had no other easier options.
	He had to listen to his grandfather.
	Therefore, Jonas decided to change the spokesperson for the company after thinking through his options and coming up with no better idea.
	Jonas felt that he was a loser and a puppet in the company because he couldn't even make any decision. As long as Nelson asked him to do something, he had no choice but to comply with his demands.
	Thinking of his decision, Jonas felt guilty about Emily, who had to be replaced by another person, for no good reason except for the mere fact that his grandpa disliked her.
	Just as he was in deep thought, his cell phone vibrated on the table, alerting him that he had a call from Emily.
	When he saw Emily's name on the screen, Jonas was raked with a new wave of guilt. He didn't know whether he should answer it or not.
	But at last, Jonas decided to pick up the phone and face the consequences of his actions.
	"Hello, may I speak to Jonas?"
	Before Jonas could say a single word, Emily's voice came through the phone.
	"Yes, this is him speaking,"
	Jonas replied in a low voice full of guilt.
	"Jonas, you can replace me by someone else as the spokesperson."
	There was a moment of silence before Emily finally decided to bring up the topic.
	"So I assume you were aware of everything?"
	Jonas felt guiltier and guiltier because he hadn't expected that Emily would tell him that she was willing to step down from the position of the spokesperson.
	"I know you have no choice but to fire me. So I'm okay with the decision."
	Emily generously gave up and was also being so considerate.
	Jonas knew that although Emily had given up being the spokesperson of the company on her own initiative, she must be a little sad. After all, no matter who it was, she would still feel offended and hurt.
	"I'm sorry, but my grandfather asked me to fire you. It wasn't a decision I could have made so easily. I didn't mean to offend you,"
	Jonas told Emily the truth and hoped that she would understand that he had no control over the decision and didn't want to fire her.
	"It's okay. I know your Grandpa doesn't like me. Maybe it's because he thinks I'm not good enough for the job, but I don't care. You shouldn't feel guilty,"
	Emily chuckled and tried to comfort Jonas.
	Hearing her statement, Jonas heaved a sigh of relief, feeling lighter in his heart. He stood up and walked towards the huge French window which had a beautiful view.
	The weather outside was good but he was not in a good mood, so even the surroundings were depressing for him.
	Jonas took a deep breath, but the guilt and helplessness were rooted in his heart.
	"Emily, thank you so much. Thank you for giving up the position without putting up any resistance."
	Actually, Jonas didn't know what to say, but expressed his gratitude to Emily.
	Meanwhile, Emily kept comforting Jonas on the other side through the phone.
	Emily appeared so considerate and empathetic, and Jonas kept talking to her. It was as if he had finally found an opportunity to talk to Emily, and he did so without any reservations.
	"I really want to manage the company well, not only because I am the CEO of the company, but also because I want to make the company bigger and better."
	Jonas finally spoke out what had been weighing down on his heart and he had managed to talk it out with Emily who gave him a listening ear that he had been craving.
	"I know. You have always been a capable and insightful person. I believe that you will manage the company well and make it prosper," Emily gently comforted Jonas.
	Emily's affirmation gave Jonas the encouragement he needed, which relaxed him a little, because Emily could understand him, she could understand what he was thinking and feeling.
	"But now I'm controlled by my grandfather like a puppet. I really don't want to be treated like this, but I have no choice. It was my grandfather who pushed me to take this position, so I have to listen to him."
	There was a weary sadness in his voice. He felt powerless.
	"I am such a loser,"
	Jonas said with self-mockery.
	"No, you're not. You've always been the best at what you do, or else the company wouldn't have done so well while under your leadership. Your grandfather may have his own reasons for dictating and giving orders to you."
	Emily kept praising Jonas and told him not to be so self-loathing.
	In fact, Emily almost exploded when she learnt that Nelson had suddenly asked Jonas to change her from the position of the spokesperson. How could she not be angry?
	But she had to pretend to be a kind person and comfort Jonas.
	It would be great to make Jonas feel increasingly guilty about the decision that they took about her.
	A sinister smile appeared on Emily's face, but it was a pity that Jonas couldn't see it through the phone.
	Emily didn't belittle Nelson, but praised him all the time, which made Jonas feel good.
	Jonas felt good because what Emily said injected a ray of sunshine into his heart and made him very cheerful.
	Jonas also felt much relieved after talking to Emily and telling her everything.
	"Thank you, Emily. It's so kind of you to give your time and listen to me."
	Jonas was grateful to Emily from the bottom of his heart. She was willing to listen to his words and instead of being impatient, she kept comforting him.
	"You don't need to say 'thank you' to me, I didn't do anything much,"
	Emily immediately replied.
	Jonas couldn't help but smile. He liked Emily more and more at the thought that she was so considerate. Why didn't his grandfather like her? He couldn't understand his reasoning.
	At the same time, he was getting more and more dissatisfied with Nelson. But he could not express his feelings, because he was his grandfather.
	When he hung up the phone, Jonas wasn't as depressed as he had been before. He felt better and his heart was not as heavy as it was before.
	After hanging up the phone, Emily was very satisfied. She had effortlessly given up her position and comforted Jonas, which must have made Jonas have more positive feelings towards her.
	Emily was very proud of her ingenious idea and accomplishments.
Chapter 64 Monitoring
	Yulia was in her bedroom. The large French windows were open, making the pink curtains billow in the cool breeze. Her silver mobile phone shone in the night almost as brilliantly as her diamond earrings.
	"Why did you give up the chance of being the spokesperson? Without this opportunity, you'll have one less excuse to approach my brother."
	There was a trace of dissatisfaction in her voice. She grabbed the fluttering gauze curtain with one hand. For a moment, Yulia imagined this to be Melinda. How she wished she could tear it apart into pieces.
	"I have my reasons why I did what I did."
	Thinking of the way Jonas looked at her today, Emily knew that she did the right thing. If she made Jonas get into a serious fight with Nelson and failed to get the spokesman, it would be a huge loss.
	After all, Yulia was raised in the ivory tower, and she was only capable to connive at naive little tricks. Sometimes, the best way to move forward was to take a step back.
	"But Emily... We are partners!"
	"I know. Don't worry, I have a plan, and it involves you telling me everything that Melinda does at home. You have to do this. Otherwise it won't work."
	Emily looked at the photo frame beside her which held a falsified photo of her and Jonas. There was a look in Emily's eyes that was inherently possessive.
	It was as if she was in a raging battle, and the promised reward was Jonas.
	"You want me to spy on Melinda?"
	Yulia asked incredulously, covering her mouth as she looked vigilantly out the window. "I don't even live in the same villa with her," she continued in a lower voice, feeling annoyed in her heart.
	"I just want you to keep an eye on her. Even if you don't live together, can't you figure out a way? On the right balcony at the third floor of the main villa, you can see their villa from there."
	From the way she spoke, it was obvious that Emily knew the Gu's mansion better than Yulia. Although it was quite surprising, Yulia didn't seem to think too much about it. She then unwittingly went to the room, and sure enough found that what Emily had said was true.
	"Actually, you don't have to keep an eye on Melinda all the time," Emily said a bit excitedly. She heard over the phone how Yulia went out to the balcony, and was feeling thrilled that her plans were starting to take form. "I just want you to inform me right away whenever she goes out."
	"Got it," Yulia said quietly.
	After hanging up the phone, Yulia stood out on the balcony for a long time, waiting for something to happen. With binoculars, she could even see everything that was going on in the living room.
	Moments later, Jonas showed up in the courtyard. Yulia quickly ducked down and then left carefully, feeling a bit guilty.
	Melinda was reading a book in the bedroom. Her glasses rested daintily on the bridge of her nose. It was as if she was in her own cozy, peaceful bubble.
	Just then, Jonas entered.
	"Why are you so late today?" Melinda put down the book in her hand and asked casually. Jonas started unbuttoning his shirt and flung it on the bed. Seeing this, she grabbed it and threw it into the washing basket.
	"There's a lot of work at the company," he answered with a tired sigh.
	Nodding, Melinda was familiar about the matter regarding the spokesperson. She knew she'd better not to ask too much about it as it would displease Jonas.
	The next day, it was a rare sunny afternoon in A City. Melinda made an appointment to have tea with her editor. For their meeting, she decided to wear a plain white T-shirt, a nude gauze skirt, and a pair of thin shoes. The makeup she was wearing was light and fresh. As for her hair, she just let it naturally fall down over her shoulders.
	She looked so gorgeous and elegant that Yulia couldn't help but stare at her in awe. How could it be possible that she was wearing such simple clothes and yet still looked great?
	"Melinda! Are you going out?" Yulia asked as she hurriedly walked towards her.
	"Yes, I have an appointment with a friend," she replied promptly.
	"Well, I was just about to go out, but my driver has gone to rest today. Can you wait for me for a minute and give me a ride?" asked Yulia.
	However, Melinda slightly furrowed her brows when she heard this. Just a while ago, she saw Yulia's driver outside.
	"Hurry up then," Melinda said, shrugging it off. "I have to be there in fifteen minutes. I still have dinner with Jonas later." If she ended up being late for tea with her editor, she might not make it in time for her dinner with Jonas. They had made plans the other day to eat together tonight.
	"Thank you, Melinda. I'll just go get my makeup and my handbag." As soon as Yulia said this, she went back to her bedroom quickly, told Emily about Melinda's plans, and then went out with her bag in her hand.
	"So, I'm going to go the coffee shop downtown. Where are you going?" Melinda asked Yulia as she started the car.
	"Actually, I'm going there as well!"
	"Oh," Melinda said in surprise. "Okay then."
	When they were halfway there, Yulia said that she forgot something very important at home. With a disgruntled sigh, Melinda turned around and headed back to the villa. It was already four o'clock in the afternoon when they finally got to the coffee shop.
	Yulia got down and walked up to a table. From the looks of it, she really was going to meet someone there.
	"I'm sorry. I had to deal with something on my way here. I'll treat you to dinner later,"
	Melinda said helplessly as she sat down with her editor. The editor was actually a good tempered person and wasn't too upset that Melinda was late. "No worries. I accept your apology."
	"Thank you so much,"
	Melinda beamed. Then she sent a message to Jonas saying that she could not have dinner with him because she had something to discuss with her editor tonight. In just a few seconds, Jonas replied.
	"How dare you stand me up like that?"
	The message from Jonas was very domineering, making Melinda choke slightly. She wiped her mouth in embarrassment, and then quickly replied,
	"It's all your sister's fault. I'm innocent, okay? Thank you."
	After putting her phone back inside her bag, she sat up straight and ordered a slice of cake before diving into business with her editor.
	Just when Jonas was about to text back, he received a call from Emily. Unfortunately, he accidentally answered it right away.
	"Jonas."
	From Emily's tone, she sounded very excited that Jonas picked up the phone at once. "Do you have time tonight? Let's have dinner together," she said.
	"Okay, I'll send you the address later."
	Thinking that Melinda had cancelled the meal with him, Jonas was somewhat angry. A satisfied smile appeared at the corners of Emily's mouth. It was lucky that Yulia found out about Melinda's plans, and had gotten her late on purpose.
	Later that night, Melinda had gone back home after her dinner with her editor. Much to her surprise, Jonas had still not gotten back to the villa. 'I thought that he would be eating dinner here,' she pondered.
	"Did Jonas go home for dinner?" she asked.
	"Mrs. Gu, didn't you and Mr. Jonas say that you would have dinner outside tonight?"
	Gavin was also confused. He didn't expect that Melinda would ask him such a question. Since the two didn't come back together, he thought there must be something wrong with Jonas.
	Since she was the one who called their dinner off, Melinda felt slightly embarrassed. "Never mind. I was just asking."
	Melinda went to their villa and had a nice, long hot bath. Thinking of what she had discussed with the editor, she had some ideas about the development of the novel. After her bath, she moved her laptop to the living room, and then sat on the carpet and typed.
	It was already eleven o'clock in the evening when Jonas got home. The strong smell of alcohol emanated from his body. On top of that, there was something else—Melinda was sensitive enough to smell a woman's perfume. Besides, this kind of perfume smelled much like what Emily used.
	"Where were you? Did you have dinner by yourself?"
	"What? You want to check where I was and who I was with?"
	Jonas pulled his tie with a frown and saw Melinda sitting on the carpet. Then he pulled her up and leaned her against the sofa. Smelling the alcohol and the women's perfume, Melinda felt uncomfortable and struggled to leave.
	"I was just asking a simple question. There's no need to get so defensive about it," she said as she gently pushed him away.
	Her calm and collected attitude made Jonas relaxed as well, even though there was a bit of bitterness in her heart. Even so, he still didn't tell her where he was.
	"It's late. Stop working. Go to bed early," he said, quickly changing the subject.
	"Okay."
	Jonas's suit jacket was left on the sofa. Seeing this, Melinda picked it up and saw a few yellow curly hairs. Without a doubt, Melinda knew it was Emily's hair.
	Melinda raised her head and found that Jonas had disappeared up the stairway. She pulled off the hairs and threw it into the trash can haphazardly.
	In the next few days, Melinda discovered a strange pattern. Whenever she prepared to go out, and passed by the main villa, Yulia would definitely appear all of a sudden. And she always had various reasons to delay her.
	When she had an appointment with Jonas, this kind of situation would definitely happen. And during this period, after being stood up for several times, Jonas acted colder and colder towards Melinda.
	"What's wrong? Is your driver sick today, or is your car broken?"
	Melinda said in a sarcastic tone when Yulia came up to her again. There was a sudden change in Yulia's expression, but she managed to calm herself down in a split second.
	"Melinda, where are you going? I sent my car to the garage for maintenance. Can you give me a ride?" said Yulia. Melinda raised her eyebrows. Didn't she feel embarrassed by these similar excuses?
	"I'm going to the library. I have made an appointment for lunch at a restaurant nearby with your brother,"
	Melinda said with a teasing smile on her face. Yulia was so focused that she didn't notice the change on her face. "Oh, it seems that we are not the same way. I will pick a car in the garage later," Yulia said with a sense of regret.
	After that, Yulia walked back to the main villa. Melinda got on the car and asked the driver to drive to the back gate. On the way to the yard, she heard Yulia's voice.
	"She is going to the library now. She'll be having lunch with my brother."
	Yulia's voice came clearly to the ears of Melinda. Her eyes instantly burned with anger. How could Yulia tell others her whereabouts?!
	"I can't stop her. You have to figure it out by yourself." Yulia had sensed that Melinda was on the alert, and she knew that she couldn't follow, so she called Emily to figure out a way.
	Melinda stood outside the back door with a small seam, where she could see how Yulia cautiously leaned against the wall. After hanging up the phone, she left in a hurry.
	Yulia didn't notice that the back door was opened after she left. Meanwhile, Melinda's eyes burned with anger.
	She felt that there was something strange going on with Yulia for the past few days, and now she knew why. Yulia had been monitoring her for quite some time now. The only thing Melinda had to figure out was who Yulia was speaking to.
Chapter 65 Skeptical
	When Yulia saw Melinda sitting in the living room of the main villa, she felt unbearable nervous.
	For the last few days, something had changed in Melinda's behavior. She couldn't have suddenly changed for no reason. Anytime they met, Melinda was always guarded as if she was trying to protect herself from something.
	Yulia couldn't hold her back anymore. She assumed that Melinda must have found out what she had done.
	Knowing what Melinda would do to her if she really found out what she had done, Yulia got flustered anytime she was near Melinda. She didn't know what she was going to do if her plot had been exposed and Melinda was aware of everything that had been happening.
	Now that her schemes had been found out by Melinda, Yulia had to find a way to contain everything, so her only option would be to come up with more creative ways of dealing with Melinda.
	Right at that moment, Emily came to her mind. She was her accomplice, so Emily was the only one who she could talk to about Melinda and come up with a strategy on what to do with her.
	Yulia took out her phone and dialed Emily's number. It didn't even past the second ring before Emily answered on the other end.
	"Hello, may I speak to Miss Bai?"
	"Yes, this is her speaking."
	As soon as Emily saw that the call was from Yulia, she knew that something must have happened. Otherwise, Yulia would not call her if it wasn't important.
	It must have something to do with Melinda.
	Emily secretly sneered while holding the phone, eagerly waiting to hear what it was.
	"Do you think you can create some time on your schedule so that we can have a private meeting? I need to see you so that we can discuss something face to face."
	Yulia did not beat around the bush, but got straight to the point and explained her purpose for calling Emily.
	Thus, Yulia made an appointment to meet Emily so that they could discuss their next plan of action and come up with countermeasures against Melinda.
	The last time they had talked, she had called Emily and told her about Melinda's whereabouts, but Melinda seemed to have been aware of what they had planned and so the matter was revealed.
	Therefore, Yulia thought that this time it was better for them to solve their issues and strategize face to face instead of exposing themselves over the phone once again.
	Besides, this time she had cautiously organized their meeting point with Emily so that Melinda couldn't find out that they had been meeting.
	So Yulia arrived at the venue where they had agreed to meet early in the morning, a few minutes before the time they had agreed on.
	The cafe was located in a secluded place and there were very few people. It was very suitable for her and Emily to discuss their issues because Melinda did not frequent the cafe.
	Yulia had arrived early so she made herself comfortable as she waited for Emily to arrive.
	With Emily's help, even if Melinda found out, there was nothing much she could do about them.
	By the time Emily arrived at their table, she found that Yulia was already there waiting for her and had ordered something for them to eat.
	Emily sat opposite her without hesitation.
	"Tell me, what do you want to discuss with me?"
	Emily asked immediately when she had made herself comfortable.
	Leaning against the back of the chair, she seemed quite relaxed. It seemed that of late she had been getting along well with Jonas.
	Shooting a glance at Emily, Yulia stated quietly, "Melinda knows."
	"What do you mean? How did she find out?"
	Emily was a little surprised after she heard Yulia's statement. She hadn't expected that Melinda would find out so quickly.
	"She must have sensed something unusual, because when I called you to report her whereabouts she popped out of nowhere. She must have found out our plan."
	After she finished giving an account of what happened, Yulia looked at Emily expectantly. But Emily was not as relaxed as before, as if she had something in her mind.
	"What should we do next?"
	Yulia asked impatiently after seeing that Emily was not responding. It was as if she was lost in her own thoughts.
	She was growing impatient because the main reason why she had come out to meet Emily was for them to discuss this very issue and come up with an airtight strategy.
	"It doesn't matter. Don't panic. Besides what can Melinda do even if she finds out our plans? She has no evidence."
	Emily comforted the panic stricken Yulia after coming out of her reverie.
	Emily was not afraid that Melinda knew what they were doing. On the contrary, even if Melinda knew what they had been up to, she could not do anything to them. It was useless to say anything without evidence, even if there was evidence, she would never admit to it.
	Besides, she had Jonas. Emily knew that he had a lot of feelings for her and by the time everything would be revealed, maybe things would be different by then.
	Actually, Emily did not care much about the result at all. However, when she looked at Yulia, who was sitting opposite her, she noticed that the issue must really be stressing her so she decided to discuss with her about what they could do next.
	Although she didn't care much about the whole issue, she still had to deal with Melinda. She could only make her moves after having a discussion with Yulia so that they were not contradicting each other.
	However, unbeknown to them Melinda had witnessed everything.
	Today, Melinda was finally free and not being stalked by Yulia or trying to be distracted with all kinds of reasons. She was ready to spend some well needed alone time and go out for a walk by herself, but she had unexpectedly bumped into Yulia and Emily.
	The two girls sat together, talking and laughing. It seemed that they were discussing something that they had in common. Melinda knew that they were thinking about how to deal with her, because they both hated her and often came up with strategies against her.
	While still keenly observing Yulia and Emily, she took out her phone and called Jonas.
	She wanted to tell Jonas that she had seen with her own eyes both Yulia and Emily discussing how to make her life more miserable than it already was.
	"Hey, Jonas, I bumped into Yulia and Emily who were engrossed in discussing something. It seems that they were planning on how to deal with me later considering I am the only topic that seems to bring them together."
	When the phone was connected, Melinda didn't even give Jonas a chance to say hello. She spoke out in one breath without taking a break as if someone was chasing her.
	This time she called him immediately, because the last time when she had talked to Jonas as she realized that she was being watched, Jonas didn't believe because she had no evidence at the time.
	"No way," said Jonas after hesitating for a while. He then continued, "How can Yulia and Emily come up with a plan to harm you? They're not such kind of people. How can you talk about them like that?"
	It was obvious that Jonas didn't believe Melinda. Melinda was angry that Jonas didn't believe her. She wanted to throw her phone and hopefully hit his doubting Thomas face.
	Melinda glanced at Yulia and Emily again, and found that they were still sitting there huddle together.
	Melinda wanted to take a photo of them being together and send it to Jonas. As long as there were photos, Jonas would believe her.
	Thus, Melinda said angrily, "If you don't believe me, I will take photos for you."
	Without waiting for any response from Jonas, she hung up the phone, pressing the red button as if she had a grudge with it.
	Melinda took the opportunity to take a photo of both Yulia and Emily, while huddled like thieves and sent them to Jonas.
	It was hard for Jonas not to believe what Melinda said, because he could now see the photos in his phone.
	But there was still some doubts in Jonas's heart. He wanted to ask Emily in person what was going on, so he called her asking if they could meet for a drink.
	Emily soon appeared at the place where they were to meet, because she did not know what had happened. She thought it was just a regular meeting like the ones they had been having.
	But when she sat down, she noticed that Jonas didn't look okay, which made her suspicious. So she asked gently, "What's wrong, Jonas?"
	Taking a look at Emily, who seemed to have no problem, Jonas replied, "Melinda saw you with Yulia strategizing on how to make her life miserable. I didn't believe it before. However, Melinda took pictures of you two. Is that true?"
	After taking his sweet time thinking on how he was going to broach the subject, Jonas decided to ask her directly.
	"How can such a thing be true?"
	Emily faked a smile and denied it vehemently.
	Emily didn't expect that Melinda would see that she was with Yulia, even went a step further and sent photos to Jonas.
	But it seemed that Jonas still didn't believe her. Emily deduced that the situation wasn't too bad. As long as Jonas believed in her, even if Melinda had evidence, there was nothing Melinda could do to her. The consequences wouldn't be too harsh.
	Seeing that Jonas, who was sitting opposite her, wasn't saying anything to contradict her statement, and that his expression softened, Emily then continued to explain, "I just happened to meet Yulia by accident, so we sat together to have a chat and probably that's what Melinda saw."
	After pausing for a second on purpose, Emily continued, "I don't know what happened either. What was she doing at that cafe to run into us? And why would she claim that Yulia and I were discussing how to harm her together?
	Jonas, how could I do that? It was obviously that Melinda was trying to frame me up. You have to trust me. If not, who else will believe me anymore?"
	Emily knew that the reason Jonas asked to see her was because he didn't believe a word of what Melinda said. Therefore, she lied through her teeth claiming that it was a coincidence that she had met Yulia by chance, and that she was being framed by Melinda, in order to win the trust and gain some sympathy from Jonas.
	Hearing what Emily said, Jonas was in a dilemma. On one hand, he heard what Melinda had said and the photos she took did corroborate her claims; on the other hand, he heard Emily's defense. He didn't know whom he should believe.
	It seemed that it was unnecessary for Melinda to lie to him, and Emily was also not a person who would lie to him. Therefore, it was impossible for Jonas to determine whether the whole thing was true or not and who was lying to him.
	Sensing what was going on in Jonas's mind, Emily pretended to be sad and continued to push Jonas, saying, "Jonas, since you don't believe me, it's okay. Anyway, I really didn't do that."
	After saying that, Emily pretended to be sad and left. She ran to the bar, to get herself drunk, trying to make Jonas feel guilty.
	Jonas followed Emily, worried that she would do something stupid and get into trouble or something might happen to her, so he stopped by the elbow and turned her to look at him. Seeing Emily's sad look, he couldn't help but feel like a horrible person.
	Jonas felt guilty that he didn't believe Emily and had offended her, so he was responsible for pushing her to go to the bar to get herself drunk out of anger.
	Then, it occurred to him that it was Melinda who told him that Emily and Yulia had been discussing how to harm her and she even took photos.
	The more Jonas thought about it, the more skeptical he felt in his heart about Melinda's claims.
	Since Emily looked so sad, it didn't seem like she was lying, so Jonas concluded that Melinda had lied to him and he chose to believe Emily instead.
	So Jonas decided to comfort Emily, who was getting more and more drunk, gulping alcohol as if it was water, to show his trust.
	After hearing his sweet words of comfort, Emily knew that the 'Operation of hoodwinking Jonas' had been successful. Jonas didn't believe a word that Melinda had said.
	Emily made no response and pretended to be sad, but in her heart, she was laughing happily.
Chapter 66 Alienation
	"Jonas, thank you for believing in me."
	Emily was drunk and looked at Jonas with her misty eyes. His cold and stern face showed a hint of kindness, and they belonged to her, only to her.
	Her hand twisted around Jonas’s neck, but he evaded her grasp. He stroked Emily’s hair and said, "Emily, go back to sleep."
	"Okay."
	Emily acted like she was a behaved girl. After driving her home, Jonas went straight back to his place. Emily gave him many subtle hints, but he ignored them. It had become a habit for him to go home every night, no matter how late.
	Feeling annoyed, Melinda went to bed early. After pacing back and forth in front of the bedroom, Jonas went to the spare bedroom.
	The sun’s shadows filtered through the single layer of sheer white curtain. A gust of cold, gentle breeze blew into the room. Melinda curled up her body and forced open her eyes sleepily.
	After adjusting her eyes to the sunlight, Melinda realized that her window was not closed properly at night. Fortunately, it was only slightly ajar. Apparently, there was no one on the other side of the bed that night.
	'Has Jonas come back yet?'
	Melinda felt quite upset but didn’t show it on her face. She washed her face and went downstairs, and then she saw Jonas eating breakfast alone.
	"Were you in the study last night?"
	Melinda rotated her shoulders to loosen up its muscles and sat opposite to Jonas. Their servant, Mary quickly served breakfast to the table. When Melinda picked up the cutlery, Jonas put his down and smoothly wiped his mouth with the napkin.
	"I’m going to the office now,"
	Jonas said calmly and stood up. He didn’t answer her question. Glancing down at his unfinished plate, Melinda thought it was either he only ate a little or was just about to eat.
	Feeling a little weird, Melinda didn’t brood over it. She moved back her chair and got up. Mary handed over Jonas's tie, and she reached out for it, but a slender, steady hand restrained her.
	"You go to have breakfast first. I’ll do it myself."
	Melinda stood blankly and watched him wear the tie, put on a suit jacket, and carry a briefcase. Then he left.
	"Mrs. Gu, your warm milk is ready."
	Hearing Mary’s words, Melinda returned to her senses. A myriad of thoughts gathered into her mind, as she felt that Jonas deliberately maintained his distance, or perhaps he was alienating himself from her.
	"What time did he go downstairs for breakfast this morning?"
	"He just got here before you came down. Today’s breakfast may not suit his appetite, so he only took one bite off the sandwich,"
	Mary said. Melinda’s expression became stiffer and stiffer. The breakfast food was the same as usual, and she refused to believe that reason.
	Melinda also lost her appetite.
	Lately, Jonas often went out of the house early in the morning and came back late, avoiding Melinda. Even when they met, he acted extremely indifferent towards her. Melinda was too vulnerable to discover that he was like this after she telephoned him to tell him that Yulia and Emily were plotting against her.
	What could have happened that she didn’t know?
	Meanwhile, Melinda was full of doubts. Knowing that she couldn’t possibly find any answer from Jonas, she hired someone to investigate him.
	Jonas had been spending a lot of quality time with Emily. Furthermore, Melinda had received a piece of important news about Jonas being cheated.
	He still believed Emily’s claims after that day even if there were photos to prove what had occurred.
	Wrath filled Melinda’s heart with no apparent reason, and she understood well that it was not the time to be impulsive. Jonas had lost his trust in her momentarily, and she should find the most direct evidence to allow Jonas to see the truth.
	Emily was like a pure angel in Jonas’s mind, while Melinda considered her like a bitch deep in her heart.
	Anyway, Melinda didn’t want Emily to get particularly close to Jonas. What she needed to do now was to separate them.
	Melinda felt as if her head was about to explode and didn’t know where to begin. At this time, the people conducting the investigation sent her a video of Emily having a conversation with Yulia.
	This recording was undoubtedly the most compelling evidence she had collected. Melinda breathed a sigh of relief and considered every single thing this time after she had calmed down.
	After midnight, the Gu's mansion was still looking bright under the light of the street lamp. Melinda sat back on the sofa with her head propped up by her hand. Her eyelids drooped, but she was reluctant to go upstairs and sleep just yet.
	She didn’t know what time Jonas would specifically come home, but she was positive that she wouldn’t be able to catch him the next morning if she did not wait for him tonight.
	She didn’t sleep, and the servant wouldn’t risk leaving her alone. There was only one servant, Mary, in their villa looking after their needs.
	"Mrs. Gu, you’d better go to bed first."
	Mary could not help but prevent Melinda from staying up late, observing how drained she was but continued pulling an all-nighter. She had always been taking care of the ex-couple, and she saw the visible change in the relationship between them.
	"Mary, you may go to bed now. I... He’s back." Catching the sound of Jonas’s car pulling up, Melinda quickly scrambled up to her feet so fast that she almost fell to the floor.
	Soon after, the door swung open. Mary left, saying nothing and closed the door behind her.
	Seeing that Melinda was still awake, Jonas directly entered the room, took a quick look at her, and walked towards the spare bedroom without saying hello.
	"Stop, Jonas."
	Melinda didn’t expect Jonas to treat her with such an aloof attitude after staying up late for him.
	Her blatant outcry did not scare Jonas but made herself sober instead.
	"What’s up?"
	With an indifferent look on Jonas’s face, it seemed that he would feel uncomfortable every time he talked with Melinda.
	"Don’t you think you owe me an explanation for your recent actions?"
	As Melinda spoke, she gripped the cellphone with her fingers. She showed him a video that she had saved, but she wasn’t ready to reveal the first part of the recording. She wanted to explain it to make Jonas believe her.
	"Explanation? Melinda, I have nothing to explain to you."
	"Jonas, you... Forget it. Let’s just talk, okay?"
	Melinda tried her best to adjust the pace of her emotions and put forward the appeal in a casual tone.
	With a stony expression, Jonas looked at her. His lips were thin, and his words were hurtful.
	"There’s no need to talk. It’s late. I need to sleep."
	Jonas’s uncooperative stance provoked Melinda again.
	Her rage was burning, and her breathing became rapid.
	"Jonas, you only consider what Emily said, but you don’t want to take my side into account, do you?" Melinda was unwilling to give up, and her eyes were full of determination.
	"What you have to say is nothing more than the truth. I know what’s going on."
	Melinda felt infuriated, and he knew it. What he considered as the truth was solely the statements of Emily, and what Melinda said was all lies and conspiracies.
	"Emily deceived to you. What can I do to make you hear me out? Proof? I have one."
	Almost trembling, Melinda frantically clicked on the video on her phone, but Jonas knocked the device down. As her mobile phone landed on the carpet, the glare reflected on the screen made Melinda curl her lip.
	"Enough! Emily has already told me about it. What’s your evidence? All you did was to manufacture lies and ask someone to create the phony video. I must say, Melinda, you make me feel sick."
	His every word felt like a stab through Melinda’s heart. Again, she realized the grim reality. Between her and Emily, Jonas would always put his faith in Emily.
	Even if she had all the evidence, it was no match for Emily’s words.
	"Jonas, you are so irrational,"
	Melinda spoke slowly, but she said every word with clarity. They were now facing each other, and Jonas lifted and then dropped his hand.
	"Melinda, you’d better not push me to my limits,"
	warned Jonas. Because of the ruthlessness in his eyes, Melinda did not doubt that he would hit her without mercy if she said something resistant.
	"Among all the people in the entertainment circle, only a few are innocent. Emily has such an influential position today, do you think she is as naive as a little girl? You must have forgotten that she rejected you before you got your right to inherit the family property, haven’t you?"
	Melinda didn’t know what Jonas considered the most valuable in his life, but her words undoubtedly pissed him off.
	Their quarrel became louder and more offensive. In the main villa, the light of Nelson’s bedroom was on, and with Gavin and Mary, they arrived at the couple’s place.
	The presence of Nelson, like a fire extinguisher, froze both of them.
	"What’s wrong with you two? Why do you quarrel so late?"
	Before Mary took off earlier, she had noticed that there was something awry between them. She overheard them bickering when she first arrived in the yard. She got worried and went to talk to Gavin. As a result, they took Nelson here and caught them quarreling.
	"Grandpa, it’s late. Why are you still awake?"
	Smiling reluctantly, Melinda went to his side to assist him. She mentioned nothing about the feud between them, but Nelson had heard the name of Emily.
	"How could I fall asleep with you two arguing like this?
	You brat, did you fight with Melinda again because of Emily? I told you she is not a likable person, and I ordered you to stay away from her. Why didn’t you listen to me?"
	Nelson barked. He held the walking stick in his hand, and he attempted to hit Jonas, but Melinda prevented him.
	Nelson had served in the army during his early days. Even if he already aged, his strength was not weak.
	"Emily is not that kind of person. This matter has made her aggrieved to a serious degree,"
	Jonas said coldly. Thinking of Emily’s sensibility, he opposed Nelson for being biased.
	"From now on, you must cut her off. Do you hear me?"
	As soon as Jason heard Nelson’s words, he got furious and became more aggressive, with his chest heaving as he struggled to control his breathing.
	"No way!"
	Jonas unveiled his attitude without delay. Melinda smiled bitterly.
	"You... Are you trying to piss me off?"
	With his fingers shaking, Nelson pointed at Jonas. Noticing something wrong, Melinda saw Nelson place his hand over his chest.
	"Grandpa!"
	Melinda screamed in panic and helped Nelson balance himself up. He closed his eyes and collapsed.
Chapter 67 The Naughty Old Man
	At the entrance of the operating room, the smell of disinfectant permeated the whole hallway, a constant reminder that they were in a hospital. Jonas stood in front of the door, straight as a rod as if he was the designated guard, his face as white as a sheet while his eyes reflected an endless hole of anguish. Melinda stood against the wall with her eyes closed, embarrassed at the scene that they had caused and praying hard and hoping that the old man made it through. She wouldn't live with herself if anything happened to him.
	'I hope that everything will be fine,' she thought in a somber mood.
	As she looked at the motionless Jonas, all kinds of emotions welled up in her heart. She wanted to say something, but in the end she held back, figuring this was probably not the right place to have such a conversation.
	Yulia and Queena soon arrived at the hospital, looking serious as if they were expecting the worst. Queena took a look at the operating room and couldn't see much except for the doctors working like a well-oiled machine, so she opted to sit at the side and wait. Yulia, who generally had no control over her emotions, angrily rushed towards Melinda, and raised her hand going straight for Melinda's cheek.
	"Yulia, what are you doing?"
	cried a shocked Melinda as she used her quick reflexes to stop her. Her hold was stronger than Yulia had expected, and she couldn't extricate her arm from Melinda's iron grip, looking miserable. She struggled hard, and it took a while before Melinda let go of her, not wanting to create another scene.
	Yulia covered her wrist with her own hand, rubbing gently at her sore wrist. She looked at Melinda with a somewhat guilty expression, but her mouth bravely contradicted her face. "You are such a wicked woman. You are the reason my Grandpa has had a heart attack."
	The title "wicked woman" almost made Melinda choke with anger. She felt as if she had been hit by a brick wall and inhaled loudly trying to desperately get air into her lungs. It was true that her grandfather was ill because of their actions, but it was unfair to also put the blame squarely on her shoulders.
	"Yulia, if you and Emily had not worked together to harm me, none of this would have happened, so you are just as much to blame as I am."
	Since the day Melinda made the decision of becoming stronger, and watching out for herself, she was no longer a pushover and had started to fight back anytime Yulia attacked her. Listening to the two, Jonas felt his head buzzing.
	"Both of you, shut up! If you two want to have a fight, get away from me!"
	Jonas's words stopped Yulia in her tracks like water poured over a burning flame. She went mute. Melinda stood beside him quietly as if she wanted the door to swallow her. The door to the operating room was suddenly opened diffusing the tension that had built up outside the room, while everyone tensed up anew. A doctor walked out of the operating room, still in scrubs. Everyone looked at him expectantly praying that he had good news. The doctor told them that Nelson was all right and all he needed was to have some rest, so they would hospitalize him for a few days to monitor his recovery.
	When Melinda heard the doctor's pronouncement, she was relieved. She noticed that Yulia was still looking at her with resentment, and decided to quietly sneak out of the hospital since she didn't think her presence would be appreciated in the ward. Besides no one really considered her as family.
	She knew that in the Gu family, no one liked her except Nelson, who was probably dosed with a lot of drugs, and wouldn't even notice that she was missing.
	The fact that Yulia and Emily were monitoring her every move made her very uncomfortable, since they were invading her privacy. All of a sudden, she made a decision. It really didn't matter whether Jonas believed her or not, and she would be fine as long as she knew that she hadn't done those things.
	The morning sunlight beat down on Melinda's skin as she returned home. She felt like a vampire encountering the sun for the first time because she had not slept all night. She was exhausted both physically and mentally, but she forced herself to pack up a few of her things and left the Gu's mansion, hoping to never come back again.
	Since she no longer felt very secure in their mansion, she had rented an apartment of her own and had it cleaned regularly waiting for an emergency just like today.
	Melinda quickly tidied the room, took a bath, and fell asleep soon after lying on the bed.
	When Melinda woke up, it was already three o'clock in the afternoon. Touching her stomach, she heard it growled as if on cue. She got up and put on the closest clothes she could get her hands on before going out to look for something to fill her rumbling stomach. Once she was well fed, she bought some fruits and went to the hospital.
	Nelson was in the VIP ward. Jonas had hired a professional caregiver who was on call 24 hours a day.
	"Grandpa, I'm sorry for what happened."
	Nelson had on a pair of reading glasses which he only used when reading documents or the newspaper. He put down the newspaper he was reading as soon as Melinda walked in. Melinda put down the fruit basket, and then stood aside, apologizing to him profusely.
	"You don't have to apologize. It's not your fault."
	Nelson looked weak although his complexion had improved. Melinda walked to him and adjusted the pillows on his back, trying to put into a more comfortable position.
	"It is my fault. If it wasn't for me, you wouldn't have quarreled with Jonas."
	Melinda felt very guilty and appeared forlorn looking at the aftermath of her actions. Nelson sighed. Although he had spoken up for Melinda, he also had ulterior motives since he really didn't like Emily. A person like her didn't deserve to be with his grandson.
	"All right. Forget about that issue for now. I heard from Gavin that you moved out of the mansion."
	Nelson put his glasses aside, since he only needed them when reading, and focused all his attention on Melinda. She served him a cup of water and then made herself comfortable, sitting on the sofa beside his bed.
	"Yes, Grandpa, It may seem as if I am making up tales, but I assure you that it's not a lie. I would never intentionally lie to you. Yulia was monitoring my movements since some time ago and I don't know who she was reporting to about my whereabouts."
	The very thought of someone constantly watching her and this information being reported to a stranger, sent a shiver down her spine. When Nelson noted how scared and distraught she looked, his face turned beetroot red, trying to control his anger.
	"Jonas and I are not suited to live together for now. I think we should live separately and give each other some space to calm down and think things through, especially our relationship."
	Nelson moved closer and patted her on the shoulder, sighing in defeat, "You have suffered a lot. I won't force you to do anything you don't want to."
	Nelson still believed that Melinda had no reason to make up such stories. He also knew a little about the relationship between her and Jonas and acknowledged that it wasn't working out as he had expected, so he didn't want to continue pursuing the issue.
	"Grandpa, how are you feeling today? Do you think your health is improving?"
	Melinda was smart enough not to mention the same issues that had put Nelson in the hospital, so she instead focused on his health, trying to distract him.
	Although Nelson looked fine and the doctor had given him a clean bill of health. The roller coaster of emotions was very dangerous for a person battling heart disease. He wouldn't have experienced another attack if Jonas had not angered him.
	"I think I'm getting old now. When your grandfather and I joined the army, we were very healthy and strong,"
	Nelson said, with a distant look in his eyes.
	"Grandpa, you are so strong and amazing! I am sure that when the enemies you were fighting then saw you, they would run away in fright."
	Her humorous reply made Nelson laugh. So he continued to regale her with stories of his army days with Melinda's grandfather, Leonard Mo, telling her how they almost died numerous times.
	Melinda was attentive although many of the stories may have been more interesting for the older generation since some of the issues she really couldn't relate to them, but she still concentrated.
	"Leonard should have told you all about our escapades."
	Nelson was so engrossed in his trip back memory lane that after a long while, he realized that he had been the only one talking and chattering, and although it was about old people things, Melinda still listened. He was gratified by Melinda's attitude towards him.
	"Well, my Grandpa often repeated something whenever he recounted stories about his past. He always said that if it weren't for you, I may never have existed."
	Melinda blinked rapidly as she tried to remember her grandfather's stories. The two were good comrades. No matter how bad the situation was, they would never give up on each other, and had saved each other's lives many times.
	They had a friendship that lasted a life-time, and Melinda was deeply moved.
	"Oh, Leonard! If your grandfather hadn't saved me, I might have spent the rest of my life on a wheelchair."
	At the thought of the time when he served in the army, Nelson became very emotional. That was the most precious memory in his life.
	"Grandpa, can you tell me more about your past? I want to write them into my novels."
	At that moment, a thought flashed through Melinda's mind, so she quickly captured it—she suddenly wanted to tell more people about the story of the older generation.
	For the next few days, Melinda would sneak in to take visit and care of Nelson. They chatted and talked about the past. Whatever Nelson talked of, she would jot in her notebook and when she forgot to take the notebook, she would keep in her mind and quickly write it down as soon as she got home.
	"Speaking of which, your grandfather and I haven't seen each other in a long time. How is he now?"
	Nelson asked. Only then did Melinda realize that she had not contacted her family for a long time. The last time she talked to them was a long while back.
	"I haven't contacted my family in a long time,"
	Melinda said sadly. Nelson tried to comfort her although he felt so ashamed that Melinda had suffered a lot after she married with his grandson. He felt guilty for the kind of mistreatment the granddaughter of his comrade-in-arms had gone through.
	After staying in the hospital for a long time, Melinda thought it was time to leave. She went back home and included the story she had heard today, trying to connect it to what she had been writing. Then she sat on the bed, lost in thought.
	It had been a long time since she had gone back home. She didn't have much work to do at the Gu's mansion, but she felt that she was always busy every day so she got used to it as if trying to numb herself from her problems.
	Leaning against the wall, Melinda buried her face in her knees. All of a sudden, she felt tears welling up in her eyes. She touched her cheek with her fingers in a quick motion, and found that tears had been pouring down her face without her knowledge.
	Due to Jonas's constant distrust, Emily splashing dirty water on her, and Yulia's constant insults, for a moment, her heart felt heavy as if she was carrying the problems of the whole world. She felt exhausted from the never ending problems. She really wanted to complain to her grandfather like she always did when she was little, and then let her grandfather frighten those who bullied her.
	Melinda wiped her tears and tried to calm down. After drinking a glass of water, she felt better and her throat no longer felt as dry as the Sahara desert. Then she picked up her mobile phone and dialed her grandfather's number.
	The phone rang, which made her heart rise in anticipation.
	"Melinda, is that you?"
	It was her grandmother who answered the phone. Her voice was as kind as ever, and a warm feeling swept through Melinda in an instant.
	"Yes Grandma, it's me."
	"You haven't called me in a while, you are such a naughty girl. I feel so sad that we don't talk so often," her grandmother, Finny, said, pretending to be angry.
	Melinda covered her mouth with her hand trying to stifle a sob and felt very guilty.
	"Grandma, I miss you so much."
	"You haven't been home almost in ages. Kid, Grandpa and Grandma are getting old and we don't have much time, so we want to see you often. Your Grandpa is ill and you should visit him when you are free," she said sounding emotional.
	She took a glance at Leonard Mo, who was drinking his tea leisurely and savoring it with his eyes closed. Although he heard her mentioning him, he was very proud and continued closing his eyes.
	"Is Grandpa sick?"
	Melinda panicked and blamed herself for not visiting her grandparents for such a long time. She wished she could grow wings and fly appearing right in front of the two elders.
	What Finny said made her very sad. She could not help but think of Nelson, who had not been doing as well as they had hoped and was instead getting worse.
	Yes, maybe it was time to accept that they were getting old.
	"Well, he didn't want me to tell you since you are busy."
	"Grandma, I'll come and visit today. Ask the servants to clean my room."
	Finny told her to be careful on the road with a big smile plastered on her face. She assured her that everything at home would prepare for her. Melinda hung up and asked the driver of the Gu family to send her back to her hometown as fast as possible.
	Of course, she could not hide the information from Nelson. When Nelson asked why she was in such a hurry to get home, and learned that it was Leonard Mo who was sick, he was very worried and couldn't stay in hospital for longer than necessary. He asked Gavin to arrange for his travel as soon as possible and told Melinda that he would go to the countryside to visit her grandparents with her.
	"Grandpa, you still need to be careful and take a break from any straining schedule. How about we go together next time?"
	Gavin contacted Melinda's driver, but also intended to accompany Melinda. She needed someone to take care of her on the long trip. Melinda tried to dissuade Nelson, but he insisted that he had nothing else to do, and it was boring to stay in the hospital and he also didn't want to stay at home.
	Melinda had no choice but to allow him to go with her. Gavin had to stay behind and make sure that things at the Gu's mansion were running smoothly, so he could not go with them. He told Melinda to take good care of Nelson and watched them leave.
	Leonard Mo lived in the countryside, and it was three to four hours' ride from the Gu's mansion. Considering Nelson's health, the driver, drove very slowly, and it was almost time for dinner by the time they arrived at their destination.
Chapter 68 Countryside
	At night, the lights were still on in the Gu's mansion.
	Jonas returned home, utterly exhausted, after a day of social engagement. When he walked in, the hallway was eerily silent and Gavin informed that Nelson had gone to the countryside.
	"Mr. Nelson told me that he was going to visit his old friend. Mrs. Gu is accompanying him, so you don't have to worry about him."
	Gavin smiled and told everything that Nelson wanted him to convey. Nelson wanted Jonas to understand how kind and sweet Melinda was.
	"Why has Melinda taken Grandpa with her? Doesn't she know that he is too weak to travel? Grandpa is always kind to her but she's being plain selfish,"
	Yulia grunted in annoyance. She turned around, and her heart leapt to her throat when she met Jonas's cold eyes that were blazing at her.
	She quickly closed her mouth, swallowed loudly, and turned away.
	"Err... Am I... am I wrong, Jonas?"
	Yulia asked nervously. Jonas glared at her and then looked at Gavin.
	"Who else have gone with him?"
	"Two drivers and two groups of bodyguards in disguise."
	Nelson was popular in A City, and he usually stayed in the mansion. He would be armed by bodyguards every time he went out.
	"Hasn't the medical team gone with him?" Jonas frowned.
	Although Gavin was always cautious, Jonas couldn't stop worrying about his grandfather.
	"One of the drivers is a doctor. So stop worrying, Mr. Jonas."
	Gavin smiled. He was happy that Jonas cared about Nelson.
	Jonas nodded and decided not to question further. Yulia was disappointed that Jonas wasn't mad at Melinda, so she continued to degrade her.
	"That's enough, Yulia. Stop it. I don't want you creating trouble for Melinda anymore."
	Jonas finally understood Melinda. Yulia always spoke ill of Melinda, especially when she was alone with him. But Melinda always tolerated everything without complaining. God knew how Yulia would sneer at Melinda without his presence.
	Yulia pursed her lips and stared at Jonas as anger boiled in her stomach. Melinda was an outsider, yet she was protected by everyone in the Gu family.
	"Fine," Yulia mumbled.
	Without Nelson and Melinda, the dining table was quiet. Queena seldom ate at home. Yulia was still embarrassed about what Jonas said. She took a bite of food and went back to her room.
	Jonas was all alone. He glanced at Melinda's seat and couldn't help but miss her.
	Although Jonas and Melinda argued all the time, Melinda always cared for him. She always made sure he was okay.
	Perhaps he had misunderstood her all this time. She was a hundred times better than what he thought her to be.
	A sudden idea cropped in his mind. He wanted to go to the countryside and apologize to Melinda for everything he had done.
	"Mr. Jonas, William asked me to remind you of a meeting that's scheduled for tonight,"
	Gavin said, giving the phone to Jonas. Jonas couldn't eat anymore. He stood up and instructed William to deal with the places that need attention.
	The table was full of delicious dishes that were untouched.
	It was a tiring journey and Melinda had slept in the car for a good while. Nelson's face was pale as he had just recovered from a serious illness.
	"Grandpa, your face looks pale." Melinda frowned.
	"It's okay. We're about to reach anyway," Nelson beamed.
	"Okay, let me know if you're not feeling well. We can stop for a while."
	Melinda slowed down and peered at the surroundings. There was a stone road with small steps that led to her home. She had to take a detour if she wanted to go straight to the door.
	The house of the Mo family in the countryside was a three-story building. There was a big yard in front of the house, teeming with flowers and fruit pots. The fruits were still green and it would take time for them to become succulent and juicy.
	"Leonard has done a good job with the yard. He loves enjoying the little things in life,"
	Nelson said dotingly as his eyes roamed across the yard.
	"Grandpa, watch your step,"
	Melinda said as Nelson was lost in his world.
	"Is Mellie back?"
	A female voice rang from afar. An old woman in plain clothes and an apron ran towards Melinda. Although she looked old, her steps were steady.
	"Grandma!"
	Melinda squealed with happiness. Finny's eyes widened when she saw Nelson standing beside Melinda. "Isn't this Nelson?" she asked. "My husband always talks about you and Mellie all day long."
	"Is Nelson here?" A deep voice resonated in the yard as Leonard breezed out of the house.
	The two comrades-in-arms looked at each other as a wave of emotions engulfed them. They went back in time, reminiscing the old days.
	"Grandpa, how are you?" Melinda asked quizzically.
	Her grandmother had informed her that Leonard was ill. Finny had been lamenting his illness, but the two of them were looking happy and there was not a trace of illness in Leonard's face.
	Leonard coughed and scratched his head, grinning sheepishly. Melinda looked at her grandparents worriedly. She couldn't understand what was going on.
	Finny poked Leonard on the ribs and glared at him. "Your grandfather is just fine. He missed you, so he came up with a stupid plan to bring you home."
	Melinda's jaw dropped in shock. She glanced at Leonard who was grinning like a naughty schoolboy. Melinda couldn't help but smile at him. "Grandpa, if you miss me, just call me, and I'll be here. Don't scare me like this."
	"Ah, Nelson, we haven't seen each other in a long time. Come with me. I'll take you around and show you the beauty of the countryside. The air is pure here. I think back then..."
	Leonard's voice faded as he walked out with Nelson. Melinda smiled at her grandfather. He was still the mischievous man, full of life. She shook her head and went back to the house with Finny.
	The two drivers followed Melinda with big bags in their hands.
	"You don't need to buy me all these," Finny said.
	"It's not a big deal, Grandma. I've started writing and it pays me well. I just felt like getting something for you and Grandpa."
	Finny had prepared dinner and tidied the bedroom for Melinda. Melinda took a shower and changed into clean clothes, which made her feel better.
	When Melinda went to the dining table, Leonard and Nelson walked in. The two had missed each other and couldn't stop talking.
	Although Leonard had feigned illness to see Melinda, he completely forgot about her for a while.
	"Thank you for taking care of my granddaughter."
	Leonard patted Nelson's shoulder and smiled gratefully. Leonard was initially reluctant about Melinda's marriage. But Melinda had tried hard to convince him and he was left with no choice but to agree.
	"Melinda is a wonderful girl who deserves only the best. It makes me guilty at times..."
	Nelson opened his mouth to say something but decided against it. His face flustered with embarrassment when he glanced at Melinda. They were having a good time and he didn't want to ruin it by mentioning the hard days Melinda had faced in the Gu's mansion.
	"Melinda told me that you've been discharged from the hospital. Your temperament must be changed," Leonard said.
	"I've been like this for most of my life. I can't change it."
	"You need to stop worrying. Your grandchildren will shoulder the responsibilities. Just sit back and enjoy your time."
	Leonard knew that Nelson had devoted his entire life to Soaring Group. Although Jonas was taking care of the company, he couldn't stop worrying about it. Leonard felt that they were old and it was time to live their lives happily. He wanted Nelson to leave in peace in the countryside just like him.
	"My grandson Jonas is always impatient. I can deal with him only for two years, maximum. After that, I'm planning to come here and live happily," Nelson said.
	After dinner, Leonard and Nelson were chatting happily and Melinda didn't want to disturb them. She helped Finny clean the dishes and went out for a walk.
	The countryside was serene, devoid of the hustle and bustle of the city. The fresh fragrance of flowers wafted in the air and the humming of insects brought a sense of calmness. Nothing was more beautiful than watching the sunset in pavilions. People usually chatted in the evening and occasionally watched troupes performing.
	Melinda hadn't come here for a long time. The place was both strange and familiar to her. She was happy to see some friendly faces and greeted them one after the other.
	"Melinda is back. Gosh, she has become more beautiful. Finny, you're lucky to have an incredible granddaughter," one of them said.
	"Well, your granddaughter is beautiful too. We both are lucky." Finny smiled.
	A permanent grin was etched across Finny's face. She took Melinda everywhere to show everyone that her granddaughter was back. Melinda patiently followed her everywhere. Finny's chest swelled with pride as everyone praised Melinda.
	"Melinda, I remember you and Lina were best friends when you were little. She has come back. Do you want to see her?"
	"Oh my God! Lina is back. Where is she?" Melinda asked, her eyes widened with shock.
	Melinda's entire life had changed after marriage and she had lost touch with all her friends. She had been busy dealing with her problems in A City, while Lina moved to different cities for work.
	"Yeah, she came back two days ago. She has been asking about you."
	"Grandma, I'm going to find Lina." Melinda grinned happily and turned around to go to Lina's house.
	The path to Lina's house was still vivid in her memories. Her heart filled with joy as she ran across the familiar places where she used to play as a child. Melinda gasped for breath and stopped in front of a small yard. Two ironwoods were flourishing on either side of the gate.
	"Lina!" Melinda shouted happily.
	She heard footsteps that grew louder as a young woman came out and opened the door.
	Lina had curly maroon hair and her bare face looked flawless even without makeup.
	"Mellie, it's you. Oh my God!" Lina clamped her mouth with her hand. "I thought my mother was just joking. Come on in."
	Lina hugged Melinda and ushered her into the house.
	There was no awkwardness between them even though Lina and Melinda hadn't stayed in touch. Lina was Melinda's best friend and she always cherished their friendship.
	Lina told everything about her husband and in-laws.
	"Are you married?" Melinda asked in shock.
	"Yeah. You're a bad friend, Mellie. You don't even know that I'm married," Lina pouted.
	Melinda bit her lip and smiled apologetically. Finny thought that Lina and Melinda were still in touch and didn't mention about Lina's marriage.
	But Lina was thrilled to talk about her husband and how her life had changed after marriage. Although Lina's husband was an ordinary man, she loved him with all her heart. They were living a happy life.
	"I always think my life changes after marriage." Lina's voice was thick with emotion.
	Her eyes sparkled with happiness as her dream had come true. Melinda couldn't help but envy her best friend. Her marriage was a disaster. Her entire life had turned into a horrible nightmare after getting married to Jonas.
Chapter 69 Being More Independent
	"All in all, I think us women should be more independent," Lina prattled on. "As much as men like the sense reliability that feeds their ego, they’re not as open-minded as they would have us think. When women rely on them too much, they start to treat us as if we were useless. I’m telling you, I have this one colleague..."
	Melinda listened in silence as Lina kept talking about marriage. Lina had always been a self-reliant person, with a distinctly strong personality, and she had not once let her romantic adventures cloud her sensibilities.
	The way she talked about it, it would seem that her marriage was going along swimmingly.
	Without expecting it, Melinda managed to gain some insights from her friend’s one-sided discourse. She began to compare things from her own marriage, finding points here and there on why it all went wrong.
	She spent all those five long years in a daze, so easily manipulated, as if she had no mind of her own. 'Moving forward, I must start acting independently, relying on no one but myself,' she swore it in her heart. They talked well into the midnight. It wasn’t until the Mo family sent for someone to take Melinda home that she finally bade her friend goodbye.
	The days they spent on the countryside gave joy to Nelson. He wandered around the little hills and the small gardens with Leonard, with Melinda occasionally in tow.
	The quiet peace of this rural place paved the way for the strain of the past few days to disappear. Without them noticing, three days had already passed since they came to the countryside.
	On the fourth day, while having lunch, Melinda suggested that they returned to the city. Everyone easily agreed, and Leonard promptly disappeared into the cellar. When he emerged, he had a bottle of wine in hand, which he claimed to have made himself.
	He insisted on opening it to celebrate the culmination of their retreat, but Melinda put up a fight to protest. At their age they shouldn’t be freely imbibing alcohol anymore.
	"You sneaky little girl, you’ve only been back for a few days yet you never miss the chance to bully me." Although Leonard’s tone was whiny and complaining, he had a wide grin on his face.
	They settled for tea instead of wine, and the lunch ended in a happy and peaceful note. Melinda and Nelson left soon after that, heading straight back to the Gu's mansion.
	In recent days, Jonas’s workload had increased, and he barely had time or room for a proper break. But he received word of his wife and grandfather’s return, and on that day he left his pending paperwork unfinished on his desk and rushed back home.
	The desire to apologize to Melinda had been eating at him since his wife left. It was all he could think about in the few moments he wasn’t dealing with his business.
	But when they saw each other again for the first time after half a week, Jonas couldn’t muster the right words. He couldn’t say anything. He never managed to attempt a conversation with his wife, and she made no efforts to talk to him either.
	Instead, Melinda spent her days looking after Nelson, making sure he was comfortable and was not pushing himself. She didn’t try to hide the fact that she was ignoring her husband, so everyone in the mansion naturally noticed.
	Their interaction, or lack thereof, particularly snagged Nelson’s attention. It made him resent his grandson for how terribly he was handling the situation, and so also began to act indifferently towards Jonas.
	The matters at home was increasingly aggravating Jonas. It was at this time that Emily began to frequently visit the offices of Soaring Group. She would often bring lunch or snacks for him, and would give calls at the most random hours.
	It was the perfect opportunity to cozy up to him, after all. He was vulnerable, and Emily made sure to make Jonas feel her presence all the time.
	One day, Melinda was coming out of Nelson’s room after bringing him tea, and she ran into Yulia in the landing by the stairs. They were both aware that Melinda’s return to the Gu family had been a constant source of hatred for Yulia.
	"You know, I had hoped a little when you went back to that shabby countryside of yours that you would rightfully choose to stay there," Yulia started. "I should have known you would continue to cling to the Gu family, and for what? Taking care of Grandpa is such a lame excuse. There are a lot of people here who can do that, and we can always hire more if needed. Why don’t you just give back already and run back to where you came from?"
	Melinda only rolled her eyes. ‘Here we go again.’ She reached up to sweep her hair behind her ear, bracing herself for the inevitable fight. She had her sleeves rolled up from when she was preparing tea in the kitchen, exposing her creamy white arms, and the band of jade that circled one of her wrists.
	The jade gleamed a lustrous green and Yulia’s greedy eyes immediately zeroed in on it. She could tell at a glance that it was of excellent quality, and that it was probably rare. Which meant it was expensive. It sparked something ugly and angry within her.
	"How shameless!" Yulia shrieked. "I see you’ve been splurging the hard-earned money of the Gu family on your little trinkets!"
	Melinda didn’t miss a beat. She had an idea this might happen. She crossed her arm over her chest to display her jade-adorned wrist better, all the while smiling tauntingly at the younger woman. "Oh you mean this jade bracelet? This is actually a gift from Grandpa."
	She then made a show of stretching her arm this way and that, as though admiring the band, albeit emphatically. "I hear this is quite a rare kind of jade, and only one bracelet was created from it. And, well, it’s mine."
	"You pretentious bitch! I know you’re only acting nice to Grandpa so you can get your hands on the family money. You’re disgusting! You don’t deserve anything from the Gu family, and you don’t deserve that jade bracelet! Give me that!" She was seething with envy, which was what Melinda aimed for when she purposely provoked her. Yulia suddenly lunged at her, making a grab for her wrist. Melinda side-stepped and avoided the screeching woman, but in doing so lost her own footing.
	Melinda screamed as she fell down the stairs. Thankfully she managed to clutch the bannisters halfway down, just in time to stop her further tumble downwards, which could have potentially broken her neck.
	The servants rushed into the foyer upon hearing her scream, and were treated to the sight of Melinda clinging for her life, while the young woman stood at the top of the stairs.
	"Mrs. Gu, are you all right?" The maids quickly went up to Melinda to assist her and check her for injuries.
	"What the devil is going on?" Nelson stormed out of his room as well. He was about to take a nap when he heard Melinda scream.
	At that time Jonas was working in his study located at the side villa. He was so busy that when a servant knocked on the door, he felt startled at his boldness to disturb him.
	The servant was shaking as he recounted what just happened, and Jonas was immediately on his feet, sprinting his way to the main villa.
	Everyone was gathered in the living room when he arrived, and the servants were shooting Yulia with odd looks. "Explain yourself, Yulia!" Nelson roared, making everyone in the room jump.
	Yulia had tears in her eyes, and she turned to look at Melinda, not quite believing what just happened. 'Why did it turn out like this? I didn’t even touch her!'
	Jonas sat beside Melinda and took her in his arms. She protested at first, and squirmed a little angrily, but he didn’t relent on his hold. In the end, husband and wife sat there in an awkward embrace.
	Melinda didn’t like it at all, but the show had to go on. She had no intention to sacrifice herself just to teach Yulia a lesson, but she wouldn’t let go of this opportunity. Luckily, she managed to keep from getting herself seriously hurt.
	She let Nelson reprimand Yulia a bit more as he demanded an explanation before speaking up. "Grandpa, it’s not her fault. It’s just that... well she said she wanted my bracelet, and I couldn’t take it off—"
	"Are you trying to defend her for what she’s done to you?" Nelson asked incredulously, interrupting Melinda. "I will have none of it!"
	Then he turned to his granddaughter, pointing angrily at her as he berated her. "Listen carefully. I gave that bracelet to Melinda, it belongs to nobody but her. You have no right to take it, especially by force!"
	Yulia burst into tears. Melinda kept quiet, acting out the role of the bullied victim perfectly. Nelson declared that his granddaughter would be grounded until further notice, and had Gavin take her upstairs.
	Yulia was still trying to wrap her head around what was happening, and she walked into her room in a daze. What was clear to her, though, was the streak of fear that built up in her, a sudden, unexpected fear of Melinda.
	In time, Nelson retired back to his room, and the servants went back to their tasks. It was only Melinda and Jonas left in the room.
	"Are you all right?" Jonas asked in a quiet voice. "You didn’t hit your head, did you?"
	When there was no response he eased his hold and looked down at his wife. Melinda was staring straight ahead, seeming to have not heard him. Jonas repeated his questions this time louder.
	"I’m quite all right," she said finally, with an air of cold indifference. She wriggled in her seat in an attempt to break free from his arms, but Jonas only tightened his embrace.
	Miffed, she turned and looked up at him with a frown, obviously questioning his actions. To his credit, he quickly understood what she wanted to say.
	"You just had a fall, you shouldn’t overexert yourself. I’ll take you to your room. The doctor should arrive soon."
	Without another word he rose, his wife still in his arms. The abrupt motion caught Melinda by surprise, and she instinctively wound her arms around his neck.
	The doctor came shortly after. He would press on different areas of Melinda’s legs to check her injuries, and every time she would cry out. It greatly alarmed Jonas. Maybe she was seriously hurt after all.
	"The skin injury itself isn’t anything serious," the doctor said as he started to put away his instruments. "But your fall may have caused some trauma to your legs, seeing how you seem to feel pain everywhere.
	I will prescribe you with a topical medicine for the bruises and some internal ones to help with the pain. You need plenty of rest."
	"Don’t you need to take an X-ray?" Jonas suddenly demanded. The doctor paused what he was doing with no small amount of fear.
	The entire time he was examining the Gu family’s madam, he could feel the heat of Jonas’s sharp gaze. Every time he pressed on the madam’s joints, all three of them winced: she with pain, her husband with alarm, and himself with an irrational fear of Jonas’s wrath.
	Now, he turned to Jonas to explain that an X-ray would be unnecessary since he had ascertained that the injury didn’t go as far as the madam’s bones, but one look at Jonas’s expression had him instantly nodding in agreement.
	An X-ray examination was soon arranged, which revealed the doctor’s initial presumptions to be true. The only injuries the young madam got from the fall were bruises and a slight swelling in her ankles, although the doctor was a little baffled at the amount of pain she seemed to be feeling.
	Nonetheless, he had satisfied Jonas's demands, and quickly got out of their hair with much relief.
	"Jonas," Melinda finally spoke to him when they were alone again. "Is it too much to expect you to look after me throughout my recovery? This was all because of your precious sister, after all." She gave emphasis to the words precious sister in an attempt to rile Jonas.
	He didn’t say anything to that, and kept his thoughts on the matter to himself. But he did tend to his wife, bringing her meals and regularly seeing to her medicines. His treatment of her gratified Melinda somewhat. He seemed to be expressing his apology for what happened in the past week in this manner, so there was no reason for her to hold back from enjoying all the pampering.
	News of the incident reached Emily, and she quickly made attempts to disrupt Jonas’s time with his wife. In the days that followed, she would call Jonas and make up excuses to get him to come to her, but she was refused every time.
	She was becoming desperate. Melinda’s hold on Jonas seemed to have grown stronger. She couldn’t let things go on this way.
	"Jonas," she crooned over the phone one day, "I’m not feeling well today. Can you please take me to the hospital?"
	Melinda was able to walk at this point, although Jonas would still accompany her when she went out to the garden for some fresh air. After turning Emily away several times already, Jonas felt like he should go with her this time.
	He was in Melinda’s room when Emily called, and after disconnecting he got up to leave. He was halfway to the door when Melinda walked to a bedside table and pulled out their contract.
	"Jonas," she called out, holding up the document in front of her. "If you’re leaving me so easily to go to another woman, then there’s no point to our agreement, is there? I might as well tear up this contract."
	Her words had their desired effect; Jonas was rooted to the spot. He took a careful look at his wife. She didn’t seem to be joking at all. He had no doubts she would break their deal without a second thought if he pushed any further.
	"I see" was all he said. He sat back down at a nearby chair and, in front of Melinda, made a call to William and ordered his secretary to take care of the matters regarding Emily.
	Melinda calmed down a bit after that, but she was still pissed at Jonas, and sent him out of her room. The truth was that there had never been a deep connection between them throughout their time together.
	They might be treating each other civilly, and perhaps nicely from time to time, but they were treading on fragile ice. It could break any moment, and wouldn’t take much at all to crack.
	In order to cleanse her mind of such ugly thoughts, Melinda decided to take a little stroll in the garden. She hadn’t seen much of Yulia these days.
	Perhaps their recent episode had finally made her realize her mistakes, and she would no longer target Melinda. She found out soon enough that this was not the case at all.
	She ran into Yulia the moment she stepped back into the main villa after her walk. The younger woman was once again baring her fangs and glaring at her with much hatred.
	Melinda had already been feeling prickly over Jonas’s behavior earlier, and Yulia’s bitchiness only added fuel to a barely extinguished fire.
	'All right then. If you won’t back down, then neither will I. Let’s see this through to the end.'
	"Yulia," Melinda spoke. Her tone was gentle, but she made sure her voice was loud enough for any servants nearby to hear.
	"If you don’t like me, all you have to do is tell me. I’d no longer come to the main villa, if it upsets you so much."
	Melinda had learned the hard way never to put herself in a vulnerable position where she was wide open to the manipulation and abuse of others.
	She had also dealt with Emily enough times to have picked up some lessons in being petty and coy, and how to act pitiful to draw out the sympathy of others. Playing the victim came surprisingly easy to Melinda; she had been a true victim for the past five years after all.
	At Melinda’s words, it came to Yulia yet again how this woman before had drastically changed from the way she was in the past.
	A tinge of fear sprang up once again, but Yulia was not one for fear. As always, her temper took precedence.
Chapter 70 Wrong Information
	"Melinda, don't try to slander me," Yulia growled.
	"Yulia, can't we get along well?"
	Melinda asked, ignoring Yulia's words. Yulia was always causing trouble and Melinda didn't bother listening to her.
	Melinda had tolerated a lot of humiliation and pain for Jonas. But she wasn't ready to endure it anymore. She wanted to teach a lesson to everyone who was trying to rub her the wrong way.
	"Get along well?" Yulia asked, cackling like a maniac.
	"Are you fucking kidding me? Melinda, you can't be my brother's wife forever. I don't have to get along with you."
	Yulia believed that Jonas despised Melinda and he was pretending to get along with her because of Nelson. Nelson was already old and wouldn't be around for too long. With him gone, Melinda's life would be pitiful as Jonas would chuck her out of the house.
	"Yulia, that's enough."
	Melinda turned around angrily and was about to leave. But she bumped heavily into Yulia's arm, causing her phone to fall on the carpet.
	"Your phone."
	Melinda picked up the phone and handed it to Yulia, while her fingers were firmly clasping it. She had an identical phone in her hand.
	Yulia pulled the phone angrily. The screen was blank and she couldn't turn it on.
	"Damn it, how did it break?"
	"Your phone is too old. It's time to buy a new one," Melinda said guiltily.
	That was not Yulia's phone because Melinda had intentionally switched phones. She had taken Yulia's phone and replaced it with an old, damaged one.
	However, Yulia was gullible. She thought that her phone was broken for real. Melinda breathed a sigh of relief and left.
	Melinda had flicked Yulia's phone to find out her plans. Although she could decipher Yulia's password, she had overestimated the quality of her phone.
	The phone had collided with the furniture, causing the screen to shatter. Melinda couldn't turn it on.
	Fortunately, the damage wasn't serious. Melinda went to the store to repair it. The phone was fixed in no time and Melinda immediately unlocked the phone. As expected, the password was Yulia's date of birth.
	Melinda was aware that Yulia leaked information about her whereabouts to others. So she quickly opened her WeChat.
	Yulia had added many rich society gals in her WeChat and it was flooding with messages. As she scrolled down the contact list, a particular picture caught her attention.
	It was a portrait of a woman and Melinda quickly recognized that it was Emily. Her eyes widened with shock when she saw the chat records.
	"What the hell!"
	Melinda's mouth twitched with anger. She scrolled down and read the entire conversation. All her doubts were cleared as she understood what was going on.
	Yulia and Emily had worked together to fool Jonas. Melinda felt stupid for underestimating Yulia.
	She quickly noted Emily's WeChat number and used Yulia's identity to buy a new number. She created a new WeChat ID with the number and quickly added Emily.
	Melinda instantly got a notification that Emily had accepted her request.
	"What happened to your previous account?" Emily texted.
	"My brother knows my previous account. It will be easy for him to find out. Moreover, my phone broke this morning, so I got a new one. Contact me on this number."
	Melinda's expert fingers typed the message in an instant as a smile tugged at the corners of her lips. The man who had repaired the phone looked at Melinda and glanced at the air conditioner as he felt the temperature had dropped.
	"Miss, is anything wrong with the phone?" he asked worriedly.
	"No, thank you, sir."
	She nodded and left the store. Melinda and Jonas had planned to have dinner at the fish farm tonight but Yulia had informed Emily about it. Melinda knew that Emily would also come there and ruin their dinner.
	So she quickly called Jonas.
	"Jonas, I don't want to go to the fish farm tonight. Do you mind changing the place?" Melinda asked seductively.
	She seldom made any request, so Jonas immediately agreed without questioning her.
	"William told me about a good restaurant. We can go there."
	"That's awesome. William is omnipotent and I think it's time for you to give him a raise." Melinda chuckled, oblivious to what Jonas was about to do.
	Jonas grudgingly deducted William's bonus. William felt dejected because his bonus was higher than his salary.
	He didn't know what he had done wrong and didn't dare to ask Jonas about it. So he promised to work harder and impress Jonas to get a hike.
	Emily waited for Melinda and Jonas until nine in the evening. But Jonas and Melinda had already finished dinner by then and were returning home.
	The next day was the end of the week. Jonas and Melinda agreed to Nelson's request and decided to go on a date. They informed everyone in the family that they were going to a resort. Melinda sent a message to Emily and grinned wickedly.
	"Jonas, are you afraid of anything?" Melinda asked, cocking her head to the side.
	"No," he answered coldly.
	Melinda was taken aback by Jonas's response. But she quickly ignored him and flashed a smile. She had come to the amusement park to have fun. Jonas never understood anything other than work, so she decided to ignore him and make the most of her time here.
	"Good. In that case, let's start with the haunted house, followed by a roller coaster ride, giant Frisbee, and finally the pirate ship,"
	Melinda said, clapping her hands excitedly. She had always been an adventurous person and enjoyed the adrenaline rush. She had been waiting to go to the amusement park for a long time.
	Jonas looked at Melinda and rolled his eyes. "You are allowed to play only one adventurous ride. So make up your mind. You have plenty of time to pick one."
	"What?" Melinda's smile was wiped off in an instant.
	"I said you can only go on one adventurous ride. I won't repeat myself."
	Melinda tried reading Jonas's face to find out if he was joking. But his serious expression told that he wasn't lying. She was heartbroken.
	Melinda tried convincing him but he didn't seem to compromise. Melinda just got better and he knew that the rides would take a toll on her body. He agreed to let her pick the game of her choice as he didn't have the heart to say no to her.
	The haunted house was lifelike. The sound and props were disturbing and unearthly. Although Melinda constantly said that everything was fake, she clung on to Jonas for dear life. She almost hugged Jonas and nestled her face into the crook of his neck during the final act. The ghost looked almost real and Melinda was too scared to open her eyes.
	But Jonas glared at the actor who was playing ghost, so he left without playing tricks on Jonas.
	Jonas had never witnessed the bubbly side of Melinda. She was giggling like a little girl. His heart melted into a puddle and he couldn't take his eyes off her.
	Melinda was still holding Jonas's arms tightly as they walked out of the haunted house. She listened to Jonas and took the mellow rides and munched on snacks.
	Jonas had been incredibly sweet and protective of Melinda and she ended up having the best day of her life. Moreover, she had managed to get rid of Emily and everything seemed better without her evil plans.
	Both Melinda and Jonas were exhausted when they got into the car. Jonas was busy reading the company's documents and Melinda was fast asleep on his shoulder. Her soft breath was rhythmically blowing across his neck.
	"Slow down," Jonas whispered.
	"Yes, sir."
	Jonas slowly pulled out the blanket and draped it across Melinda's shoulders.
	They soon arrived at the Gu's mansion. Jonas glanced at Melinda who was sleeping peacefully. He put the document down and rubbed his eyebrows helplessly. He opened the door, slid Melinda into his arms, and walked out of the car.
	Everyone in the villa was shocked to see Jonas carry Melinda in his arms. They couldn't help but wonder what had caused the sudden change in him. Nelson would have danced in joy if he had witnessed this beautiful scene.
	Emily had missed Jonas yet again. She was tired of waiting for him only to return home in vain. She couldn't contain her anger anymore. Yulia wasn't replying to her messages either, so she sent a message to her original account.
	Yulia had logged into WeChat on her computer and immediately read Emily's message.
	"What the hell is wrong with you? Why have you been giving wrong information about Melinda's whereabouts? I'm sick of your games."
	Emily had been neglecting her duties just to get closer to Jonas. She went to the place Yulia mentions in the text. But Jonas wasn't there and she waited there for him like an idiot.
	"What do you mean by wrong information?"
	"You told me that Jonas had gone to the resort with Melinda. I've been waiting at the resort the whole day but I neither saw Jonas nor Melinda."
	Yulia knitted her brows in confusion. "I didn't send any message to you."
	"Stop it, Yulia. I have the chat records."
	"I don't know what you're talking about. My phone is broken."
	"I know. I wonder if you've broken your brain as well. Melinda is a smart woman. Stop playing your stupid games and find out what she's up to."
	Yulia could sense Emily's anger in her messages. But she couldn't understand what was going on. She hadn't contacted Emily for the past two days. How did Emily know that her phone was broken and what was she saying about the wrong information? Yulia's brain was buzzing with questions.
	Melinda's phone was chiming with messages from WeChat. She opened her eyes and saw the messages flashing on her phone. A smile stretched across her face when she read their messages. She immediately recorded the conversation.
	Melinda shook her head when she thought about how Yulia and Emily joined hands to destroy her, even though they despised each other.
	Emily was annoyed and ended the conversation. She hadn't seen Jonas for a long time, so she decided to call and fix a meeting with him.
	Jonas's phone blared when he walked out of the shower. Melinda sat on the bed cross-legged and looked at Jonas. She was looking different. Her tranquil eyes exuded a peculiar charm.
	"Jonas, are you free tomorrow? I would like to go to the hot spring with you,"
	Melinda asked, batting her eyelashes. Jonas swallowed loudly as his heart skipped a beat. Suddenly, his phone rang, and it was from Emily. He picked his phone and walked out of the room to talk with her. He leaned against the doorframe and looked at Melinda. She looked at him with a small smile on her face.
Chapter 71 Exposed
	"I see."
	Jonas hung up the phone and walked towards Melinda, looking confused. The woman who had fallen asleep earlier was now in high spirits. He thought that he should leave her in the car. Anyway, she woke up after he took a shower.
	"Your pure angel asked you out, right?"
	Melinda asked with a smile. She hadn't mentioned the term "pure angel" ever since Jonas got furious when he heard it last time. Maybe it was because Jonas's attitude was too good recently, or it was because of the change in her mood that Melinda began to be unscrupulous.
	Jonas was undoubtedly not angry. Most of Emily's behaviors during this period made him feel a little uncomfortable.
	"She asked me to go with her to the hot spring tomorrow."
	"Wow, that sounds romantic."
	Her bright eyes made Jonas feel a little guilty. Then Melinda took out her mobile phone and showed him a chat log.
	There was a record of instant messaging conversations between Yulia and Emily. Jonas's eyes gradually became dark, and the emotions he suppressed inside were hard to explore.
	He felt that the Emily he knew in real life and the Emily speaking in the conversation were two different people. Yulia's attitude towards Melinda remained the same as before. Melinda waited quietly for Jonas to finish reading and then asked lightly, "Are you still going to meet her?"
	"I will take you fishing tomorrow,"
	Jonas said, giving her his answer.
	Melinda smiled with satisfaction and felt some relief in her heart. She feared that Jonas would ask her how she had come into possession of the exchange. She didn't want Jonas to find out what she had done to obtain it.
	Emily assumed that Jonas had accepted her offer to meet up. Hence, she arranged things early in the morning and prepared to dress up, especially her swimsuit, hoping for a chance to have sex with him.
	She knew Jonas well. If they had made love, Jonas's heart and mind would automatically belong to her.
	However, she didn't expect that Jonas would stand her up after she waited for a long time. Emily walked anxiously to their agreed meeting place, but she couldn't go outside to assess the situation due to her public status.
	As time went by, Emily continued to wait in vain. The person she was supposed to meet was already fishing with Melinda in a reservoir in the suburb.
	Melinda kept mum the whole time. At this point, she found a suitable leisure project. Although Jonas had caught a lot of fish and she didn't make any participation, she still enjoyed herself. It was something of a relief to have a sincerely happy moment between them.
	"Oh, I think I caught one,"
	she said in surprise, holding her breath and looking at the pole. Melinda felt some movement. The rod dipped again, and she sensed a slight tug on her hands. Jonas felt a sudden attraction to Melinda for a while.
	But at this time, Jonas's phone rang. Before Melinda could reel the fish in, it swam away.
	"Jonas, you should compensate me for the fish that got away."
	Melinda got up angrily, and the stool tottered to the side. Jonas looked at her innocently and then pointed to his bucket, where many fishes were alive and jumping.
	"Just pick whatever you like."
	Melinda was furious.
	The phone call was from Emily. She sounded very resentful and asked Jonas where he was, saying it was getting late already.
	"Something suddenly came up, and I can't just leave. Have a good time."
	There was no emotion in Jonas's voice. Hearing his impassive words made Emily's heart jumped. There was a hollow feeling in her heart.
	Still quite annoyed, Melinda stared hard at the pile of fish, then at her empty bucket, and finally, put down the fishing rod and gave up.
	"I think I'm more suited for typing on the keyboard,"
	Melinda said vaguely. Jonas smiled but didn't say anything, and he didn't imperil Melinda to Emily. He then sorted out his things, took her to the restaurant, and handed the fish to the people working there.
	In addition to losing a fish, Melinda had a gratifying day. She fell asleep in the car on the way back, and Jonas toke her directly to the villa. This time, Melinda didn't wake up but slept until dawn.
	Yulia found that the relationship between Melinda and Jonas had improved recently. Jonas took Melinda anywhere she wanted to go when he had a day off from work. When he was busy working, Melinda took the time to cook and would go to his office to bring him food from time to time. Every single day they connected, like a couple in love.
	Emily couldn't get hold of Jonas lately, and he always rejected her calls for various reasons.
	"Jonas, you've been very kind to her recently."
	Yulia's tone was very harsh. Melinda raised her eyebrows as she listened to her and then continued to eat to see what Yulia wanted to say.
	"She married you just for money. I saw her flirting with her old lover in the coffee shop the other day."
	The old lover she referred to must be Kent. Melinda did go to see Kent two days ago, but his wife was also there by his side. Yulia's eyes might have a little problem since Jonas was also present that day.
	As expected, Jonas's expression began to change subtly. Yulia kept on talking, trying to sabotage the relationship between the two people, but Jonas ignored her.
	Yulia had no idea what to do. When Jonas was not around, she began to talk about Jonas and Emily in front of Melinda. She kept on aggravating the two sides. One was bright, and the other was dark, but the final result was the same.
	"Jonas, I'd like to eat some cakes of Chen's pastry shop and the black tea you made."
	"You go to the pavilion first. I'll get the tea."
	Jonas was very tolerant of Melinda's sudden request. He asked somebody to buy cakes and prepared tea for his specification in person.
	The two people, like air, ignored Yulia. Jonas's attitude towards Yulia was so evident that he intentionally avoided and dismissed her.
	Seeing the two leave, Yulia found a corner where no one was there and called Emily.
	"They have been staying at home all the time, and my brother is on the lookout for me."
	"Jonas is on the lookout for you?"
	"Yes, do you have any clue if we've exposed a certain part of our plan? I have a feeling that they have discovered it. What should we do now?"
	"Don't overthink. This matter..."
	Emily said. She couldn't lose Yulia since she was her insider.
	"Yulia!"
	Suddenly, there was an angry voice from Jonas on the phone. In a hurry, Emily hung up, and Yulia stood frozen in place.
	Behind her, there appeared Melinda and Jonas, who she assumed were already in the pavilion. Melinda's face was full of satisfaction and peace. She had long suspected that Yulia would call Emily.
	It turned out that they had prepared for today's scene. The dessert and drink were just a cover to let Yulia slacken her alertness.
	Yulia was in the backyard every time she made a phone call, and Jonas found that the tea set was missing after he took out the tea leaves. So Melinda led him to the yard and witnessed this.
	"Jonas... Jonas, why are you here?"
	Yulia found herself somewhat tongue-tied, and her throat parched. Her hand dripped the phone tightly. Layers of cold sweat came out of her forehead, and her head spun rapidly, thinking of defense to mislead them.
	"Should you explain to me what happened?"
	Jonas reached out his hand and grabbed Yulia's arm. The phone fell to the ground, so Melinda picked it up. The recent call record showed Emily's name.
	"Yulia, when did you get to know Emily? Your relationship seems close since you have communication with each other so often."
	"Don't touch my phone, Melinda."
	Yulia, who didn't dare say anything to Jonas, treated Melinda with complete arrogance. Then she felt the atmosphere turned chilly. The eyes of Jonas were like frost, which made her tremble all over.
	"Exasperating, right?"
	Melinda asked jokingly and then dialed Emily's number. Nobody answered the receiver for a long time. Yulia's heart raised to her throat with each ring.
	Seeing that no one answered, Yulia was relieved.
	"Jonas, use your phone."
	Melinda returned Yulia's mobile phone to her and then reached into the corner of Jonas's clothes. Jonas let go of Yulia and directed her to the hall.
	Yulia followed in silence, feeling jittery.
	Nelson also heard about this matter. At this time, he was sitting in the hall, looking at Jonas horizontally. He was very distressed and took away Melinda. "My child, you have been misrepresented again."
	"Grandpa, it's not clear yet."
	"There's no need to figure it out. I think that woman designed the whole plan."
	Nelson didn't like Emily, and everyone knew about it. But this was the first time that he had such an attitude. If it were in the past, Jonas would oppose him outright, but now he could only listen to him today.
	Emily answered the phone call of Jonas though she was a bit reluctant.
	"Jonas,"
	Emily said in a low voice. "Emily, why did you let Yulia monitor Melinda?" Jonas opened his mouth under the gaze and earshot of everyone.
	"Jonas, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to do it. Could you forgive me?"
	"Give me a reason."
	"Jonas, I love you so much that I can't bear to see you stuck with someone you have no feelings for, so I came up with this idea. Jonas, I'm so sorry. It's all my fault."
	It was a sad cry. Those who heard it might even shed tears, but Melinda sneered. No wonder Emily was the first-line actress, she could weep with the snap of a finger.
	"In the future, don't let such a person full of bad intentions come in direct contact with our Gu family. Gavin, freeze all the cards of Yulia. Don't let her go out without my order."
	Nelson had never been so infuriated. Melinda hurriedly rubbed his back to help him breathe smoothly, and also advised him to calm down. For Nelson's illness, he couldn't get too emotional.
	Emily's face turned pale, and she realized what had happened. Jonas hung up the phone calmly, and Gavin took Yulia back to the bedroom.
	"Keep an eye on Yulia. Don't let her keep in touch with Emily,"
	Nelson continued to speak uneasily. He needed to be on guard against the scheming Emily.
	The whole thing happened around Melinda, but she was like an onlooker when they dealt with it.
	"You're the only one who thinks that Emily is innocent. Look at this woman here. She's a nice lady,"
	Nelson scoffed at Jonas. Melinda, standing between the two guys, felt powerless. One of the bodyguards of the Gu's mansion went in at this time, bringing news that surprised everyone. Someone at the door wanted to see Jonas, and the person's identity was highly controversial.
Chapter 72 Pregnancy
	"Holley?"
	Melinda called in shock. A lot of things had happened lately and Melinda almost forgot that Holley existed.
	Nelson became furious when he found out that it was Jonas's ex-girlfriend coming. He resisted the urge to hit Jonas. Nelson's grip on the walking stick tightened and his knuckles almost turned white.
	"All the girls are looking for you," Melinda uttered sarcastically.
	"Let her go back,"
	Jonas ordered, looking uneasy as he wondered what Holley had come for.
	"Mr. Jonas…" the bodyguard stepped forward and whispered in Jonas's ears. "That lady is saying that she is pregnant with your child."
	He looked around to check if anyone was listening to their conversation. Luckily, no one could hear them.
	The bodyguard didn't dare to look at Jonas. He knew how Jonas would react.
	Although Nelson didn't hear anything, his anger reached its peak when he saw Jonas walk towards Holley. He grabbed his walking stick and smacked Jonas in the back. His body was shaking with anger and he lost balance and fell to the ground. Melinda lunged forward and held him. Her heart sank when she saw that Nelson's face had turned pale.
	Melinda had somehow managed to get rid of Emily but there was another storm in her life in the form of Holley. Everything seemed to be tangled into a fine mess.
	"Gavin, take Grandpa upstairs and let that woman in."
	"No way, Mellie. I want to know why she has come here. I won't let anyone take advantage of my absence to torture you. You've been through a lot already."
	Gavin quickly held Nelson's hand to support him but Nelson pushed him away. Jonas was leaning against the wall, alleviating the pain. The bodyguard looked at them and snuck out of the house before he got into trouble.
	Nelson's hands were trembling with anger. But Melinda hid her annoyance and remained composed.
	"Grandpa, trust me. I'll be fine."
	Melinda smiled reassuringly. She was not the woman who once wallowed in self-pity and cried herself to sleep. She had become stronger and wouldn't let anyone bully her.
	Although Nelson reluctantly turned to leave, he was still worried about Melinda. She endured everything without complaining. He glared at Jonas warningly and went back to his room.
	Jonas and Melinda were all alone in the enormous living room. Melinda closed her eyes and sighed. She wondered what plan had Holley come up with. When she glanced at the door, she saw Holley sashaying towards Jonas with a seductive grin.
	Holley was a model and always wore high heels. But she walked in flat slippers today. She ignored Melinda and turned to look at Jonas.
	"Jonas, I miss you so much."
	Holley pouted.
	She peered at the surroundings and was relieved to find that Nelson wasn't around.
	But her heart was racing in a steady rhythm as she anticipated that things could take a wrong turn.
	Holley had been pregnant for more than a month but her stomach was still flat and showed no signs of pregnancy. Melinda saw Holley caressing her stomach. Hatred resided in the pit of her stomach but she tried hard not to show it.
	"Holley, it's been a long time."
	Melinda smiled and ordered the servant to bring a cup of tea for her. Jonas became anxious as he didn't want Melinda to find out that Holley was pregnant.
	"Someone has sent cakes from your favorite store. You go to your room and rest. I'm going to take you to a party tonight," Jonas said.
	"Jonas..." Melinda trailed off, her eyebrows furrowed with confusion.
	"Honey, go to your room and rest. I'll be back before you know. I won't let anyone hurt you." Jonas smiled reassuringly.
	Melinda was initially angry but Jonas's words seemed to calm her down. She glanced at Holley and back at Jonas, shook her head, and left for her room.
	Holley's eyes widened with shock. She had never seen Jonas and Melinda get along well. She hated how Jonas treated Melinda as if she were the only girl in the world.
	"Jonas, I..."
	"We can talk about it later."
	Jonas wriggled out of Holley's hold and took her to an isolated spot at the main villa, where no one could hear them. He also instructed his men to not let anyone in.
	Holley bit her lip and looked at Jonas. The guilt was consuming her. Part of her felt that she was betraying him. But she knew that she was left with no other choice. Although Holley was sure of her decision, she was still scared.
	She would lose everything if Jonas found the truth. Jonas was smart and had people everywhere. He would never forgive her if he found that she was fooling him.
	"Jonas, I'm pregnant," Holley whispered, rubbing her belly.
	Her heart swelled with joy. Holley had developed a strong bond with the baby irrespective of who the father was. But money was her priority.
	She thought that she could use her pregnancy as a means to get married to the Gu family. Her life would be settled and she wouldn't have to worry about anything else.
	Everyone had forgotten Holley after she had broken up with Jonas. Even her web series was delayed due to a financial crisis and she had to go to all kinds of social events and attract rich people to invest in the web series for her.
	Holley was an attractive, young woman but everyone was afraid of getting closer to her because of Jonas.
	Just when Holley thought about giving up on men, she accidentally met a generous guy who promised to turn her life into a fairytale.
	Holley was smart. She knew that the man wouldn't help her without a motive. So she decided to sleep with him. But once the man was satisfied, he grew distant and started avoiding Holley.
	Holley didn't realize the truth about the man until she became pregnant. She decided to confront the man and inform him about her pregnancy. But when she went to his company, she understood that he had been lying all this time. There was no such company and the mansion that he had claimed to be his.
	After a lot of effort, Holley finally found the man. She demanded one million to settle things between them.
	The man was horrified to find that Holley was pregnant. Moreover, she was demanding one million dollars that he had never seen in his life before.
	"I don't have so much money."
	"How dare you sleep with me and get me pregnant if you don't have money?"
	Holley burst into a fit of rage. The man had promised to invest five million dollars in the web series but he had been lying the entire time. Holley was devastated. She felt stupid for trusting him.
	"I'm not rich like you think. I'm utterly broke. I lied to get into your pants. Why are you talking like the baby means the world to you? You're a slut. You threw yourself at me when you thought I was rich. Stop overreacting and abort the baby."
	"You fucking son of a bitch! I'll skin you alive."
	Holley was seething with rage. She slapped the man on the face. The man's posture stiffened as he grew angry. He grabbed Holley's arm, twisted it behind her back, and pushed her away.
	"How dare you hit me? I'll fucking destroy you."
	"Don't pretend like you're a tough guy. Both of us know that you're a loser," Holley guffawed.
	"I don't want to waste my time on you anymore."
	The man was a loser who pretended to be rich. He had gone to a party, hoping to find a rich woman. But he didn't expect to find Holley.
	He didn't want to miss the opportunity and decided to go after her. Although she wasn't popular anymore, he couldn't resist her ravishing beauty.
	Holley had to endure threats and humiliation because of him. The producers warned that they would chase her out of the entertainment circle if she failed to arrange her share of investment.
	After a lot of thinking, Holley decided to abort the child. But a sudden idea cropped in her mind as her thoughts flitted to Jonas. She decided to get back to Jonas and tell him that it was his baby. She knew that he would offer help if he found that she was carrying his baby.
	"How long has it been?"
	"More than forty days."
	Holley told the truth. She knew Jonas very well. He would go to the hospital and check if she was telling the truth.
	Jonas had already sent his men to the hospital to find out if Holley was pregnant or not. He had pulled a few strings and the doctor shared Holley's medical report with Jonas. Holley had been pregnant for forty six days.
	Jonas knew that Holley was an attention seeker. He was surprised that Holley hadn't publicized the news about her pregnancy to turn everyone's attention towards her. Jonas sensed that something was wrong.
	"Holley, we haven't been touch. Why have you come to me?"
	Jonas had abstained from women and sex after he had signed the agreement with Melinda. His sharp eyes were boring into Holley's face, almost as if he was trying to dig the truth out of her. Holley shifted uncomfortably on her feet. "Err... you were drunk the other day."
	That was when it dawned on him. He had attended a banquet half a month ago. He was having a bad time, so he got completely drunk. Holley was there too.
	"Damn it!"
	Jonas remembered staggering out of the hall with Holley. They had taken the elevator to the hotel room.
	But everything was blank after that. He couldn't recollect what had happened after taking the elevator.
	Jonas pursed his lips and tried hard to think but he couldn't remember anything. Holley observed Jonas's expression and was glad that he didn't remember any of it. Holley had managed to take him to a hotel room that night. But Jonas had passed out as soon as they entered the room. She tried waking him up but Jonas was completely knocked off, so she left alone. And before she was out of the hotel, she came across that loser, her baby's father. Then they had sex that night.
	"Jonas, do you believe me now?"
	Holley asked as a lone tear fell from her eyes.
	"I suggest you abort the child."
	Jonas's voice was cold and emotionless. He didn't want Holley to be the mother of his child. He knew that Nelson and Melinda would be heartbroken, so he decided to put an end to it before they found about the baby.
	Jonas understood that alcohol could wreak havoc in his life. Therefore, he promised himself to not get drunk and lose control.
	He planned to cut William's bonus for not watching him at the banquet. Poor William had to pay the price for it even though he was innocent.
	Holley wasn't surprised by Jonas's decision. Although she didn't have the heart to get rid of the baby, abortion was the only choice she had.
Chapter 73 An Accident
	"Jonas, this is our baby." Holley had both hands on her belly in a protective gesture. She backed away a few steps, wary of the dark expression on Jonas’s face. She could feel the force of his intent across that small distance.
	"I will never acknowledge that child. Get rid of it."
	"Jonas, how could you say that? This is your baby!" Holley immediately regretted her sudden outburst. There was a ruthless glint on Jonas’s eyes, and it frightened her.
	"One million," Jonas barked each word succinctly. "Get rid of that child."
	Holley felt a momentary elation the moment she heard the amount of money that was coming her way. She had initially planned on using her baby as leverage to extort some money.
	But then Jonas’s continuous denial and his vehement demands to get an abortion were starting to get to her. It was then that it dawned on her: she wanted both the money and the child.
	Besides, if she could get Jonas to accept them, she might even have a shot at becoming his wife. That was all the motivation she needed. "Jonas, this is a human life you want to eliminate!"
	"Do you think I care?" A sardonic smile was on his face. If he wanted a child he could always have one with his wife, and no one else.
	At that point Holley knew resistance was futile, and no amount of her dramatics would make him change his mind. This was the rumored tyrant, after all, the man whose emotions no one could seem to stir.
	"Jonas. Jonas, please, I really want to keep the baby. Please give us a chance, okay? Please? For old times’ sake?" She needed the baby alive if she wanted a trump card in the future.
	She started to go down on her knees and knelt her way towards Jonas, begging and crying as she grabbed his hand.
	Jonas only slapped her hand away, and shot her a look of utter irritation. It looked like he would forcefully throw her out at any given moment.
	"One million," he repeated. "I will personally take care of the arrangements for the abortion. The doctor has to be someone I trust." He moved away from where Holley crouched on the ground.
	"You had better accept this proposition, Holley, while I’m still being patient and telling you nicely. If you don’t, I’ll make sure you lose everything you have."
	Holley rose and touched her belly, the tears flowing down her face now turning genuine. "Jonas, please." All she could do was beg. She knew Jonas would do exactly as he said. She’d seen him trample on other people to get things done the way he wanted.
	She was having seconds now. She truly wanted to keep her baby, not just to use it for whatever greedy plans she might hatch. But at the same time she harbored a great fear at what Jonas might do to her. To say she was regretting ever coming here today would be a gross understatement. Jonas smoothed his shirt from when Holley tried to maul him, and adjusted his collar with cold indifference. "I will give you three days to make a decision. I know you’re not stupid, Holley. I trust you know what choice would be good for you." With that Jonas turned away and called for Gavin. He ordered for Holley to be escorted out of the premises, and returned to the villa to pour himself a stiff drink.
	Melinda was at the pavilion at that time, and she saw Holley leaving through the gates. Although she couldn’t see the woman’s face clearly, she got the impression that the model was being sent away.
	Melinda remained in the pavilion for a few minutes more, expecting Jonas to come to her. When he didn’t show up after a while, she went looking for him.
	She scoured the main villa, but her husband seemed to have shut himself out somewhere. Deciding not to dwell on it, Melinda retired to her own villa.
	The moment she opened the door to her foyer, she was assaulted by the pungent smell of alcohol and cigarette smoke. Jonas was sprawled on one of the large chairs in her parlor.
	"What do you think you’re doing? If you want to smoke and drink yourself to death, kindly do it somewhere else."
	Melinda rushed to the windows and threw them wide open to air the room. Then she walked over and stood in front of her husband, hands on her hips.
	"What’s your problem? Are you so glad to see your old lover you’re indulging yourself with your vices?" She was careful to keep her jealousy out of her tone
	At that, Jonas finally looked at her. His eyes were hooded and his voice sounded tired. "Do I look glad to you? You must be blind, wife."
	"I’m blind all right, to think I fell in love with you," Melinda muttered to herself as she picked up the empty bottle rolling on the floor.
	If this was all he finished, then Jonas must not be drunk. He certainly looked the part, though, slumped on the chair with his feet on the coffee table.
	"What are you whispering to yourself?" he asked with a frown, his tone a little annoyed.
	Melinda rolled her eyes. "Nothing."
	He was almost sure it wasn’t "nothing" at all, but he was too tired to press the matter.
	He was brooding over how to shut Holley up. He didn’t want anyone to know why she came here today, especially Melinda. He was admittedly worried what she might do if she found out. He had no doubt he’d hate it. Thinking about this possibility only soured his mood even further.
	He spent the rest of the afternoon in their villa, and Melinda prepared some tea to revive him from all the alcohol he consumed. They spent their time together in amicable silence, and neither spoke of Holley from that point onward.
	Jonas had assigned men to keep an eye on Holley. Once the three-day mark passed and she made no move to have an abortion, he would take drastic measures and make her regret it for the rest of her life.
	What he did not anticipate, however, was that Holley contacted the press and leaked the "scandal." She must have been desperate indeed, for her to dare.
	The story reached Nelson’s ears through one of his business partners, and it came to him as a shock. He almost had a heart attack on the spot. People rushed over to calm their master, and when he had collected himself, he barked out orders and headed straight to the company.
	His appearance in the Soaring Group building caused uproar among the employees, and everyone scurried on his trail as he stormed to the main offices. They knew without asking that something big was about to go down.
	Nelson was greeted by William at the reception to Jonas’s office, and the secretary told him his grandson was in the middle of a meeting. Without mincing his words, Nelson ordered the poor secretary to barge into the conference room and halt the meeting.
	William scrambled to carry out the task, urgently asking the board members to vacate the room. As soon as it was just Nelson and Jonas left, William shut the door behind him, and joined the rest of the company in a worried fret.
	Jonas had been dealing with endless meetings since early that morning, and was yet unaware of the ugly havoc that Holley wreaked in public.
	That being the case, he was surprised at his grandfather’s sudden visit, but saw no cause to worry. "What brings you here, Grandpa?"
	"Grandpa, you call me!" Nelson exclaimed, looking up in exasperation. "Are you even really my grandson?! How could you do this! What face do I have to show Leonard in the future after what you’ve done?!"
	He was heartbroken, he was ashamed. It had only been a few days ago when he made a promise to Leonard that he would protect Melinda no matter what.
	Jonas knew immediately from his grandfather’s tirade that this was about Holley. He didn’t know the extent of the damage yet, but he knew that woman really had a death wish.
	He ran a hand over his face, and his eyes narrowed dangerously. "Grandpa, I’ll handle this."
	"How?!" Nelson shouted in anger and frustration. "Do you even realize just how deep in shit you are? Now everyone knows what you’ve done. What will Melinda think? Oh God, what will people think of her?"
	Nelson’s greatest sorrow in this entire debacle was apparent failure to raise a good man in his grandson. To think that he committed infidelity, and even compounded his mistake by making his other woman pregnant!
	His grandfather’s words hollowed Jonas’s mind of every thought except for his wife. The implications of this situation came crashing down on him all at once.
	Nelson kept on with his miserable tirade, and the whole time all Jonas could think of was "no." 'No, no, no, no, no. This can’t be happening, I never wanted this to happen!'
	"For god’s sake!" his grandfather cried at last. He was shaking with emotion, and finally seated himself on one of the chairs.
	Jonas kept his silence the entire time, absorbed in his own dark thoughts. For a brief, whimsical moment, he remembered his childhood.
	Back then, when he angered his grandfather, the old man would beat him. But now his grandfather was slumped in defeat, and it brought Jonas shame upon shame to have reduced him to this.
	At that moment Nelson was internally berating himself, regretting how he always pushed for Jonas and Melinda’s marriage. She did not deserve Jonas at all.
	He could never make someone with such a bright and beautiful soul happy. His grandson was the kind of man who would only bring misery to a marriage.
	A knock startled them from their wretched thoughts. It was William, saying that something urgent had come up, and they needed Jonas to take care of it.
	Nelson walked out of the room without a word. Jonas was quick on his grandfather’s heels, giving out precise instructions to William as they strode down the offices.
	The two men soon found themselves in the car, heading straight to their mansion. Neither spoke, and heavy tension hung in the small closed space they shared.
	Jonas was at the edge of his seat the entire ride home, dreading the inevitable meeting with his wife.
	In the past, no amount of problem would have been able to crack his cool composure. He would remain detached in the face of anything.
	But in that car ride that was all too short for his liking. He was going crazy thinking about what Melinda might do after this whole fiasco. 'What would she say? Will she leave, for good?'
	That last line of thought left a sour taste in his mouth, and Jonas decided then and there that regardless of the countless possibilities, that option alone was unacceptable.
	It wasn’t hard for the news to reach Melinda, no matter that she barely left the mansion. After all, there was someone in residence who relished in giving her a hard time.
	After being grounded, Yulia spent most of her days surfing the internet, and today was no exception.
	After coming across the scandal, she promptly shared the link to the article across her social media accounts, certain that Melinda would be able to see at least one of them.
	Jonas found Melinda sitting in the garden gazebo—with her laptop. Her screen was screaming the headline about her husband’s scandal, and she was staring at it with a blank expression, her eyes devoid of their usual warmth.
	Jonas hesitated for a moment, his Adam’s apple bobbing several times as he swallowed and mustered his courage. He finally took a deep breath and stepped into the gazebo.
	"Melinda."
	His wife turned lazily and cocked her head at him, looking calm and unaffected. "Oh you’re here already? I rather thought you might be going to the mother of your child."
	She had a gentle little smile on her face, and her voice held no sarcasm whatsoever. Jonas lost his trail of thought and just stared at her desperately.
	She waited for a few moments, but was only met with a suffocating silence. She then turned back to her laptop and leisurely closed the screen.
	"I can explain," Jonas choked out, his voice hoarse.
	"Explain what?" Melinda maintained her indifferent demeanor. "Are you going to deny that Holley is your lover, and say that the child she carries isn’t yours?" She thought back on how sure and arrogant Holley was when she suddenly showed up a couple of days ago. She remembered how Jonas made sure to speak with her privately.
	It turned out they were going to have a rather serious discussion. Jonas had known since that day, and chose to say nothing.
	And now that the secret was out, he wanted to explain himself, cornering her as if she owed it to him to listen to whatever reasons he came up with. Melinda wouldn’t put up with it.
	"The baby is indeed mine, but it was all just an accident!" The desperate edge was unmistakable on Jonas's voice, but his words of confirmation only hammered another nail to her already broken and much-abused heart.
	"How could it possibly have been an accident when she's the one you've loved?" Ugly thoughts flooded Melinda’s mind at that moment. Her husband was having a child with the very woman who had caused her to lose theirs!
	"I was drunk, and wasn’t aware of anything," Jonas said urgently, his tone imploring. "I told Holley to abort the baby, I made sure she would, I never meant for things to turn out this way!"
	Never in his life did Jonas think he would find himself scrambling desperately to explain his actions or his decisions. Especially not to Melinda, of all people.
	He no longer knew what to say. Over the course of their marriage, it seemed like he never knew the right words to say. Never the right words. To her, his wife.
Chapter 74 Because of Jealousy
	"You were drunk?" Melinda asked sarcastically. "What a totally lame excuse." She couldn’t believe this was the best excuse he could come up with. No matter how hard he’d explain it, there was no denying that men tend to think with their dicks. Who was to say that Jonas was any different?
	"Melinda, I’m telling you the truth, I swear!" Seeing that nothing he said seemed to come through to his wife, he heaved a defeated sigh. "What more do you want from me?"
	"What I want from you?" Melinda scoffed. "I never asked for an explanation to begin with. What, did you maybe expect me to feel grateful that you offered an explanation?
	Should I have just forgiven you when you said it was an accident? Should I have consoled you and told you it was Holley’s fault, that she took advantage of you?" Melinda’s temper spiked. Those thoughts had been swirling in her head, but saying them out loud gave them more weight and only served to fuel her fury.
	She had the urge to throw things and scream until her voice gave out. But she would do none of that.
	For one thing, the only object available for throwing was her laptop, and she had important files stored in it. Besides, she would never behave in such a shameless manner, even if the situation did in fact warrant such a reaction.
	"I’m so sorry, I promise, I’ll handle it." Jonas hung his head and closed his eyes, looking utterly defeated. For a split second, Melinda felt a shred of sympathy stir in her heart.
	It may have also been due to the fact that Jonas seemed hell bent on rectifying the problem, which was unexpected given his personality.
	Then, as if programmed to keep her on course, Melinda’s brain reminded her that at the end of the day, the fact remained that Holley was carrying her husband’s child.
	She quickly shrugged off her merciful thoughts, and her walls were back up. This was how it always went in the past; this was why she suffered for the past five years.
	Well, no more. She wouldn’t submit herself to further humiliation and abuse in the hands of this man. Without another word, she took her laptop from the table and walked away from Jonas with her head held high.
	It hit her husband more than she could ever know. He knew that he was in the wrong, and that everything was his fault. He wished his wife sneered at him and shouted and raged. He wasn’t entirely sure what he would do if Melinda had decided to act that way, but he knew that her cold indifference hurt more.
	It was as if she had totally given up on him. It was as if she no longer cared, as if he no longer had any chance with her.
	It was quiet in the mansion that night. Even the servants had a somber air about them as they served their masters and mistresses. The Gu family dined separately, and did not speak to each other.
	Jonas spent the entire time brooding in his room. He would brood in his couch, sometimes pace the length of his study. He was constantly sighing, and would rub his eyes and temples wearily.
	The shrill ringing of his mobile phone broke the heavy silence of his study, and Jonas took a quick glance to see who it might be.
	It was Holley. Jonas smashed the receive call icon on his screen and immediately went off like a loose cannon.
	"Holley, this is your last chance. Take the money and go to the hospital tomorrow to get rid of that child. If you don’t, not only will you never receive a single cent, I will personally make sure your career is over and your entire life ruined."
	"Jonas, I didn’t mean for the rumors to spread. It was an accident, I swear!" The threat in Jonas’s voice was very real, and Holley’s top priority immediately changed into appeasing his wrath. She rambled on with her ridiculous excuses about how someone must have heard her muttering to herself and then tattled to the press.
	"That’s enough," Jonas boomed over the phone, his voice firm and unforgiving. "Get an abortion tomorrow, and tell the press they were mistaken. You know what will happen if you fail to do this, Holley."
	"Yes! Yes, I’ll do that tomorrow, I promise. Don’t worry, Jonas, I’ll—"
	He hung up right then, not even letting Holley finish with her inane prattle. He wasn’t exactly sure if it would do much to remedy the scandal.
	Internet trolls were not unlike leeches, feasting and sucking off on whatever salacious piece of meat got thrown into the web. But he had to do whatever he could.
	At the other end of the line, Holley stared at her phone screen as the call disconnected. She threw the mobile aside and slumped back on her bed.
	"Don’t blame me for this, kid," she murmured as she ran a hand over her belly. "I have no choice; your real father is a pathetic, poor nobody."
	She no longer felt whatever little attachment she had developed in recent days. Her circumstances had taken a major 180-degree turn; she had no room to think about anyone else besides herself at this point.
	Jonas’s threats kept playing over and over in her head. She couldn’t let that happen. It was indeed best for her to grab the money and make full use of it.
	She picked up her phone again and dialed the hospital number Jonas gave when he sent her out of the Gu's mansion and made an appointment. The following day, she donned a coat, a face mask, and large sunglasses, and exited her apartment.
	Holley was horrified to find a bunch of paparazzi littered outside her building, obviously scouting the place for a possible scoop on the scandal. She was about to flee back into her apartment when she was grabbed by the arm and pulled aside.
	She was about to scream when the stranger put a hand over her mask-covered mouth and quickly explained that he was sent by Jonas. He had anticipated this scenario, and sent men to ensure that Holley went through with the abortion without a hitch. Jonas had thought of everything. He was, without a doubt, a frightening man to cross.
	After clearing the matter up, a few other intimidating men came up to them, and escorted Holley to her car. She was carefully hidden from the view of any media present on the scene, and was soon revving her engine and heading to the hospital.
	It was rush hour by the time Holley pulled into traffic, and she was tapping on the steering wheel, waiting for the green light, when her phone vibrated from the passenger seat. An unknown number was calling. She hesitated only for a second before plugging in her earphones and tapping the receive call icon.
	"Holley." It was a woman’s voice, and it sounded young, but with a hint of menace to it. It also sounded familiar, but Holley couldn’t figure out who it was at the top of her head.
	"Who is this?"
	"It’s Emily Bai." On the other side of the line, Emily had her eyes glued to her computer screen as she talked. She was looking at tabloid articles about Jonas’s scandal.
	"Why are you calling me?" Holley asked. This was a surprising turn of events, to say the least. The two women had never spoken to each other.
	They didn’t run in the same circles, after all. Holley was a model, and Emily was a rather well-known actress. They had little business sharing projects, even though they were both in show business.
	But wait. A thought occurred to Holley. They did have something in common: Jonas. She remembered a while back when articles would come out alluding to some sort of romance between Emily and Jonas. Was that why the actress was calling? Were she and Jonas about to do something to Holley because of the scandal?
	"Why are you calling me?" Holley asked nervously just as the traffic light turned green. She stepped on the gas and found a safe curb to pull over. Driving while having this conversation would probably be a bad idea.
	"You don’t have to be so on edge," Emily said, laughing a little at her obvious discomfort. "I’m actually calling to help you. You’re pregnant with Jonas’s child, right? I bet he wants you to have an abortion as soon as possible."
	Holley’s wariness of Emily was growing by the second. It wasn’t just her words, but her tone of voice. It was also the fact that Emily seemed to know a lot more than she had any business to.
	"I will give you a large amount of money," Emily continued, "if you make it look like Melinda made you lose the baby. You are going through the abortion, anyway, aren’t you? We might as well take advantage of the circumstances."
	At the mention of money, Jonas’s earlier threats flew out the window and Holley zeroed in on the proposition before here. To be honest, she also despised Melinda.
	If she had any means to drag that bitch through the mud, then she wouldn’t hesitate at all. The fact that she would also be getting money out of it was an added bonus. "What did you have in mind?"
	"Melinda has an appointment at the central square this afternoon. I will tip off the media so they can be at the scene. I trust you know what to do."
	"You’ve made the necessary arrangements, then?" Holley asked. "I just need to do my thing?" Scheming women could easily read other women’s schemes, after all. When Emily confirmed this, Holley found herself thinking what a bitch the actress truly was.
	When she looked back on how sweet and adorable acted in front of the camera, and compared it to how vicious she was being at the moment, Holley realized that despite her own selfish machinations, Emily was on another level. And that Holley was still rather naive to have been fooled by her good girl act.
	"I’ll transfer the money to your account as soon as the news breaks out. Don’t let me down." They cut the phone call, and Holley turned on her radio to some upbeat music as she drove to the downtown square.
	At that moment, Melinda was just about to leave the mansion. Nelson had assigned bodyguards to her, given the delicacy of the whole affair. To their credit, there weren’t many members of the press who dared to approach the Gu's mansion for a statement on the scandal.
	The conglomerate family had a vast influence over numerous businesses and institutions, and the media had to be careful if they wanted to test that power.
	Melinda was going out to meet a writer friend that day. They had much to discuss regarding their projects.
	In truth, she needed to get her mind of the scandal, and getting out of the house afforded her to get a breath of fresh air, far from the heavy and tense quality that presided over the mansion over the past couple of days.
	Thankfully, her friend didn’t bring up the tabloid news, and instead talked about many interesting things. The brief excursion brought much relief to Melinda.
	Meanwhile, Holley had been wandering the central square for a while now, looking for Melinda. They had no idea where she might go for her appointment, exactly, only that it would be in this damn mall.
	Holley finally spotted her target, but Melinda was already leaving and being escorted into the family car. She quickly jumped into her own car and gave pursuit.
	Emily, on the other hand, was keeping vigilance on the web, anticipating the scandal between Melinda and Holley to break out any moment now. Out of the blue, her phone started pinging, numerous messages coming in consistently one after the other.
	It was the paparazzi people she had tipped off. They were demanding the scoop, saying that they had been on location since noon. It was late in the afternoon now, and still nothing was happening.
	'That useless bitch Holley!' Enraged, Emily quickly pulled out her SIM card that she bought for temporary use and chucked it in the trash to stop the incessant messages. She pulled at her hair and screamed in frustration.
	Melinda was feeling lighter than she ever had since earlier that one week, and she was even humming in her mind as the family car cruised through downtown. Then, something caught her eye. "Stop the car."
	The driver pulled over in front of a quaint pastry shop. Right behind them, Holley also stepped on her brakes. She watched as Melinda got off the car by herself and entered the shop.
	Chen's pastry shop had been there for many years, and was rather popular with the locals. A line to the counter was a constant sight within the shop, and the store owner issued guidelines for desserts to be ordered beforehand in order to manage the influx of customers.
	Since Melinda was a friend to the owner for several years now, she was exempt to such rules. As soon as she stepped foot inside, the owner waved her over to the counter and asked what she wanted to have.
	Melinda got her favorite peach blossom shortbread, which was her go to comfort food whenever she was in a bad mood. After chatting for a bit, Melinda paid for the pastries and turned to leave.
	As she pivoted, someone suddenly slammed into her with a force that flung her back against the counter. The package went flying out of her hands and shortbread was strewn all over the floor.
	Holley was crouched before her, apparently hitting a table after she bumped into Melinda. She had one hand over her stomach, and trails of blood were trickling down her legs to her very high heels.
	Melinda’s eye twitched at the sight. She felt an overwhelming sense of dread.
	"What happened?" Mrs. Chen, the owner's wife, went around the counter to see what just happened. "Oh my, is she bleeding?" She quickly grabbed her phone and called for an ambulance.
	The few customers inside the shop were already gawking, some taking out their phones to film what was happening. Holley was a celebrity, after all, in her own way. And in light of the recent scandal that involved her husband, Melinda was easily recognizable as well. Holley was well aware of it all. This was going better than she had hoped.
	Melinda was in a daze. Her eyes flitted back and forth between the shortbread on the floor and the blood on Holley’s legs. In her mind, snippets of the time when she had her own miscarriage flooded and overlapped each other, blocking all coherent thought.
	"Melinda, how could you?" Holley screeched, hamming it up for everyone who was watching. Her shrill voice broke through Melinda’s trance. "Why did you have to push me? I know you despise me and the baby, but you shouldn’t have! This child is innocent!"
	Melinda was speechless. Vaguely, she could sense that Holley had enacted yet another clever plot, but her brain was scrambled by the memories of her own trauma.
	She couldn’t come up with a plausible explanation for what happened just yet. Despite that, she knew in her heart that Holley had planned this, and she did everything on purpose, even the miscarriage.
	The ambulance arrived soon after, and the wailing Holley was taken to the hospital. Melinda’s bodyguards stormed into the shop and brought her home.
	The moment they arrived, news already broke out that Holley lost the baby. Melinda was still in a state of mild shock; her eyes were unfocused and her movements robotic. No sooner had she stepped inside the foyer than, Yulia was in front of her, screaming and berating her.
	"You vile, heartless woman! That was my brother’s child! How dare you play your evil, dirty tricks and destroy a human life all because of your jealousy! Have you no conscience, you witch?"
	Melinda could hear every word, but she somehow couldn’t break out of her daze. If anything, what Yulia said only made her sink deeper into it. Seeing Melinda’s face grow paler only egged Yulia on, and she relished the opportunity to insult her sister-in-law.
	"Is this because you couldn’t protect your own child when you were carrying it, now you want to mess with other women’s pregnancies as well? You shouldn’t take it out on anyone else. It was your own fault you lost our baby!"
	Melinda opened her mouth to say something. Her throat worked, but nothing came out. She had no voice to speak with, and her vision was assaulted by horrid memories of her miscarriage.
Chapter 75 A Favor
	"Yulia, you should shut up." Jonas glared at her. "I don't want to hear anyone talking about this, especially if it's coming from you."
	Jonas could not possibly believe that Melinda was capable of doing such a thing to his face. He had no plans on keeping the child in the first place. He suspected that the person who was responsible for this was Holley.
	It never crossed his mind, not even once, that Holley would do such a terrible thing when she was caught in a tight situation.
	"She has killed two children but you still defend her!" Yulia growled at her brother. Eyes wide in anger, she then turned to Melinda. "How were you able to trick both my brother and grandfather to protect you no matter what?"
	Yulia stared in surprise at Jonas. She thought he would get furious at Melinda yet it was the complete opposite. In fact, he continued to defend the woman.
	Melinda was at a loss for words as she turned to face Jonas. She did not expect him to believe her. This made her feelings for him even more complicated all of a sudden.
	Just when she thought that she was all alone and that the whole world doubted her, someone suddenly stood by her side and firmly defended her.
	Ever since Melinda realized what it really meant to be in love, she knew a fact that she felt it for this man who was currently standing in front of her. Tears soon welled up from her eyes and started to roll down her cheeks.
	She snuffled and hastily tried to wipe the tears from her face with the back of her hand. Finally deciding to say something since the accident happened, she slowly opened her mouth to speak.
	"I didn't do it. It wasn't me," she sobbed.
	"I believe you," Jonas answered back. His eyes turned soft as he looked at her.
	Suddenly, he hesitantly stretched out his hand to hold her, worried at the same time that Melinda would reject him. He seemed to be thinking twice on what he was about to do but finally mustered up the courage to grab her hand. When Melinda held his hand in return and did not try to break free from his grip, the corners of his mouth lifted up to a small smile as he softly breathed a sigh of relief.
	"I believe you as well," Nelson said. "Mellie is a kind girl. I could not imagine her doing such a thing."
	Eyes filled with pity for Melinda, the old man went downstairs along with Gavin. His demeanor suddenly shifted as he turned to Yulia with piercing cold eyes.
	He was definitely disappointed with his granddaughter's actions.
	"Yulia," he addressed her in an authoritative voice, "I don't mind sending you abroad for a few years so you could learn some proper etiquette."
	Nelson's words seemed to be effective since it apparently made Yulia shut up. She did not utter a single word after. Melinda felt a little guilty as she glanced over to Nelson. She was aware that he had always been eager to have a great-grandchild.
	"What's the matter? Why do you look so sad?" the old man asked.
	As soon as Nelson reached out to her and placed a hand gently on top of her head, Melinda wasn't able to fight the tears that once again fought to come out. She looked back at the old man with watery eyes.
	"Grandpa," she wept.
	Melinda suddenly missed her grandparents. Back home, everything was simple. There were no accusations or heartbreaks to deal with. All her grandparents did was spoil her like a little princess. Even when she arrogantly made some mistakes or got into trouble, her grandfather was always there to clean up the mess for her.
	Then he would use his own method to educate her. Leonard was a soldier. His kindness and integrity had a great deal of influence in Melinda.
	"Don't cry, Grandpa is here," Nelson told her in a soothing voice. "If Leonard sees you like this he'll definitely get angry at me for making his granddaughter sad. I am already old and not as strong as I was, so help me."
	Nelson's words made Melinda homesick but she quickly dried her tears. Her grandfather always told her that it was no use to let others see you cry.
	"Your tears will only cause distress to your family," he always said.
	Seeing Melinda in this state made Jonas feel lost. He stood there helplessly as he watched Nelson trying to comfort her.
	"Come on, let me show you some photos of me and your grandfather back from when we joined the army," Nelson said in an attempt to cheer her up.
	Melinda decided to forget everything that just happened and quietly followed the old man to his study.
	Jonas was instructed by his grandfather to return to the villa. Nelson also temporarily took away all of Yulia's electronic devices, which caused her to throw a fit inside her room.
	While showing the pictures to Melinda, Nelson smiled fondly as he remembered the old times. It was evident that he treasured the memories he had with her grandfather during the days when they were in the army.
	"Grandpa," Melinda said and then suddenly hesitated.
	"You do not need to hold back, say want you want to say," the old man urged. "If someone mistreats you, don't think twice about telling me. I will deal with it."
	Nelson noticed the hesitance in Melinda's voice as a sign of grievance. Melinda's silence made him wish that she could act more of a child who did not hesitate to tell grownups anything.
	"Grandpa, is the only reason why you treat me so well all the time because you and my grandfather are good friends?" Melinda finally asked. "You have many other comrades just like my grandfather and many of them have granddaughters who are much better than me," she continued.
	Nelson was surprised for a moment by Melinda's words as she revealed all of her doubts. After a moment, he started to laugh.
	It was true that he had a lot of comrades in the army, but there was only one person who had devoted his self to him and helped him a lot. The rest of them only wanted to be close to him so that they could gain some benefit.
	"Your grandfather is a person worthy of respect. I owe him my life," he told her.
	Nelson then began to reminisce about the old days with sadness evident in his eyes. The memory of the events during that year was still freshly etched on his mind. Both of them were excellent soldiers, but Leonard was the best at everything he did.
	Ever since they were young, they always competed among one another. Although they had become rivals, they still respected each other. However, when Leonard saved Nelson's life, their relationship changed entirely.
	"There was one time that your grandfather and I were deployed on the same mission. I was suddenly caught in the limelight and was discovered by the enemy that almost took my life. I thought that I was going to die in the field, but your grandfather risked his life to save me. After that, we became very good friends," Nelson said.
	The old man continued, "As time passed, I didn't know anymore who owed who, but what I know is that I owed your grandfather. Not only did he save my life back then, but he also sacrificed his future to let me have the opportunity to be able to study and go to college. I would not have been able to own Soaring Group now if that hadn't happened."
	Melinda silently pondered on the old man's revelation. She did not know about this piece of news and it was the first time she learned about it. Now she finally understood why Nelson treated her so well and wanted to give her a good life.
	For Nelson, everything he had right now was all because of Leonard. If Leonard hadn't risked his life and given up his own future for him, Nelson wouldn't be who he was today.
	"My grandfather didn't tell me anything." Melinda continued to look at the old pictures in realization.
	"How could he have told you? I doubt that your grandmother knew about it either."
	Melinda knew that her grandfather wasn't concerned with fighting for neither power nor victory. Instead, he was a man of principle. If anyone ever dared to hurt his precious granddaughter, he would absolutely show no mercy.
	"Grandma must have known," she said.
	"Not necessarily," Nelson replied.
	Melinda felt that her grandfather loved her grandmother so much that they never kept secrets between them. Nelson, however, thought that with how he knew Leonard, he would have definitely kept it to himself until his last breath.
	The both of them continued to converse with each other with a lot of things. They were so deep in their discussion that they didn't notice someone standing by the door of the study, who heard every single word of their conversation.
	Jonas stood there still hidden, silently pondering to himself with what he just heard. He knew that Leonard was Nelson's comrade, but what he did not know was that the relationship between them went more beyond that.
	He now understood why his grandfather insisted on him marrying Melinda. Whenever he and Melinda got into a fight, Nelson would always take her side and demanded him to take good care of her. He didn't understand why Nelson would have gone far as threatening him with his inheritance but now it all made sense.
	Back then, Jonas believed that Melinda had been tricking his grandfather into taking her side. Now, he realized that Nelson's actions were his own way of repaying his old friend for everything that he had done for him.
	His face was etched with guilt. He had been wrong all this time. Melinda had never deceived anyone. In fact, she was the one who had no idea the whole time.
	Melinda's chat with Nelson left her in a better mood. Finally, Nelson couldn't help but say a few nice things for Jonas.
	Dinner was soon served at the main villa. Melinda gazed at all the food served on the table with eagerness as she picked up one of each dish in front of her. All of them were her favorite. As she started to grab a bite, another pair of chopsticks suddenly reached into her bowl with the shrimps she always loved to eat.
	Melinda looked up to Jonas, a bit confused by the sudden action. She noticed him suddenly feeling embarrassed when he quickly averted his gaze and picked up another shrimp to taste for himself.
	Unbeknown to the two, Nelson saw everything that had transpired. He remained silent as a small smile formed on his face while he enjoyed the scene in front of him.
	Melinda stared at the piece of shrimp that was placed in her bowl. This was the first time that Jonas picked up food for her. She hesitated for a moment, but ended up picking it up anyway. She wasn't aware that she had been unconsciously smiling the whole time as she happily munched on it.
	Since Jonas did not receive any complain from Melinda, he continued to pick up several dishes that he knew she liked to eat and placed it in her bowl. Melinda silently ate all the food given to her until Jonas had placed too much that she couldn't help but helplessly look up at him.
	"I can't see the rice anymore."
	He ended up placing too many dishes in her bowl that it covered up all the rice.
	Jonas quickly grabbed some of the food from her bowl and placed it in his, leaving space for Melinda to be able to eat some rice.
	"Why don't you two go out for a walk together, Jonas?" Nelson suddenly suggested.
	Melinda didn't like to waste food. Since Jonas had added too much food for her today, she had no choice but to eat all of it. Feeling a bit fuller than the usual, she rubbed her belly from time to time.
	Upon hearing his grandfather, Jonas quietly obeyed. He stood up from his seat and grabbed Melinda's hand. She wanted to break out of his hold but she changed her mind as soon as she saw the expectant look on Nelson's face. Excusing herself, she obediently followed Jonas out of the hall.
	While holding each other's hand, Jonas and Melinda strolled around the whole mansion. As Melinda looked all around, she realized that the Gu's mansion was indeed a huge place. There were a lot of small villas in the area and it took quite a while for both of them to go around the whole area.
	There were a lot of people whom Melinda rarely saw. Seeing how Jonas took care of her and held her hand while they passed by gave these people a hint of the current situation
	Now that Jonas had personally protected Melinda and defended her, those who had thought ill of her should change the biased opinions they had of her.
	Melinda did not want the warm feeling she had with Jonas a while ago to end when the two finally returned to their own villa. She found her feet unconsciously having a mind of their own as she slowly felt herself approaching him.
	"Jonas, why are you not blaming me?" she asked.
	Jonas glanced at her, his expression turning soft. "I know that you were not responsible for what happened. Holly was the one who orchestrated all of this to frame you."
	Even though he knew that Holley was narrow-minded, he didn't expect that she would involve Melinda in it.
	"You're acting weird today." Melinda quietly chuckled.
	Jonas acted different from the usual. She stared at him curiously, noticing how his eyes were full of affection as he looked at her. Melinda realized that she liked it and blushed at the thought.
Chapter 76 Wright A Novel About Them
	The change was both pleasant and frightening.
	Jonas's heart skipped a beat when he saw the uncertainty in Melinda's eyes. He didn't realize that he had been cruel to her until now. He was ashamed of himself when he saw Melinda's eyes widen with shock every time he was nice to her.
	Melinda was oblivious to what was going on in Jonas's head. He continued to walk, interlacing his fingers with hers as a mysterious smile tugged at the corners of his lips.
	Melinda went to the bathroom to change. She splashed cold water to her tired face and quickly brushed her teeth. She quickly slipped on a comfortable pair of pajamas and walked out. Her gaze flitted to Jonas. He had unbuttoned his shirt and rolled his sleeves up. His expensive watch was dazzling under the bright lights, emitting a soft glow on his face.
	His eyes were fixed on the laptop. He looked like he was handling an important task.
	His usually cold eyes, seemed to be warm and comforting under the pleasant yellow light. Melinda stopped wiping her hair and continued to gape at Jonas with wide eyes. A drop of water fell on her forehead, waking her from the trance.
	"Why are you here?" Melinda asked, breaking the silence.
	"We are a couple. We should be sleeping in the same room, shouldn't we?"
	Jonas said, without taking his eyes off the computer screen. Although they were in an agreement relationship, Melinda cherished every moment with him. She didn't have the heart to break the comfort zone that they had worked hard to create. Whatever it was that the two of them shared, it was special to her.
	"Have you finished taking a bath?"
	Jonas put his laptop aside, stood up, and stretched. Seeing that Melinda was drying her hair, he took the towel from her hand. Melinda didn't have the time to process what was going on. The golden light was suddenly blocked as Jonas's white shirt and his chiseled muscles came to view.
	She swallowed loudly as a wave of lust washed over her. She bit her lip, resisting her urge to run her fingers across Jonas's sturdy muscles.
	Jonas sat on the bed and held Melinda with one arm and dried her hair with the other. Jonas was unskilled and had no idea how to dry her hair. He even tugged a few strands of hair from the scalp in the process.
	Melinda's hair ended up looking like a crow's nest but she didn't complain. Jonas got better as he slowed down the pace and reduced the friction. But his shirt was soaked in water.
	"I'm going to take a shower. Grab some clothes for me,"
	Jonas said as he walked into the bathroom with a towel. His steps were wobbly and Melinda knew why. A subtle blush formed in her cheeks.
	In the bathroom, Jonas stood under the shower as the jet of water sprayed on his back, gliding against his flesh. He fisted his hair with his hands as he tried hard to control his raging hormones. He wanted to pin Melinda against the bed and have steamy, passionate sex but he didn't want to make things awkward. His heart began to race and his breathing faltered at the thought of Melinda.
	He was in the bathroom for almost an hour. Melinda leaned against the bed as she watched the popular TV series. Her eyelids dilated and she slowly fell asleep with her laptop clumsily resting on her lap.
	"Stop looking at the computer all the time. It's not good for your eyes."
	Jonas smiled, flicking his wet hair with a towel. He was standing, wearing nothing but a towel that effortlessly clung on to his waist.
	Melinda had a feeling that Jonas was trying to seduce her.
	"I'm sleepy," Melinda mumbled and pulled the quilt to her face. Jonas snickered, hovering above her as Melinda felt his weight on her waist.
	Melinda held the quilt tightly and squeezed her eyes shut. Jonas was making her nervous.
	"Is this your new sleeping style? Oh come on, take them off your face, or you'll suffocate to death."
	Melinda's skin broke into goosebumps when she heard Jonas's voice.
	The smell of his shower gel filled her lungs, making her earlobes turn red.
	Melinda remained completely still. Jonas bent forward and pulled the quilt from Melinda's face. He saw that her face had turned red and her hair was splayed across the pillow. He couldn't help but smile at how cute she looked.
	"Jonas, I'm sleepy," she whined.
	Her eyebrows furrowed when she saw him smiling at her. His eyes were gleaming with mischief.
	Jonas wondered why he had been unkind to her for all these years. He decided to heed to her request and make up for the lost times.
	"Okay, go to sleep."
	Jonas wore the T-shirt that Melinda had kept for him and scooted next to her. His hair was still wet, so Melinda stood up and dried his hair with a towel.
	Jonas's hair was thick and coarse. Melinda was exhausted by the time she finished drying his hair. She yawned, put the towel aside, and drifted off to a peaceful sleep.
	Jonas switched off the light. He quickly finished his work and went back to bed with Melinda in his arms.
	Everything seemed new to Jonas. He had never been emotionally intimate with a woman before. He soon became addicted to his new life. When Jonas opened his eyes in the morning, he saw Melinda sleeping against his chest. He waited for her to wake up and went down to have breakfast with her.
	The servant had already prepared breakfast. Melinda followed a skincare regimen, so it took longer for her to get ready. Jonas rested his chin on his palm and watched her get dressed.
	"Jonas, go downstairs and have breakfast. I'll join you later,"
	Melinda said as her cheeks turned red. She was embarrassed to find Jonas gawking at her.
	"I can wait."
	Melinda rolled her eyes and slathered moisturizer. She packed her things and went to have breakfast with him. Jonas was constantly bothering Melinda by asking her to put the tie around his neck and sort things for him.
	Melinda thought that he was teasing her for fun but she was surprised by the change in his behavior. He was kind, understanding, and listened to her without arguing. Everyone in the villa was equally surprised.
	Jonas stayed at home during the weekends. He would finish all the important work that needed immediate action and go to the main villa to spend time with Nelson. Melinda always sat down to write in the morning, so she preferred staying in her room.
	Melinda was impressed by Jonas's behavior. She didn't know if things were happening for real or if she was in a beautiful dream.
	A sudden thought occurred in her mind when she thought about Jonas. She decided to write a novel about her and Jonas.
	Melinda involuntarily opened a new document on her computer. She pursed her lips and stared at the screen. She didn't know if she was doing the right thing but decided to go for it anyway.
	Melinda was in a daze when she decided on the characters. She blinked at her words as the images were looking like a renewed version of her and Jonas.
	She smiled and was surprised by the result. Melinda had always pictured Jonas as the sweet, caring guy. She was glad to find that a kind-hearted guy was hidden beneath the tough-guy mask that Jonas wore all the time. The past few months had made her understand more about him.
	Melinda shared a complicated relationship with Jonas. She had to face a lot of problems and was seldom happy with him. So she decided to write the happy version of her life. She turned her sad marriage tale into a happy story that she always hoped for.
	She drafted the outline and ended the story on a happy note. Melinda's life was far from perfect, and therefore she felt that at least her story deserved a happy ending. In the imaginary world, Melinda didn't suffer. Her life was filled with rainbows and sunshine when she got together with the man of her dreams.
	Melinda modified her draft over and over again until she was satisfied. Her eyes turned red as she began to relive the days that she had tried hard to forget.
	A teardrop fell on the keyboard. Melinda wiped her eyes with her hand. A lump formed in Melinda's throat as she was overwhelmed by the waves of emotions that were simmering in her heart. She saved the document, closed the computer, and ran out of the bedroom.
	Melinda thought that she had made a mistake by writing about her life. The past five years had been a nightmare and she didn't have the strength to think about the worst phase of her life.
	In the following days, Melinda forced herself to endure the pain and continued to write her story. Every word brought vivid memories that formed a string and choked her as she wrote. She numbed herself and wrote a new chapter every day.
	Melinda began her story during the time she was studying in college. She was an innocent, happy girl, and Jonas had no hatred towards her. He had no idea that there was a girl who was hopelessly in love with him.
	When she found that she was going to get married to him, she felt as if the entire universe was making her dream come true. She was so happy and would constantly ask her grandparents if things were happening for real.
	Everything was beautiful in the novel. She had omitted everything about her bitter past and wrote only about the happy moments she shared with Jonas, even though she knew that he was pretending to be nice to her.
	The novel was close to her heart because it was the story of her life—a life she had always dreamt of. Melinda wrote every scene meticulously, crafting it to perfection. She wrote the story faster than she ever had.
	Melinda stared at the screen with a blank face as she couldn't summon the strength to post it online. She saved the document and shut the laptop. She never thought that she would write a story about her one day.
	One day, when Melinda had written 10000 words, she was exhausted and her eyes were burning. She rubbed her eyes and decided to go to the main villa.
	Melinda always wrote for two hours after breakfast, after which, she would go to the main villa to spend time with Nelson. She would sometimes have lunch in the main villa. Otherwise, she would cook something simple and eat in her room.
	Melinda enjoyed solitude and didn't prefer going out every day to have fun.
	Jonas returned home early to take Melinda for a walk and take her out for dinner. But Melinda was not in her room.
	He thought that she would have gone to the main villa to be with Nelson.
	Jonas glanced at the computer. Melinda had put a baby pink cover and Jonas couldn't help but smile at how girly it was.
	Before Jonas knew what he was doing, he had already opened the computer. He stared at the screen that was asking him to enter the password. Jonas thought for a while and entered Melinda's birthday. But it was wrong.
	Jonas knitted his eyebrows and hesitantly typed his birthday. The screen opened as the password was correct.
	Fireworks were exploding in his heart and he couldn't contain the joy.
	The screen unlocked to reveal the document Melinda had saved. It was Melinda's story. Jonas's interest was piqued and he sat down to read the story. He was flattered by Melinda's description of him. She had portrayed him like he was the best guy in the world.
	Jonas was surprised to find the pure, selfless love the heroine had for the hero. He wondered if Melinda loved him the same way.
	That was when it dawned on him. Five years ago, there was a girl who followed him with her gaze.
	Was that girl Melinda? Had she been in love with him since then?
	A hazy image of the past formed in Jonas's mind. He was eager to seize something, but he couldn't. He couldn't recollect the scene Melinda had written.
Chapter 77 Attention And Care
	After lunch, Melinda had desserts and fruits with Nelson as she continued to play chess with him.
	Melinda was bowled over by his enthusiasm. Leonard had taught her to play chess, and therefore, Nelson could decipher the methods and defeat her easily.
	"Grandpa, I accept my defeat. We can play some other game next time."
	Melinda was bad at chess and didn't stand a chance to defeat Nelson. But she was skillful in playing Go.
	She could easily defeat everyone.
	"Okay. You have kept me company all this while. I'm sure you'd be tired. Go to your room and rest."
	Nelson looked at the chessboard and studied all the possible moves to see if Melinda had a way to escape. However, Melinda shuffled the chess pieces and stared at him. "Grandpa, it's time to take a break."
	"You naughty girl! I see what you did there." Nelson chuckled and stood up to leave for his room.
	Melinda picked the chess pieces, packed them neatly, and went back to the villa.
	Jonas was still immersed in the story. He snapped back to his senses when he heard Mary greet Melinda. He felt guilty for peeking into her laptop without her consent, so he quickly pressed the power button, and closed it.
	Melinda opened the door and walked into the bedroom. She frowned when she saw Jonas smiling sheepishly at her.
	"When did you come back?"
	"Just now. Something is wrong with my computer and I was wondering if I could borrow yours. I need to read a document," Jonas said.
	Melinda did not suspect him. He didn't want to tell her that he had been reading her story. He knew that she would be embarrassed.
	"Yeah, hold on for a second. My computer is messy. I'll give it to you after closing the tabs and saving my work."
	Melinda bit her lip and looked away as she thought about the novel. She didn't want Jonas to read it. "It's okay. I'll go back to the company," Jonas said nonchalantly.
	"Okay." Melinda heaved a sigh of relief.
	Although Jonas and Melinda had their own plans, they didn't bother each other because of their tacit understanding.
	Jonas returned to his company in a daze. His mind was filled with thoughts about the novel Melinda had written.
	She had made subtle changes, twisting even the sorrow parts of life into happier ones. Jonas could feel the pain and resentment hidden behind her words. He understood that he had been emotionally abusing her. He was mad at himself for everything he had done in the past.
	He had married Melinda with a heavy heart only because his grandfather had forced him to. He didn't know that Melinda had married him because she was in love with him. She had started her life at the Gu's mansion with a lot of hopes and aspirations but he had ruined everything for her.
	He had been a ruthless husband but Melinda was always kind to him.
	Melinda deserved the best in the world. He should have treated her like a queen but he never cared for her. She had learned to endure all the pain and humiliation.
	He was a villain in the eyes of the readers.
	Jonas was disturbed. He couldn't concentrate on his work because his mind was whirling with the thoughts of Melinda and how his life had changed after meeting her. He had slowly begun to realize his mistakes.
	He wondered if he had gone too far.
	When Jonas returned to the Gu's mansion, he remembered that Melinda was fond of the dessert of Chen's pastry shop. He immediately went there to get something for her. Mr. and Mrs. Chen were surprised to see Jonas. They wondered what he was doing here.
	Jonas was sitting in the shop for a long time staring at a distance. The couple broke into a cold sweat when they remembered that Holley had a miscarriage in the same place a few days ago.
	"Mr. Gu, what would you like to have?"
	"No, thank you," Jonas replied tersely.
	The couple knitted their eyebrows and exchanged quizzical glances.
	"Well, pack one from every variety of cake and pastry,"
	Jonas said.
	"Err... one from every kind?"
	Mrs. Chen's eyes widened with shock. All the cakes and pastries were pre-ordered and she would get into trouble if she gave one from every batch.
	"Is there a problem?"
	"Mr. Gu, are you looking to buy pastries for Mr. Nelson?" she asked.
	"No, it's for my wife."
	Mrs. Chen breathed a sigh of relief and smiled.
	"Mrs. Gu loves peach blossom shortbread. Darling, go and pack some."
	Jonas sat on the chair and waited for the shortbread to arrive. Mrs. Chen also made a cup of flower tea as it would go well with the peach blossom shortbread.
	Melinda was surprised to see Jonas bring shortbread from her favorite pastry shop. Jonas felt guilty to even see her face. He wanted to compensate for hurting her and shower her with everything she wanted.
	Melinda felt that something was wrong. If Jonas caught her looking at something for the second time, he would make sure to get it for her the next day. All clothes and jewelry in trend would come straight to her. If she didn't pick anything, Jonas would arrange his men to deliver all the clothes of her size in varied colors to the villa.
	Two days ago, Melinda told Jonas that she wanted to go for the hot spring and he took her to the resort the very next day. He apologized to her for not creating a hot spring at the Gu's mansion as it was impossible to bring spring water in their location. He also said that he had asked people to find a house where they could fix a hot spring.
	Jonas was treating her like a princess and Melinda was overwhelmed by the attention and care.
	Jonas was the love of her life and she loved him even if he had hurt her in the past.
	She didn't care what others thought of her. She loved him and that was the only thing that mattered. She followed her heart and didn't care about the repercussions.
	The wall that Melinda had built over the years, to protect herself, seemed to crumble down slowly. She wasn't conscious or uncomfortable when he openly displayed his affection for her. She felt like she was a teenager again, hopelessly in love with a man.
	Jonas spared some time to go shopping with Melinda.
	"Let's go to the parking lot." Melinda smiled as she interlaced her fingers with his.
	She was used to being around Jonas and soon became a clingy wife. She was reluctant to leave him and Jonas didn't object. He carried all the bags and stepped into the elevator with Melinda.
	Melinda followed him as she happily ate her ice cream.
	Jonas placed all the bags in the back seat and turned around to look at Melinda. She was happily relishing the ice cream, oblivious to the jam that was smudged on her lips.
	"Mellie, does the ice cream taste good?" Jonas asked, arching an eyebrow.
	"Yes..." Jonas stepped forward and closed his lips against hers, swallowing the rest of her words. Melinda dropped the ice cream and wrapped her arms across his neck, drawing little circles.
	Jonas deepened the kiss as their tongues danced in rhythm.
	He was aroused by Melinda and couldn't control his urges.
	"Mellie, let's go home," he growled lustfully.
	The two of them remained silent on their way home as the air crackled with sexual tension. As soon as they arrived at the villa, Jonas carried Melinda straight to the bedroom. His expert mouth ravaged Melinda's body as they had hot, passionate sex.
	Despite the intense physical activity, Jonas woke up feeling energetic. But Melinda was tired and woke up late with a smile on her face.
	The weather was cold and Melinda wore a high-collared shirt. Jonas couldn't take his eyes off her even if she was covered from top to bottom. Nelson was happy to see them bond with each other and there was a drastic improvement in his health.
	Emily saw that Jonas and Melinda were getting closer with every passing day. She was annoyed that all her plans had failed. It had been a long time since she had received messages from Yulia. Even if she called, Yulia wouldn't talk and immediately hang up the call.
	Emily attended a party a few days ago and found out that Yulia was grounded. Nelson was afraid that she would create problems for Melinda, so he kept her home under constant surveillance.
	Emily knew that Yulia was of no use anymore. Therefore, she decided to take matters in her hand.
	Jonas had stopped talking to Emily as her plans were brought to light. Emily needed to do something drastic to impress Jonas.
	Therefore, she wore a plain white T-shirt and a pair of jeans. She tied her hair into a tight ponytail, applied a mild coat of makeup, and slipped on a pair of white shoes. She was looking like a college student.
	Emily was always extravagant but she decided to go for the innocent look to grab Jonas's attention.
	She checked herself in the mirror and headed for Soaring Group. She went straight to Jonas's office. But he wasn't there. William politely informed her that Jonas was busy.
	"William, is Jonas in a meeting? It's okay. I can wait."
	Emily took off her glasses and plopped on the chair.
	"Miss Bai, the boss is with his wife. If there's anything important, give me the message. I'll pass it to him. But if you want to wait here, I'll ask the assistant to bring you a cup of tea."
	Emily's jaw dropped in shock. She couldn't believe that Jonas ignored his work to spend time with Melinda. She almost crushed her sunglasses as she was seething with rage.
	Plain jealousy was written on her face as she stormed off without saying a word.
	Emily angrily stopped at the corner of a coffee shop. Jonas and Melinda were sitting by the window. They looked like a happy couple in love. Emily's anger hit its peak when she saw that they were wearing similar outfits. The two of them were laughing at something as Jonas gently wiped the corners of Melinda's mouth.
	They were talking about interesting things that happened in the same coffee shop, a couple of years ago when they were in college. They felt that they were destined to be together.
	Jonas was surprised by how he had accidentally encountered Melinda at several places.
	He was oblivious to the fact that they were Melinda's plans.
	Emily walked into the coffee shop and stood in front of the couple, interrupting their conversation. Jonas and Melinda were shocked to see Emily. Melinda glared at her but Emily ignored it and looked at Jonas.
	"Jonas, I went to your company but you weren't there. What are you doing here at office hours?" Emily asked, crossing her arms across her chest.
	Melinda frowned and looked away.
	Jonas was equally annoyed. Emily had barged in, ruining their mood. He knew that Melinda hated her.
	"What's the matter?"
	Jonas snapped.
Chapter 78 Becoming Worse
	"Jonas, I need your help."
	As soon as Emily blurted out those words, Melinda felt a great shock, or perhaps she had some admiration. How could she say that she needed help so confidently as if Jonas would come running to her aid?
	Hearing the soft bossa nova music playing inside the coffee shop, Melinda glanced around and looked out of the window, trying to appease herself. It was rare that she got along well with Jonas, and the tension now ruined that peace. To be honest, she wanted to quarrel with Emily.
	"I don't have time today. We can talk about it tomorrow."
	Lately, Jonas had been trying his best to be friendly to Melinda. Seeing Melinda's expression on her face, he felt that she was not pleased, so he wanted to deal with Emily as soon as possible.
	Emily noticed the sudden change in the attitude of Jonas to her. She stared at Melinda with eyes full of resentment. But she didn't turn her back and walked away. Emily looked at Jonas with grievance and deftly bit her rosy lips.
	"Jonas, I know you hate me now, but it's all because I love you too much. You and I were..."
	Emily wanted to say something but stopped on second thought. She peered through Jonas's eyes. Her expression conveyed that she wished Jonas to know how unfaithful he had been. Melinda had been observing them the entire time. Hearing what Emily said, she could not help raising her eyebrows.
	"Forget it. It's no use saying that I'm sorry. You don't trust me anymore." Emily took a deep breath, pretended to be reasonable, and went straight to the point. "Jonas, I'm no longer a little girl. The company shifted its focus on others recently, and I need your support."
	Emily clenched her fists. When she thought of how the company had treated her, her eyes would fill up with anger. Those in charge would only add insult to injury and would never offer much-needed assistance to others. She would just stay away from them.
	The entertainment circle had been such a cruel place. Emily had worked there for ages, and despite starting in a high position, it still didn't go well these years. After returning to China, she found just the right personality to make use of his reputation like Jonas.
	Sure enough, the company noticed her value and made arrangements for her, but the conditions suddenly changed, and the company considered giving her up.
	"Jonas, I didn't do anything shady except love you. Why are you so unfair to me? Have you forgotten what transpired when we were little? We played house at that time. You said you would marry me.
	Back then, you didn't know how happy and mortified I was at the same time. You were so kind to me. I fretted that I didn't deserve you, so I had been working hard on bettering myself. I thought that one day I would be entitled to stand beside you. Am I too late now?"
	Emily said painfully, hot tears rolling down from her fingers. Her delicate oval face was wet with tears, making people want to take care of her.
	"Jonas, I've always dreamed of being your bride since I was a little girl."
	Tears welled up in Emily's eyes, and she looked at Jonas. Thinking of the events when they were small, Jonas was touched. But they were young and naive then, and those were all empty promises. Jonas remembered that it was Emily who had left first, but it was too late to say anything now.
	"I'm going home first."
	Melinda felt nauseated when she heard Emily began talking about the past from her childhood, especially when it involved the word "bride". She could almost imagine the scene when two little kids said their vows to each other slowly. She was Jonas's legal wife, but now she seemed to be the third person who ruined their bond.
	Sometimes, a writer's imagination could become uncontrollable.
	Melinda's mind was now full of drama revolving around a love triangle.
	"Mellie."
	While clutching her handbag, Melinda stood up from her seat. Jonas immediately reached out for her arm, but Melinda darkened her face and flung his hand away, a bright smile flashing across her lips.
	"I won't disturb you two."
	While saying that, Melinda secretly resolved that she wouldn't forgive Jonas easily if he dared to reminisce about the old days with Emily.
	Seeing the unnatural expression on Melinda's face, Jonas knew that something disastrous was bound to happen. Just when he was about to catch up to her, Emily suddenly appeared in front of him and said in an aggrieved voice, "Jonas."
	Emily blocked Jonas's way. Melinda, who was already on her feet, had already walked to the coffee shop door. She paused her steps for a second, but she didn't catch Jonas following behind her. She left the establishment with a sullen face.
	"Get out of the way."
	Jonas was a little apprehensive, but he couldn't be so harsh to Emily. The feelings he had when he was a kid still made him uncertain. Seeing that Melinda was going farther and farther away from him, he panicked.
	"Jonas, aren't you going to help me? Seriously?"
	Emily still struggled to endure her last strife. She didn't want to accept the fact that Jonas was insensitive to her and that he worried more for Melinda.
	After going out of the coffee shop, Melinda hailed a taxi. When she spun around, she saw Jonas and Emily still fumbling with each other. With a taunting smile, she got on the car and slammed the door shut.
	The sudden loud bang startled the driver. Turning around, he discovered that it was a sophisticated young woman. 'Never judge a person by her looks,' he thought to himself. Then he picked up the address from Melinda and was too overwhelmed to say more.
	He didn't dare aggravate the people from that neighborhood.
	"Emily, move aside. Don't make me repeat my words."
	Jonas stared intently at the taxi, memorized that number of its license plate, and ordered William to find out where the taxi went after picking Emily up. After hearing that it headed straight to the Gu's mansion, Jonas was secretly relieved.
	He hadn't driven fast for a long time, but to reach Melinda soon and provide an explanation, he stepped on the gas and sped away. Finally, Jonas arrived at the same time as Melinda at the mansion.
	"Mellie."
	Jonas pulled over at the gate. He promptly jumped off the car. Right after Melinda paid for the fare, she turned around and met Jonas's tense expression. Her heart flipped, but when she recalled the coffee shop incident, her aversion quickly flared up.
	"Mr. Gu, are you done with your pure angel so soon?"
	"Mellie, let me clarify it to you. Things aren't like what you have envisioned. It was Emily who badgered me, and I didn't commit anything to her."
	"Don't say that, Mr. Gu. I can't put up with this atrocity. I, Mrs. Gu, am so jealous that I don't want to catch you messing around with an old friend from your early life. Such news is exciting, right?"
	Melinda's words were brutal and sarcastic. Neither of them was amused. Jonas could not utter a single word further in front of her.
	Thanks to his unfavorable situation earlier, but this time Melinda overpowered him.
	"I didn't mean it like that, Mellie. It's all in the past. Now it's over, and I've promised Grandpa that I will be nice to you. I..."
	"You don't have to drag yourself like this. If you're scared of Grandpa, so you're trying to avoid Emily, I will help you with that."
	Hearing this, Melinda became mad. She always knew that this relationship was made possible based on his grandfather's obsession. It was her wishful thinking. Jonas had never wanted her.
	Hearing this, Jonas regretted saying something reprehensible.
	"Mellie, that was just a practical joke. You are my wife now."
	"Mr. Gu, it seems that you're overlooking the fact that we have divorced once. Our remarriage is again, part of our agreement."
	A tinge of coldness appeared in the eyes of Melinda. At the moment, she was not in the mood to listen to the explanation of Jonas. In her mind, she thought of different matters related to him and Emily's playing in childhood, all the insults Jonas had said in the past, and his love for Emily.
	Melinda was suddenly wide awake.
	Everything that went on these days was all just a dream. Sooner or later, Melinda should wake up.
	Feeling powerless, Jonas looked at Melinda. No matter what he professed, he would be misinterpreted by her. The more Jonas pointed issues out, the worse he turned out to be. In the end, he simply didn't want to defend his actions anymore.
	They walked into the mansion one after the other. Everyone felt the friction in the atmosphere between them. Compared with the previous days, the air in the villa was dubious again.
	Gavin looked at them, completely baffled. He dared not to ask whether they had eaten dinner. He sighed in his heart. 'Everything was fine when they went out. Why are they acting like strangers after coming back?'
	Following her return to the villa, Melinda went straight to the bedroom. She had released the story about her and Jonas several days ago. Thinking of this, she felt so ashamed.
	'How could a scum like him deserve my praise?!'
	The more Melinda brood over it, the bitterer she got. So, she soon took action. She had wrapped up the character's backstory and started to make some revisions. She deleted all the narratives about Jonas.
	It seemed that this was one way for her to remove Jonas's place in her heart.
	The childish act didn't work off her anger. Melinda began to mope. Jonas stayed outside her bedroom the entire time and didn't dare to disturb her. They kept mum until eight o'clock in the evening, which was when Melinda amended the chapter routinely every day.
	But today, there were no new chapters. There was only an announcement that Melinda modified the sections that she had updated before. Jonas clicked in and found that she had deleted many of his previous descriptions.
	Her gesture irked Jonas, but he didn't know what to do. He had done everything, but nothing seemed to work. What was more, what Melinda did drove him to misery.
	He could not bear such a feeling. After pausing at the door for a long time, he finally took the car key and left the mansion.
	Jonas had a habit when he was in a bad mood, and he liked drinking. He drove the car to the bar, where he usually hang out when he was still studying. But he no longer frequented the place after graduation.
	Jonas had spoken of his adventures in college with Melinda recently, so he missed the pub. He came here unconsciously.
	The boss was still the same young man who operated the bar years ago, but he had become much more grown after so many years. Jonas ordered a few drinks and drank alone.
	Most of the drinks in the bar had a touch of green tea. There was tea in his cocktail, so the alcohol degree wasn't too high. It didn't matter even if the degree was high since he was a good drinker.
	"Jonas?"
	A hesitant voice rang. Jonas lifted his head and saw a man in a black suit peeking at him in wonder. The man smiled as Jonas looked up.
	"It's indeed you. I thought I got the wrong person,"
	the man said with a grin. After all, it was unlikely for a man like Jonas to show up in this place.
	"Hey, you. Long time no see."
	Jonas revealed that this man was his good friend in college.
Chapter 79 Joking
	"Why are you drinking here?"
	The man noted that there were many empty glasses in front of Jonas, and the bartender was still making more drinks for him. The level of alcohol content in the glass was higher than what was normally expected in such a small glass.
	"Because this is where I stopped the car."
	Jonas drank up all the wine that was remaining in the glass. It was a little strong and it burned his throat but he immediately felt happy after ingesting it.
	"I have made a reservation. Let's move to the VIP section."
	The man sensed that there was something bothering Jonas, when he noticed how disheveled he looked. A strong pungent alcoholic smell emanated from his body, an indication that he had been drinking for a while. This was always the case when they were in college, Jonas would always silently drink away his problems, and they would always go to this pub until whatever was bothering him had been sorted. Now it felt as if they were back to their college days.
	Jonas didn't refuse. He was upset and in a state, so he needed someone to listen to him and bounce off his problems. His friend had come at the perfect time, just like when they were in the college.
	They both took their seats and before they could even settle down, they had attracted attentions like nectar to bees. Jonas had always attracted attention wherever he went, especially from the opposite sex. He had a fine and perfectly symmetrical bone structure which made him look manly. He looked more striking and approachable due to the slight alcohol induced flush that made his cheeks appear rosy. People from the nearby tables were throwing looks at them, most of whom were college students out for a thrill.
	"I see, you haven't lost your charm. You are still as popular as before," the man said jokingly with a smile.
	Then he poured a glass of wine for each of them, and gave a pair of dice to Jonas. The two silently begun playing just to kill time.
	Generally the man wouldn't be a match for Jonas, but today, Jonas was on the losing end.
	"Are you intentionally letting me win?"
	The man saw that Jonas was drinking the wine like water and deliberately making himself drunk, so he stopped playing the dice for a while and looked at Jonas seriously.
	As he looked at the so many faces of people in pub, the only face that kept haunting Jonas's mind was Melinda's angry face, his brows furrowed fiercely trying to get that image out of his head.
	"Why is this woman so troublesome today? I..."
	By that time, Jonas was drunk beyond his normal limit so his tongue was loose. Looking at his old friend, he could not help but speak out all he had been hiding in his heart.
	It was interesting that every time he talked about Melinda, he wore a smile on his face. On the contrary, when he talked about Emily, it was with obvious disgust and indifference.
	"Jonas, it seems that in all these years, your emotional intelligence has still never developed," his friend said helplessly.
	Although Jonas had excelled academically, in different fields and had obviously done well for himself in the business world, his emotional intelligence was still very low.
	Actually, when it came to how to handle other issued, Jonas was good and quite intuitive, but when it came to relationships, he was not sharp enough.
	In many cases, he was not able to distinguish his feeling towards others and understand whether he loved them or not.
	"Maybe you are right."
	Jonas was still a little frustrated at the thought of Melinda and didn't know how to deal with it, so he did not object to his friend's evaluation.
	"I really don't know what to do now. I have explained everything to her, and said all the right things but she always seems to misunderstand me. How can she be so unreasonable?"
	Melinda was being very unreasonable, but he had no choice but to keep her company silently. So in the end, he had felt uncomfortable and went out to drink alone.
	If it had been in the past, Jonas would never have thought that at one point he would be so vexed because of Melinda.
	"Well, it's not that hard to deal with this matter. Perhaps it is just that you haven't realized that the balance in your relationship has been tipped towards your wife and may be you have finally fallen in love with her."
	"Fall In love with her?!"
	Jonas thought he must be daydreaming, but his voice became lower and lower as time went by. He even began to question himself and wonder if he had really fallen in love with Melinda.
	"Yes. When you care about a person, you pay attention to that person, and even give up a lot for her, you must be falling in love with this person."
	Jonas had all these feelings for Melinda, but he always explained it as a compromise for his grandfather. He always made a lot of excuses for his behavior, but he forgot that the answer could be as simple as the fact that he had fallen in love.
	"What about Emily, what do you think?"
	Jonas looked at his friend, anxiety reflected in his bright, slightly watery eyes as if he was eager to know something important. He always looked up to his friend for solid advice, and his friend did not disappoint him. "You treat her well maybe just because of a promise you made to her from childhood, which you regard more as a form of responsibility, so you probably misled yourself that you love her," his friend quickly explained.
	Jonas had been so confused that he felt like he was constantly riding a roller coaster and his feelings were always being pulled in all directions. However after listening to his friend's analysis, he was suddenly enlightened. Many things that he could not understand before now made a lot of sense.
	They had been drinking a lot, but Jonas was no longer melancholic, he seemed more jovial.
	Jonas was feeling drunk, so he ate some fruits and proposed that they left. Now he was eager to go back and see Melinda and tell her about his new discovery.
	The two separated at the entrance of the pub, and Jonas who was very drunk was driving at a fast speed and swerving unsteadily on the road, basically being a menace to other drivers. He was finally stopped at the crossroad.
	The police, who had been tailing him for a while, took him in and once it was confirmed that he was driving while intoxicated. He was booked in by the traffic police for driving above the speed limit and driving under the influence of alcohol.
	Jonas was not sober so he didn't seem to realize the severity of the situation. He arrived at the police station with the police in a daze and only seemed to comprehend what had happened when they read him his rights.
	The policemen took in his details and after cross checking his details, they found out Jonas's real identity. They were a bit overwhelmed, because this was the heir of the Gu family and things could get very complicated if they didn't handle the case well.
	Now that they had taken him in, they couldn't just send him out and pretend as if nothing had happened, especially since he was obviously drunk.
	"Mr. Gu, please contact your family to bail you out," the policeman on duty said helplessly.
	Jonas rubbed his forehead, thinking of who to call, then took out his mobile phone and gave him Melinda's number. In the past, this kind of thing would have been handled by William.
	The policemen quickly dialed Melinda's number, but failed it to get through. They tried a second time, and finally it went through on the third attempt.
	"Are you Mrs. Gu? Your husband is in the police station put in for drunk driving. Please come and bail him out."
	At first, Melinda was angry that Jonas had just disappeared on her, without letting her know where he was. Then, she was totally shocked when she got a call from the police and heard the drunk driving accusation.
	"Is he okay?"
	"Yes, you only need to bail him out," the policeman replied hesitantly.
	They dared not to keep this big man for longer than necessary. Melinda was relieved. She was still wearing the suit which she had worn to the coffee shop, and when she got home, she had no time to change her clothes because she was still very angry.
	It was rare for Melinda to drive a car, but she was very worried and distraught for Jonas's safety, so she chose to drive by herself. When Nelson saw her through the window going out in a hurry, he asked Gavin what the issue was. Gavin tracked her car and realized that she was headed towards the police station. After a short call to the police station, he was up to speed on what had happened.
	"Gavin, you'd better send some people to protect Mellie. She is worried about Jonas now," Nelson ordered.
	Seeing that Melinda was still worried about Jonas, Nelson knew that she still cared about Jonas, but he didn't know how they were going to handle their differences this time around.
	In the police station, Jonas was exhausted, so he sat in his seat and closed his eyes trying to rest a little bit. His messy hair which needed a haircut fell on his forehead making him look younger.
	The smell of cigarettes and alcohol emitted from him made the policemen feel nauseous. They didn't say anything about it because they could not afford to offend him. They were even courteous enough to give him some water.
	Jonas sipped some of the hot water which seemed to soothe his burning throat although he still had a headache.
	When Melinda arrived at the police station, she saw a different scene from what she had expected. Jonas had thrown his head back on the seat, his eyes closed, relaxing. Thinking of how worried and flustered she had been, that she hadn't even had time to look at her appearance, she could feel her anger rising by the minute.
	"Jonas!"
	Melinda shouted at Jonas. She had always been a gentle woman, and she seldom acted so irritable, but this was too much for her. Hearing her voice, Jonas straightened up and gave her a silly smile.
	The policemen didn't want to witness the embarrassing scene, so they looked away silently.
	"My wife... you are here," stuttered Jonas
	With a big grin on Jonas's face, he looked at Melinda, stood up and then staggered to her. Melinda was shocked by the words "my wife".
	Her eyes wide open, she stared at Jonas and shook her head wondering if maybe she misheard him.
	"Honey, I'm sorry. It's all my fault. Don't be mad at me, okay?"
	Jonas walked up to Melinda and hugged her. He placed his head next to her neck. The smell of cigarettes mixed with alcohol almost choked her, making her go into a coughing fit.
	Jonas raised his head, and looked at Melinda in panic. He didn't want her to feel sick, and he didn't want to let go, either. He was caught in a dilemma.
	"Jonas, I'm Melinda, not Emily!"
	Melinda roared, ashamed and indignant. She figured that Jonas must have mistaken her for Emily. All of a sudden, her tough stance weakened like a withering flower and tears came down her cheeks in torrents. Jonas felt something wet and then noticed that Melinda was crying.
	"Mellie, what's wrong with you? Who has bullied you? Did anyone hurt you? I'll help you beat them up."
	Jonas pointed at the policemen, which made them shiver all over in fear. They looked at the two in horror. Hearing what Jonas called her, Melinda was in a daze.
	"Do you know who I am?"
	"Mellie, you are so stupid. Of course I know who you are. I know it was my fault. Please forgive me. I will treat you well from now on.
	Mellie, I think I have fallen in love with you."
	Although Jonas was drunk, his eyes were very serious, looking directly into her eyes. Then he leaned over and Melinda felt the softness of his lips on her own. Realizing what had happened, she hurriedly pushed Jonas away in embarrassment.
	"Jonas, what's wrong with you?"
	Then she turned to the policemen. "Didn't you ask me to bail him out? Now I'm here but there is no one to handle the bailing process."
	Melinda had to admit that she was tempted and felt very flattered by all the attention that Jonas was showing her, but thinking of all the things that Jonas had done, she did not want to forgive him at all. So she turned all her anger at the policemen.
	The innocent policemen quickly took her to go through the formalities. Jonas followed her every move, never too far from her. His constant gaze and close proximity made her uncomfortable and she felt as if her whole body was on heat.
	Although she had pushed Jonas away, she had forgiven him in her heart. But Jonas didn't know that, so he was already making plans on how to coax his wife.
	After going through the formalities, Melinda left the police station with Jonas, who leaned against her pretending that he couldn't walk by himself.
	He was like an attention seeking cat, which made Melinda annoyed and helpless.
	When they arrived at the Gu's mansion, Nelson had been waiting for them in the hall. Seeing that Jonas was so drunk, he read his riot act for a while and then allowed him to go and sleep and come back when he was sober.
	It was obvious that Nelson wanted to have a talk with Jonas. With the help of the servant, Melinda took Jonas back to their villa.
	Melinda had mixed feelings. She was worried that these things were just probably jokes or bubbling from an alcoholic.
Chapter 80 None Of It Was A Joke
	Jonas wasn’t too drunk to completely pass out. All he took was a short nap. Then he went to take a shower so he could be himself again.
	His mind kept coming back to his impromptu love confession back at the police station, and he couldn’t help but laugh at his own awkwardness. Before his grandfather could send for him, Jonas sauntered into the older man’s study.
	"You idiot grandson!" His grandfather held nothing back, and showed just how upset he was. "How much stupider are you willing to become, just to cater to the whims of that girl, Emily?"
	Nonetheless, Nelson found consolation in his grandson’s apparent obedience and his submission to a good scolding. He even took it upon himself to come here on his own, and was now sitting quietly as he listened to his grandfather’s tirade.
	Nelson’s anger eased, and his tone softened a little. This was his darling grandson, after all, no matter what an idiot he may be. He’d watched him grow up into a man; he didn’t have the heart to be truly cruel to him.
	"Grandpa," Jonas said when Nelson was finally done. "I’ve already explained to Melinda. It was all just a misunderstanding."
	"A misunderstanding you say?" Nelson was a little doubtful, not about the whole fiasco being a mistake, but more about Jonas claiming to have bothered to explain himself to anyone.
	"Yes," Jonas said earnestly. "I talked to Melinda and laid it out properly, but I don’t think she believed me. She was being rather cross and would cut me off several times while I talked."
	"Ha! Serves you right." In spite of his words, Nelson was beaming at his grandson. It may not be too obvious to either youngster, but their relationship had vastly improved with this development. If it were up to him, he would have preferred that Melinda torture her idiot husband even further.
	Jonas scratched his chin. He was slightly annoyed as he recalled what happened hours ago, but one thought stood out: his wife had come running the moment she heard something had happened to him. He was pleased with this.
	"To think that she would brush off my confession just like that." He was murmuring to himself, but Nelson was quick to catch his words.
	"What did you just say?" he blurted out, leaning forward on his huge desk in his excitement. "You confessed to Melinda? A love confession?"
	He had always hoped for this, after all. Deep down he had his suspicions that Jonas might have been growing fonder of Melinda, but then something would always happen that alluded to opposite being true.
	Although he remained hopeful, Nelson had grown wary of the possibilities, and had resolved not too expect too much too soon. Even now he had his doubts.
	Jonas had a vague idea of what was going on in his grandfather’s mind. He gave the older man a gentle smile. "Listen, Grandpa. I’m in love with Melinda. I will work hard from now on to be the man she deserves."
	He had a solemn air about him as he spoke. He swallowed several times after that, as if it took a great deal out of him to say those words out loud.
	Nelson realized that his grandson was telling the truth, and he promptly teared up. He had waited so long for this day to come. "Oh, finally! You finally figured it out."
	Jonas never thought his grandfather to be one for theatrics, but he now he was seeing the old man raise both hands and look to the ceiling as he exclaimed his joy. His mood lightened at that.
	But then the old man’s face suddenly grew stern, and his tone became firm. "Now cut off all your ties with that Emily girl and make sure to beg for your wife’s forgiveness! You have to attend to Melinda hand and foot, do you understand?"
	He was all too aware of what a thorn Emily was to his grandson’s marriage. Whether they were romantically involved or not, he knew that Emily would keep at her efforts to destroy what Jonas and Melinda had.
	He refused to overlook everything that evil girl had done in the past. He would stand his ground on this matter; it would be in the best interest of the young couple to nip it in the bud and get rid of Emily.
	Jonas had to laugh at his grandfather’s earnest outburst. "Don’t worry Grandpa, I know what to do. I already have it all planned out." And he meant it.
	He had also come to realize the extent with which he failed his wife and their marriage, all because of Emily’s whims. He would never make the same mistakes in the future. Melinda deserved a devoted husband who put her above all else, and Jonas was determined to become that man.
	Grandfather and grandson had a long talk after that, both men expressing their thoughts and their shared fondness of Melinda. They managed to unravel and smooth out several years’ worth of misunderstandings and ill feelings.
	Nelson was smiling the entire time. They only ended their heartfelt conversation when Gavin knocked on the study to tell them it was time for dinner.
	Melinda did not join them. According to the servants, the young madam excused herself saying she was uncomfortable to dine in the main villa, and had dinner brought to her room instead.
	Jonas was understandably worried about this. He breezed through his meal and hurried over to his wife’s villa. He headed straight to her bedroom and found her fast asleep.
	"Mellie." He sat at her bedside and took her hand, pressing it against his lips. "You must never let me go after this. Not now, when I’ve finally come to my senses."
	He had always been confident in himself, but he always found himself at a loss when it came to his wife. He already had his work cut out for him, so he was fervently hoping that he could get Melinda to see his sincerity before it was too late.
	Knowing that she was in a bad mood, he let her sleep. Although he did stay for a few more minutes just sitting there, holding her hand, sometimes stroking her hair. He eventually left for the guest bedroom.
	He shouldn’t have expected to get a good night’s sleep after all that happened, but his restlessness bordered on the unreasonable. To him, at least.
	He kept thinking about the rare times that he and Melinda enjoyed each other’s company, talking amicably, even laughing together, or just sitting in companionable silence. Every now and then the unpleasant memories would intrude, but the happy ones always stood out, more vividly than the rest.
	His thoughts inadvertently went to Emily. He must do something about that woman immediately. He looked back on the friendship they had over the years, and his head began to ache.
	He couldn’t renege on his resolve to make Melinda his top priority, but he couldn’t bring himself to be so cruel to Emily, given their background. He tossed and turned and brooded as he lay in bed. It wasn’t until dawn that he finally fell asleep, his mind exhausted.
	In his dream, his wife had finally left him, saying she was too tired of their marriage. She kept telling him to go to Emily instead.
	In the dream, he begged Melinda, saying that he could only be happy with her and no one else. Melinda would push him away every time, and tell him that Emily could undoubtedly make him happier, since he always came to his childhood friend anyway.
	Jonas woke with a start, his face beaded with cold sweat. The dream was all but a hazy memory in the light of day, but the alarm and urgency pumping in his veins were very real. He made a decision right there and then. He couldn’t bear to lose Melinda, no matter the cost.
	He was going to help Emily, but this would be the last time. He’d even allow some excess with the favor she was asking, but that would be the end of it. After that he would make a clean, absolute cut.
	When he came down for breakfast, he found Melinda already seated and silently eating some porridge. She cast him a brief glance as he pulled out a chair, saying nothing. A sense of guilt assaulted him but he pushed it down. It was time to act with full intent. He pulled his chair right next to hers and sat on it, purposely brushing his legs against hers in the process.
	"You should have waited for me." He brought his face closer to hers as he whispered, and was rewarded by the sight of her dainty little ears reddening.
	"I was hungry." Her reply was calm and curt, but deep down her nerves were a wreck, and she struggled to appear nonchalant.
	His proximity and the scent of his cologne brought up memories of the night at the police station, his sudden confession, and that brief peck on the lips. She took another spoonful of porridge, and had to swallow a few times before it went down her throat.
	Her cool facade didn’t fool Jonas, however. Well, even if he believed her to be unaffected, he would never shrink back and run away; he would tear her walls down brick by brick.
	He motioned for their servant and asked to prepare the same breakfast, and cheerfully ate beside his wife. He was quick with it, and they ended up finishing the meal at the same time.
	She tapped her lips with her napkin, and Jonas grabbed the opportunity before she could rise and flee to her room. "Mellie, everything I said last night—none of it was a joke. I’ll prove it to you later, and in the coming days, or weeks or years, whatever it takes. I’ll cut all ties with Emily."
	At that she turned her head to look at him, obviously astounded at his words. He just smiled, and reached out with his napkin to wipe a spot in the corner of her mouth that she’d missed. "All you have to do is trust me, please."
	She could only stare him. His intimate gesture, coupled with his low, seductive whisper, rendered her speechless. She could feel her cheeks start to heat up. Jonas watched in fascination as he made his wife blush. Ever since he became conscious of her, and aware of his own feelings, it seemed like he was discovering something new about Melinda every day.
	He rather enjoyed the rosy bloom on her cheeks. He decided he wanted to see it more often. Unfortunately he had to leave for work, and told Melinda as much. He could tell she was relieved to be rid of him as she hurried back to her room. Nevertheless, he was certain it wasn’t due to any negative feelings, and he left the mansion with a spring in his step.
	The moment he was back in his office, Jonas immediately saw to the issue with Emily. He called for William and gave his instructions for the necessary arrangements, which included pouring funds amounting to five million dollars into her company. That company only served to increase her popularity anyway, and not much else.
	Soon news spread through the vine, and people from the entertainment industry, who wanted the chance to cozy up to a conglomerate heir, started to invest on Emily as a celebrity, offering her various projects.
	This pleased her immensely, of course. In a matter of a few hours, countless projects had landed on her lap. Despite this, she was rather disappointed when she realized she couldn’t continue her habit of frequently visiting Soaring Group uninvited.
	Still, she wasn’t worried. Instead, she relished in the assumption that Jonas had chosen her over his own wife. Little did she know that this sudden and magnanimous outpouring of favor was a prelude to the severance of their relationship.
	Jonas had a business dinner that night, and the minute he was home, he headed for the shower. He knew Melinda hated the smell of alcohol and tobacco, and he had every intention to spend the night with her.
	It was a little past eight in the evening when he was done cleaning up, and he knew Melinda would probably be watching television or reading magazines at this hour. He made a beeline for her bedroom, and opened the door after a couple of knocks.
	His wife wasn’t in her room. He stood in the doorway, trying to decipher the complicated mix of emotions he was feeling. Mostly, he was baffled.
	This was quite unexpected. He hurriedly went down and asked the servants where the young madam was. He was told his grandfather took her out for a visit to an old friend; Jonas surmised they had dinner outside as well.
	Well, it wasn’t such a big deal. He would simply wait up for his wife. His good mood restored, Jonas walked to his own study to get some work done after making sure the servants would notify him when Melinda came back.
	The minutes ticked by, and when Jonas finally looked up from his desk, it was well past nine o’clock. His wife still wasn’t home. Miffed, he gave his grandfather a call.
	Nelson actually did it all on purpose—planning a visit and dragging Melinda along. He wasn’t exempt to the grapevine of his own company, and news of what Jonas did today for Emily also reached him. He felt he earned the right to be pissed at his grandson, what with this apparent turnabout from everything he said just last night!
	When he answered his phone to an agitated Jonas, demanding for him to come home with Melinda—immediately, Nelson felt a vindictive gratification. Nope, they weren’t coming home anytime soon, he was regretful to say.
	He kept going on and on about how they were having a grand time, taking pleasure at his grandson’s annoyance. Melinda sat across him with a little smile throughout the phone call. They were having a grand time, indeed—at Jonas’s expense.
	She finally cut him off by pointing out that he was still in recuperation, and that he shouldn’t be staying up so late in his condition. Nelson finally relented, and they were back in the mansion grounds before the clock struck ten.
	Jonas was waiting for them in the foyer, leaning on the mantelpiece with his arms crossed. He had a dark expression over his face, and a pregnant silence hung about him; a silence which, ironically, seemed to be inviting attention.
	It somewhat succeeded, since Melinda and Nelson were immediately giggling to themselves as soon as they saw him. His brooding intensified.
	He strode over to them and took hold of his wife’s arm. "You must be very tired after such a long excursion, and so late at night." There was an edge to his voice, and his greeting initially sounded sarcastic. It immediately gave way to a softer tone as his fingers ran down her arm to take her hand. "Are you hungry? I brought some cakes from Chen's pastry shop."
	Nelson was grinning quietly as he watched the interaction between the young couple. Stupid boy, not even greeting his own grandfather. But if he was to be ignored for Melinda’s sake, then he would gladly oblige. The woman in question, however, only stood there and stared at her husband, obviously at a loss with what was happening.
	Nelson cleared his throat before things got more awkward between husband and wife. "So I heard you’ve been busy today." He raised a brow at his grandson. "Something to do with that Emily girl again. Perhaps you’ve already forgotten everything you said, your professions of love and whatnot, you idiot grandson!"
	This time it was Melinda who cleared her throat, and Jonas flashed her a smile before answering the older man. "This will be the last time, Grandpa. Something like a bribe, if you will, I swear. I will be cutting off all ties to her the next time we talk."
	Then, without missing a beat, he took out his phone from his robe pocket and showed them as he blocked all of Emily’s contact information and then also deleted them. Then he turned to his wife with an earnest expression, expecting...praise, maybe? He wasn’t sure.
	Melinda only continued to stare at him blankly. ‘What is he up to?’ She had a fairly good idea just what he was trying to do, of course, but she had long conditioned herself not to expect too much when it came to this man.
	Nevertheless, she couldn’t deny the tiny bit of satisfaction she felt at his childish display. Jonas squeezed her hand, and she couldn’t help taunting him. "For all we know, you might already have all her contact details memorized."
	The look on his face was priceless. "Do you... do you want custody of my phone then?" He held the mobile device up in offering, and Nelson laughed. Melinda struggled to keep her face straight, and only shook her head.
	Even so, her expression mellowed, and she never once pulled her hand back from his grasp. He escorted her to her room in silence, still holding hands, and they exchanged pleasant good nights.
	Jonas felt like he may finally be doing the right things where his wife was concerned. He was already looking forward to have a happy future with his wife.
	Emily had been enjoying her new status as a much sought after actress. Contracts had been coming in for the past couple of days, and everyone seemed all too willing to adjust to her demands.
	She would always dial Jonas's number whenever she was on a break, but she never could get through. At first she thought he might be busy as well, but it had been two days now, and she didn’t get even a single return call.
	Suspecting something was wrong, she borrowed her assistant’s phone and dialed his number. She discovered that while no one answered, the call was diverted to voice mail. It could only mean one thing: Jonas had blocked Emily on his phone.
	Unwilling to accept this, she gave a call directly to his office, and told his secretary she wanted to invite him out to dinner to thank him for the recent favor. She didn’t hint that she was aware of the number blocking.
	Jonas told his secretary to set up the appointment with Miss Bai, and then hurriedly dialed his wife’s number. He told her everything, and asked her to come with him to his appointment with Emily.
	"Why would I go there? It’s your date; it would be in extremely poor taste if I went, don’t you think?"
	"Melinda, you don’t understand. This is the opportunity I was waiting for, to effectively cut her off from my—from our lives." There was a pause on her end, and Jonas could tell her brain was analyzing the situation warily.
	"Listen, you don’t have to sit at the same table if you don’t want to. You could just sit at another one nearby, where you have a perfect view of us and you could hear everything we say."
	Another pause. Jonas prayed that his sincerity would get through to Melinda. And then he heard his wife say, "All right."
	He heaved a shameless sigh of relief. "Perfect! Oh, and wear something nice. I’m taking you to dinner afterwards."
	And so it was that the young master and the young madam of the Gu family entered, hand in hand, one of the luxury restaurants in the city to meet up with Miss Emily Bai.
Chapter 81 A New Honeymoon
	It was a quiet restaurant in a relatively remote location, so it was private which was what Emily was looking for since she had become quite popular of late.
	If it weren't for the demands of the team that she was working with, she would have liked to advertise how she and Jonas were doing so well together.
	Since Jonas was a member of the restaurant, he had arranged for a private room in advance for Melinda and even gone a step further and ordered many of the dishes that she liked.
	Both Melinda and Jonas arrived at the restaurant early, but they had not expected that Emily would have arrived earlier than both of them. As soon as Jonas entered the restaurant, he was guided to the room where Emily was occupying.
	"Go ahead, I'll wait for you in our room."
	Melinda smiled at Jonas and then asked a waiter to lead her to the room that Jonas had booked. Coincidentally, their rooms were next to each other.
	It was not until Jonas saw Melinda get into the room that he pushed open the door of the next room. As soon as Jonas walked in, Emily, who had been applying a touch of lipstick and trying to make sure that her make-up was on point, hurriedly packed up her things, and straightened up her clothes, revealing her perfect ensemble. Emily had dressed up with a lot of care, and every item of clothing was strategically chosen to make her look irresistible.
	"Jonas, here you are."
	With a bright smile, Emily walked up to Jonas and tried to guide him to their seat by the arm, but Jonas sidestepped her actions and she grabbed on to air. To cover her embarrassment, Emily swiftly turned to the waiter at the door as if that was what she had intended to do all along. "Serve the dishes now."
	The waiter left and closed the door behind him discreetly. Jonas pulled his tie and sat down at a position closest to the door and furthest from Emily's seat, as if he was ready for flight.
	Emily picked up the red wine on the table and poured two glasses for each of them. "This is your favorite wine. I have been keeping it for a long time, so today I came here in advance so that I could open it since this is just the right time to drink it. Have a try."
	Jonas took the glass from her but put it back on the table, leaving it untouched.
	"Jonas, are you angry with me for some reason?" Emily asked cautiously.
	She thought that Jonas accepting to meet her at the restaurant was an indication that he had forgiven her and was willing to forget what had happened. However, the way things were developing, nothing was happening as the way she had expected.
	"No."
	"Jonas, I want to thank you for helping me. I propose a toast to you."
	While speaking, Emily drank up the red wine and started producing a guttural sound, coughing incessantly with tears filling her eyes until she took a sip of water. Seeming to have no care in the world or at Emily's distress, Jonas sat there disinterested.
	"Emily, this is the last thing I am doing for you. Never contact me again from now on."
	Jonas still remembered that he had agreed to meet Emily specifically to break up with her. When Emily heard his words, her face went pale and her hands shook violently as if the wine glass had suddenly become hot.
	"Jonas, are... are you kidding me?"
	"Do I look like I am joking with you?"
	Not at all. That was why Emily was so scared.
	"Jonas, we've been friends for so many years. How can you break up with me so easily like a discarded piece of tissue? Did you forget the deal we made when we were young? I have patiently waited for you. Even when you were forced to marry someone else, I never blamed you. I just assumed that as long as we were together for the rest of our lives, it did not matter. Even if I am just your lover, I would accept my position for the sake of our love. What has now changed? How could you be so heartless?"
	The more Emily talked the more she felt her heart getting heavier. It felt as if someone was squeezing it with a grip of steel. She suddenly burst into bitter tears as her heart shattered into tiny little pieces.
	"Jonas, don't cut off contact with me, okay? I won't contact you. But, if you're in a bad mood and need someone to talk to, if you're in any kind trouble or if you miss me, you can always call me."
	She was unwilling to accept such a final decision. Jonas decided to cut off contact with her for the sake of keeping Melinda happy!
	So she began to convince him the only way she knew how. She began by reminding him of their childhood agreement and how much she had sacrificed for him, hoping that the guilt would make him change his mind. Every time when they had a disagreement, and she mentioned their agreement, Jonas would be softhearted and hesitate over any decision he had earlier made.
	Jonas did get softhearted and for a while it seemed as if her strategy had worked. Whatever had happened was all good while it lasted, but that was just it. It was all in the past. Emily's words reminded him of a woman who had loved him unconditionally for so many years and suffered such humiliation in silence.
	At the thought of Melinda, Jonas's face softened and a rarely seen sweet smile appeared on his face. While Emily was busy celebrating, he turned to concentrate on what they were talking about and she realized that there was no emotion in Jonas's eyes.
	"Emily, this is the last time I am going out of my way to help you. As long as you make good use of this opportunity, your position in the entertainment circle will not be affected. I hope you will not try to contact me in the future. Otherwise my wife will not be very happy with our interaction."
	As soon as Jonas finished his short speech, which seemed as if he had rehearsed for a few hours, he stood up from his seat. Just then, the door of the private room was pushed open, and the waiter began to serve the dishes.
	"This is my treat for today. My wife is waiting for me, so unfortunately I can't accompany you further. I have to go."
	Jonas finished his statement, turned around and left without waiting for any response from Emily, who was still shocked at the new Jonas who was apologetically ending their years of close contact. Because they had cut off ties from each other, he didn't even bother to be polite and say goodbye.
	They had booked a room next to Emily's for dinner and it was quite convenient since Melinda didn't have to ask Jonas much about how the meeting went. Melinda had overheard some gossip from the waiters when she passed by their work station on her way to the washroom.
	The moment the two returned home, Nelson was out pacing in the foyer, anxiously waiting for them. As soon as the car door opened, he was at the door shooting questions at Jonas, trying to get a feel of how the meeting had turned out. He seemed relieved when he realized that Jonas had cut off contact with Emily and their unhealthy relationship.
	"Jonas, now that work at the company has kind of slowed down, why don't you take a break since you have been putting in so many hours and take Melinda with you for a holiday?" advised Nelson.
	Nelson waited for the right time when Melinda wasn't around to lowly speak to his grandson. He worried that his grandson wasn't intelligent to come with ways of mending their relationship and get Melinda to forgive him.
	Jonas thought the idea was a wonderful means to get closer to his wife and began to think of exotic places they could both visit. He then reorganized his work and tackled the most urgent while pushing the dates for those that didn't need immediate attention so that he could get a few extra days for the trip.
	He also organized for someone to get an exit visa for Melinda but kept it as a secret hoping to give it as a surprise.
	A week passed by like a blur from the day he organized everything for their travel. Melinda on the other hand was oblivious of all the activities that were going on. She was purely focused on her writing and therefore didn't notice anything unusual.
	"Mellie, do you have a specific country you like or have ever thought of visiting?" Jonas asked.
	While organizing for their trip together, he had come to the realization that he knew nothing about Melinda's likes and dislikes. He blamed himself for not caring enough about Melinda.
	"I don't like any particular country. Our country is great and good enough for me."
	Melinda didn't know why Jonas was asking such weird questions, but she gave him the most truthful answer she could master, which frustrated Jonas. It seemed that getting information from her was like trying to get water from a rock.
	"Do you have any specific place in mind that you would like to go?" asked Jonas once again.
	Melinda took her time and put down what she holding in her hand, and then turned wide eyed at him, in confusion. She had made a guess of what he was talking about but didn't want to speak out her suspicions.
	"Jonas, what on earth are you talking about?"
	It was really hard for Jonas to express himself since he had a low emotional intelligence and he had assumed that the question would be obvious.
	"I applied for a visa for you and me. I have a well-deserved long vacation days coming up in two days. Let's travel together. Besides, don't writers like traveling as part of their research?"
	Once he noticed that Melinda was aware of his plans, Jonas didn't bother beating around the bush, but spoke out his thoughts. Melinda was a little surprised to hear him come up with such a detailed plan within such a short time.
	"Never mind, I don't want to go."
	She turned him down without bothering to give him an explanation. Jonas didn't expect that Melinda would treat his proposal like a pest without even giving it any consideration.
	"Mellie, I have prepared everything."
	'So, don't be so heartless,' he thought, feeling dejected. He had been busy, leaving home early in the morning and returning late in the evening so as to prepare for this trip. If they couldn't go, he would be really sad and disappointed.
	"You can go alone. I don't have to accompany you,"
	Melinda said sincerely, feeling a bit pressurized. Jonas was speechless for a moment since he had not envisioned such an outcome.
	During dinner time, Jonas brought up the issue again, knowing very well that his grandfather would support him. Nelson tried to persuade Melinda into going with Jonas after he learnt that she wasn't willing to go.
	"Mellie, you are a young person and young people should go out more often. It's rare that Jonas makes time and clears his schedule for a holiday. Why don't you just go with him?"
	"Grandpa, I don't want to go out."
	Melinda liked this kind of undisturbed peaceful life very much, and she didn't want to disrupt it, especially considering that she was uncertain about her feelings for Jonas.
	"Why do you keep staying at home like an old man at such a young age? I don't think it's a good idea. You can consider the holiday as the honeymoon that you never had. I am getting old now and can't go for such long distance, so you should take more photos and send them to me," Nelson added.
	He tried to negotiate and convince her into going for the trip, while also making obscure requests as a tactic to guilt trip her into doing his bidding. Melinda knew that if she refused, Nelson still had a lot of words in his arsenal, just waiting to convince her to do as he wanted.
	She nodded in agreement, tired of listening to him say the same thing in different variations.
	Jonas still had no idea of the exact place that they were going, and his attempts at picking Melinda's brain had been a spectacular failure since she was very indifferent to his arrangements. Jonas therefore decided to pick one of the novels written by Melinda and read it all night long trying to figure out one of her favorite places. He finally came across a place that she kept repeating regularly, so he settled on Mauritius as their first destination.
	The luggage was all prepared by Jonas. Melinda felt a little embarrassed that she hadn't done much to help so she decided to sort out their luggage in person.
	For some things, Jonas decided to buy locally. Anyway, they had sufficient time on their hands. This time he had only one purpose, to make Melinda happy.
	Mauritius, Melinda was shocked that they were there since she had only seen the country in the movies. She had been quite interested in their customs and culture when she was writing her last novel.
	She had thought that Jonas would arrange for a trip in places like Paris, or New York, but she hadn't expected that it would in that country.
	When she jokingly expressed her thoughts to Jonas, he took her suggestions into consideration and replied, "If you like them, we can go there next. I had asked if you had any preferences, but you didn't tell me, so I went to one of your novels and looked up a country that you had talked about."
	Melinda was deeply touched by the love, care and details that Jonas had obviously put into organizing for their trip. Being cared and loved by others made her feel happy and contented.
	There were many people who were of African descent living in the country. Their first stop was Port Louis, which was the capital city of Mauritius. Surrounded by mountains giving it a dazzling natural beauty, it was a natural port. It was situated at the Indian Ocean on the East Coast of the African Continent, and Melinda could feel the culture of the country oozing from the city.
	Apparently, Jonas had done a lot of research and kept giving tit bits of information to Melinda about every location they visited. At night, he took her to the seaside to enjoy the breeze.
	Melinda wore a light floral skirt while Jonas also wore a casual shirt and shorts which was a very rare outfit for him although he looked very relaxed and handsome. He even prepared the same kind of sunglasses for himself and Melinda.
	There were a lot of people on the beach, so Jonas held Melinda's hand tightly as if he was scared she would get lost in the crowd. He kept whispering information to her, telling her what he had read about the country in a low voice. Melinda suddenly turned around, her ears a little red.
	When Jonas turned to look at what had given her that interesting reaction, he noticed a couple kissing passionately on the beach not far from where they were standing.
	"Mellie,"
	Jonas spoke in a husky deep voice. Hearing his flirtatious voice, Melinda curiously looked up at him and was met by a pair of warm lips, a welcome contrast to the breeze blowing from the ocean. She slowly closed her eyes savoring the taste of his lips as she also responded timidly to his kiss.
	This was a positive sign for Jonas. At least she hadn't pushed him away.
	The day was peaceful and nice.
Chapter 82 Two Patients
	Melinda knew that something had changed. She started to feel afraid the moment she felt it.
	She wanted more of what she had just received.
	Melinda blushed as she buried her face on his chest. It had never occurred to her that she would kiss Jonas so passionately in a foreign country and in broad daylight for everyone to see.
	Jonas felt like his heart had suddenly skipped a beat. Melinda's scent engulfed him. He held her tightly in his arms, fingers tense as he struggled to maintain his self-control. He knew that he couldn't just whisk her away back to the hotel, but her scent was addictive.
	"Mellie," he purred.
	"Yes?" she stammered.
	His voice made Melinda's heart pound faster. Still in his arms, she slowly lifted up her head and stared into the depth of his gaze.
	The glow in his eyes was as bright as the stars. Nothing around them mattered to him at the moment. He only had eyes for her.
	It was as if she meant the whole world to him.
	"Mellie, let me take some photos for you." Jonas held up the camera he brought with them for her to see.
	"You can take photos?" Melinda inquired.
	She thought she already knew Jonas very well, which was why she was a bit surprised as she stared back at him curiously with the new piece of information. Melinda hadn't known that Jonas possessed some knowledge in photography.
	"I searched about it online," he told her sheepishly.
	He wanted to prepare for this day, so he did his best to master using it quickly. A lot of people said that if you loved someone, you would want to take a lot of good photos of them.
	Jonas agreed with the saying.
	Melinda obliged and happily posed for Jonas. She went along with him as Jonas took photos of her from a short distance. Once in a while, he would ask random people who passed by to take photos of both of them.
	The two of them spent three days in Mauritius. Melinda secretly uploaded all of their photos in her private social account. She still couldn't believe that it was her with Jonas, who were playing on the beach.
	For the second phase of their honeymoon, Melinda learned that Jonas had arranged for them a trip to Fiji. It was an island located in the South Pacific which was surrounded by numerous corals.
	The three days that they had spent in Mauritius made Melinda feel a little exhausted, so they decided to take a break during their first day of arrival.
	Jonas took Melinda to their hotel room to get some rest. The next morning, they went to soak in the hot spring which made Melinda feel invigorated.
	Jonas thought that Melinda might still be exhausted from the previous days, so he decided to not rush her into following their itinerary. Instead, he took her to the biggest shopping mall in the area where they suddenly bumped into a person Jonas did not expect to meet.
	It was a person from his rival company. What was more unexpected was that the person who accompanied him was not his wife, but instead a young woman with a slender figure. The moment their eyes met, it was evident from the man's expression that he hadn't expected to see him there as well.
	Melinda noticed Jonas looking at the man in front of them and wanted to ask if he knew him.
	"Mellie, let's try some clothes on," Jonas breathed into her ear before she had the chance. When Melinda had realized that Jonas was talking about couple outfits, she followed him to the boutique excitedly.
	It bothered the man when Jonas decided to ignore him.
	"Do you fancy that woman?" the woman beside him suddenly asked.
	There was no hint of annoyance in her tone. She didn't seem bothered at all with the possibility that her companion might be checking out other women. The man finally broke out from his sudden shock and quickly shook his head in response.
	"I thought I just saw an acquaintance," he told her.
	"An acquaintance?" the woman repeated and raised her eyebrows in curiosity.
	Her gaze shifted towards Jonas and Melinda, who were both currently enjoying themselves, while they browsed through the display of clothes. She didn't believe his words.
	The man awkwardly stood there. He was definitely sure that he had just seen Jonas. Did he not recognize him?
	He suddenly felt uneasy.
	"You're almost done shopping, right? Why don't we head back to the hotel first?" he told her.
	The man felt nervous, knowing that he was seen with another woman. He told his wife that he was on a business trip and did not expect to bump into someone he knew while they were in a foreign country.
	"Are you ashamed of me because I'm not pretty enough?" The woman frowned and crossed her arms at him.
	He quickly reassured her that it was not the case and slowly steered them away from the direction of Jonas and Melinda.
	What he failed to see was Jonas putting away his phone as a cunning smile formed around his mouth. He was a businessman after all. How could he ignore an opportunity to acquire something that he could use against his competitor later on?
	"Jonas, try this as well." Melinda handed over some clothes to him.
	The boutique actually catered to couples. There were various matching outfits to choose from as Melinda wandered around to find several designs that she liked. She pulled Jonas along with him as she browsed through the displays, trying to find the best outfit that matched her.
	Jonas ended up buying all of them.
	Both of them finally returned to the hotel with a generous amount of shopping bags. As Melinda lay on their bed, her thoughts drifted back to the two people they bumped into today and how Jonas had a weird expression on his face when he saw them.
	"Do you know the two people from earlier?" She wasn't able to resist asking.
	"Yes," Jonas admitted.
	Melinda looked over to him curiously. "Why didn't you greet them?"
	Seeing her perplexed face, Jonas explained that the man was from his company's competitor and how he was having an affair.
	"I thought they were a couple," she told him not long after, a bit surprised by the revelation.
	They looked genuinely intimate. She was definitely sure that they were not just putting up an act.
	Melinda hadn't pushed the topic any further and remained silent. After all, it was not in his nature to not greet someone he bumped into. In the evening, Jonas had e-mailed the photos to the man.
	If the photos of the man being intimate with another woman leaked in their country, it would definitely affect a lot of people. He was well aware of Jonas's motive for taking them, but he could not blame anyone but himself for being unfortunate enough to bump into him.
	Once he was done sending the photos, Jonas called William and instructed him to follow up on the projects that he competed with that man.
	A City happened to own a piece of land that was about to be developed and no one was able to successfully bid on it yet. This time around, Soaring Group would easily win the competition in a week.
	Melinda smiled to herself as she started to pack in her suitcase all the clothes they shopped for the day. During the evening, however, she suddenly felt sick and started to vomit along with diarrhea. This made Jonas extremely worried.
	"Put on your coat. I'll take you to the hospital," he insisted.
	He hurriedly draped the coat over Melinda's shoulders without any further explanation and rushed towards the hospital with her wrapped in his protective arms.
	Even though Melinda wanted to assure Jonas that she was fine, her stomachache had betrayed her. She did not even have the strength to speak and her face already went pale as she suddenly leaned against him for support.
	Because Jonas wasn't familiar with the area, he asked the hotel's staff to take them to the nearest hospital. Apparently, Melinda had eaten something bad and was instructed by the doctor that she had to be confined in the hospital to be treated.
	Melinda did not like the idea at all and turned to Jonas. "We ate the same food. How come I'm the only one who got sick?"
	As she leaned against the bed, she tried to recall all the food she had eaten the whole day only to realize that she had eaten too much.
	"Once we get out of here, I am not allowing to you eat so much again," he murmured.
	Jonas blamed himself for allowing her to eat a lot of messy food. If he only paid more attention to Melinda, she would not have suffered so much right now.
	Melinda, on the other hand, knew that this was entirely her fault. She did not know what to say and opted to remain silent.
	Her current condition made her more sensitive to the cold temperature of the hospital. Seeing her shudder, Jonas carefully covered her with a blanket and asked the nurse if they could buy some liquid food for her.
	"Go to sleep, you need some rest. I just need to deal with something but I will still continue to watch over you." He then took out his phone and started to type in some numbers.
	Melinda forced a smile because she felt bad for making Jonas watch over her all by himself. This made Jonas soften his gaze as he smiled back at her, still feeling helpless with the situation.
	However, she wasn't able to get some rest. Melinda was just about to close her eyes when a familiar face entered the ward. It was the man that they saw earlier back at the mall. The man assisted the same woman he was seen with, both surprised as they spotted Melinda and Jonas once again.
	"Hello! What a coincidence, we get to meet again," Melinda greeted them in Chinese.
	"Do you also have a bad stomach?" She glanced over the woman.
	She had noticed that both of them were in a similar state which confirmed her suspicions. Melinda felt bad for the woman, but she was secretly a little bit relieved that she was not the only one who was affected.
	The woman looked at her helplessly. "The food here is poisonous. I ate a lot like this back home yet I have never gotten sick like this."
	Both of them understood each other and smiled as the woman continued to tell her about all the food she had taken in for the day, wondering what she had eaten that was so bad to make her feel miserable.
	Nevertheless, she reasoned out that it was hard to resist eating because all the food looked very enticing.
	The two ladies seemed to be enjoying their conversation. The men had no choice but to watch over them and later on started to discuss about the economy.
	They may be rivals, but outside of a business setting they had a lot of interesting things to talk about as they continued to discuss among each other animatedly.
	Melinda and the woman whose name was Nina Ye soon fell asleep, leaving the men to watch over them. Both of them had never left their side for the whole night.
	Melinda and Nina Ye woke up the next morning to find that Jonas and the man named Ryan Zhou had left for a while to get them some breakfast. While waiting for them to return, they found themselves engaged in another interesting conversation.
	"Nina, if you don't mind me asking, why are you with him?" Melinda inquired.
	Nina Ye did not seem like someone who wanted to ruin another family. If the woman was experiencing problems, maybe she could do something to help.
	The woman smiled softly. She was not surprised by the sudden question.
	"I guess Ryan and I were just unfortunate enough to have not met sooner. People like him, after all, did not have any freedom when it came to marriage. I'm sure you are very much aware with that. Love is something you can't control," she answered.
	"I don't care about the money. I just want to be happy with him." She looked at Melinda with sincerity.
	Melinda was impressed. After hearing those words, her opinion about Nina Ye's affair had changed.
	"Isn't it difficult?" She worried.
	All she got as a response was a laugh. It may have sounded heartily, but the smile did not really reach the woman's eyes.
	"I don't really like to force myself into someone, nor do I want to force someone to love me. If he really loves his wife, I'll just have to live happily alone then," she answered.
	Nina Ye explained that the marriage between Ryan Zhou and his wife was an arrangement between both of their families. She had no idea if they really had feelings for each other. All that mattered to her was that Ryan Zhou truly loved her.
	Not everyone understood this kind of feeling. She didn't care because she did not live for others anyway.
Chapter 83 The French Tour
	"Don't you feel sad?"
	Melinda couldn't restrain herself from asking, after sensing that this kind of affection was too tiring and required a lot of patience. They could not even hold hands in public, and they needed to go somewhere distant just for sightseeing.
	"Sometimes, I feel discouraged. But as long as I can lay my eyes on him, I will feel happy. Sometimes, I think love is a bizarre thing. Even if you are exhausted, you still want to move on and make a fresh start while bearing a heavy burden,"
	said Nina, looking a little distracted. She had thought of the anguish and hardships that came her way, which reminded Melinda of her feelings for Jonas.
	In the beginning, she had shown unrequited love for him. After five years of misery, she finally abandoned all her principles for the word "love".
	For a moment, both of them were quiet.
	When Jonas walked into the ward bringing breakfast food, he got the impression that something was wrong.
	"When did you wake up?"
	"I just got up. Did you buy breakfast? What have you ordered?"
	Melinda drew back her thoughts and peered curiously at the brown paper bag that Jonas had carried. It was fresh milk. Jonas considered it since she had diarrhea yesterday, so he denied her from eating anything that could trigger another upset stomach. He also bought a lot of fresh fruits.
	Shortly, Ryan returned to the ward with almost the same food items as that of Jonas. Seeing Ryan, Nina had turned lively and full of vigor. Melinda looked at them and took a deep breath.
	"Melinda, would you like to have an apple?"
	Nina beamed and looked at Melinda, while Ryan went to peel the fruit in silence. Hearing the offer, Melinda took a glance at Jonas and then looked away. Was she expecting that Jonas would cut the apple for her? Forget it.
	She seriously doubted that Jonas had no inkling on how to peel the apple.
	"Sure,"
	Melinda agreed. Jonas looked at Ryan in embarrassment, and Ryan painted a warm smile on his face. Melinda hurried to comfort Jonas.
	"Jonas, can you feed me later?"
	Catching her pleading tone, Jonas had no other choice but to grant her request immediately. Ryan had peeled two apples. Both of the two patients had one apple each.
	Nina was a very spirited girl, and she enjoyed having long conversations with Melinda, who was also an engaging person. The two women were so thrilled that they neglected the two men.
	"So, you're a book writer. I normally like reading non-fiction novels, though I complained about the plots every time,"
	Nina said as she stuck her tongue out. But Melinda didn't mind, because most novels nowadays were like that.
	"All of my stories happened in real life. Some writers may overdo it, but they didn't revise much."
	Melinda shared her experience with writing. After thinking for a while, Nina dipped her head in agreement. She felt that numerous novels were dramatic, but they were practical.
	"Melinda, let me tell you my accounts of him,"
	Nina said suddenly. Melinda was a little surprised. Usually, people would not tell strangers something private, but Nina told her directly.
	At that moment, she also showed some interest.
	It would just be a part of a good story if she didn't know that Ryan was married. But the reality was always cruel.
	"When I found out that he has a wife, I reached a point where I wanted to cut off his dick."
	When these words came out of Nina's mouth, she was appalled. Melinda subconsciously looked to the direction of Ryan. Seeing this, Jonas pulled a long face and blocked her sight.
	Realizing what she had done, Melinda smiled shyly, and her face all flushed.
	"What happened after that?"
	"Then he used his dick to win me over again."
	Melinda gagged on her apple after hearing those words. She coughed violently, and her face turned red. Flustered, Ryan also choked.
	Jonas patted her back, and it took a while for her to recover.
	"Melinda, you are so naive."
	Nina was surprised to see Melinda's face blushing. She pondered since Melinda had gotten hitched for over five years, she should have been accustomed to such discussions.
	"Nothing. Go on," Melinda said after a while.
	"Okay," said Nina in a deep voice. She continued recounting her story. Melinda could tell that Nina was an independent girl from the chain of events.
	She had a well-defined character on what to love and what to hate, but she ended up falling for the wrong person.
	They shared the same interests and had a lot to talk about, but Melinda never mentioned her history with Jonas. In her eyes, her stories were more complicated than that of Nina.
	In the evening, since there were plenty of vacant rooms in the hospital, the first thing Jonas did was to separate the two women. Though unwilling, Melinda agreed when she saw that Jonas hadn't relaxed well.
	Melinda slept a lot during the daytime, so she was a little excited during nightfall. Since Jonas had brought her laptop from the hotel to alleviate her boredom, she took the computer and began to draft Nina's story into a novel.
	What she said about novels being about life was always true. She based most of her stories on real-life experiences, so she gave more attention to the details.
	Jonas wasn't able to take some time off after taking care of Melinda all day. He was unhappy to see that Melinda was going to write a novel about Nina and Ryan.
	"Are you that gullible to believe her?"
	"Jonas, what do you mean by that?"
	Melinda stopped what she was doing and looked up to him. She was not pleased at all. She liked Nina very much, but it was evident that Jonas looked down on her.
	"Don't you even consider the likelihood that she is just tricking you? Mellie, be cautious and stay away from her,"
	said Jonas. This was the foremost reason he requested a separate ward for her.
	Melinda thought for a while and got what he meant. She couldn't help asking, "Jonas, are you looking down your nose upon her status or what? You have a lot of intimate female friends. Why haven't you asked me to steer clear of them before?
	Oh, I was mistaken. You did order me to stay away from them, and you even pushed me to... Hmm..."
	Jonas suddenly interrupted Melinda with a kiss.
	Her words hurt Jonas so much that he didn't want to listen at all.
	After the tension died down, Melinda didn't have the strength to yell at Jonas. She just randomly picked a movie and soon fell asleep, her head resting on Jonas's shoulder.
	Looking at her sleepy face, Jonas felt a little guilty thinking of what she had just said, but he could not reverse what had transpired.
	"I'm sorry, Mellie."
	He realized that he had made a blunder, and he silently swore never to do it again.
	The next day, the doctor dropped by to do a follow-up check-up on Melinda and found nothing serious but gave her advice to pay attention to her diet. Different eating practices in different countries would cause stomach discomfort.
	To make matters worse, Melinda had a weak stomach.
	After checking out for Melinda, they coincided with Nina and Ryan. They sat on the bench in the hallway and started to converse about their next travel plans.
	"Here is my business card. You can contact me after you return home."
	Nina took out the small white card from her wallet and handed it to Melinda, who looked a bit surprised after seeing the company name printed on bold letters.
	Because of her status and line of work, Melinda had many contacts in the business scene and recognized many people. By connecting this group with Nina's surname, she tried guessing Nina's identity.
	Nina winked at Melinda playfully. Melinda put the card away and made fun of her, saying, "I didn't expect that my new friend is from a family owning such a big company."
	Nina's family ran an international company. Although it was not as prominent as Soaring Group, it was still one of the best companies.
	They continued talking some more until Jonas appeared to finish the formalities and left with Melinda. Thinking of what Jonas had said to her the night before, Melinda glanced around and told Nina that she would contact her back in China.
	Due to health reasons, their trip to Fiji didn't turn out into something relaxing and enjoyable. Melinda lost her spirit, and it was a total mess. They packed up that night and flew to France the next day.
	Jonas had his own house in France, so they skipped the hotel and stayed in his little castle.
	Their dinner was Chinese food, which made Melinda very satisfied. To her, the most delightful thing during travel was to have fun and eat, and the saddest thing was not to taste every local dish. Some meals were not pleasing to Melinda's palate, especially after she had diarrhea.
	Melinda had a good appetite, so she ate two bowls of rice that night.
	The mood and scenery were romantic in France. While walking down the cobbled streets holding hands, both of them could feel the dreamy atmosphere everywhere.
	"Do you like it here?"
	Seeing that there was always a smile in the corner of Melinda's mouth, Jonas could not help but ask. Melinda simply nodded. She heard about this place before, but now she felt completely different after being there in person.
	When they arrived in Paris, Jonas took Melinda to see the Eiffel Tower first. Many couples would come here to take photos and be amazed by its majestic beauty. Feeling the poetic and intimate character of Paris, Melinda couldn't help following Jonas closely.
	Feeding the birds seemed to be a regular spectacle in France. Melinda stood on the square and fed the pigeons. Staring at many old couples walk hand in hand moved Melinda's heart.
	"Jonas, the people here are so affectionate and dreamy,"
	said Melinda. Sometimes romance was more of an ambiance, not necessarily between the couple, but a cultural aspect.
	Jonas stroked the back of her head and said nothing. Everyone had this impression of France.
	"I'll take you to the Pantheon tomorrow,"
	said Jonas. Melinda had a liking for the arts and would love to go to museums and temples rich in history and culture. France was a country with a high aesthetic base.
	The Pantheon was in the Latin Quarter of Paris, on the left bank of the Seine River. Traditionally thought to have been designed as a temple for Roman gods, the structure's name came from the Greek words pan, meaning "all," and theos, meaning "gods."
	Seventy-two people had made significant contributions to France, and eleven of them were politicians. The one Melinda liked most was the poet, novelist, and dramatist, Victor Hugo.
	The people there called Hugo as the French Shakespeare because he translated the works of William Shakespeare into French. Hugo's collection of poetry and novels had influenced France and the whole world.
	Melinda couldn't stop herself from recounting one specific period of France when French romance seemed to flourish.
	Hugo's connection with novelist Nottier led him to turn to Romanticism and become the leader in the Romantic Movement.
Chapter 84 Under Mount Fuji
	Jonas was staying by Melinda's side, intently listening to her as he shared his opinions from time to time.
	The two never got the chance to talk about culture and tradition. This enabled Melinda to understand Jonas a lot better than she did in the past.
	She started liking him even more. He was no longer the cold, intimidating person that he was once. He was the love of her life.
	The thought brought a smile to Melinda's face. She followed Jonas without saying a word.
	Although it was fascinating to witness this country's way of living, Melinda felt depressed at times.
	Jonas and Melinda spent three days in France. Melinda blindly followed him without questioning about their schedule.
	They seemed to be planning to travel all over the world.
	Once they went back to the castle, Melinda saw that the servants had prepared all her favorite food. The time Jonas spent with Melinda made him understand what she liked and disliked. He took good care of her and made sure she had a comfortable time. Melinda was very thin in the past but she had gained a lot of weight in the last few days.
	"Jonas, I feel like I've put on weight."
	Melinda pinched the warm flesh on her cheeks and frowned. She was like every other woman who wanted to maintain a good figure. Everyone lost weight during travel but Melinda became fairer and plumper than before.
	"Oh come on, you are still too thin. You need to gain weight," Jonas said, eyeing her bosom.
	Melinda's cheeks turned red as she glared at Jonas.
	She angrily jabbed the chopsticks on the rice and shoved it into her mouth.
	"Mellie, look at you. You are too thin and I sometimes get worried when I look at you," Jonas said guiltily.
	Melinda was always thin and she looked weaker than before. Jonas felt that she had lost weight because of him.
	Melinda didn't answer and continued to eat what Jonas offered. He breathed a sigh of relief and continued to add more food to her bowl.
	Melinda ended up eating a lot and her belly was peeking through her shirt. Jonas took her out for a walk in the garden outside the castle.
	"Mellie, where do you want to go next?"
	Jonas asked, running his fingers across Melinda's arms, interlacing their fingers. Melinda's fingers were slender and rough at the same time. It was perhaps because she spent a lot of time tapping the keyboard.
	"You arranged all of this, didn't you? You tell where we are going next."
	Melinda trusted Jonas. People say that traveling is a great way to strengthen a relationship and Melinda finally understood that. She felt that they were in a blissful relationship, enjoying the company of each other. This trip had taught them more about each other.
	"Let's go to America," he said, grinning happily. Jonas was glad that Melinda had faith in him.
	"Okay."
	Melinda nodded in agreement. As long as Jonas was by her side, she would go with him to any corner of the world in a heartbeat.
	The next day, Jonas packed his things and waited for Melinda to get ready. He didn't rush her because he wanted her to have a good rest and enjoy her time, rather than being exhausted by the travel.
	When they landed at the JFK airport, the somber, gray sky greeted them, making Melinda more depressive. Jonas had planned to go to some famous sights for the next three days but the weather had ruined his plans.
	Melinda was agitated and stayed in the hotel all day. Jonas checked if he could watch any movies with her but the weather was still the same during the following days. Therefore, he was left with no choice but to take her to the next destination, Britain.
	However, to Melinda's disappointment, the weather in Britain was no different than that in America. It was drizzling and Melinda hated to walk under the rain.
	The bleak weather had an impact on Melinda's mood. She became more sullen and perturbed. Jonas was worried and didn't let her go out.
	Jonas was frustrated that their trip was destroyed by the weather, so he checked the weather forecast of the next day. To his dismay, he found that the weather was going to be the same for the next few days. Therefore, he quickly planned their trip to the next destination.
	Jonas was worried about Melinda's health and made her stay back for one more day before leaving. On the third day, Jonas and Melinda flew to Salar de Uyuni mine in Bolivia.
	The Salar de Uyuni mine is popularly called the mirror of heaven. It is a flat stretch of salt that remained after the prehistoric lakes evaporated a long time ago. The place has occasional rainfalls and the climate is relatively arid.
	Melinda and Jonas interlocked their fingers and saw their reflection dancing on the lake like a hazy oil painting portrait.
	Melinda turned around to say something but stopped when she met Jonas's eyes that were gleaming with love and affection. The words froze in her throat as she blinked and continued to look at him.
	Their eyes were pouring out the feelings that words couldn't.
	"Jonas," Melinda whispered.
	Jonas felt that his name somehow sounded sweeter in Melinda's voice. He smiled and held Melinda in his arms.
	His tender touch made Melinda weak in her knees. He looked into her eyes, waiting for her to respond. The lake cast a striking reflection of the couple who were destined to meet and reluctant to part.
	Jonas rested his chin on Melinda's forehead, relishing the moment. She closed her eyes and tugged his shirt, loving the closeness.
	"Do you want me to take pictures of you?"
	Jonas asked, pulling the camera out. Melinda nodded in response. She was awkward in the beginning but slowly became comfortable. She loved everything about this beautiful place and her life seemed like a fairytale.
	Melinda admired Jonas's secret talent and asked him to teach her to take better pictures. She was excited and clicked pictures of their reflection from different angles.
	The air was filled with love as many couples had come to visit the place just like them. The beautiful scenery and pleasant atmosphere made Melinda forget all her troubles and woes.
	Melinda soon learned to take good photographs and helped many couples take pictures with their partners. Jonas stood in a corner and watched her with a smile on his face.
	Melinda took pictures of a couple who were posing happily. They got creative and intimate with every picture and Melinda patiently took pictures of them. "Your boyfriend adores you. Let me take a picture of the two of you," the girl said, smiling at them.
	Melinda and Jonas had only taken pictures of the lake, so she quickly agreed to pose with him.
	Jonas had a serious expression the whole time. Melinda cracked jokes and pinched his cheeks, trying to make him smile.
	The couple took several pictures of them. In the end, Melinda had no choice but to press herself against Jonas. He took the opportunity and posed intimately with her.
	Melinda's cheeks turned red. She was embarrassed when the girl winked at her.
	"Thank you."
	Melinda took her camera and quickly left with Jonas. Her face was flustered and Jonas couldn't help but laugh.
	"I told you to smile and you didn't bother listening to me. Did you do it on purpose?"
	"No." Jonas nodded and continued to smile.
	The two of them enjoyed their stay and Jonas arranged a trip to Japan.
	Japan is known for its comics and beautiful cherry blossoms.
	It has a well-developed economy, making it an ideal place for tourism.
	Japan was a mystic country and Melinda felt like she was in a comic book. She instantly fell in love with the place.
	Jonas had a house in Japan that was closer to Mount Fiji. Melinda was curious to find how the house looked. The tiredness and fatigue seemed to fade away in an instant. She held Jonas's hand went on a tour with him.
	The scent of cherry blossoms wafted in the air. People were walking in kimono and Melinda witnessed the Japanese cosplay in awe.
	She was excited to wear kimono and asked Jonas to get one for her. He immediately got one the prettiest kimono of the lot and slipped it on her. But Melinda was not comfortable in it, so she took a few pictures of her wearing kimono and changed into a comfortable outfit.
	Melinda and Jonas brought a couple-outfit and decided to try them on. She even let Jonas braid her hair heeding to the instructions from the online tutorial. The braid was far from perfect but Melinda wasn't bothered and set her hair with a cherry clip.
	Jonas puffed his chest in pride as he was happy with the result.
	The two of them went to see the cherry blossoms. Jonas didn't know whether to look at the flowers or his beautiful wife. Melinda seemed to effortlessly take his breath away. Jonas felt that he was incredibly lucky to have a wife like Melinda. He couldn't stop taking pictures of her.
	"Sir, can you please take a picture of me?" a young woman asked in Japanese.
	Jonas turned around and knitted his eyebrows. The woman repeated the same thing in broken Chinese.
	Melinda turned around and saw a woman in cherry-colored kimono, looking at Jonas with expectant eyes.
	"Sorry, I only take photos of my wife," Jonas said, pointing at Melinda who was looking at them with curious eyes.
	She pursed her lips, and walked up to him. Jonas wrapped his arm around her waist. "This is my wife," he said proudly.
	Melinda was about to wriggle out of his hold. But her heart melted at his words. She stood there staring at him with wide eyes. The woman glanced at Melinda and left.
	"Are you using me as an excuse?" she asked playfully.
	"Mrs. Gu, I don't think you are aware of your identity," Jonas said.
	Melinda thought that Jonas was using her to ward off women who tried approaching him.
	Melinda loved taking pictures and left the place only after she was satisfied with the photos she had taken with Jonas.
	Tokyo was their next destination. A famous singer was holding a concert. Jonas asked his secretary to buy tickets and took Melinda for the concert.
	Neither of them was familiar with the songs, so they quietly listened to him sing. The music changed and Melinda's eyes widened as a smile tugged at the corners of her lips. The singer began to sing 'Under Mount Fuji'. Her face lit up with joy as she sang along with him.
	Jonas was listening to Melinda sing for the first time. His eyes were fixed on her as he watched her sing and hum along. He admired the little expressions and how her face changed in rhythm with the tune. Everyone else seemed to fade away and he felt as if they were the only people in the world.
	The thunderous applause brought Jonas back to his senses.
	"He is brilliant. But some of his pronunciations are a little weird." Melinda smiled. The intensity of Jonas's gaze made her uncomfortable and she turned away.
	Her heart began to race in her chest. "You sang very well," he whispered in her ears.
Chapter 85 I'm Going Back
	The concert ended but the singer didn't leave. He instead told the audiences about himself and Mount Fuji. Melinda couldn't understand Japanese, so she asked Jonas to translate for her.
	Jonas narrowed his eyes and looked at the singer intently as he meticulously translated his speech. Melinda was mesmerized by his voice and watched him dreamily.
	Her mind had lost track of Jonas's words but his resonant voice reverberated in her ears like a soothing lullaby.
	The concert had extended up to three hours. Melinda felt that although she was in a different place, the culture and music were still the same. She couldn't understand the lyrics but was moved by the soulful music.
	"Mellie, you never sang for me,"
	Jonas whispered as his hot breath blew across Melinda's ears. Her skin broke into goosebumps and her body shivered with desire.
	Melinda had sung for Jonas but he wasn't aware of it.
	"You never sing for me, either."
	Melinda said as she imagined how his handsome face would look like when he sang.
	"Will you sing for me tonight?" Jonas asked expectantly.
	Melinda was in a trance as Jonas's voice seemed to cast a spell on her.
	She instinctively nodded her head but regretted the moment she agreed.
	Jonas was glad that Melinda had agreed to sing. He was not in the mood to listen to the concert anymore. All he wanted to do was to go back home with Melinda and listen to her sing.
	Jonas and Melinda finally returned home after a contended day. The house was a typical Japanese style residence. Melinda sat on the tatami, with her feet pinned against her seat. Jonas made tea for her and brought the cakes that their neighbor had sent.
	It was late at night but Melinda loved the food. Jonas knew that she had overeaten and decided to take her for a walk. Melinda followed Jonas without reminding him about his strange request as she wasn't ready to sing for him.
	"Mellie, have you tried Japanese bath?" Jonas asked.
	Melinda was always lured by Jonas's voice. She had already learned not to give in to the temptation, so she stayed in control. She shook her head nonchalantly, but showed no interest in it.
	Jonas understood that his wife was smart and realized that it wasn't easy to fool her anymore.
	Melinda had never experienced the bath and wasn't curious to try it. But she wanted to understand his intentions.
	Jonas took her for the bath. Melinda felt that it was very much like Chinese spas but she still enjoyed it and felt relaxed both physically and mentally.
	The bath was extremely soothing and Melinda slowly slipped off into a peaceful sleep. Jonas carried her to the bedroom.
	After a night of peaceful sleep, Melinda woke up feeling lazy. She was reluctant to get up. Melinda was always brisk and active. Jonas was surprised to see her laze around like a little girl.
	"Aren't you going shopping, Mellie?"
	Jonas asked. She slowly opened her eyes and yawned. Melinda had informed her fans about going on a trip. Some of her fans had commented on the post, asking her to buy something for them. Thinking that it would be a great opportunity to interact with fans, Melinda arranged an activity where she would meet her fans and give them all the gifts and goodies.
	"I'm sleepy,"
	Melinda mumbled and pressed her body against Jonas.
	"Help me get up." Her voice muffled against his chest.
	Jonas smiled and pulled her out of the bed. She reluctantly went to the bathroom to take a shower. She was sleepy the whole time and let Jonas feed her. Melinda closed her eyes and blindly ate whatever he gave.
	She felt better after breakfast. Melinda wore a long, pink dress that accentuated her rosy cheeks and ruddy lips. With the previous day's experience, Jonas efficiently braided Melinda's hair.
	After slipping a hat on, Melinda walked out, hand in hand, with Jonas. They arrived at the shopping mall and Jonas didn't hesitate about spending for her. Melinda bought everything that she wanted.
	All the things she had bought were for her fans and she didn't want Jonas to pay for it. Jonas tried convincing her but he finally gave up as Melinda was adamant about paying for it.
	"Let's buy a gift for Grandpa."
	It was Melinda's tradition to get gifts for the elders at home. Every time she went somewhere, she would return with a thoughtful gift. She loved getting gifts for others but seldom got anything for herself.
	Jonas narrowed his eyes when he saw the long queue that had lined up before him. Melinda was equally annoyed but they were left with no choice but to wait.
	"How about you wait in the queue for me? I want to walk around the mall."
	The people in the queue were predominantly men, who patiently waited, while their girlfriend or wife continued to shop at their own, sweet pace.
	Jonas glanced at the people before him and nodded. Although he looked unhappy about it, Melinda was happy that he was doing this for her.
	She grinned happily, kissed Jonas's cheeks, and ran away.
	Jonas's eyes widened.
	He trailed his fingers across his cheeks where Melinda had kissed. He smiled as the softness of her lips lingered.
	Melinda decided to go to a souvenir store. Just when she was about to enter, someone stopped her.
	Melinda knitted her eyebrows and turned around.
	A man was standing before Melinda with a goofy smile on his face. "Hello, Miss. I'm from the biggest entertainment company of Japan and I'm looking for a female lead. I feel you'd be the perfect candidate. Would you like to do an audition for our company?" he asked.
	The man continued to go on and on about his company, and how this was an once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Melinda took a moment to comprehend what he was trying to say.
	The man wanted her to audition for his company and the thought of it made Melinda uncomfortable.
	"Sorry, I'm not interested," Melinda said.
	The man continued to talk fast in Japanese but Melinda couldn't understand a word he was saying. She finally raised her hand, gesturing him to stop. "Sir, you're blocking my way. I need to go in," she said in English.
	The man was stunned. He had thought that Melinda was Japanese and that was the reason he had approached her. But he didn't care that Melinda was Chinese, he continued to persuade her to audition for his company.
	Melinda was annoyed that he wasn't letting her go. He tried convincing her by talking in English. Melinda opened her mouth to say something but before she could answer, she heard a deep, male voice.
	"My wife just told that you're blocking her way. Could you get out of her way, Sir?" Jonas said politely but his eyes were menacing.
	The man shuddered at the intensity of his gaze. He felt that Jonas would be a great actor, capable of seizing women's hearts. But he was afraid of Jonas and didn't dare to ask him if he could audition for his company.
	The man swallowed loudly and left.
	Melinda breathed a sigh of relief but her face suddenly turned pale. "What are you doing here? Where are our bags?"
	"I've safely kept them there," Jonas said, pointing at a locker.
	He looked at her with confusion. Melinda never cared about materialistic things and Jonas was a little surprised to see her worry about their shopping bags. Melinda didn't take a walk around the mall and decided to stay with Jonas.
	They managed to save a lot of things.
	Melinda was a smart shopper. She bought a lot of things without wasting money. Every time they went to a place, they would do intensive shopping and mail everything home.
	Jonas was worried that they would lose the luggage on their way home. Moreover, every item had to pass through customs and other formalities. Therefore, he asked his men to personally take the things back to China.
	Melinda glanced at the pair of booties she got for herself and felt happy. She sent all the bags to their house in Japan and signed every single one of them with the help of the neighbor. The neighbor had been kind enough to send cakes, so she brought gifts for her as well.
	Jonas bought food from a restaurant and the two of them ate in the yard, under the starry sky. But Melinda wasn't fond of Japanese cuisine and barely ate anything. Jonas had bought snacks on his way and gave them for Melinda to eat.
	"I'm going to sort these out." Melinda stood up and went into the house.
	Everything was clumsily piled up in the living room. Melinda picked one thing after the other and began to arrange them. Jonas went to his room and washed his face.
	Melinda enjoyed categorizing things and packing them up. Once she was done packing, she stared at her bag. She realized that she had bought too many things and had no space to stuff everything inside.
	"I have to send them back as well."
	Melinda went to her room to take a bath.
	Meanwhile, in the next room, Jonas received a phone call. He instantly grew tense and hurried out of the house.
	Melinda soaked herself in the bath to ease her tiredness and almost fell asleep. She finally woke up when the water turned cold. Her body started to shiver, so she quickly braced herself with a bath towel.
	She felt that something was wrong. Jonas would never allow Melinda to stay in the water for a long time. But she had been in the bathroom for almost an hour but Jonas didn't come for her.
	Melinda quickly walked out of the bathroom and saw the camera on the cabinet. She switched it on and began to see the photos. A permanent grin was etched on her face as she saw the photos of her and Jonas.
	But her smile was wiped off in an instant as she began to wonder why Jonas hadn't come out of the bathroom yet.
	Melinda decided to check if he had fallen asleep in the bathtub. Jonas must have been equally tired and she was afraid that he might catch a cold.
	When Melinda went to his room, she saw that the lights were on but Jonas wasn't there.
	She broke into a cold sweat as panic surged through her veins. She called him but there was no answer. Terrible things began to flash in her mind and Melinda was terrified.
	Her eyes searched for Jonas everywhere. Just then, her phone blared. Melinda picked it up and saw Jonas's number flashing on her screen. She licked her dry lips and wondered if it was bad news. She closed her eyes, took a moment to compose herself, and picked the call.
	"Jonas?" Melinda croaked.
	She was almost sure that the person on the other end of the call wasn't Jonas. The reception was bad and the call was noisy.
	Her heart raced frantically in her chest. The noise gradually faded and she heard Jonas's voice.
	"Mellie, I'm at the airport. I'm going back to China."
	It was not until Jonas was about to board the plane that he realized that he hadn't informed Melinda about his departure. He was afraid that she would freak out, so he immediately called her.
	Melinda was furious. She felt stupid for worrying about Jonas when he had abandoned her and left for China, without bothering to inform her about it.
	Hot angry tears streamed down her cheeks as disappointment resided in the pit of her stomach.
Chapter 86 Injury
	"Why didn't you tell me first?"
	Feeling that her face was moist, Melinda took a piece of paper towel to wipe her face. After calming down, she slowly asked in a husky voice.
	Hearing this, Jonas was nervous. He seemed to have done something wrong.
	"Mellie, are you crying?"
	Jonas asked in a soft voice. He had been full of uncertainty when the loud announcement on the airport broadcast reminded him to board. But thinking of the news he had read, he made up his mind.
	"No. You suddenly came back because of your pending work at the office, right?"
	Taking a sip of water, Melinda tried to raise her spirits. She calmed herself down and began to ponder if it was because of something urgent in the company that Jonas had to return home early.
	The two of them had been busy traveling for half a month. Melinda could convince herself right now with such justification, but she still had some apprehensions in her heart. Even so, Jonas could always check up on her and then they could fly back home together.
	He knew well that she couldn't comprehend or speak the local language in this foreign country. She would be panicky without him around.
	"Emily was injured during the shooting."
	After a long pause, Jonas finally admitted the real reason to her. This unexpected news made Melinda's heart sink.
	She suddenly shivered and thought how chilly it was that evening in Japan.
	The broadcast reminded him the second time around to embark on the plane. Jonas knew that he couldn't delay it anymore. "Mellie, I have to go back to check for myself. It's time for me to board. Have fun in Japan. I've already arranged a tour guide for you."
	Since their trip wasn't over yet, Jonas felt a little guilty about returning home in advance. He had thought of taking her back with him. However, it was already late at night. He desired Melinda to have a good time, so he hired a tour guide to accompany Melinda wherever she wished to go.
	As she listened to Jonas in silence, Melinda's heart grew colder and colder. Without saying any word, Melinda hung up the phone.
	Should she be relieved that she could stay behind and enjoy the sights with a local guide? When Jonas was worried about Emily, he didn't forget to arrange the itinerary for her. Perhaps he was concerned that Melinda might go back and sabotage their relationship.
	Melinda sat on the floor, and her hands dangled feebly. Her mobile phone fell on the floor and made a crisp sound.
	The more she thought about it, the more pain she felt. Suddenly, she remembered that Jonas mentioned Emily sustaining an injury during the shooting. Hence, she picked up her mobile phone to check domestic news.
	There were already several press released about Emily's injury on Weibo. She quickly browsed it and roughly figured out the incident.
	She learned from the news online that Emily was seriously hurt, so Jonas must be distraught.
	With a mocking smile, Melinda wondered whether she was laughing at herself or at her relationship with Jonas.
	Over the past two weeks, she had forgotten all of her sorrows and sufferings. She followed her own sincere heart, hoping to get along well with Jonas because when he said he liked her, his eyes were sincere.
	He also deleted Emily's contact information in front of her and his grandpa. He brought her with him to make her watch the break-up scene between them.
	At the thought of this, Melinda felt like a fool. If Jonas liked Emily, what was the use in deleting her contact information or severing ties with her?
	Jonas could also find out news updates of Emily from many places.
	"Melinda, you are so stupid,"
	Melinda said in a faint voice, her arms wrapped around her shins, and her chin resting on her knees. She couldn't help but shed tears, and the recent events flashed through her mind like a passing breeze. Finally, their act stopped when the two signed the agreement.
	From now on, it was not about relationships but benefits.
	Her heart couldn't stand such disgrace anymore.
	Nelson had believed in their love. She just needed to wait until Jonas inherited the family property. Then she would file for a divorce.
	Residing in her hometown and living with her grandparents might prove beneficial to her and her writing career. Anyway, she didn't want to have anything to do with Jonas after that.
	As Melinda considered this, she leaned her head against the wall and fell asleep. The screen of her phone was still on, and Emily's injury was on display.
	Jonas boarded the plane, but he was a little flustered. He recalled the story regarding Emily's accident and crash from the harness while shooting.
	They had announced something terrible had happened but had no updates about it.
	In China, Emily was quite satisfied that the news of her mishap had spread worldwide. She believed that Jonas wouldn't be so heartless, and that he would show some compassion when he saw this news.
	In fact, Jonas had received a call from William before he learned the situation of Emily's injury on the Internet.
	"Many reporters outside asked about your injury, and your fans are concerned about you. Are you really not going to send a message to inform them of your safety?"
	Emily's injury had been dealt with. Now she was lying on the bed with a bunch of flowers by her side, which made the quiet ward more alive.
	Her agent stood in front of Emily and looked at Emily with displeasure.
	Emily had made many decisions and had made a lot of news about herself before informing her, which made her very unhappy. But she didn't want to force Emily to do anything, because Emily had Jonas as her backer.
	Fortunately, Emily was not that bad. Not long ago, she had received a lot of projects because of Jonas.
	She didn't anticipate that Emily would get into trouble so soon.
	"I'm still in a coma. How can I tell my followers that I'm safe?"
	Emily asked with a smirk. She looked a little pale and haggard, but her scheme was obvious.
	The agent thought that such a cruel and calculating person would really fit in the entertainment circle.
	"Do whatever you want with your life. Don't cause any more inconvenience. Nobody has the time to clean up your mess every single time."
	She didn't handle many artists, but those under her management were all big names. Now she had the most popular rising star in the business. Hearing her words, Emily lowered her eyes to suppress her emotions.
	"I see. You can assign an assistant here,"
	Emily said. The agent did leave an assistant to take care of Emily. Recently, Jonas had provided a lot of assistance, but not all of them went to Emily.
	The agent had a good grasp of the production team and its entire operation. She also knew how to let everyone under her team exert the most effort. She had equally assigned some of the collaboration to others.
	It was one o'clock in the morning when Jonas arrived at the airport. William got up from his bed and went directly to the airport to pick him up.
	"How's her injury?"
	"I don't know. We haven't received any news from Miss Bai's studio. The news said that she lost consciousness. The hospital is currently full of media people and avid fans,"
	William replied. He had wanted to get hold of a copy of the video about the incident, but he couldn't find one. Both the crew and the team were holding back the injury of Emily.
	The more they behaved like it was not a big issue, the more anxious the fans became. They were even exaggerating the bruises, and only a few people knew how serious the injuries were right now.
	"How about the company?"
	"They were silent, too. Mr. Gu, are you really going to see Miss Bai at this hour?"
	William hesitated for a bit. He didn't think it was a good idea. If Nelson knew it next day, he would be angry.
	"Please make an arrangement."
	Since Jonas had shown his willingness and stance, William couldn't do anything else. Still, he could sneak Jonas into the ward.
	He knew Jonas well enough. He had arranged everything, but he just wanted to persuade him.
	The hospital was bustling even late at night. Many fans were waiting outside, and many paparazzi were squatting in the parking lot. As soon as the agent's car pulled away, a low-profile vehicle entered the parking lot.
	The tall man dressed in a white lab coat stepped inside the elevator with glasses and mask on. He stopped at the VIP floor and finally proceeded to Emily's room.
	The nurse was just changing the IV fluid for Emily while William waited for Jonas inside the room. He opened the door and let Jonas in before walking outside.
	In pain, Emily was about to scold the nurse when she noticed Jonas.
	The nurse looked at Emily in surprise. She groaned inwardly, 'These actors are so good at performing that they can pretend so quickly.'
	"How are you doing?"
	Standing three steps away, Jonas studied Emily quietly. She looked pale, and her hands and legs were in plaster, but it was not as critical as stated on the Internet.
	She had no serious internal injuries, disfigurement, or disability.
	"It hurts."
	The pain on Emily's face was not fictitious. Her injury was not as exaggerated as stated on the Internet, but it was no laughing matter.
	She didn't want to hide it from Jonas and even desired to behave like a spoiled brat. But noticing that Jonas tried to keep a distance from her deliberately, she was reluctant but helpless.
	"How did you get hurt? Didn't they double check the props before filming?"
	Jonas asked with a frown. He had funded the TV show and had particularly reminded them to take care of Emily. Why did Emily still get hurt?
	"I'm no longer famous now. The company doesn't worry about me, let alone the crew. They just treat me casually,"
	said Emily, gritting her teeth. Jonas refused to believe it. A crew should take things seriously when it came to the safety issue, even for an actor doing supporting roles, not to mention for a famous actress, even if she was a little inactive now.
	"I have invested in this TV show, so I've warned them before."
	"Jonas, you know that there are many people who violate the rules and act against the practices in the entertainment circle. My company just put your money into growing some new actors. As for me, who cares?"
	Jonas couldn't tell if Emily's words were reliable or not. But Emily was seriously wounded. He looked at the medical records at the foot of her bed and found that although she was in plaster, her bones and muscles were not hurt.
	"My company doesn't treat me properly anymore. I can't get security now. I'm not getting any younger. If I get hurt again and rest for some time, they'll hide me from the public. Jonas, I need your help,"
	Emily spoke again. She had always maintained a feeling that Jonas was her supporter. In the beginning, Jonas did protect her, but since Melinda returned to the Gu's mansion, news of their love spread like wildfire.
	She had received a lot of ridicule and even coldness.
Chapter 87 For The Sake Of Childhood Memories
	There was no way Emily would accept defeat to anyone, most especially to Melinda. Jonas had always belonged to her, ever since they were mere children. Sure, she might have left him behind years ago, but she had good reason to do it.
	She was in dire straits then; he had no penny to his name. She needed someone who could help her elevate her status, and Jonas wasn’t that man yet. He wasn’t given any right to the Gu family inheritance.
	If she’d only known that Melinda would enter the picture at the time of her absence! It wasn’t even Jonas, but Nelson, who wanted to take Melinda into the family, going as far as using Jonas's right to inheritance as bait to get them to wed!
	She made the right decision by coming back just in the nick of time. But she had underestimated the old man’s stubborn resolve. She had underestimated Melinda as well, the bitch!
	And now she was on the verge of losing everything again. She could never let that happen; she knew the only person powerful enough to reverse her circumstances was Jonas.
	He had always served as her contingency plan when things got rough, and Emily was sure that this time wouldn’t be any different. After all, he came running all the way from Japan when he heard she had gotten injured.
	But when they saw each other again, and after she explained her situation, all she got was a flat and resounding refusal. "I made it thoroughly clear the last time. I wouldn’t be helping you in any way anymore."
	Jonas never was a man who got back on his word. He was firm in his resolve when he made his decision, and he would always stand by it. Besides, he had made a promise to Melinda, and that alone carried a significant weight over everything else.
	He also knew that if he would give in yet again to his childhood friend, his wife would only misunderstand his intentions. He was having a rough enough time already; he had no reason to invite further troubles into their marriage.
	"Are you being serious right now?" Emily asked incredulously. "Are you really going to be so cruel? Don’t you see that I’m being bullied? Are you just going to let this continue?"
	"What I don’t want to continue is you constantly running to me and disrupting my time with my wife! I know you well enough to know that if I help you again, it would never stop; these scenes will only keep on repeating themselves. I’ve made a promise to my wife and my grandfather, Emily. There’s no longer anything you can count on me for."
	"Jonas, how could you change so much," Emily started to sob. "You always protected me! Are you forgetting all those times, when we were still children?"
	"That was in the past. You’re not a child anymore." Jonas didn’t waver. There wasn’t much in him that Emily could still exploit anyway. She had already overstayed her welcome in his life, and for far too long, too.
	"You’ve been in the entertainment business for so long now, do you expect me to believe you never learned or gained anything to protect yourself with? It is by far one of the most ruthless industries out there."
	She recognized the cold resolve in his eyes, and it was at that time that she knew he would never fold. Emily racked her brains to find something to guilt him with, a chip, something from the past, anything.
	"All right. All right, but what about this?" She pulled out a bracelet from under her pillow. It was a simple silver chain with a single bell as its charm.
	She held it out to him with trembling hands, and her face was now streaked with unstoppable tears. A testament, perhaps, to her talents as an actress.
	Jonas's eyes narrowed sharply. Unbidden, his mind traveled back to his childhood, and hazy bits of memory played across his vision.
	He was taken back to the time when he sneaked out from the mansion. His grandfather was away that time, and nobody was keeping him under close supervision. He came upon a rather large pond, and decided he would fish in it, and bring his hunt back home as a trophy.
	Clumsy boy that he was, he slipped and fell into the water. Although it wasn’t too deep, it was deep enough that a boy his size could drown in it.
	He struggled in the water for what felt like hours, until Emily came walking by. She found a tree branch and threw it over him and she pulled the gasping boy back to land.
	He had sworn to her then that he would protect her all her life, in honor of his gratitude. He gave her the bracelet as a token of that promise.
	He came over to the hospital bed and took it from her hand. The silver still gleamed, in spite of its age. "You’ve taken good care of it," he said softly.
	He didn’t sound particularly happy, but he was no longer sounding cold and angry, and to Emily, that was a good sign. "I have always cherished this," she continued to sob. "I will never forget the moment you promised that you will protect me all my life."
	Jonas was remembering that exact moment, too. As a matter of fact, that time was always at the back of his mind all these years.
	He thought he’d done pretty well in keeping that promise. He had always defended Emily against her detractors, and even fought with his grandfather several times because of her.
	A thought suddenly came to him: it seemed like Emily spent the past several years doing anything and everything to make him cash in on that promise. His jaw clenched.
	"Jonas, they’re trying to dismiss me in the agency. They’re taking away my role from the project!
	This was no accident, I just know it. They just want to get rid of me so they could cast someone else as the heroine."
	She hung her head, and her crying started to get hysterical. He felt bad seeing her like this.
	"Jonas, I really don’t know what to do anymore. I need this project.
	Once the role is taken from me, I’ll be relegated to the ranks of the has-beens, and newcomers would just grab all the prospects that would have been mine! Please help me.
	I don’t know anyone else who can. Please. For the sake of our childhood memories."
	She looked at him with pleading eyes, perfectly projecting the character of someone who was abandoned.
	Jonas closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. After a moment he heaved a big, frustrated sigh.
	"I’m taking back this bracelet," he finally said, and that cold expression was back in his face. "This will truly be the last time I ever help you.
	For the sake of our childhood, as you asked, but you no longer hold any aces, Emily. After this you have to take care of yourself and deal with your own problems."
	As he turned to leave, he moved to pocket the bracelet, and then realized he had no pockets. He found that he was still wearing the fleece jacket, the one that was a match to Melinda’s. A couple’s outfit.
	He wondered what she was doing as he strode out of the ward. It had only been a few hours since he last saw her, but he was already missing her.
	It was late. Jonas didn’t want to worry his grandfather by suddenly showing up at the Gu's mansion, so he called William and had his secretary arrange for a hotel room.
	When he was finally off his feet, he had felt a burning urge to call his wife. He balked, though, thinking she might already be asleep at such a late hour.
	But he really wanted to hear her voice. In the end he refrained from calling her, and slept a restless sleep.
	The next day, Melinda woke up and got ready for her tour. The guide was already waiting outside, and she promptly refused his services as soon as she saw him. She was going to take her time today, and go to the places that she herself wanted to visit.
	However, instead of going to see the sights she’d never been before, she found herself wandering along the places she had previously gone to with Jonas. She was doing well by herself, she thought, all things considered.
	But Japan no longer held the same beauty for her; the country had lost its former allure. She soon packed up her bags, cut her stay short, and booked another flight back home.
	That same morning, Jonas woke up cold and alone in his hotel bed, and had William bring him his clothes for work. His sudden return brought a buzz in the company, and the employees were incessantly twittering with a nervous energy.
	"Didn’t the CEO say that he would be gone for a month?
	Why is he back so soon?" Only William—ever the cool and efficient secretary—acted as though nothing was out of the ordinary, and proceeded to update Jonas on the status of the company.
	In particular, he relayed the company’s position regarding the impending bidding. Things were looking good for Soaring Group.
	"Never underestimate them regardless," Jonas cautioned his secretary. He had a high regard of Ryan’s abilities.
	They might have met only briefly, and didn’t get to know each other really well in such a short time, but he could tell that Ryan was not a simple man. There was more to him beneath the exterior.
	Jonas was soon deep into urgent meetings, firing instructions left and right. Naturally, Nelson was notified of his grandson’s return.
	Looking forward to hearing about their honeymoon abroad, Nelson waited all day for Melinda to return to the mansion. The hours went by, and as morning turned to evening, Nelson finally dropped a call to the company.
	It was only then that he discovered Melinda was still in Japan, and that his idiot grandson had left her abruptly because that damn Emily got herself injured.
	Now he was certain that this Emily girl was a cunning, scheming witch, and that, regrettably, his grandson was a fool who was being led by his nose over and over again. Well. He wasn’t going to tolerate this anymore.
	"William, contact the head of that crew." Jonas had finally finished his meetings. It was time to deal with private matters.
	As William looked at the business card Jonas handed for him to call, he realized it was the crew that was involved in Emily’s accident.
	After keeping his composure the entire day, the unwavering secretary could no longer help himself. "Boss, are you going to lend a hand to Miss Bai?"
	"Yes." The reply was curt, and perhaps a little frustrated, and William decided not to ask for details. He hurried to see to the task at hand, and arranged for a meeting.
	Since Soaring Group was very influential, the crew members immediately responded to the meeting request.
	By late afternoon, the director and the person in charge of the whole project trickled into the reception hall.
	"Go and ask the Legal Department to go over the file that I sent you," Jonas instructed when William came to inform him of the guests’ arrival.
	"If they say there’s no problem with it, print out several copies and bring them to the conference room."
	Then he got up from his desk and put on his suit jacket. ‘Let’s just get this over with once and for all.’
	His guests were ushered into the conference room, and were served tea and water. They had been a nervous wreck since the phone call summoned them here.
	They whispered among themselves, wondering why they were asked to come. Perhaps they had done something that offended the huge conglomerate family?
	After a while the producer said, with frightened hesitation, "I heard that Emily is somehow connected to Jonas, the young master of the Gu family."
	They exchanged meaningful looks then, and jumped in their seats as the door to the room opened. Jonas strode in with such an intimidating air the two men shrank back into their seats.
	"Mr. Jonas Gu," the producer greeted him first. The director followed suit, and they gave Jonas several bows.
	Jonas only nodded at them coldly as he took a seat on the other side of the conference table. "Soaring Group wants to invest in your new project," he said without preamble.
	He gave emphasis to the name of the company as he spoke, effectively implying that this was a professional matter.
	The producer’s eyes immediately lit up. If their project had Soaring Group’s backing, it would no longer matter how much money the entire project would cost.
	They wouldn’t have to settle for cheap materials and costumes, and would instead have the chance for better quality production.
	But how could such a valuable opportunity just be handed to their crew? He eyed Jonas warily.
	"It’s extremely surprising to find out that Mr. Gu is willing to invest in our casting group. I wonder, given your interest, perhaps you have some advice to our small band of creatives?
	We will definitely do our utmost to live up to your standards."
	He had such a roundabout way of asking for Jonas’s conditions in return for the funds, but he fooled no one in the room.
	Jonas gave the man what he was asking for without wasting any more breath. "The leading actress of this play can only be Miss Emily Bai."
	The two men looked at him in shock, their jaws dropping. They had already decided to change the heroine.
	This was to be expected, of course, given the circumstances. Emily was no longer as popular as she used to be. She seemed to have lost even the favor of her own agency.
	And now she was injured; there was no way she could still be their heroine.
	But there was a lot at stake here now.
	"Mr. Gu, Miss Bai is currently injured. Our team cannot delay the production..."
	The producer tried to explain, despite his fright.
	He knew he was treading on thin ice here, but he was only stating the truth. A day’s worth of delay in shooting would cost a lot of money indeed.
Chapter 88 I Really Like You
	"You don't have to worry about the funding. Just tell me how much it costs exactly."
	Since it was such a large amount of money, the crew was taken aback for a while. They all looked hesitant at first to say the cost out loud.
	Soaring Group was obviously very well-off. If it decided to start funding this, the crew of this TV show would definitely get a lot more work done.
	"Is thirty million enough?"
	Seeing that people from the crew had been hesitating, Jonas directly told them the amount of money he could promise. The crew was so excited. Thirty million was more than enough to shoot a large-scale TV series.
	"You're giving us thirty million as long as Emily is the heroine?"
	the producer asked. Jonas nodded promptly. Even though his eyes lit up at the amount Jonas offered, he was weighing out the pros and cons. For one, they wouldn't be able to change the heroine if she didn't work out. If they did, Jonas would definitely ask for compensation for breaking the contract. On top of that, it was a whole other issue if Emily ever got injured during shooting.
	Although getting someone to support their show was great, it was still troublesome to accept the money since there were strings attached. However, despite the fact that Emily was a bit out of date, her flow was still better than amateur actresses. Besides, thirty million wasn't something anyone could walk away from exactly.
	"Well, Mr. Gu, I hope you can come to the set as often as you can to check her progress!"
	the producer said with a smile, his arms held wide open in welcome. With this, William took out the written contract and the respective parties signed.
	Afterwards, a few members of the crew went over to the hospital to tell Emily the news. Soon enough, word got out. It quickly became a trending topic on the internet that the news about the protagonist being replaced was false.
	Just like that, Emily was back under the limelight, and gained a lot of new fans. Of course, because of this, the company had to pay extra attention to the matter.
	Meanwhile, at the hospital, Emily lay on bed inside her ward. There was a gentle and polite smile on her lips as she looked at the fawning faces of the crew. In her heart, however, she kept sneering at them.
	'What a bunch of snobbish and superficial people!'
	"Emily, please get better soon. We can do nothing without our leading actress!"
	"Right. What did the doctor say? How are you doing?"
	They talked all at once, their voices overlapping with one another. Emily's hands and feet were no longer in plaster, but there was still some gauze wrapped around. As she lay in bed in her hospital gown, it was evident that she looked very weak.
	It had already been a week since she was brought in here, and yet Jonas had never paid her a visit.
	"Emily is all right now. Thank you for your concern. It's getting late now. Might I suggest having dinner at a restaurant nearby to celebrate this occasion?"
	Emily's agent quickly suggested. She saw the sour look on Emily's face, and decided that it might be best to bring the big crowd outside.
	"You're right. Emily hasn't fully recovered yet. We're still disturbing her rest. Sorry for coming out here on a whim,"
	the assistant director said. After a quick goodbye, Emily's agent left with the crew to personally accommodate them.
	Now, all that was left in the ward was Emily and her assistant. Emily closed her eyes and took a deep breath, trying to calm herself down.
	"Miss Bai, what would you like for dinner? I'll order for you."
	"Whatever,"
	Emily mumbled as she reached out for her phone. When she checked the news, she saw that there were a couple of trending news articles about her involvement with the show. Previously, the show hardly had any sort of press. Now it was quickly becoming a hot topic.
	One of the articles wrote about Emily's injury—there were even photos of her with the group of people who had just visited her.
	Another was a positive review, saying that replacing the main protagonist was clotted nonsense.
	There was one more piece of news that caught her attention. It was about Soaring Group's investment to the TV show. These pieces of news made the show a lot more popular that it actually was.
	Even though Jonas helped her as promised, Emily couldn't help but frown.
	When she tried calling Jonas, William was the one who answered the call. Like before, he came up with some reasons why Jonas couldn't come answer the phone. 'Fine,' Emily thought bitterly when she hung up. 'It's better to sleep anyway when someone doesn't want to talk to you.'
	"Miss Bai, the doctor told you not to eat spicy food, so I bought you the porridge with pork ribs. You should eat some now,"
	the assistant said as she walked back inside the ward. There was a considerate smile on her face. However, truth be told, she was somewhat afraid of Emily. She tried to be respectful around her as much as possible, a hint of fear always lingering in her voice and expression.
	Before she started working for Emily, she ate up all the rumors saying that Emily was nice and sweet. When she finally became her assistant, it was only then that she realized that everyone had been deceived.
	Emily's mood was oftentimes unpredictable—when it wasn't, she was just straight out cruel.
	Meanwhile, Nelson had just gotten the news that Jonas had invested a large sum of money under the company's name. He immediately called for Gavin to arrange a car to send him to the company. "Make sure Melinda doesn't know about this," he added in a low voice.
	In Soaring Group, Nelson and Jonas sat face to face in the CEO office.
	Even though Nelson was old and less spirited than he was during his youth, his eyes were as sharp as ever.
	In fact, the similarity between grandfather and grandson was quite evident, especially when it came to their temperament.
	"Pull out the money you invested on that TV show, Jonas."
	"Please stay out of this, Grandpa."
	Jonas had his reasons for doing what he did. Right now, he did not want to explain himself. He had predicted that Nelson would try to stop him. Because of this, he gave the money as soon as the contract was signed to seal the deal.
	"You bastard! You still stood up for that woman! Look at what you have done! You left Melinda alone in Japan and came back to help Emily?! What did you expect from her? You promised to protect Melinda, but you betrayed her at such an early time. Do you really want to make everyone suffer?"
	Nelson's words were full of righteous indignation. He pointed at Jonas with his trembling finger as he glared down at him with anger.
	Upon mentioning Melinda's name, the unyielding expression on Jonas's face finally softened. 'No. I'm sure that Melinda would understand,' he thought.
	"Grandpa, this is the last time I will help her."
	"Don't say that! You've said that last time. Now look where you are now! You've spent thirty million on that woman! Jonas, if you are a responsible man, don't get involved with Emily. Just take care of your wife.
	What kind of man leaves his woman behind like that? If anything happens to Melinda, you will regret it!"
	Nelson had totally lost all of his trust towards Jonas. This time, Melinda was robbed by someone when she was traveling alone in Japan. It was fortunate that she just lost a little money.
	"I have arranged a guide to accompany her. Besides, I plan to explain everything to her when the time comes."
	"Well, at least you're planning to talk to her. Now I just want you to withdraw your offer from the show,"
	Nelson said. He was shrewd. For a second, he even considered whether he should send Emily to another country, but decided against it.
	"Grandpa, I have already given money to them."
	Hearing this, Nelson beamed widely. "Good for you!" he said, his voice full of sarcasm. "Now pack your stuff and go home. You are suspended!"
	The look in Jonas's eyes changed slightly, but he said nothing. He went back to his seat quietly to pack up his things, which made Nelson even angrier.
	What the hell had Emily done to his grandson? It should be known that Jonas compromised a lot for the position of heir.
	But now he gave up everything for Emily.
	Did it mean that Emily was more important than the inheritance?
	The news that Jonas was suspended was not widely known by many. It was as if he had some other matters to deal with and was just out on a business trip.
	Nelson's assistant had been standing by his side the entire time. He was in shock at what had just happened.
	"Mr. Nelson, you have suspended the CEO. What about all the work that needs—"
	"Designate them to other people. Is Soaring Group unable to operate without Jonas around?"
	Given his age, Nelson was not capable of handling the business of such a big group, and he could only deal with a few hours of work every day at most.
	After taking a glance at Nelson, the assistant wanted to speak out his thoughts, but ended up deciding against it. What he wanted to tell Nelson was that suspending Jonas may not cause any problems any time soon, but it would cause great repercussions in the long run.
	Meanwhile, the crew working on the TV show was not completely blinded by the large amount of money they just incurred. As early as now, they started to shoot scenes that did not include Emily so that they would not waste any time.
	A week later, Emily was discharged from the hospital, and went to work on set. Everyone in the casting group treated her well. She was like a moon surrounded by a myriad of stars. The director had specially told the others to serve Emily with great care.
	Although the director agreed Emily to be the heroine, he personally asked the scriptwriter to cut down the number of Emily's shots.
	On the third day, there was a promotion meeting held by the crew. After much thought, Emily took the opportunity to contact Jonas.
	"Jonas, thank you for helping me. I was actually wondering if I could invite you to the promotion meeting we're having later."
	Several other investors would be there, and since Jonas was the largest donor, he would definitely get a lot of attention.
	"No, thanks."
	"Jonas, I just want to thank you,"
	she crooned, not expecting to be refused so crudely.
	"Emily, I don't need your thanks. And this is the last time I give you any sort of help. I owed you my life for saving me when I was a child, and now that debt is paid. We are done."
	The phone in her hand trembled as panic washed over her. All the excitement she had earlier had completely gone. If Jonas was no longer a part of her life, she would have nothing.
	'No,' she thought determinedly, 'I'm not going to let this happen!'
	"That's a part of your life now, Jonas. You can't just expect it to go away like that!"
	"Yes, I can. I don't want to contact with you anymore. My wife doesn't like it."
	The past was a part of one's life experience. But so what? Nothing good would come out of living in the past for the rest of your life.
	Just as before, he had never thought that he would actually fall in love with Melinda.
	"Jonas, don't be like this, okay? How can I forget about you now? You're the only one I've really loved ever since I was young! How do you think I can keep my distance with you now that we've become so close?
	I'll do anything you want me to do. Just... please. Don't tell me to leave you."
	Emily leaned against the wall, feeling exhausted and drained all of a sudden. A vague feeling of uneasiness came through her as she felt that Jonas might be truly slipping away from her.
	"My decision is final,"
	said Jonas. He would have cut off from Emily long ago, but wasn't able to because of the love and gratitude he had for her when he was a child.
	"I really like you..."
Chapter 89 Childhood Sweetheart
	The woman sounded depressed but Jonas was unmoved by her words. If he was the same guy that he was a couple of years ago, who knew nothing about love, he would have fallen for her tricks. But he was different now.
	If Jonas was truly in love with Emily, he wouldn't have remained calm.
	"I won't be attending the promotion meeting. I've already arranged everything and I've asked the casting group to prioritize you over others. I'm going to promote you and I've repaid my debt to you as well."
	Jonas heaved a sigh of relief and disconnected the call before Emily could say another word. He had been confused about his feelings but he was clear now. A smile tugged at the corners of his lips when he thought of Melinda.
	He couldn't wait to see her beautiful face and her magnetic smile that had the power to heal everything.
	Melinda was sitting on the small yard of the villa with paintings of Japanese cherry blossoms scattered everywhere.
	The faint sunlight bounced off her body, emitting a subtle glow. She looked peaceful as the wind ruffled her hair.
	Jonas walked into the yard and looked at Melinda intently, trying to study her expression.
	"What made you paint today?"
	Melinda jerked when she heard Jonas's voice. The little flaws in the paintings irked Melinda. She glanced at Jonas, crumpled the painting into a ball, and threw it away.
	Jonas understood that Melinda was still angry. He knew that it would take some time before she became normal.
	Emily's face turned red with anger when Jonas disconnected the call. She gritted her teeth and threw the phone that collided with the floor and shattered into pieces. The assistant flinched and patiently waited for Emily's anger to subside. She quietly picked the pieces and cleaned the floor.
	"Miss Bai, we are going for the promotion meeting tonight. Should I call the stylist?" the assistant asked, swallowing her fear.
	"Yeah."
	Emily was a sensible woman. She decided to make use of the TV show to gain popularity.
	After perfecting the makeup and clicking a few pictures of herself, Emily went for the promotion meeting with the crew. Once the meeting was over, Emily attended the party. She found that almost all the investors were present, except for Jonas.
	Emily's boss also attended the party to greet the director.
	"Oh, I need to thank Emily for making a huge investment for my play. This play would not have possible without the investment of, 30 million dollars, by Soaring Group. I would like to propose a toast to Emily."
	The director grinned, raised the glass of wine, and downed the contents in one big gulp. Emily took a sip of the drink as her boss eyed her with confusion.
	The director inched forward. "What's the relationship between Emily and Jonas? He's always there to support her," he asked, whispering in the boss's ear.
	The boss didn't have an answer to his question, so he smiled awkwardly.
	Emily was distracted during the party but she felt that it was a great chance to show off that she played a big role in Jonas's life.
	She intentionally made vague statements about their relationship, giving a chance for the media to cook up interesting stories. Emily's plan seemed to work as the information piqued the interest of her company's PR department.
	The next day, news and gossip about Emily flooded on Weibo.
	"Why did Soaring Group invest thirty million dollars on a TV show?"
	"Are Emily Bai and Jonas Gu the new hottest couple?"
	"Childhood sweethearts who have taken the internet by storm."
	The PR department of the company that Emily worked for drafted numerous copies about Emily and Jonas. The company deliberately mentioned the thirty million dollars that Jonas had invested and thanked him for extending his support to Emily.
	The PR department did a commendable job in crafting sensational news about Jonas and Emily. They made sure to add public opinion to the stories. They would churn Emily's ambiguous statements into juicy articles.
	The news about Emily and Jonas was one of the top ten pieces of sensational news.
	Emily was a famous star, and Jonas was the mysterious heir of Soaring Group. They were the talk of the town and everyone wanted to find out who Jonas was.
	Emily had taken the internet by storm. Her fans, haters, and just about everyone seemed to talk about her probable relationship with Jonas.
	Everyone began to look for interesting gossip about Emily and her fame rose to another level.
	The company was happy with the result and the operational department had made an exclusive plan to increase Emily's fame in China.
	Emily's house was besieged by reporters. They didn't spare Soaring Group either. Fortunately, they didn't gather around the Gu's mansion.
	Many entertainment programs began to invite Emily as their guest.
	Her agent specifically asked Emily to attend a popular program that could potentially lift her stardom.
	William was worried. He didn't know how to handle the commotion. Jonas had cut all contacts with him and William couldn't find him anywhere. Moreover, the hawk-eyed reporters were waiting to get a glimpse of Jonas.
	Since everyone was interested in Emily, the crew of the program asked the original guest to wait and roped her in for the first session.
	She was wearing a pink dress and white shoes as her silky hair cascaded down her shoulders. Emily looked like a sweet, innocent girl.
	The crowd broke into thunderous applause as soon as she entered the stage. The host walked into the stage and greeted her. "Wow, look at you. You have all smiles for us."
	"There are many people who love and support me, of course I'll be happy."
	Emily's words made her fans scream with joy. Her male fans were particularly excited. "I love you, goddess," a group shouted.
	The atmosphere was hot and the host ushered Emily to take a seat. The first set of questions was basic, formal questions about her, followed by a quick round of Q&A.
	The host asked tricky questions but Emily was prepared and answered confidently. Everyone was mesmerized by her wit and charm.
	"This is perhaps the most exciting question. I'm sure all of you are eager, as much as I am, to know the answer." The host smiled and winked at the audience before turning to look at Emily. "What basic qualities do you look for in a partner or do you already have a boyfriend?"
	This was the most anticipated question in every talk show. Almost every celebrity gave diplomatic answers but fans continued to spread rumors, linking them with another big star.
	"I like honest, mature men who make me feel secure. I'm like a little child around loved ones and I want my partner to spoil me with love."
	Emily bit her lip as her face flustered with embarrassment. "We can spoil you," the audiences chorused, making her laugh.
	"Look at how happy you are. Emily, many happy girls like you are spoiled by their parents. Is that the case with you as well?" the host asked.
	"Jonas has always protected me since I was a child. He has always been there for me." Emily smiled.
	The host's face lit up as her answer was the highlight of the show. He knew that Emily's statement would increase the views. He took advantage of her answer and probed further, "Are you talking about Mr. Gu, the heir of Soaring Group?"
	"Yes, we practically grew up together and have been best friends since childhood. I left the country to start my career but I'm here now. Nothing has changed our relationship."
	"That sounds wonderful, Emily. Could you tell us more about your childhood?"
	"Sure."
	"Awesome, tell us something we don't know," the host said.
	The camera zoomed into Emily's face, capturing her expression. She was smiling fondly as her mind raced back in time.
	"I met him when we were young. I was the naughty one but he was always calm and composed like a mature man. Some of the kids were afraid of approaching him but I've always been fond of him."
	Emily had already prepared the speech and continued to passionately tell the audience about her childhood. Her company had asked her to talk about it. Emily decided to disclose only the important information as their friendship dated back to when they were kids and it would take forever to reveal every detail about it.
	She continued to talk about how they had grown up together, influencing each other's lives. Later, Emily had left the country to expand her horizons and develop new skills.
	She also spoke about her injury and how Jonas had flown back to China to see her, even though he was on a business trip. She made sure to tell everyone that he had invested thirty million dollars to ensure her safety.
	"Looks like Jonas is a sweetheart even though he has a cold demeanor. Now, even I'm curious to find out what he looks like," the host joked.
	Emily pursed her lips and began to describe his looks, chuckling shyly.
	"Are you shy, Emily? Okay, let's move on to the next segment: Photo album of stars."
	This was the fan's favorite segment. Although people always checked millions of pictures of their favorite celebrity online, this segment bridged the gap between fans and their idols.
	Emily's phone gallery was displayed on the big screen. The first picture surprised the fans. It was a picture of Emily when she was little with a cute boy beside her.
	He looked at the camera with a grumpy look on his face.
	"Is this Mr. Gu?" the host asked curiously.
	The host's prompter blared as he heard the news about the increased views of the show. The crew instructed him to catch the hot point.
	"Well, that's a photo from our childhood."
	That one picture spoke a million words, proving her relationship with Jonas. There were many pictures of the two where Jonas frowned in most of them.
	The last segment was rather dull. They talked about Emily's future projects. By the end of the show, the viewership of the program was similar to that of popular shows that featured renowned celebrities.
	The internet exploded with gossip about Emily. The pictures of her and Jonas became viral. Everyone felt that they made a perfect match. Some of them envied Jonas for stealing their dream girl.
	Jonas's private life had become public as fans seemed to spread information about him on the internet.
	The paparazzi became more curious and continued to track Jonas. They knew that a snippet of his face would cost them a fortune.
	Nelson didn't want to tell the news to Melinda and upset her. But with the advancement of technology, the news reached Melinda's ears in a matter of minutes. She watched the show at home.
	She had seen the childhood pictures of Jonas and Emily. He wore a poker face in most of the pictures, except for the ones he was with Emily.
	Not many would have noticed this but Melinda couldn't miss this detail.
	Melinda was aware that they had grown up together but she was hearing the story about their friendship for the first time. Emily's version of the story seemed illogical to her.
	The news of the couple hadn't died down yet. People came with different news and theories every day. Jonas's every move was linked with Emily, while Melinda, his lawfully wedded wife, stayed at home all day.
Chapter 90 A Cyber Manhunt
	A City was a commercial city with buildings tall and vast in every direction you turned your head to. Located at the center of the busy district was Soaring Group's headquarters. Their enormous building stood out for every citizen to see, towering over the people as if to demonstrate its symbol of power that made everyone do whatever it took to be part of the company.
	The media currently crowded the entrance of Soaring Group's building. They were all waiting excitedly as a car entered the driveway with Jonas in it.
	The car screeched to a halt just as the security stepped out in front to make a path for Jonas the moment he got out of the car. His cold eyes surveyed the surroundings carefully.
	Straightening out his suit, he strutted his way into the company while cameras flashed from all directions as his back turned against them. Even if they didn't get particular news about him, being able to get a decent photo of Jonas was good enough material for the media.
	They seemed to be a bit too lively this morning. The security guards soon attempted to clear up the area while the others dealt with them, forcing the media to delete the photos of Jonas that they had managed to take.
	The reporters who were officially invited eagerly proceeded to enter Soaring Group, receiving envious looks from those who had been left behind.
	Nelson allowed the PR department to fully cooperate with Jonas as he held a press conference with the condition that he should be able to explain the circulating rumor and defend Melinda.
	The PR manager stood curtly next to Jonas while he discreetly reported the current situation to him.
	"Boss, here's the script for you to review while you rest in the lounge," he informed Jonas. Jonas took a quick glance over to the piece of parchment the manager had taken out from his bag. He ignored him and gave him an unconcerned look. "No need."
	The script was too formal.
	At exactly nine o'clock, the press conference finally began. Back at home, Melinda did her best to control herself, but she wasn't able to resist changing the channel of the TV to the live broadcast of the interview. As soon as she flipped the switch, a familiar handsome face on the screen greeted her.
	The camera zoomed into Jonas. Although his solemn expression looked like an old official, his appearance looked flawless.
	Melinda stared dreamily at the screen as she murmured to herself, "He looks much more handsome in person."
	The reporters began to ask the routine questions. When the subject regarding Emily finally came, the room was met with dead silence.
	"The purpose for this press conference today is to inform everyone that I am now married and my wife's name is Melinda Mo."
	Jonas did not need to move close to the microphone since his voice was loud and clear enough for everyone to hear. Instead, he simply crossed his hands and rested them on the table.
	Jonas's voice was deep and powerful, and Melinda even saw him smiling.
	A lot of comments soon erupted from Emily's fans. Everyone wanted to know who this person named Melinda was.
	Even though some of the reporters tried to extract information about her identity, Jonas was not willing to reveal anything.
	After the press conference ended, the internet was in an uproar. Emily's staff were completely caught off guard over Jonas's stunt. The PR department held an urgent meeting and decided to hire someone to take control over the public's opinion.
	"Who is this person named Melinda? Mr. Gu and our Emily were childhood sweethearts. How did this woman manage to steal his heart while Emily was abroad?"
	"Melinda is a scheming bitch. She even tricked Emily into going abroad and deceived Mr. Gu. Shit, how could this woman be so disgusting?"
	"This has been happening for a while and Melinda hasn't come forward yet. I guess she might be scheming from behind the scenes."
	"..."
	The people who were paid to spread malicious gossip posted a lot of comments that were completely getting out of hand. Everyone rallied to Emily's side, thinking that Melinda was a bitch who sabotaged her relationship with Jonas.
	One should not underestimate the ability of the internet and the people in it. The moment Melinda's information was published, a bunch of people commented a lot of harsh words to defame her.
	"If this is the case, let us take down the novel first," Melinda said over the phone.
	"Okay, let's wait till the storm passes. Maybe you should take a break for a while," the editor responded from the other end.
	The editor started to work frantically on removing both of Melinda's novels. To say that she was surprised was an understatement. She did not expect that the writer she was working with turned out to be the wife of the CEO of Soaring Group.
	This was indeed a real life version of a romance novel.
	As soon as Melinda hung up, the phone started ringing again. She stared at the screen with a confused expression as it showed a local number. The moment she answered the call, a woman angrily shouted at her.
	She groaned as she hastily ended the call. Now they were even able to get a hold of her phone number.
	She turned off her phone and threw it aside as she sat there on the sofa, motionless. Since Melinda's number was now unable to reach, the furious netizens resorted to sending her messages instead.
	She blinked her eyes after a couple of minutes and finally stood up from her seat. Turning on the computer and acting as if nothing had happened, she decided to look for a comedy movie in an attempt to lighten up her mood to no avail.
	As soon as Jonas returned home from the press conference, he received some scolding from Nelson.
	"Can't you even handle this properly? Suspending you seemed to be the right decision after all," the old man said.
	Nelson took it upon himself to hire someone to take care of the mess on the internet. However, even though they had managed to shut down the accounts of the people who were spreading malicious comments, they were unsuccessful with stopping the current rage entirely.
	"Grandpa, how is Melinda doing?"
	Jonas shifted all of his attention to Melinda the moment he heard that her contact information had been exposed online. He had a dark aura surrounding him that it almost frightened the old man.
	"Oh, finally remembering to care for your wife?" Nelson nodded his head towards the direction of the room. "She is in the study.
	I'm very disappointed on how you handled this matter," the old man reprimanded.
	Nelson let out a deep sigh. Even though he knew that Jonas was resourceful enough and could find ways to get out of this mess, the damage was too big for him to handle this time.
	It was obvious that Emily's company was using Jonas for publicity and anyone rational enough could see that clearly.
	Feeling guilty, Jonas hurried to see Melinda as soon as possible.
	He somewhat felt secretly relieved when he heard the noises from the movie playing in the background, but when he quietly pushed the door open, he was greeted by Melinda staring blankly at the screen with a vacant expression.
	He felt like a lump had just formed in his throat.
	"Mellie," he faltered.
	Jonas approached her very carefully. He was afraid that he might be disturbing her.
	"Mellie, are you okay?"
	His expression was filled with concern. He kept his eyes on Melinda, not missing even the slight changes in her demeanor.
	"Don't bother reading the comments on the internet. All of them are not true."
	Jonas didn't know what to say. He was very eloquent when it came to business matters, yet he seemed at a loss for words in front of Melinda. He badly wanted to comfort her, yet he had no idea how to do it.
	"What they said was true. You and Emily were childhood sweethearts. I just came into the picture because of Grandpa and ruined your relationship."
	She slowly turned her head towards his direction. "Don't worry, though. Once you get your inheritance, we'll finally be able to get a divorce and I'll be quietly leaving by then."
	"You know that's not what I meant, Mellie. It was an accident," he reassured her.
	"You don't have to explain anything, Jonas. I understand. I'm not in the mood to hear about it and it's not my business anyway," she snapped.
	The two started to raise their voices. Melinda refused to believe that this was all an accident. She knew that this was carefully planned for a while.
	How was Jonas not able to see it? It was an obvious trap.
	"Mellie, I have nothing to do with her," Jonas said.
	"Do you think I'm a child?" She clenched her jaw, trying to control herself. "It doesn't matter. You could leave me in Japan and return to China to help her. Just give up the inheritance you've always wanted for her."
	Melinda's eyes were filled with resentment. She didn't utter a single word during this time, yet it didn't mean that she had nothing to say.
	She originally planned to leave after everything was over, but she underestimated her feelings for Jonas and hadn't expected to care for him so much.
	"Mellie, please let me explain. I didn't mean to hurt you. I'm so sorry, this is all my fault," Jonas murmured.
	She could see the guilt in his eyes as he gently placed his hands on her shoulders. His touch wasn't heavy, but it was enough to push Melinda pass her limits.
	"When we were little, I accidentally fell into the water. It was Emily who saved me. To return the favor, I gave her a token for her to use when she needed my help. She chose to use the token this time and I couldn't turn back on my promise. We have never been in touch after this matter, though," he explained.
	Jonas decided to tell Melinda the truth of their past as soon as he saw her calm down. Her heart ached for him as she thought of a young Jonas drowning.
	Her dislike for Emily was suddenly gone.
	"Mr. Gu," she teased shyly, "you are such a romantic man, even going as far as using a token."
	Melinda felt nervous, yet she couldn't help but made fun of him. Jonas tried to change the topic because he knew he was at fault.
	"Back in Japan, I left without saying goodbye. That was my fault. It was already late that time and I knew you were tired, so I had no choice but to return alone. I'm sorry," he revealed.
	Melinda stared back at him. "Why didn't you ask about my opinion, then?"
	Realization dawned upon him. Now he understood why they kept on fighting all the time.
	He never once thought of asking Melinda's opinion whenever he made decisions.
	"I'll make it up to you. I'll change myself and try to ask for your opinion more often."
	"How do you plan to deal with this matter?" Melinda asked.
	She hastily changed the topic, indicating that she had accepted Jonas's apology.
	Jonas realized that Melinda wasn't just annoyed with all the comments about her on the internet. She was actually scared.
	In Melinda's eyes, she had always thought that she stole Jonas away from Emily. Now that her relationship with Jonas was out in public, she started to fear for her safety.
	"I'll be needing your help. We are going to attend the press conference together," Jonas answered.
	Her eyes widened a little while she slowly nodded. As long as Jonas was with her, they would be able to get through this ordeal.
Chapter 91 Clarification
	When the next press conference was called for, Melinda put all her chips on the line like a seasoned gambler sure of her victory. Husband and wife appeared together as they took their seats.
	"Let me make the introductions," Jonas started. "Everyone, this is my wife, Melinda."
	"Hello, everyone." Melinda smiled warmly at the crowd. They laid their linked hands on the table, and the diamond ring on her left finger caught the raging flashes of the camera.
	The conference commenced.
	"I know there have been various speculations on the internet about my relationship with Miss Emily Bai," Jonas said.
	The room quieted. He had decided to take the bull by the horns, and didn’t wait for the press to ask their questions before diving right into the issue.
	"I will clarify this for you for the last time. Miss Bai and I were playmates in childhood. The love of my life is right here beside me." He turned to look at Melinda, and the cameras went wild again.
	"I will not stand for my wife getting slandered and maligned by strangers who know nothing about our lives and only have too much time on their hands.
	If the ugly rumors do not stop after this, I will not hesitate to use legal means to give pursuit to the defamers."
	The authority in Jonas's voice sent a chill to everyone who listened. There was no mistaking the man’s serious attitude regarding attacks against his wife.
	The members of the press twittered among themselves, and then suddenly a murmur of praises for the couple circled around.
	After such a revelation, only fools would still think that the rumors were true, let alone think of spreading it even further. They knew all too well their careers would be over if they crossed the Gu family.
	However, nobody knew of the "fake" members of the press that Emily’s team had planted in the conference. Their only purpose for being in attendance was to sow conflict and doubt, and reaffirm the rumors between Emily and Jonas.
	And one of them was now raising his hand to pose his question. "Mr. Gu, this is your second press conference. All this time, we’ve only ever heard from you. Miss Bai has yet to tell her side of the story.
	Why do you seem so eager to put a stop to the inquiries before she could do so? Are there perhaps secrets that you are anxious might leak into the public?"
	Before anyone could even react to that, another of Emily’s cahoots shot a question. "There have also been talks that you and your wife didn’t actually get along well for many years. And this is the first time that you appeared together and acknowledged her in public.
	One can’t help but think it’s a little bit staged. Aren’t you just forcing yourselves to display your so-called affections to the media?"
	"Forced?" It was Melinda, and her sudden interjection obviously took the press aback. "Do you really think Jonas is the kind of person who would settle down when he is being pressured to do something he doesn’t want?"
	Beside her, Jonas was quiet, and his face bore no emotion. But his grip tightened around his wife’s hand.
	Melinda gave him a little nudge, and he turned to look at her. When he did, the cold wall melted, and his face took on a gentle and warm expression.
	He smiled down at his wife, and when he looked ahead to address the press once more, his tone was much calmer. "I believe Miss Bai will explain it all very clearly very soon."
	Meanwhile, at that moment, Emily was cooped up in their agency with her assistant. Her team had come up with a plan to use the rumor mill to take advantage of Jonas.
	They had no intentions whatsoever to make a statement to the press, and instead would milk the hype for all that it was worth. Publicity was publicity, no matter the form.
	Emily’s assistant was always up to date with all the buzz in the internet. That being the case, it didn’t take long for her to find out that something happened in Jonas's press conference. Something that was going to cause the agency problems. "Some of the fans and netizens are now in favor of Melinda," she told Emily. "Although the online trolls we hired still have a sway on the public opinion, they probably wouldn’t be able to keep it up for long.
	We’ll have to make a press release and devise a script that would imply there are some truths to the rumors."
	The actress only nodded in assent. She had no qualms in taking such a drastic step. Before she could get excited over the impending publicity, however, she received a call from Jonas.
	"Emily." He didn’t bother with pleasantries, and his tone was curt and authoritative. "Deal with the media immediately." She gripped her phone tightly and bit her lower lip. She could feel herself shaking a little, her emotions a mix of anger and humiliation. "I don’t know what you mean."
	"Don’t play dumb with me. I know you know exactly what I mean." Emily scrambled for an excuse. Jonas had yet to threaten her, but she could already feel the heavy pressure of his intent.
	"No, I’m serious. I’ve been too busy shooting." Her eyes fell on her assistant. "My assistant hasn’t told me anything yet because I’ve been so busy and tired these past few days. Don’t worry, I’ll make sure to ask her lat—"
	"Is that so?" Jonas's tone had taken deadly calm over the phone. "It seems like you have too many projects in your hands. Perhaps I should take some of it off, so you can take care of this matter like I’m telling you to?"
	Emily paled. There was no mistake now; the threat was that he was going to pull out his investments if she continued with the rumors.
	He no longer believed anything she said, and Emily doubted that she could still persuade him if she talked about their past.
	"I understand," she bit out her words. "I’ll explain to the media."
	"Good. A piece of advice, Emily: you’d better make your explanations clear and precise, and soon, too. Otherwise, there’s no telling what other things the media could dig up. They might even find out you’re not as perfect as your public image suggests."
	Emily’s breath hitched at his last sentence. She really couldn’t trifle with this man anymore.
	He had the power to not only take away her current projects, but keep her out of the entertainment industry altogether.
	She closed her eyes in defeat, and took a deep breath. She had to bite the bullet. "I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, Jonas. I never meant for this to happen. I’ll clear this out with the media immediately."
	No words were exchanged after that; he had hung up the phone. Emily paced back and forth long after the call ended.
	She felt suffocated; all at once the world came crashing around her, and all her favorable options flew out the window. Whatever might happen in the future, her only salvation now would be to remove herself from Jonas's enemy list.
	Before the day ended, she uploaded a video on Weibo that refuted the rumors. She made sure to mention that she had been busy with her projects, and implied that she was unaware just how big the story had blown up online.
	Regardless, she made a somewhat public apology to Melinda, and at the same time apologized for her fans for their cyber-attacks on Jonas's wife.
	As things stood then, she could not afford to lose any amount of support; she had to make sure she didn’t offend anyone any further, especially among the involved parties.
	Her apology video garnered many views, and was shared around the internet countless times. Pretty soon, netizens on various online forums were apologizing to Melinda.
	Some even praised the relationship between Melinda and Jonas. And thus, the crisis passed smoothly. More or less. Emily’s agency was angered by her Weibo video. They had been riding on the publicity brought by the rumors after all.
	"What do you want me to do?" Emily screamed at them when the management called for her. "If I didn’t make that damn video, the show wouldn’t have thirty million dollars, and your stupid agency would lose one of its biggest-earning stars!"
	This situation only served to increase the tension that had long existed between Emily and the agency.
	"Enough! I don’t want to hear this stuff! If there’s nothing else, I need to get back to my shoot. I advise you not to pursue this matter with me, or you’ll find yourselves in an extremely regrettable predicament."
	Emily had been quite popular recently, due to the number of projects she landed, added to the publicity of the rumors. She had fame at her disposal, and she’d be damned if she didn’t use that to her advantage.
	Losing her connections with Jonas would probably have a big impact on her popularity afterwards, but she would never take it down lying.
	Her mind was already working furiously on the way back to the set, calculating the possibilities. It was dark by the time she got there, and all the shit she had to deal with that day showed on her face.
	"Emily, are you okay? You don’t look so good." It was one of the young emerging actors, who was working on the same project, only he was represented by another company. He had a gentle and caring image, and was very popular among the younger audiences.
	Now he was looking at Emily with eyes full of concern. This was the opportunity she was looking for. If she was linked romantically with this guy, she knew she would have better chances at maintaining her popularity, perhaps gaining even more of it.
	She lowered her lashes, feigning distress. "I guess I caught a cold, but I’m fine. Thank you for your concern." She gave him a coy smile and batted her eyes subtly.
	"I saw what went on in the Internet. Don’t worry too much about it. Clean hands need no washing. I believe you."
	They smiled at each other: he in comfort, she in triumph. He never recognized the cunning that lurked behind her eyes.
	When the press conference was over, Jonas and Melinda returned to the Gu's mansion together. Melinda quickly went over to her daily tasks, and Jonas would pop in every now and then for the most trivial things. It didn’t take long for her feel uncomfortable.
	"Jonas, don’t you have other things to do?" Although he was suspended from his position, he still had many business matters that needed seeing to.
	"Nothing particularly urgent," came his breezy reply. He sat next to her on the sofa and brought his face closer to hers, brushing her ear as he whispered. "Isn’t this great? I have so much time now, I can spend it all on you."
	His tiny breaths as he spoke sent shivers along Melinda’s body, making her think inappropriate thoughts. She could feel her face get hot, and out of the blue Jonas poked her cheek with his forefinger.
	She jumped at the contact, and whipped her head to look at him. He was staring at her intently with a kind of raw hunger. She watched as his Adam’s apple bobbed up and down a couple of times.
	"I..." she breathed, and his gaze fell on her mouth. "I have something else to do." She stood up abruptly, dropping the book she was reading. "You’re welcome to stay in the villa by yourself." She hurriedly walked out of the room, leaving Jonas chuckling to himself.
	As soon as she was out of her villa, her strides slowed. She paused for a minute to catch her breath and fan herself.
	"Calm down, Melinda. You need to calm down." She patted her face several times, took more deep breaths, and then headed towards the main villa.
	She found Nelson playing chess with one of his business associates. Melinda stood quietly by until they finished their set, and the guest left.
	When they were alone, she walked over behind the old man and gave him a light shoulder massage. He had been stiff as he had sat playing for quite some time, and he settled comfortably as she kneaded his shoulders. "Grandpa, there’s something I would like to discuss with you."
	The old man grinned at her sly tactics. "You little girl, you know how to butter me up before asking, don’t you? What is it, then? Let’s hear it."
	"Grandpa, do you think you could reinstate Jonas back at the company."
	At that, Nelson turned around and gave her a look. "No way." He had made up his mind to teach his idiot grandson a lesson, and he was going to see it through to the end.
	Melinda made him look forward again and continued her massage. "Grandpa, you don’t understand. He’s here all day, disturbing me and... and before long he’ll be disturbing you, too. And he's really annoying."
	Melinda cringed at her own words, but she really had nothing to back up her request. She knew that if she told the truth, that her husband’s constant presence was unsettling her—and not in a bad way—she would never hear the end of it. "Grandpa, you need him back at the company to deal with the business."
	Nelson turned to look at her again, this time with an eyebrow raised. "Did he ask you to come here and try to persuade me? Come on, don’t be afraid. Tell me the truth."
	Melinda heaved a long sigh. "No, Grandpa. I came here myself. It’s just... well, he’s already handled the issue with the rumors, and we’re no longer having any troubles. Grandpa, please give him back his position."
	Jonas had been effectively flirting and seducing her ever since they got back to the mansion. Already, she was buckling under the pressure of just a few hours. If it kept up for a few more days, there was no way she could ever resist.
	"Are you sure he didn’t make you do this?" Nelson cocked his head to the side, still doubtful.
	Melinda nodded furiously. "He has no idea I even came to you. Don’t worry about me Grandpa. Just promise, please, to let him go back to the company. If you really want to punish him, think of it this way: he would owe me this favor, and I can use it as payback to him in the future."
	She waited expectantly for his answer. Nelson didn’t give her a solid answer besides a vague "I'll think about it."
	Pondering for a few minutes, the old man asked Gavin to bring Jonas to his study. As soon as Jonas came into his study, Nelson said to him, "Make sure to be loyal to Melinda in the future."
Chapter 92 Retouch
	Then Nelson didn't make any specific arrangements for the couple and kicked them out of the study.
	It wasn't a desperate issue that needed any fixation. So, Melinda left with Jonas. She was silent on her way back to their villa. Leonard had sent a cat from the countryside as a gift for Melinda. It was a fluffy, happy kitten that made Melinda happy.
	"Momo, be quiet," she said.
	The cat lifted its head lazily and looked at Melinda with its big watery eyes. It purred softly, licked its paw, and curled itself as it lay under the warm sun.
	Jonas was seeing the cat for the first time. He stepped closer and extended his arm to touch it but the cat flew into a rage and jumped away.
	Melinda was seeing the cat only now after she had met him first. The cat had returned after being vaccinated and having a haircut.
	"You frightened the cat."
	Melinda scowled at Jonas. She stepped closer to Momo, squatted, and ruffled its fluffy hair. She smiled at how cute it looked.
	Momo stared at Melinda with its big eyes and walked slowly towards her. Its haughty look amused Jonas and he couldn't help laughing. His laughter scared Momo as it took a step back and stared at the two of them with frightened eyes.
	"Jonas!"
	Every time Melinda tried getting closer to the cat, Jonas did something or other, driving it away. She glared at Jonas with frustration. Jonas realized the similarity between the cat and Melinda was uncanny. She was looking like a wild cat, waiting to pounce on him.
	After a lot of time and effort, Melinda found the cat with the help of the servants. She picked up the cat and rubbed her cheek against its fluffy cheeks as Momo's whiskers tickled her.
	"Momo is a lovely cat."
	Melinda couldn't stop smiling when she was with the cat. She pulled the phone from her pocket and asked the servant to take pictures of her with the cat. Momo snuggled comfortably against Melinda's chest and closed its eyes.
	Jonas watched everything from a distance. Melinda sat on the stone bench, under the tree, with the cat in her arms. She was happily cuddling and playing with the cat. The warm sunlight cast a soft shadow on her face.
	Melinda had a strange feeling that someone was looking at her. She lifted her head and saw a lonely figure, leaning against the wall. It was Jonas. He was wearing a casual gray T-shirt and track pants, smiling at her.
	Melinda spent the entire afternoon playing with the cat and fell asleep on the stone table. Momo curled up on her lap and slept peacefully.
	Jonas walked closer to Melinda. Momo snapped its eyes open and snarled at him. It began to purr incessantly, alerting Melinda.
	"Momo doesn't like you. Better stay away from me," Melinda mumbled in her sleep.
	She slowly opened her eyes and saw Jonas. She picked Momo and went back to her study. Jonas quietly followed her like a protective guardian. Melinda couldn't help but smile.
	All the taunts and hate comments gradually disappeared after Emily made the clarification. The editor contacted Melinda and asked her to prepare an update.
	Melinda's novel was back on track. The system ruled out the bad score from Emily's fans and everything was back to normal.
	The novel was Melinda's one of the most popular books and was about to reach the climax. Melinda was busy preparing the manuscripts, figuring out all the probable endings. But she couldn't decide how she wanted her story to end.
	Melinda decided to write more, without taking breaks until she was satisfied with the finale.
	She sighed loudly and began to tweak and modify the story. Once Melinda was sure that the story was free of error, she released it. Melinda was happy about the soaring viewership as more people began to read stories. Her fans didn't cease loving her and showering her with virtual gifts.
	As usual, Melinda shared the new chapters on Weibo. Her eyes fell on a piece of news about Emily.
	The headline read: "The two make an incredible pair."
	Melinda scrolled down and saw a picture of the actor from the new series. He was the actor who Emily was working with. The second picture revealed Emily and the actor entering a hotel, hand in hand. It was false news that made them seem more intimate than they actually were.
	Everyone was aware of the hardships Emily had faced and was surprised to find her start of a new relationship soon.
	Melinda read the entire article and found that Emily and the young actor were scheduled to attend a variety of TV shows. One of them was the show in which she had claimed to be in a relationship with Jonas.
	It was dinnertime. Jonas and Melinda were having dinner with Nelson.
	"Don't be in a hurry to go back to your room. Stay back and watch TV with me."
	Nelson wiped the corner of his mouth and put the napkin aside. Although Jonas and Melinda were surprised by the strange request, they still obeyed, and stayed back.
	The servant brought the fruit platter and placed it on the table. Melinda was sitting between Jonas and Nelson. She knitted her eyebrows when she saw Gavin change the channel. She had thought he was going to tune into the financial program but it was a variety show that Melinda was familiar with.
	"Grandpa, I feel a bit of uneasiness in my stomach after eating so much. Will you allow Jonas to take me out?"
	Melinda asked, looking uncomfortable as she was aware of Nelson's intentions. Jonas could sense the awkwardness in the air but he wouldn't know what it was about until he watched the program.
	The living room was quiet as Nelson was intently watching the show. He glanced at Jonas and nodded. "All right, you can go for a walk with her."
	Jonas smiled and stopped for a second before leaving. "Grandpa, I wanted you to know that I've cut all ties with that woman," he said, reassuringly.
	"What are you talking about?" Nelson asked, feigning innocence. He knew that Jonas was referring to Emily and was delighted to hear this information.
	Jonas didn't bother answering him. He held Melinda's hand and walked out, showing Nelson that Melinda was her woman.
	"It's still early. Do you want to go somewhere and have fun? William suggested a good place... "
	"No, thanks," Melinda cut him off even before he could finish his sentence. "I'm going to finish the novel soon and I don't want any distractions."
	She tugged out her hand from his hold, rubbed her wrist, and went back to the villa.
	Melinda wasn't lying. She had planned to finish the novel anyway. There was a sudden flash of inspiration and she wanted to spill her thoughts into paper. Jonas looked at his empty hand that revealed the void in his heart.
	"Are you going to finish your novel?"
	"Yes."
	"Show me. I've always been curious about how you're going to end the story."
	Jonas found an excuse to spend time with Melinda. His mind flitted to the time when he saw a description of his character. He hadn't read the story in a long time and wanted to know what Melinda had written about him now.
	He secretly hoped that Melinda showed him under a better light.
	Melinda arched an eyebrow with suspicion. She wondered if Jonas was really eager to read the story or not. Jonas looked at Melinda's expression and thought that it wasn't going to be good.
	He leaned forward to read the rest of the story. Melinda had portrayed him as a bad man.
	"Mellie, don't you think you need to cut out the negativity of this character to some extent?"
	Jonas forced a smile and asked expectantly.
	"Which one are you talking about? Let me have a look."
	Melinda's sweet scent filled Jonas's lungs as she moved closer to him. His body tingled with desire and his finger that pointed at the computer seemed to tremble slightly.
	He inched forward and inhaled Melinda's intoxicating scent. His warm breath blew across Melinda's cheeks, making her face turn red.
	"This character is pretty much similar to how he is in real life. There's no need to make any changes."
	Melinda gritted her teeth and smiled. She felt that Jonas was far worse than how she had portrayed in the novel.
	"I didn't treat you like this," Jonas protested.
	"Whatever makes you sleep at night?"
	Jonas flinched at Melinda's tone. He was just joking and didn't expect Melinda to react this way.
	"You can think about the good qualities in me, you know?"
	"I don't want to."
	Jonas was annoyed by Melinda's words.
	"Mellie."
	Jonas looked frustrated like her little cat, Momo. Melinda felt that Jonas was breaking the rules in her heart, so she turned away.
	Nothing had changed.
	Melinda sat and wrote all night long and Jonas was done playing this game. He had taken things for granted in the past and this was the first time he had been serious about something.
	"Mellie, let's go for the water park tomorrow."
	"Whatever." Melinda rolled her eyes and turned away.
	Melinda couldn't sleep. She tossed and turned the entire night as she was excited about the trip that Jonas had personally arranged.
	The next morning, Jonas woke up early and went for a run. When he returned to the villa, he found that Melinda was awake. She was sitting at the table, with the cat in her arms, waiting to have breakfast.
	Jonas went to the room and picked a bathing suit for Melinda. The cat was vigilant and continued to despise Jonas. Momo quickly ran to the tree in the yard and curled into a comfortable position.
	Before leaving, Jonas slathered sunscreen on Melinda's face. The water park was a two-hour drive and was in a small town next to A City.
	Melinda hadn't slept well the previous night, so she fell asleep as soon as she got inside the car. After an hour, she woke up in a daze, and found that they were in the middle of a traffic jam.
	"Drink some water first. There was an accident and we have to stay here until the traffic clears up."
	Jonas couldn't accept that his perfect trip was ruined. After Melinda finished drinking the water, the car started and moved in a slow pace. She was exhausted by the time they reached the park and was not in the mood to play and have fun.
	"Mellie, let me take you there. It's one of the finest games here," Jonas said, pointing at one of the rides.
	"No, thanks. I'm tired. Let's go back."
	Jonas's words had no effect on her. Melinda was drained and she just wanted to go home, curl into a ball, and sleep.
	"We hardly get the chance to go out. Why do you have to be a spoilsport?" Jonas grunted.
	"I'm sorry to disappoint you. Find someone who listens to your every word and satisfies you," Melinda yelled and waved her hand in exasperation before storming off.
	Jonas took a deep breath and quickly caught up with her.
Chapter 93 The Marriage Certificate
	"Mellie, I'm sorry if I was rude. I only wanted you to go out and relax, but not go back looking sad like that. Let's play two games first, just two. Then we'll go back."
	Like persuading a little kid, Jonas lowered his voice and spoke to Melinda softly. He scanned around and found an ice cream stand not far away. He went to buy her a sugar cone, and he chose vanilla flavor, which Melinda liked most.
	"Mellie, have a rest and enjoy some ice cream first. Then we will go to play,"
	Jonas ordered, walking her to the side to sit on a bench. Many sharp-eyed business people appeared to sell their products. As long as anyone praised Melinda, Jonas would buy their goods in bulk.
	His simple ways of pampering made Melinda a little uncomfortable.
	During the entire day tour, Melinda felt flattered with Jonas's undivided attention, since he had always been indifferent towards her. She even tried many times to ignore him.
	As a man with high self-esteem, Jonas had challenged his bottom line several times to play up to Melinda. However, she did not respond, which made him feel very embarrassed.
	This proved true, especially when they met someone they knew halfway. Even though Melinda was cooperative, any wise person could see through her.
	The two returned home silently. They were not as happy as they had been from this morning before the tour started. Instead, their expressions now had become more unpleasant.
	Unclear as to why they looked gloomy, Nelson thought the two of them quarreled, so he warned Jonas.
	Jonas didn't know what to say. He could tell how inferior his position had grown in the family.
	For a long time now, Yulia had remained grounded. At first, she yelled in her room, but now she was quiet and kept her opinions to herself. She witnessed the changes in the family.
	"Melinda, I have been learning how to compose prose recently, but there are many things I don't know. Can you teach me?"
	Yulia, wearing a light blue denim skirt, tied up her locks into a high ponytail. The thin bangs made her face look even more beautiful. She held a collection of prose in her hands, which made her more attractive.
	"I don't know much about prose. You can search for it on the Internet and read some prose works."
	Melinda could hardly believe it. After a long while, she pointed at the selection of prose in Yulia's hand and gave some helpful suggestions.
	Yulia had asked her for some pointers. She worried that there wouldn't be much conversation, and silence would eat up the air between them.
	The smile on the corner of Yulia's mouth appeared somewhat forced. She finally made up her mind to communicate with Melinda slowly. She chose this topic since Melinda liked writing and literature. She didn't expect to come up with such an awkward arrangement.
	Melinda was a little flustered but kept on smiling in discomfort. She recommended a few prose works for Yulia to check out.
	"I don't get it. Can I ask you if I still encounter phrases that I don't understand?"
	"Yes, you can."
	After listening to Yulia's words, Melinda felt a little baffled. But then she thought about it. If they had to live under the same roof, their relationship should be warm and friendly.
	Momo had become the new master of the Gu's mansion recently. Yulia had to be kind to the cat since she wanted to get along with its owner.
	The next day, Yulia went to Melinda to have a small chat about the cat. She tried her best to find a subject to discuss and develop the budding relationship between her and Melinda.
	"Melinda, I also want to raise a cat so I won't be too bored when I'm alone. Will you accompany me to the pet store tomorrow?"
	Yulia tried her best to be friendly to Momo, but the cat didn't like her. It sat next to Melinda, staring at Yulia with its bright eyes as if it would rip her face apart.
	"My grandfather gave Momo to me as a surprise gift, so I have no experience in picking cats. If you want to keep a cat, you can ask Gavin for help."
	Melinda crouched down, stroked Momo's head, and smiled at Yulia. The latter smiled in discomfort and said, "How about this? I'll request Gavin to buy one for me so that my cat can play with Momo in the future."
	"Okay."
	Melinda didn't think that Momo needed a company at all. The cat was lazy, but if it went out to play, it was hard to find it. If Yulia kept a cat, it would be an expensive purebred cat. However, a native hybrid cat was different from a purebred feline.
	The two of them were disconcerted. For the very first time, Melinda had found out that Yulia was not good in making conversations.
	Momo needed a quiet environment if it lingered in one place. When Yulia kept on talking, Momo became restless and started meowing while walking in circles around Melinda's leg.
	"I have something else to do so I'll leave first."
	As Melinda spoke, Momo automatically plunged into her arms, and they disappeared in Yulia's sight.
	"Mellie, are you going somewhere with Momo?"
	Melinda walked over to the junction, and the mansion was on the right side. She came across Nelson, who just walked out of the main villa. Nelson was in high spirits, and he patted Momo's head with his finger. With a "meow", Momo expressed its dissatisfaction.
	"No, I'm going to take it back to my place."
	"Since I have something to take up with Jonas, let's go together."
	Melinda put Momo down and let it walk by itself. Then she held Nelson's arm. The main residence was not far from her villa, so they conversed on the way and soon arrived at the small villa.
	Momo had already run ahead and curled atop the stone table under the tree. Hearing the cat's purr, Jonas knew that Melinda had come back.
	"Grandpa, what brings you here?"
	"I have something to discuss with you two."
	Nelson sat down on the stone bench and put his cane beside him. Melinda grew curious. Nelson said he wanted to see Jonas, but she didn't expect him to come for her too.
	The two of them stood beside each other. Jonas tried to hook Melinda's fingers with his and clasped them tightly without warning, so forceful that she couldn't resist at all.
	"You two may have been remarried for a long time, but I haven't seen your marriage certificate at all."
	Their servant, Mary, brought them fruit tea. After pouring a cup for Nelson, Mary stepped aside. Nelson took a small sip and opened his mouth, pretending not to say something relevant. However, they were both startled with their eyes wide open.
	Melinda thought carefully about the marriage contract and remembered that she only signed it, and she had no idea whether they had the certificate or not.
	Jonas's face went pale. Back then, he fixed his focus on getting back his right to the inheritance, but nothing else took place after contract signing. He didn't expect that Nelson would bring it up.
	For a moment, the three looked at each other in silence.
	"Grandpa, why did you suddenly ask about the marriage certificate?"
	Melinda tried to get some information from Nelson, but he just smiled and said, "I just want to look. I didn't provide a witness for your registration. Now I feel a little sorry."
	A gentle breeze came along with the faint rustling of the leaves. Melinda's heart sank with the incident.
	"Grandpa, why didn't you say it in advance? We have to figure out first where we put it,"
	Jonas said at once. Nelson gave him a sidelong glance as if he was saying, "If I told you about it in advance, then you two will prepare for it. Right?"
	Nelson's sudden request indicated that he doubted the marriage between Jonas and Melinda was a sham.
	"Yes, Grandpa, since that happened a long time ago."
	Melinda looked flustered, waiting for Jonas to resolve the issue correctly.
	Jonas frowned and didn't know what to say.
	"It's only been a few months since you got married. How could you forget such an important document? !"
	Nelson snorted. He puffed at Jonas, who stroked his nose innocently and then turned to look at Melinda.
	Melinda looked shocked, and her eyes searched Jonas's face, calculating his actions.
	"Grandpa, I don't know where the marriage certificate is. I'm sure Mellie kept it."
	As soon as Jonas spoke those words, Melinda reached out her hand to his waist and pinched it hard. 'Damn Jonas. You made me get into a tough situation alone at this critical moment. At the same time, you've cleaned yourself completely.'
	Melinda glared at Jonas, her eyes full of rage.
	"Mellie, can you recall where you last put it?"
	Nelson urged Melinda while looking at her. She seemed tense since she had no clue where it was, except for the divorce papers.
	"Grandpa, Mellie is busy writing a recent novel. She can't figure it out for now. Please don't pressure her. Give her some time to think about it,"
	said Jonas. As Melinda lowered her head and thought hard about it, she tried to squeeze Jonas's waist again but realized that his muscles were too firm.
	"Jonas, you were also there when I hid it. Can you help me think back on where I stashed it?"
	Melinda said in a sweet voice, like a spoiled child. Hearing her soft and clingy words, Jonas couldn't help but smile. He pampered her well as she looked so smart.
	She wanted to get caught together with Jonas.
	"I remember you told me that you hid it in the safe."
	"Well... Really?"
	Melinda tried hard to recall what she had deposited in the safe, and then she thought she didn't have a safe at home. Those inside the study were all Jonas's.
	"What happened to your memory?"
	Jonas stretched out a finger and gently poked Melinda's head, saying in a smug tone. The smile at the corner of his mouth made Melinda feel colder.
	"Mellie, you can't be so careless with such a crucial matter."
	"Grandpa, it's my fault. I'll be more careful next time," Melinda apologized sincerely but felt wronged. There was no marriage certificate. However, Jonas forced her to handle this thing and wanted her to come to terms with Nelson.
	"This is not to blame you. Well, go and get it now."
	Hearing her grievance, Nelson thought he had been too harsh, so he hurried to make up with her. Melinda nodded, her cheeks looking a little pale. She raised her head to look at Jonas with contempt in her eyes. There was no marriage certificate at all, so she didn't know where to find it.
	Also, Jonas's behavior disheartened her. The disappointment in Melinda's eyes was undisguised, and Jonas was a little worried, seeming to recognize that he had done something wrong.
	"I'll go with you, honey."
	Jonas caressed Melinda's head and held her hand tightly with his. They left together in a hurry.
Chapter 94 Get The Marriage Certificate
	The way from the courtyard to the bedroom was not far, but Melinda felt that it was so long, and she began to be anxious. When she approached the villa, she ignored Jonas who was behind her.
	It was not until she felt that Nelson wasn't watching her that she felt relieved. Then her heart rose to her throat.
	Melinda walked straight to her study, which was well-decorated. There were green plants and books on the bookshelf. Several books on the desk were opened, about the Republic of China.
	The overall color of the study was light colored, but there was some warmth in some small furnishings. Melinda found a contract in the second drawer of the desk, which was signed by the two of them at that time.
	"This is the only thing I have here. Are you going to let me show it to grandpa?"
	Melinda slammed the papers on the desk, raised her head and glared at Jonas. The look on her face was cold and rigid, and the blue veins on her fingers were bulging. She was trying her best to control her anger.
	Taking a slight glance at the document, Jonas suddenly had the impulse to tear it up. He couldn't accept it when he thought that Melinda would leave after he got the right of inheritance and.
	"Don't worry."
	"I'm not worried. Now you tell grandpa that I keep the marriage certificate for us. Tell me, where did I keep the marriage certificate?"
	Melinda said in a rage. Jonas did that just for buying time to find a solution. Now Melinda was angry, he soon comforted her.
	"It's my fault. Grandfather asked this question all of a sudden, I was too nervous that..."
	"You pushed me out to face it because you were too nervous, right? Don't you think you've gone too far?"
	If it were not for the last sanity that supported her, Melinda might have thrown all the books on the table on Jonas.
	Her chest was still heaving sharply. It could be seen that she was extremely angry. What's more, she was flustered, and had no idea what to do.
	She needed someone who would back her up, instead of being pushed away.
	Therefore, what Jonas did not only disappointed her, but also made her feel sadder.
	"Melinda, let's not talk about it now. Let's find a solution to the current situation. When the matter is settled, you can punish me whatever as you like, okay?"
	Jonas's voice was so attractive that Melinda used to be captivated by it. But now his voice brought her back to her senses. She even wanted to give Jonas a good beating.
	Sitting on the chair, with her legs trembling, Melinda looked like she was going to faint. Jonas was standing behind her. Both of them calmed down and began to think about how to deal with the situation.
	"Where is our old marriage certificate?"
	"No, we can't use that. The date is not right and it's indicated to be invalid." The most important thing was that it had been torn up by him a long time ago. Of course, Jonas would never tell her this thing.
	"Then even if we go to get one now, the date is also not right."
	Hearing this, Melinda couldn't help telling the truth. Things were out of control.
	She felt that she was in an airless room with no fresh air. Gradually, she could not breathe. She tried hard to walk out of the room, but she was surrounded by cold walls.
	"Melinda, what's wrong with you? Are you okay?"
	Jonas noticed that there was something wrong with Melinda's face, and he shouted with worry. But Melinda sat there with a dull look, showing no reaction for a long time.
	"Melinda."
	"Yes."
	Melinda looked up blankly at Jonas, who placed his finger on her eyebrows in order to comfort her.
	He felt so guilty that everything was caused by him.
	"Don't worry. I'll work out a proper date for the marriage certificate. All we need to do now is to look for an excuse to go out and register our marriage certificate."
	The reason why he went out was not difficult for him to think, but now he was suspended, a more reasonable reason could only be from Melinda. However, Melinda misunderstood that he pushed her to take the bullet deliberately just now. If he used her now, the consequences might be bad.
	However, Melinda was not as smart as Jonas.
	What kind of excuse could she use to get out at this critical moment, and get enough time to deal with all the affairs?
	"Melinda, time is running out."
	Nelson was a shrewd man. They had stayed in the room for a long time. If they still didn't go out, he must be suspicious.
	"Let's go out first."
	While saying that, Melinda saw the QQ message from the right corner of the computer and quickly figured out a reason. She went to the bedroom to take her bag and changed into a pair of high heels.
	"Grandpa, I just received a call. There is something urgent. I have to go out now. Jonas, go with me."
	Melinda looked anxious and she was in a mess. Moreover, she was wearing high heels and it made her frown.
	"Why are you in such a hurry?"
	"My editor called me. The copyright of my new book is in trouble. I have to go right away."
	Jonas raised his eyebrows secretly. He also thought of the copyright at first.
	"There's something wrong with your book. Is it serious? How about asking a lawyer from our company to go with you?"
	The copyright might have a large or small issue. Nelson was worried about that Melinda might suffer losses.
	"No, thanks. Jonas knows a lot. And the professionals my editor has assigned will help me with it. Don't worry too much, grandfather. I'll come back and show you our marriage certificate as soon as I'm done with it,"
	Melinda said and swallowed her saliva. She seldom talked nonsense in such a serious manner. Jonas, who sat beside her, helped her to straighten her bag and prevented laughing.
	"You go with Melinda. Don't let her be bullied, okay?"
	Nelson warned Jonas, and the two of them got on the car in a hurry. Jonas's car disappeared from Nelson's sight like an arrow from the string.
	It was not until Melinda left the Gu's mansion that she was completely relieved. She collapsed into the passenger seat, and Jonas gradually slowed down the speed.
	"Jonas, don't you know how to deal with such a matter?"
	Looking at the view outside the window, Melinda regained her composure. There were lots of disappointment and resentment in her heart.
	"I'm sorry."
	With hands on the steering wheel, Jonas saw that Melinda was still angry. So he took the initiative to apologize. "You know my status in the family, that is, my grandfather favors you more. Even if you tell the truth, my grandfather won't blame you, but only scold me," he explained half-jokingly.
	What Jonas said was true that it was obvious that Nelson favored her. But Melinda still felt uncomfortable.
	"Grandpa has begun to suspect us. Don't you know why he doubted us?"
	If it hadn't been for Jonas who had tangled with Emily and made so many troubles, Nelson wouldn't have done this.
	Melinda opened the window, letting the wind blow into the car. Her long silky hair danced in the narrow space, half covering her eyebrows and eyes. The fragrance of shampoo was lingering in her nose.
	Jonas turned his head and looked at Melinda. He reached out and held her left hand. She was struggling, but was clasped more tightly.
	"I'm sorry. It's all my fault. I don't care how you're going to punish me. Calm down, okay?"
	When Melinda was angry, she didn't sit there like other girls who pouted their lips and showed an impatient look. Instead, she just sat there quietly, looking indifferent, which made people feel very uncomfortable.
	Jonas felt the same way. He would feel more comfortable if Melinda beat him. But she was just angry. She just said something ironic to him. He didn't know how to comfort her and calm her down.
	"To punish Mr. Jonas, I dare not."
	Melinda tried to get rid of his hand again, but failed because she was no match for him in strength. So she gave up directly.
	"You should buy two out of season clothes in the mall before going to the Civil Affairs Bureau."
	Although Melinda was angry, she did not ignore the details that should be paid attention to. They went to make up the marriage certificate at this time. If the clothes they wore today were in the photo, Nelson would definitely be suspicious.
	The shrewdness of Nelson was really a headache to them.
	"Okay."
	As Jonas spoke, he made a turn and the car was heading to the downtown. The window was closed. Melinda's hair was blown and knotted. She finally found a reason to let him go, tidying her hair with two hands.
	But because of impatience, her scalp hurt from time to time.
	Looking at the scene, Jonas could not help frowning. The speed of the car out of the suburb was slowed down. Melinda tied her hair up, and then turned to lean against the window. She drew something on the window.
	The car slowly stopped in front of a shopping mall. Melinda and Jonas wore sunglasses and selected a clothing shop nearby. Jonas chose a white shirt and a white chiffon dress for Melinda.
	Standing together, they looked like wearing couple's clothes, and Jonas was very satisfied with this. However, the look on Melinda's face was still cold. Apparently, she was still unhappy about what had happened before.
	Sometimes, it was very difficult to change a person's mind when he or she felt disappointed at another person, just like Melinda was disappointed at Jonas. Whatever he did, she would always bear grudges against him.
	When they got changed and went to the Civil Affairs Bureau, Jonas had told his friends worked there on the way that he would change the date to a few months ago. They took a group photo, which was different from the one on the first marriage certificate.
	On the first one, Melinda was smiling, and on the second one, Jonas was smiling.
	Seeing the familiar red booklet in front of her, Melinda was lost in thought. Yet, Jonas extended his hands and took it reverently, with a big smile on his face.
	He seldom smiled so happily.
	Melinda cast a glance at Jonas and thought he was silly. She wanted to smile at him, but felt a little sad in her heart.
	"The marriage certificate is ready. Let's go back."
	Looking at the excited couples around her, she felt that she could never find the excitement and nervousness that she had before.
	The sweetness of others seemed to remind her that they were different.
Chapter 95 Back To The Company
	When Melinda returned home, she saw Nelson playing with Momo in the yard. He had been sitting in the yard for a long time, waiting for them to arrive.
	Momo snapped its head when it saw Melinda. It immediately ran towards her and began to rub its head against her leg.
	Jonas envied the cat as it got to be closer to Melinda than he was.
	"You're back soon. How's everything going?" Nelson asked.
	"I've taken care of everything, Grandpa. Why don't you go to the room and rest? It's windy and you must take care of your health," Melinda said worriedly.
	Although Nelson looked healthy, Melinda remembered how weak he had been and how much he had suffered in the past.
	The night breeze swept across the yard, making the leaves dance wildly to its rhythm. Before anyone knew, it was already autumn that carried the sweet scent of flowers and moist leaves.
	Jonas followed Melinda and helped Nelson get into the villa. Melinda made an excuse and went upstairs to get the marriage certificate when it was inside her bag.
	Melinda took out the marriage certificate from her bag. It looked brand new without any creases or spots. If not for the date on the certificate, everyone would have thought that it was a new one.
	Nelson sat in the living room and Jonas instructed Mary to make snacks and cut fruits for Nelson. He also went to the study and brought the Chinese chessboard to play with his grandfather.
	"Grandpa, why don't you have dinner here? I'll cook tonight," Melinda asked as she stood behind Nelson and handed the marriage certificate to him.
	Nelson eagerly took the marriage certificate and immediately looked at the date. Both Jonas and Melinda glanced at each other and heaved a sigh of relief.
	"Good, good. You two are perfect for each other. I'm sure your children would be as beautiful as you two are." Nelson smiled fondly.
	He was happy that his grandchildren hadn't lied to him. His happiness reached its peak when he saw Jonas smiling in the photo.
	Nelson returned the certificate to Melinda. Jonas understood the hidden meaning behind his grandfather's words and stole a glance at Melinda. He saw her bite her lip as a subtle blush lined her cheeks.
	"Grandpa, you continue with your game. I'll go to the kitchen to make dinner."
	Melinda scurried to the kitchen. Jonas couldn't help smiling. Until now, he hadn't realized that his wife was shy. She looked incredibly cute when she blushed.
	That night, Nelson restored Jonas's authority in the company.
	Jonas returned to Soaring Group the next day. Some were happy to see him, while others were disappointed that he was back sooner than they had expected. The company functioned without the CEO during his absence.
	William was happy to have Jonas back in the company. He told everything about the company's affairs and what had happened to Jonas when he wasn't around.
	Jonas knitted his brows and looked at William as he felt that something was wrong. "It's the right time to acquire this company. Didn't anyone from the board of directors tell about it?"
	Jonas was referring to one of the family businesses in the local area. The company had been in the field for a long time but it was incurring losses because of lack of new technology. Jonas's competitor was ready for acquisition but the managers of Soaring Group hadn't taken any actions so far.
	There had been a lot of talk in the industry and Jonas was up-to-date with all the news even though he was suspended from work.
	"No, the board of directors has only been arguing about obtaining power." William frowned.
	Everyone wanted to take advantage of Jonas's absence to seize the power and become the CEO of Soaring Group. The greediest of them was Jonas's uncle, Aron Gu. He was Jonas's father's younger brother.
	William didn't disclose all the information but Jonas could understand Aron Gu's intentions. Jonas scoffed when he thought about his greedy uncle.
	"You have to work overtime for the next two days to plan our acquisition," Jonas said.
	He had planned everything that was cardinal to the company's growth and the acquisition of the company needed immediate attention.
	Meanwhile, in the general manager's office, a middle-aged man was sitting on the leather sofa, smoking a cigarette as he listened to his secretary explain about Jonas's moves after he had returned to work.
	"Is he planning to acquire the company?" Aron Gu asked coldly.
	His deep eyes were glinting with malice as he looked at the secretary through his black-rimmed glasses. He resembled Jonas but his features were sharper, which made him look scarier.
	"The people in the CEO office have already started the acquisition plan," the secretary said.
	Aron Gu smashed the cigarette on the ashtray and wiped his hands. He thought that Jonas and the company would suffer irrevocable damage and losses but he didn't expect Jonas to regain power sooner.
	He was mad at Nelson for sending Jonas back to work before he executed all his plans.
	"Arrange a meeting with all the shareholders. I'm going to invite them to dinner tonight."
	Aron Gu was preparing to fight for the inheritance of the company. He had been flattering the shareholders to gain their trust, in the hope of receiving their support when he competed for power.
	Nelson had given full authority and power of the company to Jonas. Although Aron Gu was Nelson's son, he was a mere shareholder and possessed no right of inheritance.
	He was the general manager of Soaring Group and couldn't accept that he had to obey his nephew's orders.
	It took three days for the team to come up with the plan. They had prepared the rough model by the third day. They already had an idea about the company and it didn't take long to chart the plan.
	Jonas made the final modification and held a board meeting. As soon as he spoke out about his plan, some shareholders gathered to object his decision.
	"Our profit margin will rise only if we acquire a technologically advanced company. Although this is a reputed company, their methods are archaic. We might have to invest a lot of money on manpower and resources to meet the industrial standards."
	"That would be unnecessary. Although the company is old, it continues to be a leading enterprise because of its efficient management. If we acquire the company, it will be beneficial for us in the long run," Jonas said sternly.
	The two parties were arguing heatedly and some of them had a neutral stance. Jonas silently watched everyone, making a note of their opinions.
	He glanced at Aron Gu who was sitting at the right side of the table with a wicked smile on his face. Jonas knew that he was a cold, calculating man.
	He couldn't help but admire Aron Gu's manipulative skills. He had managed to gather the support of many people within a short period.
	"Why don't we vote and come to a conclusion?" Aron Gu suggested.
	The room fell silent as everyone turned to look at him. They discussed and finally agreed to his decision.
	The result was a tie as forty percent of them agreed, another forty percent disagreed, while the remaining twenty percent of shareholders were neutral.
	Jonas wasn't surprised by the result and concluded the meeting.
	"Jonas, you're still young. Your methods are unorthodox and impulsive,"
	Aron Gu said, pursing his lips. Jonas took a sip of his tea, placed the cup on the table, and smiled.
	"You say my methods are impulsive? I feel that I have been too lenient in the past and that's the reason why we've come to this situation. It's time I took a serious decision."
	Aron Gu's jaw dropped, and his eyes widened with shock. He felt that Jonas's words were directed towards him.
	"Soaring Group is a large company and all the employees are dependent on us. We need to take our time and come up with the right decision." Aron Gu glared.
	"How can we move forward if we aren't ready to take risky decisions. We cannot play safe all the time. Anyway, I don't think acquiring that company is highly risky."
	Aron Gu acted like a conservative man, who believed that following the traditional methods was the only way to attain success. He behaved as if he prioritized the company over everything else and felt that Jonas was overlooking the future of the company.
	"You are still too young to know what's right and what's not," Aron Gu said.
	"Now is the time where youngsters rule. Am I right, Uncle Aron?" Jonas smirked.
	Aron Gu opened his mouth to say something but swallowed loudly and remained quiet. Jonas stood up to leave. William packed his things and transferred the results into a USB and left with Jonas.
	Everyone walked out of the meeting room, leaving Aron Gu all alone. He looked at the direction where Jonas had left. Aron Gu wasn't ready to accept his defeat.
	Jonas returned to his office and gave a list of the names of the shareholders to William.
	"Boss, are you planning to investigate them?" William asked.
	Jonas had made a note of the people who intended to defeat him. They weren't telling their opinions, or rather tried to make everyone believe that Jonas was wrong.
	He knew that they were his enemies and he needed to get rid of them.
	"I want you to arrange a private detective to investigate what they are up to. I'll make sure we acquire the company by then. And don't forget to arrange someone to spy on Uncle Aron. He would go to any extent to have what he wants," Jonas said, rubbing his temples.
	Jonas knew that these shareholders had ganged up with Aron Gu and he wanted to gather evidence against him.
	The shareholders were smart and Jonas couldn't execute his plans. But they were oblivious to Jonas's next move.
	The private detective was efficient. He gathered a lot of information in a short period. Jonas understood that his company was plagued by these people who were working against him. He also found that some of the workers in the financial department were preparing false reports.
	"Wow! What a plan!"
	William's eyes widened with shock when he skimmed through the results of the shareholders. He felt that they deserved to be punished.
	Jonas started defeating them by attacking one of the shareholders. His opponents were routed ruthlessly and they gradually vanished from the shareholder's group.
	It was already too late by the time Aron Gu found that Jonas was behind all of this. Jonas had already collected the evidence and secretly launched attacks against his enemies.
	Several shareholders, who had been against him, left the company one after another. The shareholders' meeting was held again and the acquisition plans were unanimously approved by everyone.
	Jonas had already allocated the people to execute the acquisition, and the plan would be carried out as soon as the deal was accepted.
	Jonas's plan was elaborate. He effortlessly bought the company even though his competitor was strong.
	Everyone became terrified of Jonas and didn't dare to acquire his position. No one knew who would be the next shareholder to disappear from Soaring Group.
Chapter 96 A Book Launch Event
	"You’ve gone through a pretty good fight, Mr. Gu." William beamed with pride at Jonas. "Now people scurry to their seats when they see even your shadow approaching."
	Jonas gave him a brief but grateful smile. He had been so busy with the affairs of the company especially the acquisition case, and he had never taken a proper rest. He was exhausted, and it showed on his face.
	"Thank you for your hard work this time around as well," he said to William. "It’s my treat tonight; go ahead and choose whatever restaurant you like." His voice had grown hoarse, and he rubbed his throat uncomfortably before taking large gulps of water.
	"Understood, Mr. Gu. We’ll make sure to find an excellent place to express your gratitude. By the way, Mr. Gu, may we bring any family member with us?" It was not an unprecedented request; William had always been thoughtful of the employees that were assigned to the CEO office.
	Besides, after working for Jonas for so many years, he knew that despite the strict and rigid demeanor of his boss, Jonas was always generous to the employees.
	"That’s all right. Just add it to the overall tab, I’ll take care of the total expense."
	That made the secretary pause. "Won’t you be joining us, Mr. Gu?"
	As it was supposed to be celebratory dinner, he had, of course, assumed, that the boss was coming.
	Jonas shook his head. He had been living in the company for a long time. He missed Melinda very much.
	It was only one of the myriad emotions he had been finding himself caught up in recently. Only one of the new feelings that he had never encountered before in his life.
	"Very well, Mr. Gu." William took care of the rest of the minor paperwork as Jonas rushed back home to his wife.
	Meanwhile, Yulia’s sanctions still weren’t lifted, and she remained grounded at home. Although, thankfully, she was no longer confined to her own room, and could now freely walk around the mansion.
	This was one such occasion when the young woman decided to take a stroll around the grounds, her cat in her arms. It was autumn now, and there was a biting chill in the air.
	Yulia wore an expensive looking vest over a light dress, looking every bit as upper-level socialite. She headed towards Melinda’s villa.
	Due to her miscarriage in the past, Melinda had grown overly sensitive to the cold, and would usually fall ill in colder weather. These days she kept inside and wore thick layers of clothing, her regular walks in the yard abandoned.
	It was just as well, because she had also been busy recently. Her new book had been completed, and she had been absorbed in the last phase of editing. She also had to make negotiations with the publishers and the periodical office.
	She had already received a tiny bout of fame with her first book, but the recent controversy with Emily made people pay more attention to her. Needless to say, she had gained more fans, especially from within the city. Hence, her editor was quick to draw up plans to hold a book launch event for her. And they wanted to brand her as a well-known author.
	"Melinda, are you busy?" Yulia barged into her sister-in-law’s villa with her cat.
	Melinda was on a video call with her editor, discussing the book launch event. She quickly said her goodbye and ended the call.
	"What’s up?" She gave the younger woman a tight smile. Lately, Yulia would drop in by her villa at the most random times for the most random reasons.
	Melinda couldn’t tell if she actually cared for her in particular, maybe her husband’s sister was only bored of her confinement. But the fact that Yulia kept on showing up brought her much discomfort and always sent Melinda on edge.
	"I don’t understand why you stay cooped up in your villa," Yulia drawled as she glanced around the room, her right hand stroking the cat in her arms. "The weather is rather nice today. Why don’t we go take a little walk outside?"
	The truth was that Yulia was dying to get out of the mansion. Already she had lost track of the days, unsure about how long she had been grounded.
	She knew that if there was anyone whose influence could grant her even just a brief escape, it was Melinda. If she were to run out of there with her sister-in-law, her grandfather would no doubt allow it without much thought.
	"No, thanks. I have a lot of things to do. Why don’t you just go ahead and have some fun on your own."
	"Melinda," Yulia said a little sharply. She struggled to soften her tone. "Melinda, you must know I’m still grounded." Melinda paused at that. Perhaps the younger woman only meant outside at the yard? It had completely slipped Yulia mind that she was still being punished.
	She felt a little guilty at her apparently insensitive words. She smiled again, this time a little more warmly. "Well, we have everything we could possibly want in this mansion. If there’s anything else you wanted, I’m sure you can order someone and it would be brought to you immediately. Uh, you can have fun with your little kitten as well."
	Melinda winced at her own words. Well, there was nothing to be done about it, anyway; she didn’t know what else to say.
	She turned back to her desk, feeling embarrassed for herself, and so did not notice the resentment that flashed in her guest’s eyes.
	Yulia was pissed. She didn’t expect that she would be rebuffed so easily, even after lowering her pride and coming here to find some help.
	"Well. It seems like you are very busy indeed, so I won’t bother you any longer." In her frustration, Yulia’s fingers dug a little deeper as she stroked her cat, and the poor animal screamed in protest and flew out of her arms.
	It leapt in the air towards Melinda, and its claws were visibly out. The cat landed on her with a hiss, leaving long scratch marks on her sweater before scrambling onto her desk.
	Melinda quickly jumped out of her seat and out of the way as the cat whipped a hurricane among her files, throwing her things into the floor.
	As Momo heard the commotion, its ears perked up and it opened its eyes. It stalked the other cat, hissing and growling at it with unmistakable aggression.
	"Momo," Melinda called warily. Her fat cat turned to her, and Yulia's black kitten took that opportunity to flee the room.
	Across the paper-strewn floor, Yulia was also eyeing Momo with caution. It was then that Jonas came into the scene.
	As he noted the messy desk and floor, his gaze quickly flew to his wife. Upon seeing her torn sweater, he rushed over to her, thinking she might be injured.
	He grabbed her arm and made a whole show of inspecting her body where the claw marks were, asking repeatedly if she was in pain. It took him a while, under much of his wife’s protest for him, to calm down.
	"It seems like Momo does a poor job of keeping watch over you," Jonas grumbled, and the cat in question gave him a look as if daring him into a showdown.
	"Jonas," Yulia spoke up, her face growing pale at the prospect of incurring her brother’s temper.
	"It was my cat, it’s still young and quite playful. I apologize." Her words, however, fell on deaf ears.
	"Don’t bully Momo," Melinda scolded her husband. "Never mind all that. Did you finally finish the business matters that kept you busy recently?"
	She could tell from his haggard face that he had been pushing his limits. For a moment she thought of reprimanding him for handling his health carelessly, but he obviously needed a gentler approach.
	He smiled at her warmly, and Melinda found herself thinking she was feeling a little hot under her extra layer of clothing.
	"Yes," Jonas said softly, taking a strand of her hair and curling it around his finger. "I have time to rest for a while."
	Yulia was mortified. She was embarrassed enough at having been ignored, but to be a witness to such a scene left a sour taste in her mouth.
	When these two people were together, everyone else seemed to fade into background. Their display was making her nauseous, and she made a little sound of disgust.
	Jonas turned to her then, his surprise evident on his face. "Why are you still here? Don’t go walking around everywhere if you have no business being anywhere. You’ll only aggravate Grandpa."
	Yulia stomped out of the room without another word. It was true that in recent days she had been actively seeking out Melinda.
	It was no secret that their grandfather held the woman in high regard, even more so than his own granddaughter. It was only logical for her to cozy up with Melinda in order to gain even a tiny bit of Nelson’s favor.
	She trudged back into her villa furiously as the events from moments ago played in her mind. She had really reached a new low point.
	To think that she’d humbled herself enough to come to Melinda and even act nicely, only to be dismissed so coldly.
	And not just her, Yulia was also dismissed a second time, by her own brother no less! How could she just accept this?
	As soon as she was in her room again she began surfing the internet. She was never above playing dirty to begin with, and now she was looking up Emily on the web.
	The woman seemed to have lain low in recent weeks, and her media appearances seemed to have dwindled as well.
	But Yulia did find that Emily had recently been linked to a handful of young men, all of whom were now popular names in show business. Sadly, their fame didn’t seem to extend to Emily.
	Yulia knew Emily couldn’t bear such a situation; she was probably fuming ever since Jonas cut her off. Melinda was at the bottom of the mess she had to face, and Yulia knew she just needed to remind Emily of that fact.
	She wasn’t going to just let Melinda get away with everything, and there was no other perfect candidate for a partner in crime besides Emily. The enemy of an enemy was a friend, after all.
	She rummaged for the actress’ contact information.
	"Who is this?"
	Yulia thought it was a rude way to greet anyone who was calling, but she had recently changed her number, and Emily was sure to be constantly in a bad mood, so she let it slide.
	There was a reason for Emily’s behavior, though. As soon as her career declined, she began getting calls from subpar directors and filmmakers, offering her roles in B-rated movies and several erotic projects.
	"Miss Bai," Yulia said over the line. "Do you remember me?" Then a slow smile spread across her face as a thought occurred to her.
	If Emily could afford being this rude to an unknown caller who would be a prospective patron or a renowned filmmaker for all she knew, then the actress must be in very dire straits. It would make it all the easier to coerce her into plotting against Melinda.
	"Yulia?" came Emily’s incredulous voice. "Weren’t you grounded by your grandfather? Why are you calling me?" Emily bore a bitter grudge against Nelson. She had always thought that if the old man wasn’t in the way, she could have married Jonas and successfully set herself up in a rich and powerful family.
	"I may need your help with something. I’m sure you haven’t forgotten that all your suffering right now is because of Melinda. Or have you?
	I thought maybe you would like to get yourself a healthy helping of revenge. You can’t possibly deny just how low you’ve sunk, Emily. On the other hand, Melinda is enjoying her career and her newfound fame."
	Yulia couldn’t mask her hatred for Melinda as she spoke, and the venom in her voice made Emily shiver with excitement. "I’m assuming you already have some ideas on how this is going down, right?"
	"You need to find a way to get her and my brother divorced. If there has been a constant thorn in their relationship, it’s you. If the issue has anything to do with you, it would probably work without a hitch."
	Needless to say, they had learned from all their previous plots. This time, instead of keeping Melinda under their surveillance, they would be wise and stealthy about the whole thing and wait for the perfect opportunity. And it was clear to the two women that the opportune moment would be Melinda’s book launch event.
	"Understood," Emily finally said. "I’ll be counting on you to do your part. Don’t let me down this time."
	"You, too."
	Jonas had just finished his shower. He finally shaved the beard he’d grown in recent days, and emerged from the bathroom fresh and... magnetically handsome.
	Melinda’s heart caught on her throat as she stared at her husband. She wasn’t sure how, but she managed to get a few words out. "How have you been?"
	Jonas had changed into leisure wear, and he frowned when he saw his wife wearing a light coat even in the bedroom. "Why don’t we turn on the heater?" "Oh, there’s no need for that," she answered quickly. "It isn’t even winter yet."
	She had never mentioned to Jonas that her health conditions were a little delicate in the colder months. Especially since it had to do with her miscarriage.
	Thankfully, he let the matter go, smiling as he walked over to her desk. "Is this your new book?" Jonas spotted it immediately, as if it had been calling out to him, and he did not hesitate to answer its call. He knew it from the cover of its online version, and he held it in his hands with excitement.
	"Yes. There will be a book launch event in two days. I was supposed to check on the site this afternoon." "How is the site layout? How many people are you accommodating? And how long will the event be? Also..." Jonas shot her rapid-fire questions about the event, even as his eyes skimmed over the pages of her new book. Melinda had a strange feeling in her stomach as she looked at her husband holding and reading the book in his hands, a book that was written for the pleasure of young girls hoping for some grand romance.
	Then she realized he was still asking her questions, and she finally held her hands up to cut him off. "Calm down, everything is already taken care of."
	A thought suddenly occurred to her. "You do realize that a character in this book was based on you, right?"
	"Yes, of course, I’m well aware." Jonas couldn’t help gritting his teeth. The character she was pertaining to was a real jerk in the story. He couldn’t complain, though, because he was exactly that same jerk in real life.
	"I was thinking," his wife began, his frustration obviously flying over her head. "Maybe it would help with the promotions and publicity if you made an appearance at the launch event." Jonas's head jerked up at that. He looked at her. Perhaps she did feel a little guilty at portraying him so cruelly in her story. Her lips curled upward in a sheepish smile, but she was looking at him with an expectant gleam in her eyes.
	Forget the damn jerk in the book. Here she stood, asking him to be part of one of her milestones in life, and it made him ridiculously happy.
	"Of course I’ll be there."
Chapter 97 There's Not Much Time
	The launch for the new book was to be held in two days. There seemed to be a lot of hype and news coverage around it, and the Gu family was also just as excited. The Gu's mansion was a beehive of activity and at dinner, Nelson asked for the umpteenth time about the event. The question brought a sweet smile on Melinda's face because it was an indication of how supportive he was of her career. She informed him that Jonas would be present.
	"That's a great improvement. If you have more time to spare, it would be good if you spent more time with Mellie for you to cultivate, and build a good relationship."
	Nelson was relieved and gently patted Jonas on his shoulder, conveying his pride on his grandson's good behavior. He was glad that his grandson was putting more effort into his relationship, an action that pleased him greatly.
	Right at that moment, Yulia left her room and went downstairs to look for her kitten. She was just on time to hear the exchange between Nelson and Melinda and instead of continuing with her journey, she gingerly stepped back into the shadows, and tiptoed back to her room.
	She had been struggling to come up with an idea on how to mess up Melinda's book launch, and was pleasantly surprised that the perfect opportunity had just presented itself.
	"Are you feeling nervous? Is there anything I can do? Do you need me to attend the launch and give you some support?"
	This was the first time for Melinda to hold a launch event, so she had outdone herself and invited a lot of famous writers. It was true that she was nervous, which worried her because she thought everyone would notice how nervous and green she was at the book writing business. Basically she felt like an imposter.
	"You don't have to come Grandpa. I would be really nervous if you came, since there are going to be so many people around and I don't want you to overtax yourself."
	In fact, Melinda didn't want Nelson exhausting himself and using unnecessary energy because of her. Besides, she was going to be busy and preoccupied dealing with the event, so she would not have time to keep an eye on him and make sure that he was fine.
	Due to her busy schedule during the launch, she had also declined an offer from her own grandparents for the same reason that she didn't want Nelson there. The only person she had invited was Jonas. Everyone else who was there that she knew were all there for work, a team from the studio organizing the technical aspects for the book launch. They were a team specifically sent by the publishing company to make sure everything was running smoothly.
	When the staff from the studio got wind that Jonas would be attending the launch, they were in a frenzy and informed all their close friends and relatives. News of his presence soon spread very fast attracting a large crowd that was now interested to attend the launch. Soon all the tickets were sold out. The studio also organized some actors to act as characters from the book for the launch, something that was unheard of for a first-time writer.
	The publicity was on point and attracted a large number of attendants.
	Melinda was agonizing over every little detail and so she made numerous trips to the site for two consecutive days, just to make sure that the layout was exactly as she had envisioned it and the safety measures had all been put in place. She didn't want any nasty surprises popping up at the last minute. Jonas who had been keenly observing her for the last few days quietly ordered for more security guards to be added to the venue and of course for Melinda's personal security.
	Melinda wanted to look elegant for the book launch and this was a look she really wouldn't achieve on her own. She needed a glam squad, so to save time she went to the company since these as some of the perks she gained by working with a renowned publisher.
	When she arrived, everything had been organized in advance. The department fashion designer had organized for Melinda a gown that would make her stand out, although still in her style. The hairdresser had also come up with something that would complement Melinda's outfit. By the time they were done, Melinda looked spectacular.
	She had on a delicate and lacy, light blue, empire waist princess dress, that accentuated her hour glass waist, and then cascaded into an A-line, emphasized by the ruffled organza material that made the dress look as if it was floating around her. She completed the look with a pair of flawless dreamy blue pearls and a pair of silver white high heels. Her shoulder length hair was wrapped around her head into a halo crown braid and held together by delicate clips made of diamonds. Because her outfit had so much going on, the make-up artist settled for a natural look and nude lipstick to make her look fresh and gentle.
	"Melinda, your skin is so smooth that it makes me jealous."
	Due to their grueling work schedule, writers rarely had enough time to come up with a skin care routine or even get enough sleep which was vital for flawless skin. Melinda just smiled at the compliment, at the thought of how hard she had to remind herself to get enough sleep and not stay up late trying to beat a deadline. Her smooth skin was the result of hard work on it and restraint from harmful schedules.
	After a short meeting with her editor to go through a few changes on her presentation. Melinda and her team left the company and headed for the book launch site.
	The venue was not packed yet, apart from a few fans. Melinda had run a raffle game and chose twenty of her fans who could attend the launch. The fans were very excited when they saw her although organized and did not go past the security demarcations.
	"Melinda, I'm one of your biggest fans. I've been following your writings from the first book that you wrote. Your writing is easy to follow, and the vivid descriptions in your work sometimes makes me filled with warmth and love for the characters, while sometimes I hate the nasty characters so much. You make me feel as if the writings are real life. Thank you for your wonderful work."
	The girl who was speaking in an animated manner was the president of Melinda's fan club. Melinda had heard about the girl, but this was the first time she was meeting her. She was moved by her words since she had never thought that her words had such an impact on her readers.
	"Thank you for your kind words."
	Melinda reached out and gave the girl a gentle hug. She then took her special pen from her assistant and gave her fan an autograph on the book that she had purchased.
	Everything was running smoothly as expected without any hitches. The master of ceremony introduced Melinda who was busy in a meet and greet organized by her editor, with other writers and important people in the literary field.
	Meanwhile at the Gu's mansion, Jonas had put everything in order and taken care of everything that needed his immediate attention. As soon as he figured that the event was about to begin, he put on the outfits that Melinda had laid out for him the previous night. The three button, merino, wool cashmere suit was black peppered with light brown pinstripes that were barely visible unless one was closely scrutinizing his outfit.
	He looked mysterious in his midnight black suit, which emphasized his aloof and arrogant nature, an attribute that Melinda thought suited him very well. The suit was low-key but luxurious at the cuff, and the shirt was made of dark blue lace. The smooth lines hugged Jonas's well-toned figure.
	Remembering the description of his hair style that Melinda had written about in one of her books, Jonas applied a penny sized glob of gel on his finger tips and rubbed through his hair from the roots to avoid applying too much. His slick hair emphasized his plump forehead and sharp eyes.
	Outside the villa, Yulia was pacing up and down under a tree, burning through a small path, an indication that she had been there for a while. She looked into the villa from time to time and finally heard some noise. Immediately her demeanor changed, she suddenly hunched over her stomach, her face contorted into a painful expression while furiously rubbing her stomach and hurried into the villa.
	"Jonas, my stomach is aching," stated Yulia as she staggered into the living room. "The family doctor has gone out with Grandpa today. Can you please take me to the hospital for a test? I feel like I'm dying."
	Yulia rushed over and pulled Jonas's sleeve, which wrinkled instantly from how roughly she has handling it. Jonas narrowed his eyes with displeasure.
	"Where is Gavin?"
	Jonas slowly removed Yulia's hand from his sleeve, then pushed her a little bit to get some space to walk around and helped her to sit down. He impatiently looked at his watch and realized that he was running late.
	"I have looked all over for Gavin but I can't find him. It hurts. Jonas, please help me."
	Cold sweat broke out on her forehead. Yulia shook off Jonas's hand from her shoulder and huddled herself up on the floor, almost rolling in pain.
	Looking at her painful expression, Jonas pursed his lips tightly while his brows wrinkled tightly in deep thought. Yulia observed his face carefully and then continued to exhale loudly.
	Jonas's thoughts were interrupted by his very loud ringtone.
	At the sight of the name blinking on the screen, a smile appeared on Jonas's face.
	"Mellie."
	"Are you on your way? What time should we expect you to arrive?"
	Melinda asked as she looked around the venue analyzing the situation. Everyone was ready and the event would be starting anytime. Jonas was expected to make an appearance within an hour, so Melinda had called to touch base with him and remind him that they were expecting him.
	"I'm leaving the mansion right now. Don't worry. I know I promised that I would be there and I plan to keep my promise."
	At that moment, he didn't have anything holding him back and so he decided to go straight to the venue.
	When Yulia heard Jonas's statement, his words pierced through her heart as if he had struck her with a sharp blade. Her heart sank and she clutched her sleeves tightly. 'Damn Melinda, she has the nerve to call just as I have put my plan in action,' she cursed in the heart.
	"Okay. Take care of yourself. Bye."
	Melinda answered the phone with one hand and covered the mouthpiece with her other hand to contain the noise as they spoke. Right after she hung up, the editor walked over.
	"Hasn't the mysterious guest arrived yet?"
	"I called him just now. He has confirmed his availability and he is on his way," said Melinda.
	She had a lot of confidence in Jonas, but somehow her eyelids kept twitching a sign that something bad was about to happen and she had a bad feeling in the pit of her stomach. Melinda took a deep breath and chalked her doubts to nervousness.
	"I will help you by contacting Gavin. There are so many people around the villa. Someone should accompany you to the hospital,"
	Jonas informed Yulia indifferently after hanging up the phone. Then he asked Mary, who worked in his villa, to get in touch with Gavin. If there was still no one, he would ask the kitchen staff to send her to the hospital.
	"Miss Yulia, let me help you so that you can get inside and take a rest. It's cold on the ground."
	Wiping her hands with tissue, Mary untied her apron and walked carefully to Yulia's side. However, Yulia gave her a lethal, cold glance, which made her hands tremble with fear.
	Mary assumed that she was overreacting and felt that she must be too old to see things clearly. She didn't want to believe that she had seen such a malicious look on Yulia's face.
	After taking Yulia into the house to have a rest, Mary asked someone to make a call to Gavin. Yulia sat on the couch, pulled out her phone and then put it back in her bag.
	"Mary, can you get me a glass of hot water? I am very thirsty."
	Yulia licked her lips and said in a hoarse voice. Mary reluctantly stood and went to the kitchen to get some water. Without getting noticed, Yulia sneaked into the bathroom.
	After carefully locking the door, she took out her phone and dialed Emily's number. It was answered immediately. It seemed that Emily had been waiting for her call.
	"I didn't manage to stall my brother. He is now heading to the launch event," Yulia said with her back against the door, her eyes closed. Hatred burned through her heart like lava in a volcano.
	"Weren't you supposed to pretend that you were sick? Did your brother ignore your condition and still decide to go for Melinda's event?"
	Emily asked in surprise. Then she remembered Jonas's personality. If he didn't care about someone, he would not spare a second look towards them, even if they were about to die.
	Emily's words, however, had made Yulia hate Melinda even more. She was seriously ill. How could Jonas do this to her? He had left his sister in pain, just because of a call from Melinda.
	"You'd better come up with a new strategy on how you are going to stall him."
	Yulia didn't want to have that discussion anymore. What happened just now was like an insult to her. Fortunately, not many people witnessed her humiliation.
	When Yulia walked out of the bathroom, she saw Mary looking for her anxiously. When she spotted Yulia, Mary breathed a sigh of relief.
	"Gavin has organized the driver and a servant to send you to the hospital," Mary said as she brought some hot water to Yulia.
	"I went to the bathroom just now and it seems I am just on my period. I'm fine," Yulia said as she held her stomach.
	She acted like a shy girl as if she was embarrassed to have caused such a fuss. Mary bought her act immediately.
	At the same time, Jonas was speeding through the high way. Although he was sure that he had enough time to reach the venue, he didn't want to make Melinda any more anxious than she already was. Generally it would take about an hour for him to arrive at the venue from the Gu's mansion. However, according to his current speed, he could make it in about forty-five minutes.
	When he drove out of the suburb, he crossed through the urban bridge. The buildings on both sides of the bridge were receding at a high speed. Jonas gradually slowed down, as the traffic in the city grew heavier. He couldn't willfully drive around like a crazy lunatic.
	Emily had investigated the road from the Gu's mansion to the site of the event and come up with the most obvious route that Jonas would use. She waited by the side of the road that he would use. As soon as she heard the sound of his Ashton Martin, she moved into the road moving towards the oncoming vehicle.
	Jonas saw a car appear out of nowhere, driving on the wrong side of the road. He stepped on the emergency brake bringing the car to a sudden halt, while gravel splattered at the back of the car. A familiar person came out of the car.
	Emily got off the car and hit the hood of the car, her face full of anxiety and helplessness. When she saw Jonas's car, her eyes flashed with excitement, and then she rushed forward and knocked at his window.
	"Jonas, is it really you?!"
	Emily said happily, clasping her bag nervously to her chest as she used all her acting skills.
	"Can you please move your car to the side of the road? I need to get through."
	It was the only road, and it was narrow. Emily's car was blocking his way, so he couldn't drive through.
	The smile on Emily's face froze, and then she said in a sad tone, "I don't know what's wrong with my car. It has refused to start no matter what I do."
Chapter 98 The Mysterious Guest
	It was nearly noon and the sun was blazing in the sky but the gentle breeze that swept on the road carried a pleasant coolness. Seeing the two cars parked in the middle of the road, the other cars behind that of Jonas's began to take a detour.
	Emily glanced at Jonas's chiseled jaw and the tiny stubbles that were peeping out. That was when she realized that she was obsessed with him.
	"Is anything wrong?"
	Jonas frowned and looked at his watch again. Emily did not miss the anxiety in his eyes. She was determined to stop Jonas from attending Melinda's book launch event.
	"Yeah, I don't know what happened. It's not starting. I don't know how to check the car and see if something is wrong with it. Can you help me?"
	Emily asked as she raked her eyes across Jonas's face, trying to read his expression. He nodded and got out to inspect her car.
	"Is something wrong with the car?" Emily asked as she followed Jonas.
	"Give me the keys."
	Emily handed the keys and Jonas tried starting the engine but it screeched loudly and refused to start. Just when Jonas tried starting the car again, he saw a picture of him and Emily, when they were young, hanging in the car.
	Emily bit her lip with excitement when she caught Jonas glancing at the photo. She had hung the picture on purpose to find out if Jonas still cared about the relationship they had in the past.
	His jaw tightened as he looked at the picture and finally pulled it apart. Emily's eyes widened with shock. She wanted to stop him but her legs refused to move.
	"Jonas…" Her voice was barely above a whisper.
	"I don't want you to hang this in the car. It could cause unnecessary misunderstandings."
	Emily's heart sank. She couldn't snap out of the shock. Jonas held the picture and glanced at her coldly.
	He wasn't immature to rip the photo but he knew that Emily shouldn't have hung the picture in the car where everyone could see.
	"Yes… err... I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that. I won't do that again, I promise,"
	Emily said shakily as she put the pendant inside her bag.
	Her curly hair was a little dry due to long neglect. She was weak as she had not taken good care of her health. Her chin was narrow and bony as she had lost a lot of weight.
	"I can't figure out what is wrong with the car. You can ask someone to help you repair it."
	Jonas frowned at his clothes that were stained and wrinkled. He sensed that something was wrong but he didn't want to waste his time here.
	"Oh, okay."
	Emily took her phone and glanced at the wallpaper. It was a picture of her with Jonas that she had taken at his place. Emily wasn't afraid of Melinda then. Although Jonas was always cold, she felt safe and secure around him.
	She felt that Jonas always had her back. She was sure that her plan would work and she could have him back.
	But the pictures meant nothing to Jonas. He was standing on the pavement, staring at a distance, wondering what was going on.
	He felt that there was a reason behind Emily's actions.
	All the guests had arrived at the venue of the book launch event. The walls were filled with autographs, and the crew brought small gifts for the people who had come to attend the event.
	"Melinda, the event is about to start. Hasn't he come yet?" the editor asked anxiously.
	"I think he is on his way," Melinda said as she glanced at her phone.
	She called Jonas for the hundredth time but there was no answer.
	She wondered if something had happened to him. Jonas had never failed to attend the call and Melinda became terrified.
	"What's wrong? Are you nervous? You were fine a few minutes ago. Is something wrong?" the editor asked as he saw Melinda's trembling hands.
	"Chill! Nobody is going to wage a war against you. It's your big day and you should enjoy every moment of it," she joked. Melinda forced a smile and excused herself to go to the washroom. She wanted to splash cold water on her face to calm her tense nerves but she couldn't. Her perfect makeup would come off.
	Melinda closed her eyes, took deep breaths, and gradually calmed down.
	She tried calling Jonas for one last time but he didn't answer. She pursed her lips and thought for a while before she sent a message to Kent, asking for help.
	They had planned the book launch in a manner where they would reveal the mysterious guest in the end. Melinda knew that the event would collapse without the guest. She needed someone to save her from the humiliation.
	Jonas was still trying to repair Emily's car. The cellphone on the black sports car that was parked next to Emily's blared with a phone call.
	Jonas had consulted a friend to help him repair the car. He finally found the reason behind the problem and grabbed the tools from the car. Jonas followed his friend's instruction and Emily's car roared to life.
	"Jonas, thank you." Emily smiled gratefully.
	She took a handkerchief and tried wiping the sweat beads that had lined on Jonas's forehead. But he stopped her.
	"You… Err... here, take it." Emily gave the handkerchief to Jonas.
	She couldn't accept that Jonas had moved away from her because of Melinda.
	"No, just give me a piece of tissue," Jonas mumbled.
	Emily snatched the handkerchief and went inside the car to grab him some tissues.
	She also took a bottle of water and gave it to Jonas. He washed his hands until it was squeaky-clean.
	Jonas tidied his shirt. A frown lined on his forehead as he couldn't smooth the wrinkles on his shirt.
	"Jonas, thank you so much. If you don't mind, can I invite you for dinner as a token of appreciation?"
	Emily asked, hoping Jonas would say yes. She checked the time and breathed a sigh of relief. It was already late and there was no chance for Jonas to attend the book launch.
	"No, thanks,"
	Jonas said as he crumpled the tissue and aimed it at the trashcan on the road. The tissue fell right into it.
	"Why are you still here?" he asked, arching an eyebrow.
	"Oh, yeah, I'll leave now..."
	Emily mumbled as she turned to say goodbye to Jonas but he had already left without looking back. Jonas got into the car and slammed the steering wheel angrily.
	The car that had been blocking the intersection had left. Jonas glanced at his watch.
	It was eleven o'clock in the evening. He knew that he couldn't make it to Melinda's book launch irrespective of how fast he drove.
	Jonas picked the phone and saw the missed calls from Melinda. His heart sank.
	The book launch came to an end as Melinda finished answering all the questions. Everyone was more curious to find the mystery man than listening to Melinda's answers.
	Everyone guessed that Jonas would make a dramatic entry. But the hall fell silent when Kent entered.
	"The mysterious guest is none other than Kent," Melinda announced, smiling at him. "I believe all of you are familiar with the novel. Kent is my senior in college, but more than that he is a wonderful friend who changed my life. It was him who guided me towards the path of literature and believed in me when no one else did." The hall broke into thunderous applause.
	Melinda turned to look at Kent. "Thank you for being a spark of light during the darkest days of my life."
	Melinda meant every word she said. She was grateful to him for having her back every time she fell.
	All she had to do was one phone call and Kent was here to her rescue by posing as the mystery man.
	Kent spoke about Melinda's talent and everyone listened to him intently. Melinda heaved a sigh of relief as the even came to an end without a hitch.
	"I'm proud of you," Kent finally said.
	He was happy to witness Melinda's achievement. She had become stronger and Kent admired how she managed to handle everything gracefully.
	The interview was over and the reporters left one after the other. Melinda plopped on a chair and closed her eyes. She could finally rest.
	"Is your wife mad at you for coming here?" Melinda asked, nervously.
	"My wife is your biggest fan. She said that she wouldn't let me in if I don't return with a signed copy of your book. Will you do the honors, Ma'am?" Kent joked.
	"Of course I will." Melinda chuckled.
	Her phone rang and Kent noticed that the smile on her face fell when she saw the screen.
	"Kent, I need to take this call."
	Melinda scurried to a corner and hid behind a pillar. She swallowed loudly when she saw her phone blink with Jonas's name.
	She picked the call as her heart began to drum wildly in her chest.
	"Mellie, where are you?" Jonas asked. He knew that the launch event had come to an end and thus didn't mention anything about it.
	Melinda was relieved to hear his voice but anger rose from the pit of her stomach.
	"Jonas, do you still remember your promise?"
	Melinda asked angrily.
	Jonas could sense the unconcealed disappointment in Melinda's voice. This wasn't the first time he had let her down. Melinda was mad at herself for trusting him again.
	"Mellie, I'm sorry. I was on my way to the event but something happened."
	Although it was late, Jonas still drove to the venue. He regretted disappointing Melinda but couldn't muster the courage to tell her the truth.
	Melinda felt that Jonas was hiding something from her.
	"Do you think that you can get away with everything by apologizing?"
	Melinda had endured a lot of pain and suffering because of Jonas and an apology meant nothing to her.
	"I met Emily on my way here..." he trailed off.
Chapter 99 A Traffic Jam
	Jonas pursed his lips. He knew why Melinda insisted to know. After hesitating for a while, he finally opened his mouth in attempt to say something.
	Melinda's eyebrows furrowed and her lips instantly formed into a line the moment she heard Emily's name. She did not even bother waiting for Jonas to continue. Instead, she hung up the phone abruptly while she felt a tightness form in her chest.
	How many more times did she have to feel hurt for her to see that she did not mean anything at all to Jonas?
	As long as Emily was in the picture, all her illusions were shattered.
	Jonas stared at his phone in shock after hearing the sound of the beep on the other end. He tried calling her again, but the line was busy. Melinda was definitely mad at him.
	Melinda took several deep breaths as she tried to calm herself down before heading towards the direction of Kent who was currently talking to another editor. As soon as they saw her approaching, they immediately stopped whatever it was they were discussing about.
	"Miss Mo, I hope I get to have the chance to work with you next time. You are very good with words," the editor praised.
	His face showed regret over just meeting Melinda after she had already found a company to work for.
	A lot of people thought at first that Melinda's writing was too dark, but strangely it was clean. If one were to look into it carefully, they would realize that the persistence of a stubborn person in the darkness was not something any ordinary writer could easily possess.
	Because of the strong contrast, her writing became even more distracting.
	"I'm glad you appreciate it. I suppose that the opportunity will present itself soon." She smiled politely and shook the editor's hand.
	"I won't be disturbing you any further, then. Let's have another chat soon when you have some free time."
	The editor then turned to face Kent, smiling as he held out his hand. "I'm looking forward to our collaboration."
	"It would be my honor," he replied.
	The editor left not long after both of them shook hands. Melinda figured that the collaboration they were just talking about meant Kent would work with this magazine.
	Kent glanced over to Melinda. "You look pale. Today must have been exhausting for you."
	He was actually aware that the phone call Melinda had a moment ago was the reason behind her miserable expression. After all, Kent was a clever man.
	Melinda let out a soft sigh. "Yeah. It has been bothering me for days."
	She was always actively participating in the whole process even though the studio mainly handled majority of it. Naturally, she would be exhausted.
	"We have an appointment later. Why don't you take a break for a while?" Kent gave her a sympathized look.
	Although it was obvious that he did not approve of Jonas not showing up today, he would not say it out loud. The current situation between him and Melinda was a sensitive topic.
	All the questions and answers for the interview were already prepared in advance so Melinda did not have to worry about how to answer properly. As soon as Kent had left, Melinda crashed herself into the lounge's sofa.
	"Okay, the launch event was a success. You don't have to worry about the rest. I'll handle it. I've already arranged for a driver, so you don't have to drive, and could leave now."
	The editor couldn't help but find Melinda's appearance kind of funny. She had always acted like a gentle and elegant lady in front of others.
	Melinda forced a smile. "Thank you, dear editor."
	She did not really want to return to the Gu's mansion at the time, yet she didn't want to say it out loud either.
	The staff continued to take photos of the venue. As soon as Melinda came out, they hurriedly rushed over, eager to take a few shots of her before they proceeded to clear out the props that scattered around.
	The driver that her editor had arranged for her had difficulties returning to the downtown area from the Gu's mansion since the place was isolated enough to even get a taxi. Eventually, Melinda asked Gavin to send the driver back to the city, feeling once again the inconvenience of being able to travel to and from the mansion.
	Jonas had been waiting for Melinda in the living room as soon as he returned home. The sight of him quietly carrying Momo in his arms was a rare occurrence, seeing that he looked so arrogant most of the time.
	Momo meowed at the sight of Melinda. It sounded as if it was complaining to her about something.
	"Mellie, are you angry?" Jonas asked quickly.
	He knew it was a stupid question. It was clearly obvious from her cold expression, even to Gavin, that she was angry.
	Generally speaking, now that the book launch was over, she should have a bright smile plastered on her face instead of the sad frown she currently had.
	Since Jonas and Melinda hadn't returned home together, Gavin felt that something was wrong.
	Wasn't Jonas supposed to attend Melinda's event today about her new book?
	Melinda completely ignored Jonas while he stared at her expectantly. Instead, she reached out towards Momo and silently hugged it without so much as a glance back towards the man.
	The cat purred and obediently approached Melinda. She patted the cat's head as it continued to purr contentedly.
	"Ah, here. I have brought you a gift," Jonas said.
	He knew that he was purposefully ignored and wanted to catch her attention, so he took out an expensive looking box from the sofa. Inside it revealed to be a collarbone necklace.
	When Jonas saw the necklace at the mall today, it instantly reminded him of Melinda. He had always thought that her collarbone was beautiful.
	"I don't want it," she told him.
	Melinda took a glance at the beautiful necklace in front of her. It was adorned with uniquely designed diamonds that were sure to perfectly highlight the beauty of one's collarbone. It looked very delicate and expensive.
	If she weren't angry at Jonas that moment, she would have accepted the gift. However, seeing that it was supposed to be a means of compensation from Jonas, she found herself subconsciously rejecting it.
	"I chose this especially for you. Please try it on," he urged.
	Jonas wasn't sure on what he was doing, but he quickly gathered the courage to fasten the necklace around Melinda.
	"It's very beautiful," he told her as he observed the chain dangling from her neck.
	The corner of his mouth lifted up to form a small smirk as he thought to himself that he had good taste in buying jewelry. Melinda showed discontent and wanted to remove it but Jonas stopped her.
	"This is my own way of apologizing to you for what happened today. Please don't refuse it, okay?"
	Even though Jonas had sincere intentions when he admitted his mistake, his expression showed the complete opposite.
	Their conversation somehow came to a halt when Nelson entered the villa with Yulia. Yulia seemed to be enjoying the fact that Jonas and Melinda had been fighting.
	"How did your book launch go, Mellie? Did everything go well?" the old man inquired.
	After hearing from Gavin that Melinda had returned home, he immediately went to find her without bothering to wait for Melinda to greet him at the door.
	Melinda could not help but smile at the old man. "The event went well. Thank you for your concern, Grandpa."
	Although she appreciated Nelson's concern, she did not want him to find out that she was upset with Jonas.
	Nelson loved her so much that if he knew that she was upset he would get angry at Jonas himself.
	Melinda only wished for the elders to experience only happiness every day.
	She could not however successfully hide her anger towards Jonas. It was pretty obvious from her expression. Nelson was also very perceptive, looking back and forth between the two of them.
	"Is there something wrong, Melinda? You do not look quite well," Yulia inquired in a worried voice.
	It didn't take long for the old man to figure out what was wrong with Melinda. Noticing this, Melinda reluctantly smiled and finally gave up.
	She couldn't hide her displeasure any longer.
	"I'm fine. I'm just exhausted from today's events, that's all." Melinda shrugged.
	Nelson raised an eyebrow at her and turned to Jonas. "I thought you were with Melinda at the launch event. Did you not help her?"
	Jonas felt even more embarrassed with himself as the old man accused him.
	"Jonas, were you not able to make it on time? I'm sorry I made you late. I was spoiled too much. I didn't expect..." Yulia stammered. "I didn't think..."
	Yulia's face turned red. Her eyes cast downward, unable to speak any further.
	Melinda felt weird all of a sudden. Why was Yulia being involved? Wasn't his absence because of Emily?
	"What's going on here?" Nelson asked.
	The old man was confused. What had Yulia got to do with this? The girl suddenly looked terrified as her eyes darted towards Jonas before attempting to explain.
	"It's my fault, Grandpa. I made a mistake." Her lips trembled.
	Melinda suddenly recalled hearing a faint cry of pain beside Jonas when she was on the phone with him earlier. She did not expect that it belonged to Yulia.
	However, it didn't matter. Yulia was not the reason Jonas wasn't able to make an appearance. It was Emily.
	"Melinda, I'm so sorry. I had no idea that Jonas had an important schedule today." Yulia's voice croaked.
	Melinda's attention was on her. Yulia's eyes were welled up with tears. She looked back at Melinda with sincerity.
	"It's not your fault. You do not need to apologize." Melinda tried to reassure her.
	"All right, hold on. All of this is confusing me." Nelson turned towards Jonas. "What's going on? Why didn't you show up at Mellie's book launch event?"
	Nelson was still trying to figure out what was going on, but what he understood clearly was that Jonas did not attend Melinda's launch event.
	"Mellie, didn't you tell me that Jonas would be the mysterious guest at your book launch? Did it cause you any problem when he did not show up? Do you want me to make some calls?" Nelson looked over to her with concern.
	Nelson acted quickly.
	Jonas felt even more ashamed. It was supposed to be a publicity stunt after all.
	"I'm fine, Kent assisted me," she told the old man.
	Even though his face went pale at the mention of Kent's name, Jonas knew he deserved it. He wasn't able to do anything but to keep his mouth shut.
	He had to give a reason as to why he wasn't able to attend Melinda's press conference. If he told them what really happened, Nelson would be furious at him and he would definitely upset Melinda even more than she already was.
	"I was caught in a traffic jam. When I finally arrived, it was already too late," he reasoned.
	The real reason why he got stuck in traffic was because Emily's car had broken down. He could not just leave her there so he tried to help.
	Melinda scoffed upon hearing his explanation. She found that Jonas was really good at lying.
	Even though she had no idea what exactly took place, she was absolutely sure with one thing. Emily was definitely involved.
Chapter 100 Not Trust Him
	"You was caught in a traffic jam? Don't you have a plan about what to do? How could you make such a stupid mistake?!"
	If only his grandpa could point at Jonas's head and scold him. Nelson knew that Jonas was far from the kid he used to be. He couldn't do it anymore. Nelson tapped his walking stick on the ground, trying to vent out his anger.
	"I'll be more careful next time."
	Even if his grandpa's words were too harsh, Jonas acknowledged his mistake. Nelson sighed helplessly. He knew that as a child grew up, there were just some things that he could no longer control.
	"Mellie, he needs to have a proper lesson. Don't get angry because of him. It's not worth it."
	Melinda was familiar to the sound of Nelson's words. It was as if it was the same tone she used whenever she comforted him.
	"Okay, Grandpa. I'm a little tired now. I'm going back up to my room to rest for a while."
	Melinda looked exhausted, so Nelson urged her to head on her way. Meanwhile, Jonas just intently looked at Melinda, as if he wanted to say something to her. However, he hesitated, and the words just got caught on his mouth.
	"Grandpa, I think it's best if I stay with her,"
	Yulia gingerly suggested. The atmosphere in the living room was truly awkward. They all knew that Melinda was very upset with what happened.
	"Go ahead. And be mindful of you words, okay? Make sure you comfort her,"
	Nelson ordered, worrying that Yulia might say something that could make Melinda feel even worse.
	When Melinda was finally in her room, she ruthlessly pulled off the necklace around her neck, leaving a bright red mark on her skin. Gritting her teeth, she threw the necklace on the dresser and rubbed her neck to soothe the pain.
	If Nelson wasn't there, Melinda would've definitely snapped at Jonas. How coincidental and convenient it was for Jonas to encounter Emily like that!
	"Jonas, you're such an immoral scumbag!"
	Melinda shouted, glaring at the necklace. Then she sat down and buried her face in her hands.
	'I've already decided not to get involved with him anymore,' Melinda thought. 'I know I shouldn't be angry... But I just can't help it!'
	From the looks of it, Melinda was starting expect more and more from Jonas.
	Suddenly, she heard a knock at the door, and then came Yulia's voice, "Melinda, can I come in?"
	"Yeah, sure," Melinda said as she patted her face, trying to calm herself down.
	The moment Yulia opened the door, she scanned the room to look for Melinda. When she saw her sitting in front of the dresser, she immediately went up to her.
	Melinda was surprised that Yulia would come to her at this time. Plus, she seemed to care about her a lot today. Also Yulia became friendlier to Melinda the past few days. Because of this, she couldn't help but think differently about her.
	"Melinda, are you okay?"
	Yulia asked with care. Taking a deep breath, Melinda stood up and went to the sofa. Yulia sat beside her, looking around the room curiously.
	"I'm fine. Thank you for your concern."
	In the past, they had a lot of conflict with each other. Even if Yulia had changed, it still didn't mean that Melinda was willing to share everything with her.
	"Melinda, don't be so angry. You should tell my brother about it. Otherwise, he wouldn't realize that he's made a big mistake today."
	The righteous indignation was obvious in Yulia's eyes as she poured a glass of water for Melinda. A hint of sadness flashed in Melinda's eyes, and she thought that Yulia had a point—Jonas deserved an explanation.
	Besides, Jonas really looked like he didn't realize where he was wrong. Even though she was still angry with him, she realized that Jonas probably didn't even do anything wrong.
	Now, Melinda started to feel guilt in her heart.
	"I'm sorry for what happened today. If I hadn't delayed Jonas, he wouldn't have been stuck in traffic,"
	Yulia mumbled in a light voice. Just before Melinda could say something, Yulia continued, "Then again... If Jonas really cared about you, why did he go out so late?"
	Blinking, Melinda couldn't help but think that Yulia had another valid point. 'That's true... Jonas doesn't care about me at all,' Melinda echoed in her heart.
	If he really cared about her and her new book launch, he would do everything in his power to make sure he got there on time. That was just the way he was.
	But as long as it concerned Emily, nothing else mattered more.
	"It doesn't matter now. What's done is done. If he had gone out earlier, he wouldn't have been caught up in such a situation," Melinda sighed. "What about you? How are you feeling now? Are you feeling any better?"
	Truth was that Melinda and Jonas had plans to go out today. But then, all of a sudden, Jonas said he had something urgent to deal with. Melinda felt so stupid for falling for the trick.
	"I'm fine," Yulia smiled through her teeth.
	Melinda's words brought a flush to Yulia's cheeks. In a hurry, she found such an excuse to delay Jonas. As a result, everyone in the mansion knew she was menstruating.
	"Jonas has always been ignorant of his own mistakes. His promises mean nothing. Melinda, you must do something about it. Make him learn his lessons!"
	It sounds like Yulia was comforting Melinda, but her words reminded her that Jonas had stood her up.
	"At that time, the morning rush has already passed, and the noon rush hasn't come yet. Which road did Jonas drive? How could there be a traffic jam?"
	Yulia asked in confusion as she quietly observed the expression on Melinda's face.
	Suddenly, Melinda's face turned pale. How could Jonas be stuck in traffic during that time? It was becoming clear that Jonas was lying so that he could protect Emily.
	"Don't think about it too much, Melinda. It is possible that Jonas was really stuck in traffic. After all, the traffic in A City is very heavy."
	Yulia attempted to make up for her mistake seeing that Melinda was feeling down. Her goal had been achieved. However, no matter what Yulia was going to say next, Melinda didn't take any action.
	Jonas accompanied his grandfather as Yulia went downstairs. When he saw Yulia coming down, he asked, "Is she asleep?"
	His tone sounded a bit stiff since he was not used to care for Melinda in front of others. Yulia's head shook helplessly.
	"Jonas, you should really apologize to Melinda. She is still sad."
	"Well, I don't have much to say to you two. You should apologize yourself. She really needs some comfort,"
	Nelson said. Jonas nodded in agreement and Yulia trotted to support Nelson.
	Jonas was still hesitating when they were coming out of the villa. But, still, he walked towards Melinda's bedroom. He gestured awkwardly, raising his hands but immediately dropping them. Finally, Jonas turned the doorknob and pushed the door open.
	Melinda was about to change her clothes and rest when she heard the sound of the door opening. She was shocked, especially since she saw Jonas. Her face was turning red with anger.
	"Jonas, what are you doing here? Don't you know how to knock?"
	"This is my bedroom, too. Why should I knock?"
	Jonas said. He didn't seem to be apologetic at all. He went straight to Melinda, frowned, and closely stared at her as he tried to find out what Melinda was thinking.
	"Jonas, can you be reasonable, even just for once? Please get out!"
	Melinda angrily said as she pointed at the door. Jonas didn't care. He simply thought that she was creating unnecessary drama.
	"You're the one who is reasonable, Melinda. Things have happened, and I've already apologized. What else do you want me to do?"
	In his mind, he thought that he had done enough. He even went to pick up a gift as an apology present. It was okay for him if Melinda didn't appreciate it, but she should not show her displeasure about him in front of Nelson.
	"So, you think it's my fault? Jonas, you're the one breaking promises. If you really think you're not wrong, just tell Grandpa that you were not stuck in traffic today and that you didn't come to my book launch because you saw Emily."
	At the moment Melinda suddenly thought of a joke on the Internet—no woman could fully understand what was going on inside a man's head, and she found some sense in it.
	Her accusation sounded like she was mad at Jonas for not telling their grandfather the truth. He felt as if she was threatening him using their grandfather.
	"I was really planning on attending your book launch. On my way to the venue, I happened to meet Emily. Her car was stuck in traffic. I can't really control that, can I?"
	Jonas, in truth, was in such a hurry to attend the book launch. He took the more convenient way to get there, which was by car. But, he couldn't really foresee the traffic ahead of him.
	"Wow, it seems that fate has brought you two together," Melinda sarcastically said.
	Melinda didn't believe any of Jonas's excuses. Couldn't Jonas change his ways? In the end, it was just about Emily.
	'Emily, Emily, Emily.' The name kept echoing in Melinda's mind. It was driving her crazy.
	"You don't believe me?" Jonas asked.
	He had already compromised a lot, but in the end, Melinda still didn't trust him. Jonas thought about the moment the accident happened, when Melinda asked Kent for help. The thought made Jonas feel very jealous.
	"Jonas, you haven't done anything that can make me believe you."
	"If you don't believe in me, then who will you believe in? Your good senior Kent?"
	Jonas couldn't control himself at all. He had a violent expression in his eyes as he reached out and caught her wrist. His strength was out of control.
	Melinda cried out. She bit her lips to stop herself from crying loudly. With tears in her eyes, she looked at Jonas stubbornly.
	"Yes. At least Kent won't break his promises to me!" Melinda said, gritting her teeth.
	Jonas was irritated with Melinda's answer. He was furious and stared straight at her. Because of the tension, Melinda was having trouble breathing.
	"Damn it!"
	Jonas exclaimed. Melinda struggled to keep Jonas away, but she was no match for him. As Jonas tried to restrain himself, she hit herself hard against the cupboard. For a moment, she was extremely dizzy.
Chapter 101 Emotional Flooding
	Melinda finally came back to her senses. Her elbow was bruised and there was a sharp pain on her head. She looked at Jonas who was glaring at her.
	Melinda rubbed her head and fumbled around to find something to support her. Her fingers accidentally touched the photo frame on the bedside. She squinted her eyes to see what it was. Anger rose from the pit of her stomach as she slammed it on the floor.
	The shattering sound of the frame woke Jonas.
	He sat upright on the bed and looked at Melinda. His face became flustered when he realized what he had done.
	"Mellie, I..."
	Melinda rubbed her forehead and glanced at the photo frame. She bent down and slowly picked the fragments of the glass. All the happiness and joy had broken along with the photo frame.
	She trailed her fingers across the photo, her vacant eyes stared at the smiling faces. She mercilessly ripped the photo apart.
	Jonas's heart ached. He wanted to stop Melinda but he didn't know what to do.
	"Mellie... err... Are you okay?"
	Jonas asked worriedly. He was mad at himself for losing control. He fisted his palm into a ball until his knuckles turned white. He wanted to punch the wall with his bare hands until he broke his bones. Jonas knelt next to Melinda and whispered soothing words but nothing seemed to work. He didn't know how to pacify her.
	"Wow! Trying to embrace me with the hand you slapped me with. Classic move," Melinda scoffed.
	She raked her eyes across the bedroom and saw the mess. Her head began to hurt. Jonas looked like a little kid who had done some mischief, anticipating the punishment with bated breath.
	"I want to rest."
	Melinda was exhausted both physically and mentally. She wanted to forget everything and sleep peacefully.
	She trudged towards the bed and hugged herself to sleep.
	She had been busy the entire day, managing the book launch. She fell asleep in no time. Her tense shoulders relaxed and her back rose and fell in rhythm with her breathing.
	Jonas walked to the bed and sat next to her. Melinda's hair was splayed across her face, covering the bruise on her forehead. Jonas's heart sank when he saw the frown on her forehead.
	His eyes roamed across Melinda's face as if he was looking at a rare treasure. Jonas's jaw tightened when his gaze fell on the wound on Melinda's forehead. He slowly lifted the quilt and checked the injury on her elbow.
	The angry red bruise made him hate himself. He quietly left the bedroom to look for the medical kit.
	Of course, Jonas had no idea where it was. Thankfully, Mary told him. He returned to the bedroom, carefully cleaned Melinda's wound, and then sank on the bed.
	The guilt was consuming Jonas and he couldn't stop blaming himself. He didn't have the strength to face her. He stroked the side of her face and whispered, "I'm sorry."
	Jonas packed the medical kit and left the villa in a hurry.
	He had handled work affairs in advance to attend Melinda's book launch event.
	However, things didn't work according to plan.
	Everyone at Soaring Group seemed relaxed without Jonas around. They were happily chatting and laughing. The glass door of the office flew open and Jonas entered. The office fell silent as everyone froze in shock.
	"Boss... You... you're back," William muttered.
	Jonas stormed into the office. The employees stared at each other, wondering what Jonas was doing here.
	"What happened to our boss?"
	"He seems to be in a bad mood."
	"We have to safeguard ourselves from his anger for one more day. All of you be careful and don't do anything that would piss him off,"
	William said helplessly. They had to be careful and avoid making Jonas angry. Otherwise, everyone would fall prey to his rage.
	Everyone nodded in agreement.
	Just when they were discussing, William's phone blared with the call from the CEO office. The room fell silent as everyone looked at William pitifully.
	William picked up the phone and swallowed loudly.
	"Boss," he croaked.
	"William, bring all the documents in."
	A shiver ran through William's spine when he heard Jonas's cold voice. He didn't know the documents that Jonas was referring to but he didn't dare to ask him about it.
	"Take care."
	"Take care." Everyone stepped forward and patted William's shoulder.
	William hung up the call and racked his brains to find out the documents that needed immediate attention. He stacked all the documents that needed to be finished within three days and gave it to Jonas.
	"Are you kidding me? Is this all we have to do?"
	Jonas grunted as he looked at the pile of documents before him. William flinched at Jonas's tone. He couldn't understand what he had done wrong and brought the documents that needed to be handled the next week.
	Jonas's desk was soon overflowing with the files from different departments. The contract passed through smoothly but its efficiency had declined.
	The image of Melinda smashing the photo frame kept flashing in Jonas's mind. He couldn't concentrate on anything.
	He had returned to the company to immerse himself in work but nothing seemed to fill the void in his heart. William informed the employees that Jonas looked depressed.
	Jonas's mind was a mess. He couldn't handle even a day's work as his mind kept wandering to Melinda.
	He was frustrated that he couldn't concentrate on work. "Damn it!" Jonas grunted and shoved the documents to the floor. William heard the noise and immediately stood up.
	The employees looked at each other but no one dared to enter Jonas's room to check if he was okay. William anxiously walked near the door to see if he needed anything but decided against it.
	"William," Jonas bellowed.
	Everyone chuckled at William's timid face. William groaned and walked to Jonas's office.
	He took a deep breath, knocked on the door, and entered the CEO office.
	"Boss."
	"Ask someone to tidy it," Jonas said, pointing at the mess on the floor.
	He slumped on the chair and closed his eyes. He wanted to abandon work and go back to Melinda but he was terrified to face her.
	William immediately called his assistant to sort the files. The assistant arranged everything and placed the files and papers on the desk. But Jonas glanced at it and looked away, he wasn't in the mood to deal with work.
	William was worried about Jonas but he didn't want to upset him by asking what had happened. He decided to call the Gu's mansion and check if something was bothering Jonas.
	Jonas was lost in thought and didn't notice the phone vibrating on the desk.
	Disappointment settled in the pit of his stomach when he looked at the caller ID. He thought that Melinda had called him but the call was from an unknown number
	"Hello."
	Jonas muttered as he picked the call without checking the number.
	"Jonas, are you okay?"
	Emily asked concernedly. She had received a call from Yulia who informed her about the argument between Jonas and Melinda. Yulia even told her that she heard the noise of Melinda smashing something.
	"What do you want?" Jonas asked flatly.
	"Jonas, are you in a bad mood? Do you want to meet and talk about it? You'll feel better if you share your feelings with someone,"
	Emily said empathetically.
	Jonas couldn't comprehend his emotions. He was stressed and his body was limp. He couldn't understand his feelings for Melinda.
	Jonas had failed to understand Melinda in the past and every revelation about her surprised him. He was sometimes suffocated by his thoughts and feelings. But he knew one thing for sure: Talking with Emily was a bad idea.
	"No, thanks," he mumbled.
	Things were already messed up. He didn't want to talk with Emily and intensify Melinda's doubts.
	He didn't make a mistake and didn't want to seem like a bad guy before Melinda's eyes.
	"All right, you can call me if you need anything, okay?" Emily said compassionately.
	Jonas hung up the phone without answering and angrily threw it away. He stood up and walked to the French window that was festooned with green plants. He glanced at the traffic and sighed.
	Jonas involuntarily plucked a leaf. His hollow eyes stared at the thick veins, running across the green leaf.
	After a while, he threw the leaf away. Jonas picked his phone and car keys and left the office. He was disturbed and staying at the office seemed pointless. He wanted to go home and spend time with Melinda.
	Although he had fought with Melinda, he could find peace only around her—it was torture.
	On his way home, Jonas decided what he needed to say to pacify Melinda. He kept telling himself that he needed to control his emotions.
	"Mellie, how's your wound?" Jonas asked as soon as he entered the villa. "Let me apply the ointment for you."
	Melinda was wearing a long-sleeved shirt and her hair was ointment. Jonas couldn't see the wounds.
	"Mary, bring a glass of milk at nine. I'm going to my room."
	Melinda ignored Jonas and walked to her room. Jonas felt dejected but he wasn't ready to give up. He followed Melinda to the bedroom but she slammed the door on his face.
Chapter 102 Trouble In The Bar
	Melinda was cold to her husband the whole night, and it wore on his already fragile state. He wanted to vent his emotions somewhere; they were becoming too heavy for him to carry for much longer.
	But every time he felt like he could no longer bear it, every time he moved to do something, the memory of the past afternoon reared its head like a glowering beast ready to devour him.
	Then he would grow somber, and become dispirited, and would always end up retreating back into his own room.
	The place had been his bedroom not so long ago.
	But as he stood there, he had the vague sense that it didn’t belong to him anymore, didn’t welcome in the way it always did in the past. The walls were painted a light of slate gray, and gave off a cool, sort of emotionless atmosphere to the room.
	He had few personal belongings left here; he had brought most of them with him to Melinda’s room. In fact, this room had been rather empty for a while now. Only servants would come up regularly to clean.
	Jonas sat at the edge of the bed and ran his hands down his face. Then he flung his body back on the covers, arms out, and stared at the ceiling.
	The room felt cold. Was it always this cold in here? He hadn’t felt this cold since he started sharing a room with his wife.
	He missed the warm, cozy feeling he would always have once he stepped in there. A faint scent of her shampoo or her lotion would always linger in the air, in the pillows she slept on. The sight of her cluttered desk always brought him comfort, despite the disarray.
	He closed his eyes and sighed heavily. Emily’s parting words echoed in his mind. Jonas hesitated for a moment, then took out his phone and dialed a sequence of numbers.
	"Jonas." Emily answered his call almost immediately.
	"Are you free right now?"
	Although his tone was still cold and a little hostile, Emily took it as a good sign. She honestly doubted he would never call her at all, but there it was.
	She would be stupid if she didn’t take advantage of that opportunity. Maybe she could worm her way into his heart again.
	She knew all too well how badly her presence could strain Jonas's marriage; if she played her cards right, she could widen the rift between the couple, and Yulia could land the finishing blow.
	"Yes of course," she answered hurriedly, afraid that he might change his mind. Realizing she might come off as desperate, she changed her tone and tried to sound coy. "Would you like to meet up?"
	"Yes." Jonas's answer was curt, and his voice terse.
	He couldn’t get anything done even if he wanted to anyway. The documents were sent over from his office, but he wasn’t in the right state of mind to be dealing with business at the moment.
	He was consumed by yesterday’s events, and since he could not distract himself from those horrid thoughts, he decided he might as well dive into it.
	And his muddled brain inferred that in order to understand the inner workings of a woman’s mind, perhaps he needed to speak with a woman.
	It was just that the woman he needed to be communicating with had shut herself off from him.
	"I’m guessing you’re in a bad mood," Emily said carefully. "What do you say we go to a bar? I know somewhere that's really cozy and private. You can unwind and relax there without worrying about a thing."
	Jonas said yes without thinking. He wasn’t capable of thinking straight anyway. Emily then gave him the name and address of the place, and he went to change his clothes after they hung up.
	As soon as he was out on the hall, his feet took him straight to Melinda’s door. He stood there for a few moments, hesitating, wanting to call out to his wife.
	In the end he turned without doing anything and left the villa, the tires of his black sports car screeching as he drove out of the mansion gates.
	Contrary to Emily’s claims that the bar was "private," it was packed with what looked to be a very fun-loving crowd that night.
	As soon as Jonas entered, heads turned to his direction, eyeing him up and down as he strode to the bar counter. Women in various groups of three or five huddled and twittered among themselves as they ogled and pointed at him.
	"Long Island Iced Tea," he ordered as soon as he reached the counter.
	"Hey handsome," a woman in a short, silver strapless dress sidled next to him. "Why don’t you try some Stay Out Tonight?"
	She drawled out the name of the drink, grinning at him with a sort of vulgar invitation. Stay Out Tonight was, in fact, a rather strong drink, and not a lot of people could hold it in.
	The smell of the drink alone was enough to make the weaker ones dizzy. It had a dangerously high alcohol content.
	Jonas shot the woman a look of disgust once, and then ignored her. The bartender said nothing as he prepared the drink that was ordered and placed it gently on the counter. Jonas downed his glass in a single gulp.
	The cocktail had none of the effect he was aiming at, so he motioned for the bartender again. "Whiskey."
	The glasses kept coming after that. Whiskey was known to burn the throat as it went down, but Jonas just kept throwing it back as if it were non-alcoholic.
	With the amount that he was drinking, the bartender worried at some point that he may not be able to pay for everything he ordered. Luckily, he recognized the famous brands that Jonas wore, including his expensive watch.
	Soon it was well past his meeting time with Emily, but the woman still wasn’t in sight. Not that Jonas cared.
	He was finally starting to feel numb against all the angst he was holding inside. He slammed his glass on the counter as he downed another shot.
	"Would you like another refill, sir?" the bartender asked warily. 'Can he handle some more? Won't anything happen to him later on if he keeps this up?'
	Although it was a common trope to drown one’s sorrows in alcohol—and the bartender had indeed seen many such scenes throughout his years—there were few who had ever drunk as much as Jonas was drinking.
	"Aw, it’s no fun to drink alone," came a woman’s soft voice. "Let me drink with you." Vaguely, Jonas saw a hand shoot out and grab his yet untouched refill of whiskey. He imagined the woman must have chucked the drink herself in the silence that followed.
	But very soon he heard a choking sound, and then there was endless coughing. He finally opened his eyes wide to get a good look at the woman beside him, though he was still in an obvious daze.
	Emily’s throat was on fire.
	"Are you all right?" the bartender asked her as she kept on coughing, and then handed her a glass of water which she downed in a couple of gulps. She was gasping for air when Jonas finally recognized her.
	"Hey, here you are!"
	He signaled the bartender for another glass of whiskey, and this time the latter was prompt with his refill, no longer worried. Company had come for the drunk customer, after all. Whatever happened after they left the bar counter was no longer any of his concern.
	"Do you have any empty seats out there?" Emily leaned over the counter as she asked. "Please arrange a booth for us."
	The bartender complied, and they were soon ushered into one of the VIP rooms. Emily gave out her order, and a platter of fruit and a bottle of wine was brought to them.
	Jonas was drifting in and out of consciousness. They had a perfect view of what was going on down on the floor, where a performance of some sort went on, but he didn’t give a damn. To him, they just happened to change their location, but the drinking was still in full swing.
	"Sorry I was late," Emily said in a breathy voice. "I got held up in traffic."
	She took a sip of the mixed wine, which was exponentially milder than the whiskey, and felt a little better after her awful coughing fit. The truth was that she had been in the bar long before Jonas showed up, but didn’t approach him until he got himself visibly drunk.
	"What did you say?" Jonas asked, his senses impeded by all the alcohol he consumed.
	Emily didn’t mind it, and repeated herself calmly. She didn’t stop him from downing more drinks, either, and would refill his glass when it was empty.
	The music started to get louder, until they had to lean closer to each other to hear what they were saying.
	"Jonas," Emily whispered in his ear. "Let’s go dance."
	She stood up and pulled Jonas, who staggered to his feet. They moved into the crowded dance floor. Jonas's ears were ringing with all the noise. His head was aching, and the room was spinning. He struggled to get his bearings, and moved to leave the dance floor, but Emily quickly clutched at his sleeves and pulled him back.
	She danced around Jonas, throwing her hands up in the air as she swung her hips seductively to the music. Jonas only stood there and narrowed his eyes. A crowd of dancers came between them, and in the blink of an eye they were separated practically by a sea of people. Several girls immediately pounced on him, pulling at his arms and shoulders from all directions.
	"Hey handsome, let’s dance!" One of the girls curled her arm around Jonas's and tugged, but he only pushed her away.
	Emily saw it all play out, and smiled to herself in satisfaction. It was obvious Jonas wasn’t used to this kind of scenes, with all the people and the loud noise. With great difficulty, she made her way back to his side and grabbed at his clothes.
	She stood on tiptoe to once again whisper in his ear. "Jonas, there are too many people here. Should we hold hands so we don’t get separated again?"
	He didn’t react to what she said. He only looked around once, and reluctantly let Emily hold on to his arm. At that, her grin only grew wider, and she looked very much like a cat that swallowed a bird.
	The DJ began to play some fiery beat, and the dance floor immediately ignited.
	Emily was down with the music, and kept dancing around Jonas, shaking her hips unnecessarily, constantly brushing against his body and trying to whisper in his ear.
	Jonas made no attempt to push her away; in fact, he didn’t show any sign of irritation at all. Instead, he remained a stoic wall of ice, and if there was anything brewing in him, it was impatience. She soon had to give up her little show to save face, since people were starting to stare at them: a woman seemingly desperate to seduce a man who displayed blatant disinterest.
	The moment she stopped her "dancing," Jonas strode back to their booth. And he promptly resumed drinking.
	As she realized his behavior was all rooted to Melinda, Emily’s head clouded with jealousy. "Jonas, won’t you stop drinking? There’s a lot of other fun things to do here. How about we play dice?"
	He did not reply, but Emily was not to be dissuaded. She asked some of the people around them to come play with them. In a matter of seconds, their booth was filled with players.
	"I’ll call the number first!" Emily initiated. She was used to this kind of stuff after all. The players began to roll the dice, and although he didn’t want to, Jonas had no choice but to join in as well.
	Despite being under heavy influence of alcohol, he was quick to recognize that none of the players was a match against him.
	He had a good eye for observation, and kept track when the others were bluffing. It didn’t take long for him to identify their tells.
	More importantly, being the ruthless businessman that he was, he had a talent for speculation, and his hunches were always right.
	After a few rounds, several players Emily invited got obviously drunk. Jonas was about to throw the dice when he suddenly felt Emily leaning close to him. "Jonas, that person..." she whispered as she looked at him with frightened eyes. She motioned to the man beside her. "He’s been touching my hands and brushing against my legs frequently."
	Jonas looked over and saw the man in question biting into a watermelon, minding his own business. "Jonas," Emily whined urgently, tugging at his arm. "Help me."
	Needless to say, the man did nothing of what she accused him to have done. He might have glanced at her a couple of times, but made no move to assault her or cause any kind of trouble.
	Jonas did not know this, of course. His inebriated state, coupled with the pressure from Emily, drove reason out of his judgment, and he pulled Emily up and made her sit on his other side.
	The man turned to him in concern. "Is something wrong, buddy?"
	"You don’t deserve to call me buddy!" Without preamble, Jonas rose from his seat and landed a violent punch on the man’s face.
	The man fell to the floor, and girls began to scream.
	Jonas was on a rampage, and he seemed no longer able to fully control his own actions. "I dare you to call me that again! Who do you think you are, talking to me like that? Did you think I’d let you crawl out of this place alive?"
	The man struggled to get back on his feet. One hand covered his bleeding mouth as he tried to get his bearings. He might have broken a tooth or two.
	He actually came from a rich family himself, and was a regular at this bar. As such, most of the staff, as well as many other regulars, knew him.
	People quickly swarmed around him as soon as the scuffle broke out. "How dare you beat up my bro!" a burly man roared. "Do you want to die?" He lunged at Jonas with his fist, but the latter was quick to dodge the blow.
	He may have been drunk, but his instincts were still sharp, honed in the years that made him known as a tyrant.
	Besides, all the violent energy thrumming in the air only served to sharpen his senses even more. If anything, Jonas was even more terrifying now than he usually was in the corporate jungle.
	Out there he would control himself and temper his attacks when he lashed out. But in here there was no stopping him.
	He had already hit a man without hesitation, so hard the skin was beginning to bruise.
	"Holy shit, where’s the manager?" somebody called out. The incident was rapidly escalating, and something had to be done before anything worse happened.
	A couple of minutes later the manager was among them, and behind him stood several security guards.
Chapter 103 A Drunk Accident
	The manager wasn't aware of who Jonas was, but looking at his expensive outfit, he could guess that Jonas was from a rich background. The manager was terrified of Jonas. He glanced at his regular customers and understood that he needed to handle the matter with care. He should make sure not to offend anyone.
	Emily darted towards Jonas and held him. He was too drunk and swaying aimlessly. It was hard to imagine that he was the one who reacted quickly in the fight just now.
	"Jonas, you are drunk," Emily groaned and held him firmly but she couldn't control him.
	Jonas didn't answer but continued to glare at the manager. He felt better after venting his anger but was annoyed the moment everyone stopped him. He wanted to beat the man until he felt better.
	A chill ran through the manager's spine when he looked at Jonas's bloodshot eyes. He was afraid that Jonas would hit him as well. He swallowed loudly and stepped back.
	Everyone had seen Jonas beat the man but he was too drunk to explain why he had assaulted him. Emily apologized, but no one realized that she was the one who started the fight.
	"I apologize on behalf of my friend's behavior. He is drunk. We will pay for the drinks,"
	Emily said apologetically. She tried taking the wallet from Jonas's pocket but he slapped her hand away.
	"Jonas give your wallet to me. We need to pay."
	Jonas shoved his hand inside his coat, pulled out a black leather wallet, and gave it to Emily.
	Her heart sank when she opened the wallet and saw the picture of Melinda and Jonas. They were holding each other, smiling happily.
	Emily resisted the urge to rip the photo apart. The manager heaved a sigh of relief when Emily said she was paying the bill. He immediately went to the counter and asked them to prepare the bill for Jonas, adding the man's bill to his account.
	Emily skimmed through the contents of the wallet and found that Jonas didn't have enough cash. She thought for a while and pulled the black card out. The manager's respect for Emily and Jonas grew multifold when he saw the card. Only a few big shots in A City possessed the card.
	"Can you lend me a hand to take him to the car?" Emily said breathlessly as she tried balancing Jonas's weight. Although Jonas looked thin, Emily couldn't sustain his weight.
	The manager took one of Jonas's arms and positioned it around his shoulder as he held his waist firmly and ushered him out of the bar. The farce had ended and people in the bar continued their games.
	A gust of cold wind swept across them as they walked out of the bar. The cold breeze soothed Jonas's parched skin.
	With the manager's help, Emily somehow managed to hoist Jonas inside the car. Beads of sweat formed on Emily's forehead. She leaned against the door and took a deep breath.
	"Miss, if there is nothing else, I'll go back and continue with my work."
	The manager blew out a loud breath and wiped the sweat off his forehead.
	"Thank you," she said.
	The manager narrowed his eyes and looked at Emily. He felt that he had seen her before. When he returned to the bar, he finally realized that she was the once-popular super star, Emily Bai.
	The manager nodded and thought that Emily was not as innocent as she was advertised. His bar paid attention to maintaining the privacy of its customers. The information of its customers would be retained within the four walls. But the manager was curious to find who Jonas was.
	Emily had downed several glasses of wine and her face was flustered. The cold wind woke her up and she got into the car and sat on the driver's seat.
	Jonas was sprawled over the backseat, his tall body crammed in the narrow space. The car reeked of alcohol.
	Emily took the powder compact and lipstick out of her bag and fixed the makeup. She stopped and glanced at Jonas through the rearview mirror.
	She rubbed her lips with the tip of her finger and wiped her stained finger on Jonas's shirt.
	Emily was determined to ruin Jonas's relationship with Melinda. She would go to any extent to break them up. Although she resorted to cheap techniques, deep down, she knew that Melinda would believe it.
	Jonas was unconscious and oblivious to Emily's sinister plans. He grunted as his temples throbbed painfully. He hadn't been drunk in a long time and his system couldn't cope up with the alcohol.
	Emily started the car and drove across the familiar streets that led to the Gu's mansion. It was late at night and the street was desolate with just a few cars on the road. An hour later, Emily's car halted in front of the mansion.
	Emily rolled the window down and peeped out. "Jonas is drunk. I've come to drop him."
	The security guard recognized Emily and opened the gate as he informed Gavin about Jonas's return.
	Gavin was anxiously waiting at the door as the other servants accompanied him.
	"Miss Bai," he greeted politely and opened the door of the car.
	Gavin crinkled his nose in distaste as the strong smell of alcohol filled his lungs.
	"Gavin, Jonas is completely drunk. Ask the servant to make something to sober him up."
	"Miss Bai, thank you for dropping Mr. Gu back. But it's late at night and you should go home."
	The servants helped Jonas out of the car. Nelson was still awake and he quickly came to the courtyard when he heard the commotion.
	Nelson's brows furrowed when he saw Emily.
	"Why are you here?" he asked coldly.
	Emily flinched at his tone and smiled awkwardly. "Jonas is drunk. I came to drop him."
	Nelson's frown deepened. "Why is he with you?"
	"Jonas was upset over something. He wanted to talk to me about it."
	Nelson's face turned pale as he looked at his grandson with disgust.
	"Jonas was kind enough to help me this morning, so I couldn't refuse his offer," Emily said. "Grandpa, I know that you don't like me, but you cannot break our friendship."
	Nelson became furious. He wanted to smack Jonas with his walking stick until he knocked some sense into his head.
	Emily was pleased with Nelson's reaction.
	She thought that nothing could stop Jonas from seeing her.
	Disappointment resided in the pit of Nelson's stomach. He understood that Jonas had lied to him about being stuck in the traffic jam this morning. His anger reached its peak. Nelson shuddered and held his chest with his hand. Yulia ran towards Nelson and caught him before he collapsed on the ground. She stroked Nelson's back, trying to calm him down. Yulia looked at Emily. "Thanks for dropping my brother safely. I'll take care of him. You better go home before it gets too late."
	Then she turned to Gavin and asked, "Gavin, can you arrange someone to drop Emily home?"
	Yulia knew that Nelson couldn't tolerate Emily. Therefore, she decided to send Emily away before things got worse.
	Nelson instructed everyone to keep this information away from Melinda.
	Before leaving, Emily gestured to Yulia. It was a simple action but only the two of them could decipher the meaning.
	"Send her back. I don't want to see her," Nelson mumbled.
	Gavin nodded and asked a servant to take Nelson to his room. The rest of the servants carried Jonas to the small villa. Jonas was creating a ruckus on his way, but Melinda didn't bother to come out and see what was going on.
	"I'll go upstairs to check if Melinda is asleep," Yulia said.
	When they reached the yard, she noticed the light in Melinda's room. Yulia guessed that she was awake. She quickly went to the second floor and knocked softly on the door.
	Yulia heard the sound of footsteps and soon Melinda opened the door. She was in her pajamas and her disheveled hair was tied to a bun. Melinda's forehead was still covered with gauze and she looked like she was in pain.
	"Melinda, you're still awake."
	Yulia smiled awkwardly and glanced at the wound. She thought that the fight between Jonas and Melinda had become violent. It wouldn't be easy for them to reconcile.
	"I am going to sleep," Melinda muttered.
	She was awake, waiting for Jonas to return. Melinda couldn't stop worrying about him but she was too proud to call Jonas and check if he was okay.
	"Jonas is drunk. You..."
	"Oh, you can just put him on the sofa downstairs." Melinda stopped Yulia before she finished her sentence. "There is a quilt in the bedroom downstairs. Mary knows where it is," she said coldly.
	Yulia's eyes widened with shock. She blinked and looked at Melinda, trying to read her expression. "Anything else?" Melinda asked, crossing her arms across her chest.
	"No... Nothing."
	Melinda closed the door, leaving Yulia in shock.
	Yulia went back to the living room and informed Gavin about what Melinda said. Gavin's face changed but Mary reacted quickly.
	"Mrs. Gu was injured. She cannot take care of Mr. Gu. Why don't you take him to the guest bedroom downstairs? I will keep an eye on him."
	"All right, you go and tidy up the guest bedroom,"
	Gavin said as he was left with no choice.
	"I clean the room every day. I just have to make the bed," Mary said.
	The servants took Jonas to the bedroom, ignoring the strong odor of alcohol. They carefully placed him on the bed and left.
	Jonas hated being touched by others, so Gavin thought that he needed to ask Melinda to help Jonas change his clothes.
	"All of you go back and rest. Mary, do you want me to stay here and help you out?" Gavin asked thoughtfully.
	"No, I can manage. I'm going to make some tea for him. It will make him feel better when he wakes up."
	The villa fell silent as everyone left. Melinda leaned against the window and watched everyone leave. Once she was sure that no one was around, she snuck downstairs to check on Jonas.
Chapter 104 The Promotion Of The New Book
	Melinda walked into the guest bedroom with a set of pajamas for Jonas. Mary was busy in the kitchen and didn't notice her. Melinda lost her cool when she saw Jonas lying on the bed like a dead corpse. The smell of alcohol made her sick in the stomach.
	Melinda fetched a basin of water from the washroom. She removed Jonas's clothes and carefully wiped his body. She was exhausted by the time she changed his clothes.
	Melinda blew out a loud breath as she glanced at Jonas. He looked better but Melinda was sweating profusely. She angrily threw the wet towel on Jonas's face.
	Jonas frowned. He took the towel from his face and threw it aside.
	"Are you annoyed? It is I who should be annoyed after all this drama,"
	Melinda scoffed. She threw Jonas's clothes into the laundry basket outside and went back to her room. After making sober tea, Mary walked into the guest bedroom. She glanced at Jonas and smiled in relief.
	She was happy that Jonas and Melinda cared about each other despite their quarrels.
	Jonas felt a piercing pain in his head when he woke up the next morning. He rubbed his temples and felt as if his head was about to explode.
	He squinted his eyes and glanced at his watch. It was only six in the morning. He knitted his eyebrows as the bedroom looked strange to him. Jonas tried recalling the events of the previous night.
	"Ah!" he groaned.
	Jonas looked at his clothes. He breathed a sigh of relief as he realized that he was in his pajamas.
	"Mr. Gu, you are awake. I have made some tea. It will cure your hangover."
	Mary was preparing breakfast. She quickly gave Jonas a cup of tea and went back to work. Jonas took a sip of the tea and soon felt better.
	He walked to his bedroom to wash his face but the door was locked from inside.
	Not wanting to disturb Melinda at this hour, Jonas returned to his bedroom and took a long shower until he was relaxed.
	Nelson had been thinking about Jonas's connection with Emily and couldn't sleep well at night. He felt sorry for Melinda. Nelson's health was deteriorating and he wasn't sure how long he could protect Melinda.
	Unable to deal with the confusion and turmoil, Nelson went to play Tai Chi in the yard. Jonas walked out in time and Nelson immediately stopped him.
	"Don't you want to tell me what happened yesterday?" he asked, taking a deep breath.
	He plopped on the stone bench and looked at Jonas.
	Jonas studied Nelson's face and saw the disappointment in his eyes. Nelson adored Jonas but he hated his relationship choices.
	"I'm sorry, Grandpa. I won't get drunk again."
	Jonas looked at the ground, feeling ashamed of himself. He thought that his grandfather was angry because he had returned home, completely drunk. He didn't know that it was Emily who dropped him home.
	Nelson's anger rose steadily. "Emily dropped you home last night. What were you doing with her?" He scowled.
	Nelson wanted to reprimand Jonas for his actions last night. But Jonas was too drunk and became unconscious.
	Nelson didn't expect that Jonas would start lying to him the moment he woke up.
	"We ran into each other at the bar last night. I got drunk and I've no idea what happened," Jonas said.
	"That's enough, Jonas. I know that you're still lying. Do you think that I'm too old to see through your lies?"
	Nelson angrily hit the ground with his walking stick. Jonas cast a quizzical glance at Nelson and realized that Emily might have said something to him.
	"I always think that you're a smart, responsible guy. But you keep breaking your promises over and over again, and I'm sick of it. I'm disappointed in you, Jonas!"
	Nelson closed his eyes and sighed. Jonas opened his mouth to say something but he ended up swallowing his words.
	"Grandpa, trust me. I know what I am doing."
	"How can I trust you when you can't keep your promise?"
	Jonas didn't want to justify himself. He knew that he had let his grandfather down.
	"I'm sorry for wasting your time. You go ahead with your work. You've grown up and I can't control you anymore."
	Nelson's words pricked Jonas's heart. He wouldn't have felt bad even if his grandfather had hit him but the disappointment in Nelson's voice made him hate himself even more.
	Although Nelson forgot about Jonas's drunk fiasco, the atmosphere in the Gu's mansion was still tense. Melinda was preparing for the promotion of her new book.
	The publishing company had contacted libraries in major cities across the country to hold a small event for promoting Melinda's new book. Melinda was busy preparing for the event.
	She informed Nelson about the book tour and he gladly let her go. He knew that Melinda was disturbed lately and traveling would keep her mind off the things that were bothering her.
	Jonas had been leaving early for work and returned home late. Melinda usually locked her room and Jonas had to sleep in his room. However, when he came home this evening, the bedroom door was slightly opened and the light was on.
	"Are you still awake?" Jonas asked, standing hesitantly by the door.
	His eyes widened when he saw Melinda pack her things. He couldn't stand there anymore and walked in without waiting for Melinda's answer.
	"What are you doing? Are you going to break the contract?"
	Jonas asked desperately. His heart sank as he thought that Melinda had decided to leave him. His mind was whirling and he didn't know how to stop her.
	But he regretted the moment he uttered the words. He had been stupid enough to bring up the contract when things were already chaotic.
	Jonas was afraid that Melinda was going to leave him. He looked helplessly and cluttered her luggage.
	Melinda was startled by Jonas's move. She blinked and looked at him as she couldn't understand what he was doing.
	"What are you doing, Jonas? What are you talking about?" Melinda grumbled with annoyance.
	"You are leaving. Aren't you?" Jonas asked angrily.
	Melinda took a deep breath and told herself that Jonas was stupid. She wasn't in the mood to argue with him but she had spent more than half an hour packing her things and was mad at him for ruining her luggage.
	"Don't worry. I'm not breaking the contract. I need go on a trip and I've been packing my things for that."
	"Where are you going?" Jonas asked curiously.
	"Don't you know that I'm going to be promoting my new book? Oh, wait. Why would you care about me or what I do?"
	Melinda snatched her things from Jonas's hands and began to pack her things. She had to travel to many places, so she packed all the essentials.
	Jonas remembered about Melinda's book tour only after she told him. Before the launch event, she had told him that she would have to do some promotions.
	Melinda had two bags. Jonas leaned against the wall and watched her pack clothes, cosmetics, skincare, and all the essentials that she needed for the trip.
	It had taken a long time for Melinda to pack the things. After packing everything, Melinda placed the suitcases at the corner of the room. She arched an eyebrow and looked at Jonas, gesturing if he needed anything else.
	Jonas cleared his throat and asked, "So, you'll be busy for the next few days, right?"
	Melinda rolled her eyes and turned away. She grabbed her pajamas, ready to take a shower and go to bed early. Melinda saw Jonas still staring at her. She glanced at him and went to the bathroom.
	Jonas was lying on the bed, staring at the ceiling, lost in thought. He snapped to his senses when he saw Melinda return from the shower. He continued to stare at Melinda but she shifted on the bed and slept with her back to him.
	"Can I come and see you after I finish work?"
	Jonas asked cautiously. They hardly talked with each other recently and Jonas already started worrying about Melinda. He didn't know what he would do without seeing her for more than two weeks.
	"Forget it. I cannot expect Kent to save me every time," she said, without turning to look at him.
	Melinda couldn't forget how Jonas had made her suffer by not turning up at the book launch event. Jonas didn't try justifying himself because he knew that it was his fault.
	Neither Jonas nor Melinda could sleep well that night. They tossed and turned in bed, tormented by their thoughts.
	The next morning, the publishing company sent an assistant to pick Melinda from the Gu's mansion. The assistant arrived on time and waited for Melinda in the yard of the small villa.
	"Let me help you with the luggage," Jonas said in a hoarse voice.
	His eyes were bloodshot as he hadn't slept well last night. Melinda was scared to look at him.
	She didn't say anything and quietly went downstairs. Nelson came to send her off and instructed the assistant to take good care of her. He wanted to arrange a personal assistant to take care of Melinda but he couldn't find someone in a short time.
	Melinda left and began to concentrate on the promotion of her book. Jonas felt lonely without her. He felt as if Melinda had taken a piece of himself with her. Melinda was busy and didn't contact Jonas and didn't bother replying to Jonas's messages either.
	Jonas made sure to read the information that Melinda posted on Weibo. He paid attention to what Melinda was up to and the places she went to promote her book.
	Jonas was worried as Melinda looked thinner in the pictures she posted on Weibo.
	By the end of the second week, Melinda fell ill. The intensive promotions had taken a toll on her body. But she had a tight schedule that she needed to abide by, irrespective of her health.
	After the first round of the tour, Melinda was scheduled to visit the neighboring province of A City. Kent sent a message to Melinda after he saw the announcement. He told her that he was in the same city and requested her to take care of her health.
	"Why are you not paying attention to your health? Don't you know that good health is cardinal to success?" Kent said.
	"The book promotion will get over in a few days. Don't worry, I can manage."
	Kent helped Melinda in promoting her book. She returned to the hotel early and chatted with Kent before going to bed.
	"I'm working on a new book. Are you interested in collaborating with me?" Kent asked.
	"You want me to partner with you?"
	Melinda asked in shock. The collaboration of authors was normal but Kent catered to a different audience. The genre of his books were different from the romance stories she usually wrote.
	"Yeah. If you don't mind, I'll talk to your editor about it," he said.
	"Well, even I'm hoping to experiment and explore different genres. We will discuss everything when we go back. I'm happy to work with you," Melinda said.
	Kent was happy and briefly explained his style of writing and the gist of the book he was working on. He believed that working with Melinda would make things easier.
	Jonas was lonely without Melinda. His life felt empty without her. He was miserable and couldn't concentrate on anything as his mind was filled with the thoughts of Melinda.
Chapter 105 Labor Strike
	Jonas had been distracted and restless, which made him inefficient at work. This brought trouble for William but he didn't dare to tell Jonas that something was wrong. William was worried about the company. He was struggling hard to make things right.
	The last stop for Melinda's promotion was A City's library. Many people from the publishing company had come to attend the promotion. Melinda's popularity elevated and she managed to win the hearts of many people.
	The final stop was the most exciting place of all, so Melinda had saved the best for the last. People had lined up in a queue to get Melinda's signed copy of the books and the editors gave the orders in person. The assistant was happy to see that Melinda had received a lot of gifts from fans.
	Melinda's hand became sore as she had been signing for two hours straight. Her right hand became jelly, so Melinda decided to take a break. She wished that she was ambidextrous; that way, she could switch between her hands to sign the copies.
	"You've lost a lot of weight," the editor said.
	"Will you allow me to take rest then?" Melinda asked, touching her hollow cheek.
	She decided to start eating healthy, nutritious food after going home. Melinda's editor wasn't as worried as she used to be. She saw that Melinda was mentally sound and felt that was more important. She didn't want Melinda to have a mental breakdown as writing was a stressful job.
	"You need to rest. Take a break today and remember to protect your hands. You've got to sign ten thousand copies in a couple of days," the editor said nonchalantly.
	Melinda's books became popular on the Internet. The books on online shopping platforms soon ran out of copies as the demand for her books rose steadily. The publishing house had expedited the printing of the second batch.
	Melinda couldn't help but groan when she heard that she had to sign another bunch of books. She rubbed her right wrist and thought that she needed to take care of it. Only then would she be able to sign the copies.
	Once the promotion and signing of the books were over, the publishing company arranged a car to send her home. She didn't inform anyone that she would be coming back and everyone was surprised by her return.
	They were unprepared.
	Jonas was in the middle of an important meeting. As soon as he received the news of Melinda's arrival, he left the meeting halfway to see her. Aron made use of this opportunity to point out Jonas's inefficiency and unprofessionalism to the shareholders.
	Nelson was happy to see Melinda. He was worried that she had lost a lot weight and became tanned.
	"It must have been a tiring journey. I'll ask the servant to make your favorite dishes tonight." He smiled.
	Nelson's concern made Melinda feel at home. She felt good to be with him after traveling all over the country. Melinda told Nelson about the trip and all the exciting things she had encountered. After talking to Nelson, Melinda went to her room to unpack. Although Melinda had taken just two bags with her, she returned with more bags that were brimming with gifts and goodies from her fans.
	Melinda had already informed Gavin to customize a cabinet to hoard the gifts and letters. It took an hour for her to sort everything.
	She took pictures of the gifts and posted on Weibo to express her gratitude to her fans. She posted a long message thanking her fans for their undying love and support. Melinda also informed them that she had returned home safe and sound.
	Her post started to flood with comments and reposts. The fans' love and respect for Melinda grew multifold when they saw her protect and cherish the gifts.
	When Jonas returned home, he went straight to Melinda's bedroom. He saw her checking her phone with a faint smile on her lips. His heart skipped a beat and he felt happy to see her smile after a long time.
	He leaned against the doorframe and continued to stare at Melinda. When Melinda looked up, she saw Jonas looking at her. Their eyes locked and seemed to have a conversation of their own accord.
	Jonas cleared his throat. "Mellie."
	His voice was soft and tender revealing his feelings for her. He wanted to sweep her into a tight embrace and tell how his life was empty without her, how much he had missed her, and how his eyes had been searching for her.
	Melinda thought that she would see Jonas only at night. His sudden visit made her weak in her knees. The vulnerability in his tranquil eyes scared her.
	She thought that she had gotten over him and that she would be unaffected by his presence. But she had overestimated herself. The feelings that she had tried hard to avoid came gushing out the moment she saw his handsome face.
	"Mellie, I missed you so much. I've been thinking about us..."
	"I'm going to take a shower." Melinda cut Jonas off before he could complete his words.
	She ran into the bathroom, locked the door, and leaned against it. She shut her ears with her hands as she didn't want to fall for his sweet words again. Melinda looked at herself in the mirror. Her face was pale and her heart was drumming wildly in her chest.
	"Melinda, don't be too naive to believe his words," she whispered.
	She warned herself not to look at Jonas's deep eyes. She was afraid that she would be lost in the endless abyss.
	Melinda splashed cold water to her face. She closed her eyes, loving the feel of the water trailing down her cheeks. When Melinda opened her eyes, she realized that she had forgotten to bring her clothes to change.
	She didn't dare to step out of the bathroom and check if Jonas was outside or not. Melinda knew that there were bath towels in the cabinet, so she decided to wrap herself in a towel and walk out. They had seen each other's bodies in the past and it didn't seem like a bad idea.
	Melinda's cheeks turned red as the thought of it made her blush.
	The dense fumes from the hot water made her drowsy. Melinda was exhausted by the book tour and the warm water seemed to relax her muscles. She closed her eyes as her body felt light.
	Melinda didn't know how long she had been inside the bathroom. Jonas was patiently waiting for her to return and looked at the gifts Melinda's fans had sent her. He became worried when he realized that Melinda was inside the bathroom for a long time.
	"Mellie, have you finished taking a bath?"
	Jonas asked anxiously. But Melinda didn't respond. She had fallen asleep in the bathtub and suddenly woke up. Her skin broke into goosebumps as the water had turned cold. She slowly opened her eyes and frowned when she heard Jonas calling her.
	Melinda quickly stepped out of the bathtub but she tripped down and hurt her knees. An angry, red bruise had formed on her tender skin.
	She wrapped herself in a towel and limped out of the bathroom. Jonas immediately ran towards Melinda and held her.
	Melinda yelped in shock and wrapped her arms around Jonas's neck. Her face turned red as she was naked and the only thing covering her body was the thin bath towel.
	"What are you doing? Put me down," Melinda said coldly.
	She didn't dare to move as she didn't want the towel to slip off from her body. Jonas lifted Melinda in his arms and carried her to the bed.
	"How did you get hurt?"
	Jonas asked. He thought that Melinda might have twisted her ankle. He checked her leg and found that her knees were hurt.
	"You change your clothes while I go downstairs to get the medical kit."
	Jonas took a brand-new pair of clothes from the closet and placed it on the bed. He had bought the clothes for Melinda and was waiting for a chance to make her wear them.
	Melinda stared at the doorway in shock. She wanted to ask Jonas if he knew where the kit was. But she remained quiet as she thought that Mary would help him out.
	After Melinda changed her clothes, Jonas returned with the medical kit. He carefully applied ointment on her wound as if she were a fragile doll.
	Dinner was usually served at the main villa. But when Jonas informed Nelson that Melinda was hurt, everyone gathered at the small villa to eat.
	"Mellie, you need to eat more. You look weak."
	Nelson loaded Melinda's bowl with food. Melinda smiled at the bowl, brimming with food. She ate everything without complaining.
	Nelson was happy to have Melinda back. He felt that Melinda brought life to the villa. Without her, Nelson had a lonely dinner, staring at Jonas awkwardly, not knowing what to say.
	Jonas's phone rang. A frown lined on his forehead when he saw the caller ID.
	"Excuse me, I have to answer the phone."
	He stood up and went to a corner where no one could hear him. Jonas wanted to hang up the call as soon as he saw the number but he didn't want to feed Nelson's suspicions.
	"Jonas, are you free today? I'm near your company. Do you want to have dinner together?"
	Emily's voice was loud enough to reverberate through the receiver. Fortunately, Jonas was far from the dining table. Otherwise, Nelson and Melinda would have found that it was Emily.
	"I'm home. Don't contact me anymore,"
	Jonas said coldly. The smile on Emily's face was wiped off instantly. She remembered Yulia telling her that Melinda had returned.
	Emily hated that Jonas became distant the moment Melinda returned. Her hatred for Melinda intensified.
	"Sorry for disturbing you,"
	Emily mumbled sadly. Jonas hung up the call immediately.
	He was frustrated that he couldn't have dinner at peace. A few minutes later, Jonas's phone rang again. It was a call from the company. The shareholders were holding an important meeting and they wanted Jonas to return immediately.
	William was left with no choice but to call Jonas. The shareholders took their share of dividends every month, but they always looked for a chance to create trouble.
	William knew that they were calling Jonas on purpose. But he had to call Jonas anyway, as they would make a fuss if he didn't return.
	"Won't you let us have dinner in peace? Just go to the company if you have something to deal with,"
	Nelson grunted as he wiped his mouth with a tissue. Melinda's eyes were glued to her food bowl. She pretended like she didn't hear anything. Yulia ate in silence without uttering a word.
	"Grandpa, Mellie, I'm sorry. There's an important meeting at the company and I have to go. Enjoy your meal."
	Jonas grabbed a coat from the clothes rack, slipped it on his shoulders, and went out with the car keys.
	The shareholders held the meeting to discuss the company's recent issues.
	When Jonas returned to the company, there was no one in the CEO office, except for William. The meeting was scheduled to commence in ten minutes and Jonas didn't have enough time to read the papers thoroughly. He roughly skimmed through the documents and got ready.
	"Mr. Gu, I think the general manager might cause trouble,"
	William said, rubbing his temples as he could do nothing about it. Jonas had been negligent lately. His carelessness harmed the success and profit of the business.
	"Well, if there is nothing else, you can go back home. I will deal with everything."
	William was happy to see Jonas back to his old, energetic self. But he didn't know that it was because of Melinda's return.
	The company had been dealing with a new problem of labor strike. The disputes were unsettled and they couldn't come up with an effective solution. Aron had been rejecting Jonas's proposals on various pretexts.
	The board of directors was attacking Jonas for his inability to solve the problem and make constructive decisions.
	"This is a serious matter and I want the cooperation of the heads. Let me start by listening to your opinions,"
	Jonas said, glancing at the people. The room fell silent as no one could come up with a solution.
	"Why do you want to hear our opinions? You have always made decisions on your own, haven't you? We just have to abide by it without questioning you,"
	Aron scoffed. The shareholders nodded in support. After Jonas came to power, their right to speech and decision-making were gradually taken away.
	Although Jonas's decisions were beneficial for the company, it still made people unhappy.
	They considered Jonas as a tyrant. Aron's words encouraged the shareholders and they agreed with him.
Chapter 106 Resolving A Crisis
	"Yes, Mr. Gu. You're the boss of the company, and the decision-making is all up to you. I hope you can give us an explicit instruction on what we should do about this situation," a shareholder said ambiguously with the encouragement of Aron.
	Aron closed the folder in front of him and leaned his entire body against the chair. His misty eyes under the thick glasses reflected a greedy light.
	"Regarding the strike, I hope everyone can brainstorm and provide a solution. I'm adjourning today's meeting right now. If you have any objections, you can come to my office alone."
	He knocked on the glass table of the conference room and said casually. A group of shareholders looked stunned and went into an uproar, but Aron wasn't a bit surprised.
	Jonas had poured most of his attention on Melinda recently. The staff in the CEO office had often talked about it privately, and Aron knew all about it by the informants he appointed.
	"What's wrong with Mr. Gu? It seems like he can't handle matters well in the company."
	"Yes, the documents I sent him three days ago haven't even been approved yet."
	The shareholders and the managers were busy tweeting about Jonas's attitude of handling things recently. They all showed their dissatisfaction with his performance.
	"Come on. Since Jonas is not an iron man, it's bound to happen sooner or later."
	Aron came out to intervene in the complaint, but still respected everyone's opinions. Even though Jonas had left, the conference room was still bustling.
	Jonas didn't return to the office but went straight to the Gu's mansion. He chanced upon Melinda in the middle of a video call with Kent. Seeing that Jonas came back, Melinda just took a glance at him and then continued to discuss new articles with Kent.
	"We can continue conferring about it tomorrow. My wife has called me,"
	Kent said with consideration after he caught sight of Jonas standing behind Melinda with a long face in the video. Jonas's face softened a little after he heard those words, and he gave Kent an understanding look.
	"Okay, let's meet up tomorrow and discuss it in detail."
	After ending the video call, Melinda put away her mobile phone and turned around as she felt a shadow enveloping her slowly. Jonas leaned closer to her and blocked all the light with his tall body.
	"What do you want to talk about?"
	Full of jealousy, he stared at Melinda stubbornly, trying to find an answer.
	"I don't have to tell you everything. I'm going to rest now."
	Melinda gave Jonas a cold stare. She didn't want him to know that she had joined forces with Kent on her next project because she feared that Jonas might destroy the collaboration.
	Melinda didn't want to say, and Jonas didn't go on asking. His stubbornness disappeared all of a sudden, and he shifted the topic. "My company has encountered some trouble recently. After I sort out this predicament, I'll take you on a trip. Do you have a specific destination that you want to explore?"
	When he mentioned that there were issues in the company, Jonas looked forward to her concern.
	"I'll give you an update later."
	Melinda paused, struggling in her mind, but eventually swallowed what she had intended to voice out. He probably didn't need her care and sympathy. She turned off the chandelier in the bedroom, turned on the lamp beside her bed and mumbled, "If you're staying up late to deal with pressing matters, please do it in the study."
	Jonas wanted to pull her out by looking at the body shape bulging under the duvet on the bed. But thinking that Melinda might be tired after being so busy with publicity these days, he resisted the urge.
	These past few weeks, Jonas didn't have any accomplishments in the company, and the news soon reached Nelson, especially the drawbacks on the workers' labor strike recently.
	He thought that running a company would be an easy thing as long as he was the boss.
	"Your uncle called me last night. He said that you've been completely distracted from your work lately and that the company suffered unnecessary losses because of your wrong decision."
	"I've been in a bad state lately."
	Jonas didn't know what to say in response to Nelson's criticisms. He identified himself better than anyone else about his current condition. He wanted to change many things, but his efforts ended in vain.
	When he calmed down, his mind was full of Melinda. He wanted her to feel his love but failed to find a suitable opportunity.
	"In a bad state? If you can't do it, you should've told me earlier. There are so many people working in the company, and your cousin will be back soon. He must work for the company then. Is it time for you to slack off now, Jonas?"
	Nelson didn't know what was going on in Jonas's mind, but he felt extreme anxiety for his grandson's future.
	With a big and complicated family like the Gu family, the competition for the inheritance of the company was very intense under the table. The fact that Nelson made Jonas the boss without even thinking about the repercussions had caused many protests and grievances from Aron and Aron's son.
	Fortunately, Jonas had an inherent talent for business, and he had been running the company very well. The shareholders' qualms gradually quieted down.
	"Grandpa, I'll handle everything as soon as possible."
	Although his grandpa had always reminded Jonas that he was not the only heir, and could be replaced at any time, he had no apprehensions. He knew that his grandpa just wanted him to have the tenacity and a sense of urgency.
	Both him and Aron were equally crucial to Nelson, but Nelson had favored Jonas since he was still kid.
	"I don't want to hear any promises, but I prefer more action and a positive result. If any shareholders complained to me about you again, it would be your own doing."
	Nelson felt disappointed with Jonas. Jonas couldn't handle his relationship well with Melinda and just took her for granted. He had focused more instead on that sinister woman, Emily. What was more, the shareholders had shown their disapproval of him all over the company.
	Jonas felt stressed. This feeling was similar to the one when he just took over the company. But he was full of enthusiasm then and only wanted to make some achievements at that time. Now, he had too many distractions in his mind.
	"Sir, Miss Gu wants to go out." Gavin showed up at the study just after Jonas left. Since Yulia stayed at home after her grandpa grounded her, she needed Nelson's permission whenever she wanted to go out.
	"Why does she keep on going out lately?"
	Nelson frowned and asked. He didn't allow Yulia initially, so Yulia stayed quietly at home. Nelson saw that she had behaved herself, so he didn't restrict her in the past few days. However, she became active again.
	"Perhaps it was because she felt bored at home. But I can ask her if you want."
	"Never mind. Just let Yulia go as long as she doesn't get into trouble."
	Both Jonas and Yulia left the mansion. One of them went to the company, and the other went to meet Emily.
	Emily wore a pair of big-framed sunglasses and a white, rattan summer hat, so she could only nod her head when she saw Yulia.
	"Can we change our meeting place next time? It's easy for the public to recognize me,"
	Emily said with slight frustration and looked around warily as she thought it would be easy to encounter the paparazzi in such a place.
	Yulia didn't take it seriously and mocked, "There are just a few photographers who are so eager to stalk you, considering your current popular status."
	"Okay, fine. I'm not here to talk about that today. By the way, how are Jonas and that woman doing recently?"
	Since Emily hadn't been able to reach Jonas lately, she couldn't prevent herself from feeling anxious. She wanted to persuade Jonas to invest in her business.
	"They are still in a cold war, but the upper hand is in Melinda. She has always been aloof to my brother. I don't know if she's playing cat and mouse with him. That woman is very scheming."
	To better understand the relationship between the two, she often tried to get closer to Melinda and naturally saw her distant demeanor to Jonas.
	Melinda's indifference and coldness annoyed Yulia a lot. How could Jonas stand that? Perhaps men were naturally tolerant of this kind of emotion.
	"Jonas had fallen in love with her? !"
	Emily exclaimed loudly with eyes full of reluctance and disbelief. She manifested her jealousy by grazing her skin with her fingernails, burying it deep into her flesh.
	"Don't be in such a rush. What we need to do now is to continue sabotaging their relationship. My brother can endure it for a while, but can he live through it all the time?
	I noticed that Melinda and Kent started becoming close. They planned on working together on a new book. Maybe you can get some ideas from Kent's wife."
	"Kent's wife? Kent has been like that to Melinda even when he got married. His wife never blamed him. I don't want to expect any help from her."
	Emily thought it would be unreliable. She had a very vague impression of Kent, and she only remembered that he was very protective of Melinda.
	"By the way, my brother's workers revolted against him and the company. They're going on strike. Can you help him?"
	The affair with Emily was no longer a secret. The media reported the scandal but got suppressed fast, so it didn't become a big deal for the time being.
	"They went on strike?"
	Emily never read the financial section of the newspaper, so she had no idea about strike, neither did Yulia. So after talking with her for a long time, Emily still felt in a daze.
	The final solution was to ask Emily to solve Jonas's problem, in showbiz style, which could lead to a win-win situation.
	Jonas had been stressing about it for a long time, and he didn't expect it to come to an end anytime soon. He had asked William to find out if it was Emily who had been speaking for Soaring Group when she attended an event and even on live stream.
	"Miss Bai helped us out. Mr. Gu, I think you should thank her,"
	William said in surprise. In the past, he didn't have a good impression of Emily. He always felt that she got close to Jonas with a hidden agenda. But this time, he had a completely different opinion on her.
	It was known to all that the staff of the entire office floor was deeply alarmed with this matter. They held close door meetings every day. Those people joined together to commit to this undertaking, but the problem rolled over to Jonas, and he had no choice but to oblige.
	Of course, Jonas was grateful for Emily's help. While he was deep in his thoughts, his phone rang. It was Emily on the other line, and he didn't hang up the phone as he typically did to her calls.
	"Jonas, are you free tonight? I want to invite you to be my date at a party.
	Don't say no so quickly. These people greatly influence the entertainment circle, and many business friends might help you."
	The situation suddenly reversed. Even though Jonas had planned on his next move, he didn't refuse. The party had no significance to him as what she had mentioned.
	"You have been busy with the concerns of the company recently. You should come out and relax. If you don't enjoy it, we can just have a short walk in the street."
	Emily made a lot of effort just to get an invitation to the party, so she persuaded Jonas. On the other hand, Jonas knew that going home and seeing the indifferent face of Melinda would only depress him.
	"Okay, I'll pick you up tonight."
Chapter 107 Emily's Perfume
	After that party, Emily usually invited Jonas to play with her. They would either go golfing or mountaineering.
	Jonas led a monotonous life. He went for work and returned home; he had nothing else to do.
	In the face of Emily's invitation, although Jonas didn't want to go, he couldn't refuse the offer. The two of them went to several places together. The outdoor activities made Jonas relax. He finally got back to his normal self.
	"Jonas, there is a new French restaurant near your company. Would you like to take me there for dinner?"
	Emily asked, picking clothes in a mall. Her cheeks turned red and she was blushing like a woman crazy in love.
	"It's my honor to invite a famous star for dinner," Jonas joked as he seemed to be in a good mood.
	"Don't make fun of me. You know I'm having a hard time."
	Emily frowned and became sad. Jonas felt guilty for making an insensitive joke. He felt that Emily must have been going through some issues and wondered if he should invest in a new series for her to perform.
	"Sorry, I was being stupid. I'm inviting you to have dinner with me so that I can apologize to you in person," Jonas said.
	"Umm... I'll think about it,"
	Emily said, pretending to be in a dilemma. Then they made an appointment and Emily decided not to disturb him further.
	Emily had been happy lately as Jonas always accepted her invite. He never refused to come out with her unless he had important work to do. She could also see that Jonas's opinion of her seemed to gradually change. Everything was back to normal.
	During dinner, the dining hall was empty. Nelson and Melinda were the only ones at the table. Nelson looked unhappy and Melinda didn't know what to say. She ate in silence, forcing the food down her throat.
	Jonas hardly returned for dinner. He had been coming home late and went straight to bed.
	"Did you fight with each other?"
	Nelson asked. Jonas never stayed out late unless he quarreled with Melinda. Her cheeks turned red with embarrassment. "No, we didn't," she said, wiping her mouth awkwardly.
	"You guys are married. You will have to spend the rest of your life with him. If you have any problems, talk it out. Don't keep everything in your heart by letting it fester. A healthy argument strengthens relationships but if you keep things to yourself, it will only make things worse."
	Nelson took a deep breath and looked at Melinda. "I know you might not like what I say but this is the bitter truth. You cannot wait for things to change on its own. We need to communicate our feelings and emotions."
	Nelson didn't want to blame Melinda but he wanted her to understand that Jonas could not always understand her feelings until she talked to him about it. He didn't have the heart to see them constantly fight with each other.
	Jonas was a proud man. Melinda's ignorance would be a huge blow to his self-esteem.
	"All right, it's late. Go back to your room and rest."
	Melinda pursed her lips and didn't say anything. She thought about what Nelson said and realized that she had been arrogant too. Although Jonas was wrong, she felt that she should have talked to him about it.
	On her way to the villa, Melinda was contemplating if she needed to talk with Jonas.
	Melinda felt that something was bothering her but she couldn't find out what it was. Her phone blared with a call from Kent. She involuntarily picked the call and continued to walk in a daze. Kent was talking for a long time but Melinda couldn't hear a single word.
	"Kent, do you think I should talk to him?" she finally said.
	Kent was shocked for a moment. He stopped talking as he realized that Melinda had not been listening to him. Her mind was filled with thoughts about Jonas.
	"Did you fight with each other?"
	"Not really," she mumbled.
	Melinda felt that things would have been much better if they had quarreled but the silence was killing her. She had been lonely and depressed lately. The feelings and emotions that she had suppressed in her heart came flooding out as she spilled her heart to Kent.
	"Damn it! It's Emily again. She doesn't let you live in peace."
	Kent sighed. Emily was a curse in Melinda's love life. Every time things got normal between her and Jonas, Emily always plotted a plan to make their lives worse.
	"Yes, it is Emily again." Melinda laughed bitterly.
	The thoughts about Emily made Melinda's blood boil. Emily was vindictive and always wreaked havoc in her life.
	"I think your Grandpa is right. You need to have a heart-to-heart conversation with him. You'll be able to find out what he wants and make peace with yourself."
	Melinda felt that Kent was right. If Jonas couldn't let go of Emily, she would quit putting an effort. She would walk out of Jonas's life as soon as he inherited the property.
	But leaving Jonas didn't mean that she would let Emily off the hook. Melinda had lost her child because of Emily and would never forgive her for that.
	She wouldn't let Jonas marry Emily as long as she was with him.
	Melinda made up her mind and decided to wait for Jonas in the living room. Mary turned the TV on. The variety show was going on and Emily was the guest.
	Melinda was annoyed and immediately changed the channel. She leaned against the sofa and watched TV. Her eyes became heavy and she was about to fall asleep.
	It was eleven at night when Jonas returned home. He was surprised to see that the lights in the living room were on. A petite figure was curled up on the sofa and an advertisement was playing on TV.
	"Mellie..."
	Jonas slowly walked and sat on the sofa. Melinda woke up as a strong smell of perfume filled her lungs.
	"You look happy," Melinda said, knitting her eyebrows.
	Jonas's usual coldness was gone and there was a twinkle in his eyes.
	Melinda inched forward and sniffed the perfume as she felt that it was a familiar scent. She racked her brains to find out who used the perfume.
	Melinda's stomach flipped and her heart sank when she realized that it was the smell of Emily's perfume.
	Jonas couldn't understand what she was talking about. "If you are tired, go to your bedroom and sleep," he said.
	Melinda saw Jonas's lips moving but she couldn't hear what he was saying. All she could think was about the scent of the perfume. She wondered what Jonas had been doing with Emily. Melinda had been waiting to talk to Jonas but the words were stuck in her throat.
	Her body froze and her mind stopped working. She remembered that a couple of days ago, Jonas returned home with the faint scent lingering on his shirt. But the scent was not as strong as it was today.
	Melinda wondered if Jonas had been hanging with Emily all this time. Emily was perhaps the reason behind his happiness.
	The thought of it made her depressed. Melinda had been tossing and turning in bed and couldn't sleep well at night. Her eyes were bloodshot and there were dark rings around her eyes.
	"Mrs. Gu, why did you wake up so early? It's weekend, you could have slept a little longer,"
	Mary said as she placed the breakfast on the table. Melinda couldn't help but smile. She always worked during weekends.
	"Good morning, Mr. Gu." Mary smiled as she saw Jonas walked down.
	Melinda turned around and saw that Jonas was wearing a simple T-shirt and jeans. His hair was not fixed and it somehow made him look more handsome. She felt that Jonas looked much younger in casual wear.
	"Are you going out today?" Melinda asked.
	Jonas usually wore lounge-wear when he stayed at home during weekends. Therefore, Melinda guessed that he was going out.
	Jonas was shocked to see Melinda who took the initiative to talk to him. Happiness bubbled in his heart but he kept a straight face.
	"Yes, I'm meeting a friend today."
	"For what?" Melinda asked, taking a bite of the sandwich.
	She tried hard to think who Jonas usually hung out with but she ended up feeling disappointed as she didn't know anyone in his social circle.
	"I'm going to play billiards."
	Jonas wanted to ask if Melinda wanted to join him but stopped when he realized that he was meeting Emily. He glanced at his watch and thought that it was time for him to leave.
	"Don't you want breakfast, Mr. Gu?"
	Mary asked in confusion. She glanced at Melinda and the two of them looked at Jonas, inquiringly.
	"I'll have breakfast with my friend."
	Jonas slipped on his shoes and left in a hurry. Melinda glanced at the table filled with nutritious food. She pushed the bowl away as she lost her appetite.
	Melinda couldn't stop wondering why Jonas was in a hurry. Was he really going to see a friend or someone more important?
	Emily had called Jonas to play billiards. They had breakfast in a nearby restaurant at the top club.
	"Looks like you're in a good mood today," Emily said as she saw Jonas smile.
	Emily wore the usual perfume and the scent became stronger as she got closer to him.
	Her closeness made Jonas uneasy. The strong scent of Emily's perfume made him scrunch his nose in distaste. He loved the mild fragrance of Melinda's shower gel and the thought of it brought a smile to his face.
	"Yes,"
	Jonas answered perfunctorily. His mind wandered to Melinda and he couldn't listen to what Emily was saying. He decided to leave home early to be with Melinda. Emily stopped talking when she realized that he wasn't listening to her.
	Jonas was an excellent billiard player but Emily was just a beginner. She had only watched online tutorials and could hardly hit the ball.
	"Don't you know how to play billiards?"
	Jonas asked, frowning. He wondered why she had called him when she didn't know how to play the game.
	"Nope. But I know that you're a wonderful player. Can you teach me?" she asked, batting her eyelashes. Emily had seen Jonas play billiards with friends during middle school. She knew that he was good at it.
	If Jonas agreed to teach billiards, their bodies would rub against each other. Emily had planned everything to make use of the opportunity to get intimate with him.
	"I'll help you get a coach," Jonas said flatly as he didn't like the idea of getting close with Emily.
	Emily's face turned pale. Disappointment resided in the pit of her stomach. Emily had managed to get closer to Jonas in the last few days and didn't realize that he would turn her down.
	She quickly changed her expression and smiled at him. "In that case, I'll challenge you when I know how to play it."
	Emily twirled a strand of hair with her finger and smiled seductively. She was frustrated with Jonas for constantly pushing her away. But she wasn't ready to give up.
	Jonas played two matches but soon lost interest in the game. He sat in a corner and watched Emily play. She was distracted and couldn't play well. Jonas was tired of seeing her miss the ball, so he rolled his eyes and stood up.
	"Emily, concentrate on your practice. I've got to go."
	"Aren't we supposed to have lunch together?"
	Emily's eyes widened. She put her cue down and stopped him.
Chapter 108 Fighting Everyday
	"How about next time? I’ll take you to your favorite restaurant then." Despite his words, Jonas's tone sounded noncommittal, and it irked Emily.
	She pasted a smile on her face and tried to temper her simmering anger. "I’m sorry. I realize I must have taken too much of your time lately. Please go ahead and deal with whatever you need to deal with. I can handle myself."
	Jonas could see that her smile was a little forced, and he felt a small pang of guilt. It soon disappeared in a flash, however, and he hurried out of the room.
	Emily walked to the window and watched as his car zoomed out of the garage and disappeared in the hot sun.
	"Miss Bai, are we continuing with your practice?" It was the coach, who had been in the room for a few moments now. When he first entered, he had found Miss Bai all by herself. He had looked around, confused and unsure what to do, and finally broke the silence when it seemed like his client had no plans to play any more billiards that day.
	"No, I’m feeling rather unwell. Maybe next time." Emily had a hard, cold expression on her face, and she didn’t bother to look at the coach as she addressed him.
	The poor man briefly wondered at the stark contrast between the image of this actress onscreen and the way she was acting in person. Oh well, she did say she wasn’t feeling well; perhaps that was all there was to it.
	"Understood, Miss Bai. Next time you come here, please look for me." With that, the coach left the room, and thought nothing more of his encounter with Emily.
	Jonas drove home at full speed, and his tires screeched on the mansion’s driveway as he stepped on the brakes. He got out of the car in a hurry and stalked into his wife’s villa.
	Melinda was lounging on the couch watching a show, and she glanced at him only briefly as he entered the living room. He paused in the act of taking off his coat. ‘That’s it? Not even a greeting?’
	He rushed back home eager to see his wife; it never occurred to him that she might not share his excitement at finally being together. A heavy lump of disappointment lodged at his throat, but he swallowed it down.
	"What are you watching?" he asked casually as he plopped beside her on the couch. The moment he came close, though, Melinda’s face wrinkled into a frown.
	She turned to give him a look, sniffed once, and then pushed him away with force. "Get away from me."
	He could only gape at her in confusion. He could see the anger flashing in her eyes, but could find no explanation to it. He had done nothing but sit next to her, and he was sure there was nothing wrong with that.
	Seeing his puzzled face, Melinda correctly assumed that her husband thought himself without fault whatsoever. It only served to fuel her anger even further.
	She knew that scent. It was so overpowering that it made a mark in her memory. Besides, it was associated with one of the top candidates as the bane of her existence, so of course she would know that scent anywhere.
	It was Emily’s perfume.
	Even after pushing her husband away, with several feet separating them, the cloying scent of the other woman permeated the space.
	"You were with Emily today," Melinda stated with conviction. She wasn’t asking him anything; she was citing facts out loud. "And you have been with her these past few days."
	A flicker of surprise rose in Jonas's eyes, but he didn’t seem much bothered by what she said. In his mind, he remained innocent—he had done nothing wrong with Emily after all.
	And if anything, his wife’s words only showed that she cared enough about him to know such things. He felt a ridiculous tingle of excitement at the prospect. He would consider this a victory of sorts, no matter how little it seemed.
	He hoped his face wouldn’t break out in a sudden, smug smile as he replied to her in a calm manner. "Yes, I have been talking to Emily a lot lately. Don’t think too much about it."
	'Don’t think too much?!' The warmth in his voice did not escape Melinda, and she immediately assumed it was because he was talking about his childhood friend. 'This idiot must think the people around him are either blind or stupid.'
	She took a deep breath. As much as she wanted to lash out at Jonas, she was very tired. These scenarios were becoming frequent, and they were taking a toll on her.
	Her dilemma, however, all flew over Jonas's head. He was enjoying being the sudden object of all her attention. But then her face changed, and while he could not tell for certain what her expression meant, he was sure it wasn’t out of pleasure.
	"Did you—once again—forget the things you promised?" She rose from the sofa as she asked him, and in spite of her soft, homey clothes, she looked every bit as ruthless as a goddess of war. She crossed her arms across her chest and sneered at her husband.
	This was a Melinda that was foreign to him, and Jonas could not muster a word. After a beat of silence, she flashed him a mocking smirk. "Well it seems that you really have forgotten, Mr. Jonas Gu."
	She was seething with rage now. She couldn’t believe the gall of this man, to declare such professions and make promises that he would easily throw out the window without any regard.
	She knew he didn’t forget of course. How could he forget anything when he obviously remembered much from his sweet, joyful childhood with Emily?
	"Emily and I would just chat, nothing more. I’m not doing her any favors either." He sounded a little helpless and unsure, but Melinda was beyond angry now, and she was done excusing him for all the pain he continued to cause her.
	Jonas was at a loss. He always found himself caught between countless contradicting opinions when it came to Emily. He could see that his wife was visibly mad now, but it wasn’t like he could do anything about it, he thought.
	"Emily is a scheming woman, Jonas. You know that! She might only be chatting merrily with you now, but are you sure she’s going to stop at that? Besides, you said you would cut all ties between you, and yet you still keep seeing her. You made a promise, Jonas! Or maybe it’s just me misunderstanding what 'cutting off all ties' means?"
	Melinda spat out her words without pause, not caring if she was saying too much or speaking too loudly. Her mouth felt dry after her tirade, and she swallowed a couple of times to ease the rough feeling in her throat.
	Seeing this, Jonas walked over to a small side table and poured her a glass of water. He handed it to her and she accepted it without a word, downing the whole drink in three gulps.
	She felt a little better after that, but as she looked at her empty glass, she realized she accepted something her husband offered even though she was still angry at him.
	She had a mind to recall her rage full force, but she really was tired of it all. She said nothing, and kept staring at the glass in her hands. Mary had noticed the raised voices, and immediately approached the living room to stop the couple from fighting. When she arrived at the doorway, however, it didn’t seem like Jonas and Melinda were at each other’s throats like before. Instead, a heavy, pregnant silence hung in the room. She felt like she shouldn’t intrude, and hurried back to her bedroom.
	"Mellie," Jonas finally said after taking a deep breath. "I think what you’re misunderstanding is how you perceive Emily."
	He was hesitant to breach this talk with his wife, but in recent days, as he met with Emily, he found her to be simple and positive. There were no signs at all of her being the cunning woman that Melinda claimed her to be.
	Although if he were being truthful, he would have admitted that there was a part of him that refused to accept that his childhood playmate had a calculating and manipulative side to her.
	At her husband’s question, Melinda felt utterly defeated. That was the last straw. She felt her hands growing cold as the color left her face.
	For a fleeting moment, she felt an urge to bash the glass in her hands against Jonas's head in hopes that he might wake up from the delusions that Emily spun around him. She was misunderstanding Emily, he said? What an absolute joke.
	"I’m not misunderstanding anything, Jonas," she said in a mocking tone. "In fact, what I have in abundance at the moment is clarity. And one thing has become very starkly clear to me: you trust Emily, your childhood friend, more than you trust me, your wife."
	He couldn’t say anything to that. He might have doubted Emily in the past, but the past few days proved to him that his previous judgment about her was wrong.
	Whenever they talked about his wife, Emily would often apologize for the scandal, over and over, and would praise Melinda. On the other hand, when Emily was brought up between husband and wife, everything that came out of Melinda’s mouth was accusations and slander.
	He could not deny that the scales in his heart were tipped against his wife. He could not let her know that, of course.
	He tried to pacify the situation. "She really isn’t as bad as you think. It’s true that she had done you wrong before, but she’s not that person anymore. She’s changed. Besides, the company was in trouble, and this time around she was the one who helped me."
	Melinda struggled very hard not to flinch at his every word. If they dragged this conversation out any further, things were bound to get ugly.
	And yet, she couldn’t help herself. "Are you saying that it’s my fault I wasn’t there to help you with your business problems? Am I being a burden to you?"
	She could hear her voice rising towards the end of her last question, and her rage was bubbling on the surface once again. If he managed to push the right buttons, she knew she would lose control.
	"That’s not what I meant. I’m just saying that she’s been of help to me. If I just cast her aside in spite of that, wouldn’t that be in poor taste?"
	He realized as soon as he said the words that he had just acknowledged Emily’s insignificance in the big picture. But it was true that Emily somehow saved him from a pinch, and he knew he had to repay that favor one way or another.
	"You’re right," Melinda shot back. "Of course you can’t look bad in front of other people. Right now, I must be the one acting in extremely bad form. It must have always been me acting irrationally, especially when I tried to make you cut your ties with each other."
	There was another beat of silence after that, with Melinda glaring at him and breathing heavily. Jonas, on the other hand, looked frustrated and perhaps a little lost.
	A breeze drifted in from the yard, rustling the curtains. Melinda sighed and walked over to the side table to put down the glass she was holding.
	She had her back to her husband, and she closed her eyes shut and let all the fight in her go. She was so, so tired of this. She turned back to Jonas and asked in a calm, soft voice, "Do you regret cutting her off?"
	And he knew that despite its simplicity, that one question was loaded with heavy and complex emotions. Emotions he couldn’t, at the moment, grasp.
	He stared at Melinda stupidly. What was he supposed to say? Was it even worth answering that question? There was nothing to regret because there had never been anything worth regretting between him and Emily.
	"Melinda, there is nothing between me and Emily." He had lost count of the number of times he said those words. He was beginning to get tired of this matter as well.
	Melinda took a moment to just look at him, her eyes devoid of any of the tumult that previously clouded them. She really looked at him, and Jonas felt an inexplicable restlessness that made him want to run to her.
	After a few moments, she spoke at last, "That’s it then."
	And she left the room without another word, nor a backward glance. The silence that followed was suffocating, and Jonas slumped back on the sofa and brought his hands to his face.
	Melinda went straight to her bedroom. As soon as the door shut behind her, she started heaving. She found it difficult to breathe, and her chest ached. She went over to the bed and tried to calm herself.
	Her thoughts drifted back to how faithfully her husband defended Emily. Her hand unconsciously clutched at her chest. Tears started to fall.
	She couldn’t understand why it still hurt so bad even after everything she had gone through. It angered her that she only kept on hurting. The tears came faster; it seemed that the weeping wouldn’t stop anytime soon.
	The weekend was supposed to be a time for relaxation. But it had barely begun and already one of them had locked herself in the bedroom, while the other brooded in the living room. They had exchanged angry words they could never take back, and now neither one made a move to approach the other.
	At lunch time, Mary prepared the couple’s favorite dishes. Even so, Melinda did not emerge from her room, and Jonas ate by himself.
	When evening came, Jonas found himself alone yet again at the dining table. His wife still hadn’t gone down for a meal that day, and it made him anxious.
	Just as he was about to go upstairs and break her door down, Melinda walked into the room. There was an air of nonchalance about her, as if the arguments from the morning did not happen. She also acted like he did not exist.
	Mary came up to her as soon as she seated herself, and Melinda gave the maid a bright smile. "Mary, I’m a little hungry. Can you prepare some noodles for me?"
	Mary shot a careful glance at Jonas. "How about I heat the food I prepared earlier? I made your favorite dishes, you and Mr. Gu can have some of those."
	She made sure to imply that Jonas had not eaten yet, for which he was thankful, but his wife paid no mind to what the maid said. "No, thank you. I want to have noodles for dinner."
	The poor maid had no choice but to do as she was asked. Nevertheless, she prepared more than one helping. The young couple may have had a quarrel, but she wouldn’t stand for it if they neglected their own health over their differences. Dinner was eaten in silence that night.
	In the days that followed, Melinda remained quiet and reserved. She would speak to the servants occasionally, and smile at them, but would always be cold towards Jonas.
	Only Mary, being the one in charge of Melinda’s villa, knew the truth of the situation: the young madam had neither laughed nor smiled genuinely since she fought with her husband.
	In the few times that Jonas attempted to talk to her, all he got was either unrelenting silence, or short replies. A couple of times they came into argument, which led to raised voices, and then confrontations that were more volatile than last weekend.
	Yulia took note of it all, pleased with the results of her connivance with Emily. She knew the actress was at the bottom of the couple’s conflict, and although she sometimes got the chills when she happened to be around the quarreling couple, she couldn’t help her excitement and anticipation.
	It wouldn’t take long for her brother’s marriage to completely crumble. 'Emily must have done really good driving a wedge between these two. They’re fighting almost every day.’
	She wasn’t fooled by Melinda’s tough act. She could see that her brother’s wife was distressed by the whole situation, and it brought Yulia a great amount of satisfaction.
	Perhaps it was because of her satisfaction that something slipped her mind—their grandfather was still unaware of the state of his grandson’s marriage. If Nelson found out, there would surely be uproar in the Gu's mansion, one that would rival all the fights between Jonas and Melinda combined.
Chapter 109 The Ultimate Goal
	"Really? This is just the beginning, but Melinda couldn't bear it already?" Emily asked.
	She had a sinister smile plastered on her face and a calculating glint in her eyes.
	She did not even bother hiding her true nature when no one was present.
	"I wonder, when will the two of them divorce?"
	Yulia peered over the window, spotting Nelson and Melinda in the yard playing chess. They looked like they were enjoying themselves as Melinda appeared to be saying something to Nelson that made the old man smile.
	She glared furiously at the sight. The spot where Melinda was right now was supposed to be hers. She was Nelson's granddaughter after all.
	"It's a bit hard to deal with her since the old man is always around. What's more important right now is the position your brother holds in the company. As long as he has a firm foothold, I doubt that the old man would be able to do anything against him," Emily said.
	It was quite clear to her that Nelson was the only reason why Melinda was with Jonas.
	"I don't understand what's going on most of the time in the company."
	Yulia was well aware of her abilities. People doubted that she would be able to adapt when she once had thought of working in the company and be able to achieve on something that would impress Nelson.
	However, after a few days in the company, her capability was recognized and they completely forgot about it.
	"Well, all you need to do is to just report to me all the latest progress about their relationship. I'll deal with this myself," Emily replied.
	She clearly placed an emphasis on her last words. With the kindness she showed, it was clear to her that Melinda's endless arguments with Jonas would definitely give him a change of heart.
	Jonas became less inclined to remain at home lately and started to look forward to meeting Emily.
	Although his desk had mounts of documents piled up for him to work on, his eyes remained unfocused as he scanned through them while gently rotating a pen he was holding on his hand.
	As soon as William entered with more documents for him to deal with, he involuntarily sighed at the current sight of his boss.
	"Mr. Gu, this batch of documents is needed this afternoon. This is urgent," he politely reminded Jonas.
	William thought that Jonas hadn't been focusing on his work recently which was why the general manager would occasionally scold them for it. As his secretaries, they were having a hard time because of it.
	"Yes, I'm aware." Jonas glanced over from the stack of documents.
	He blinked a few times, trying to channel all of his focus back to his work. However, the thought of Emily never completely left him. During this time of the day, Emily would have normally called him no matter what.
	On the other hand, Emily was planning on her next move. She figured that now was the best time to contact Jonas less since a new crew also came to her and she had quickly agreed to join them.
	Dressed in a red ancient Chinese costume, Emily looked different from her usual pure image. In fact, she appeared even more enchanting. She called her assistant and asked her to take a photo of her so that she could send it to Jonas.
	When Emily finally decided to call Jonas, he immediately picked up in a matter of seconds.
	"Have you seen the picture that I have sent you?" Her lips curved into a knowing smile.
	Although her tone was sweet, it sounded like a spoiled person who would get mad if she wasn't complimented.
	"You look very beautiful. Are you currently filming?" Jonas answered.
	He was already at the door when he realized that Emily might not be able to go out with him for lunch today. Feeling a bit disappointed, he returned back to his chair and sat down with a dejected face.
	"Yes, I got a role for a new movie. It seems that I will be out in the field for a while," she sighed over the phone.
	Even though she told him that, she was thinking of staying a little longer.
	Both of them exchanged a few more words before hanging up. Jonas felt a bit uncomfortable with the knowledge of Emily not being able to show up for a while. However, he also felt inexplicably relieved.
	"William." Jonas then contacted his secretary over the phone.
	The man almost choked upon hearing his boss's voice. Since he felt that he was having a hard time recently, he decided to comfort himself today by having chicken drumsticks for lunch.
	"Yes, boss?" he answered weakly.
	William quickly gulped down a glass of water to compose himself. At this moment, silence enveloped the office since most of the employees had lunch outside or at the staff canteen.
	Because he was Jonas's personal secretary, William had no choice but to eat take-out food everyday to comfort his poor stomach.
	"Order some lunch for me."
	Jonas hung up the phone immediately after the order. He then started to pour all of his attention into his work, leaving William confused for a moment before he was able to react.
	Wasn't the CEO going home or eating outside today?
	It was already late when Jonas finally took a break from his work. He had been so busy all afternoon that he just realized that it was only William who was left in the office with him. The poor man was currently sorting out Jonas's schedule for tomorrow.
	"I will be attending the lunch appointment tomorrow. Please arrange someone to accompany me," Jonas instructed him.
	Since he often had lunch with Emily recently, he had cancelled most of his scheduled lunch appointments. Upon hearing his orders, William quickly fixed his schedule.
	"Add the dinner appointment to my schedule as well," Jonas added as he was about to leave.
	He suddenly felt at a loss, having no idea where to go after work so he decided to fill his schedule with his job instead.
	Melinda was staying in her bedroom when Jonas returned home. Even though they hadn't argued with each other during the past few days, they were engaged in a silent and cold war.
	"Mr. Gu, you probably haven't eaten dinner yet. Let me prepare some food for you." Mary came out of the kitchen, wiped her hands and smiled at him.
	Jonas did not refuse and simply nodded. He then went back to the bedroom first to clean himself up.
	All of his belongings were moved to the bedroom he was currently in, separating him from the only connection he had with Melinda. Jonas suddenly had the urge to go and see what Melinda was doing but he quickly restrained himself from doing so.
	He proceeded to take a shower and changed into a more comfortable set of clothes before heading downstairs. His steps suddenly faltered for a moment when he saw Melinda sitting at the dining table.
	The look on Melinda's face was of equal surprise. Her eyes darted over to Mary who smiled bitterly at the both of them. However, it was not a problem that could be solved by a meal between her and Jonas.
	The silence between the two of them was deafening. The only noise that occurred was the sound coming from chopsticks colliding with the bowls.
	Not being able to stand it, Jonas quickly finished up his meal and returned to the study without saying anything. After he left, Melinda slowly placed her bowl down together with her chopsticks.
	"Do you not like the food?" Mary asked. "Why aren't you eating much?"
	She had a worried expression on her face when she noticed that neither Melinda nor Jonas had eaten properly.
	Melinda smiled softly at her. "Mary, you don't have to do this."
	She knew that Mary was just concerned for them, but her efforts were useless. Mary did not feel embarrassed even though she knew that her true motives had been revealed. Her eyes showed pity as she stared back at Melinda.
	"Is there something bothering you?"
	Mary was a middle-aged woman who had spent most of her life being open-minded about a lot of things. Seeing how Melinda and Jonas acted, she felt that they were torturing each other.
	"Some things are just doomed to fail. Please don't try to do this again, Mary," Melinda muttered.
	She noticed the impatience on Jonas's expression a while ago. He was clearly displeased with Mary's actions. Perhaps it was because of Nelson that Jonas wouldn't do anything to Melinda, but for others it was easy.
	Mary suddenly broke out into a cold sweat upon the realization. She gave Melinda a grateful look and did not push the matter between them any further.
	Jonas turned into a workaholic. He rarely had time for other things other than having endless business meetings to deal with whenever he was at home or at work.
	His strong vision always led him to find the best business opportunities which greatly benefited the company. Because of this, the shareholders and the board of directors were very pleased with the growth brought by his performance.
	Nelson would attend the meeting held every end of the month that contained the summary of the reports. After all, he was the ultimate decision maker of the company.
	"Not bad," the old man commented.
	Nelson rarely praised Jonas. During the previous meetings they had, he had always managed to find some faults. This time around, however, he seemed fully satisfied with the presentation. It was time that Jonas finally demonstrated his full ability.
	What was more, on several occasions that involved major decision-making, Jonas had the ability to accurately identify all the pros and cons, come up with the most suitable solution and lead a group of his subordinates to create a lot of benefits for the company.
	Compared with his remarkable data, Aron's was much more neglected. It was for a fact that the general manager's position wasn't as powerful as the CEO's. Aside from this, he also spent most of his time trying to find ways on how to humiliate Jonas which resulted to him not being able to successfully complete his own projects.
	"Jonas, I'm planning on opening a new branch at the neighboring province and hiring a professional manager from the headquarters to manage it. Do you have any recommendations?"
	It was not a secret that the company was going to open up a new branch. Jonas had been keeping tabs on it as well. When Nelson asked him about it, he told the old man about his opinion.
	"I think the vice manager of the planning department can give it a go," he answered.
	Nelson was a bit surprised by Jonas's recommendation, aware that the vice manager was actually Jonas's cousin. Sending him to that branch would be the same as handing over the power to him.
	If that happened, it would be even more difficult for Jonas to deal with him. There was no trace of panic in Jonas's eyes, however. It seemed as if he did not even take the person seriously.
	"You will be responsible for the specific personnel arrangements of the new branch," Nelson stated after pondering for a moment.
	There was a sudden commotion during the meeting as murmurs erupted throughout the room. Aron even almost stood up from his seat.
	This approach unintentionally gave Jonas the power to take over the new branch. This time, he had control over the people he would be bringing in.
	By the time Aron's son might become the general manager, there would be no one under him and Jonas would be the one on the top. Was this his ultimate goal?
Chapter 110 Emily Is Back
	"Dad, since Rey is going to take charge of the branch company, don't you think it would be more appropriate for him to select the staff?"
	Aron couldn't endure it anymore. He decided to fight for the rights of his son, Rey Gu. The shareholders who had come to a consensus seemed to agree with Aron. They felt that it was beneficial for the company.
	"Do you doubt my judgment or your son's capability? Or are you scared that I'll make things difficult for him?"
	Aron was perplexed by Jonas's questions. He wanted to say that he was afraid that he would deceive him but swallowed his words.
	"No, that's not what I mean..."
	"Good. Don't worry, I trust his ability. I will supervise the company to get him back on track."
	Jonas cut Aron off before he could finish his words. In the end, it was Jonas who managed the recruitment of the staff. He wasn't ready to give up the power and responsibility that Nelson had given him.
	After the meeting, Nelson asked the staffs from all the important departments to stay back. He instructed them to follow Jonas's decisions, irrespective of how big or small they were.
	"Work hard. Don't let me down."
	Nelson patted Jonas's shoulder and smiled. Jonas could see that his grandfather was getting old and became weaker with every passing day. He couldn't see him like this.
	Jonas was busy with the recruitment process and development plans. He hardly had time for himself. He gave the employee list to Rey Gu and informed him about the people who would be joining the company. When Jonas left the meeting room, he got a call from Emily.
	They hadn't talked with each other for a long time. Jonas was busy with work and almost forgot her.
	"I'm back from filming. Do you want to have lunch with me?"
	Emily asked hopefully. She had been patient and tried hard suppressing the urge to call him. Now that she was back, she felt that it would be a reasonable excuse to contact him.
	Emily knew that Jonas would get busy and would soon forget her. She had to keep in touch with him to remind him of her presence.
	"I owe you a treat anyway. How about meeting today for lunch? I will send the time and venue later."
	"Sounds good to me. I'm going to unpack my stuff now. See you later."
	Emily smiled and hung up the phone. Jonas asked William to arrange everything. William immediately made a reservation at a restaurant. "Boss, you have a meeting this afternoon regarding the branch," he said hesitantly.
	"Got it."
	The affairs of the new branch were more important to him. This was a test given by Nelson and he needed to prove his proficiency.
	William managed to squeeze an hour and a half in Jonas's schedule to have lunch with Emily. Lunch would be served at noon and he had specifically booked a restaurant that served the dishes swiftly.
	Lunch was ready by the time Jonas and Emily entered the restaurant. Emily sat down and swept her tongue across her lips. "Wow, what a feast! I cannot wait to finish them all."
	"Really?" Jonas asked with amusement.
	"Yeah. I'm tired of eating the same boring lunch every day. The crew members prepared lunch for me but I fell sick every time I ate. The food was bad but acting was fun," she said, taking a bite of the shrimp ball.
	Emily closed her eyes and moaned with satisfaction. She began to describe the taste and flavors of the dishes as if she were in a cookery show. Jonas broke into a fit of laughter.
	"I think I should be a food blogger," she said, pursing her lips.
	"Of course," Jonas said, smiling.
	Jonas tasted one dish after the other and enjoyed the medley of flavors in his mouth. All the dishes were delicious.
	Both of them ate in silence as they enjoyed the meal. Emily massaged her belly and leaned against the chair.
	Emily was herself when she was around Jonas. She always wanted to reveal her true feelings to him.
	"I managed to lose a lot of weight during shooting. I'm sure I'll put on weight if I start having meals with you." She pouted.
	Jonas poked the fruit with his fork and took a bite of it. He shook his head and smiled.
	"Well, I don't regret eating a heavy lunch today but I shouldn't have them often. Otherwise, I'll turn into a pumpkin." She chuckled. "You know there's a child actor in our team. He's incredibly cute.
	One day..."
	Emily went on and on about all the interesting events that happened in film sets. Jonas smiled when he saw her talk passionately about her love for acting.
	He felt relaxed, which was a rare thing. Work was consuming him and he hardly got the chance to unwind.
	Jonas was frustrated that he only got half an hour to rest, which seemed to pass in the blink of an eye. The heavy meal made Emily drowsy. She decided to go home and take a long nap.
	Melinda isolated herself from the outside world. It had almost been a month since she stepped out of the mansion. She became a recluse and preferred staying at home. Melinda communicated with everyone only through e-mail. She collaborated with Kent on his new book. After an intense discussion, their editors believed that they could manage the book on their own.
	They finally came to an agreement where Kent and Melinda could supervise each other. They needed to constantly check their work and give their feedback. Kent and Melinda were already great friends and their trust and friendship intensified in the process of writing the book.
	Yulia sometimes spent time with Melinda. Momo had developed a strong dislike for Yulia. It would snarl at her and run away every time she came to the small villa.
	Melinda couldn't understand why Momo hated Yulia. She felt embarrassed to see the cat run away from Yulia.
	"Melinda, I'm going to try making an almond cake today. Would you like to have afternoon tea with me?"
	Yulia asked. She had developed a fondness for baking and tried new recipes every day. Looking at all the ingredients and tools at the kitchen, Melinda felt the urge to cook.
	"Okay, I'll make some flower tea for you." She smiled.
	Melinda and Yulia had been getting along well. Yulia tried getting close with Melinda and didn't seem to mind her cold face. Although Melinda didn't particularly like Yulia, she couldn't refuse.
	Yulia blindly followed Emily's words and managed to create chaos between Melinda and Jonas.
	There was a lot of disagreement between Jonas and Rey Gu as they worked together in developing the new branch. Being an important member of the company, Rey Gu took impulsive decisions. He couldn't implement plans that were beneficial for the company.
	"I will deal with the affairs of the branch company. Don't forget that you're just a manager here,"
	Jonas said as he couldn't deal with Rey Gu's inefficiency. Rey Gu's face turned pale with embarrassment.
	He was also Nelson's grandson and couldn't bear the humiliation. Moreover, Nelson had a special liking for Jonas and always ignored Rey Gu.
	Rey Gu sometimes couldn't help but wonder how great his life would be if he had married Melinda instead of Jonas. He would be the one managing Soaring Group.
	"Grandpa wants to see visible improvement. We cannot achieve good results if we go according to your plan. You are deliberately trying to suppress me, Jonas,"
	Rey Gu grumbled.
	"I'm trying to suppress you? Are you kidding me? You are not worth all that," Jonas mocked.
	Rey Gu wasn't a threat to Jonas. Aron was the one Jonas was worried about. It was Aron who always came up with sinister plans to defeat him.
	"Jonas, you..." Rey Gu's face darkened with anger.
	"All right, the meeting is over. I've got a lot of things to do. Soaring Group has more than one branch and we have to pay equal attention to all the branches,"
	Jonas answered coldly.
	Rey Gu was frustrated, but Jonas knew that there wasn't much he could do. The interesting conversation he had with Emily made him ask her out for dinner.
	Emily was sleeping when Jonas called her. All traces of sleep vanished from her face when she heard him say that he was going to pick her up for dinner.
	Everything was working according to her plan.
	It was seven in the evening when Jonas finished work. When he called Emily, he found that she was waiting for him. She joked that he was late and dinner was almost over.
	Emily had chosen the restaurant. She usually liked romantic, French restaurants. But Emily was a popular star now and all her fans would swarm around her. She ended up choosing a small private room in the restaurant as she didn't want anyone to recognize her.
	Dinner was served as soon as Jonas walked into the restaurant. Emily had taken special care to order all his favorite dishes.
	She was also aware of the brand and age of wine that Jonas preferred. Therefore, she had ordered a bottle of his favorite wine.
	Jonas was touched by Emily's thoughtfulness. He was comfortable around her.
	"Why is it you guys always have fun? This bottle of wine belongs to me today."
	Emily smiled and raised her glass before clinking it with Jonas's. She closed her eyes and took a sip of the wine, relishing its taste.
	She took another sip and swished it with her tongue as the flavor exploded in her mouth. The exotic flavor of wine made her taste buds tingle. Emily scrunched her nose and looked at Jonas.
	"You may not like it in the beginning, but you will eventually fall in love with it," Jonas said.
	Emily was slowly getting addicted to the taste but she told him that she couldn't taste anything. She began to ramble about how Jonas had lied that wine tasted good just to have a drink with her.
	"I think you need to stop drinking. You've had enough already." Jonas frowned.
	Emily giggled like a maniac and poured herself another glass. "Why are you stopping me from drinking this tasty wine? This is an elixir and I want to drink more," she slurred.
	Emily's face was flustered and she looked completely drunk. Considering that they had finished dinner, Jonas paid the bill and ushered Emily into the car to drop her home.
	Although the restaurant wasn't far from Emily's house, it took a lot of effort for him to drive her home. Emily was constantly giggling and pestering him and Jonas couldn't keep his eyes on the road.
	The car finally halted in front of Emily's house. Jonas opened the door and helped her come out. Emily staggered and leaned heavily against Jonas's chest. She suddenly stopped and wrapped her arms around Jonas's neck.
	"Jonas, I like you." She pecked on his cheek and ran into the house, giggling like a little girl.
Chapter 111 A Lipstick Mark
	Emily walked into the room and closed the door. Her droopy eyes widened and a smile stretched on her lips. She looked completely sober.
	People in the entertainment circle usually had a stronger threshold for drinks. Emily pretended to be drunk just to get closer to Jonas.
	Emily pulled out the cellphone from her pocket and immediately texted Yulia, instructing her what she needed to do next.
	At the Gu family, Yulia read the message and smiled. She went to the small villa where Melinda lived.
	Melinda was all alone in her room, reading books. Yulia couldn't help but admire Melinda at times. She was unfazed by the chaos in her life and read books that were hard for Yulia to understand.
	"Melinda, I want to watch a horror movie but I'm too scared to watch it alone. Can I sit here and watch it with you?"
	Yulia asked as she walked into the room with a laptop. She placed it afar and wore the wireless earphones to not disturb Melinda.
	Melinda glanced at Yulia and continued to read her book.
	She was used to Yulia hanging with her and didn't bother to stop her.
	Yulia knew that it would take time for Jonas to return home from Emily's house and decided to execute her plans accordingly.
	Jonas returned home at ten in the evening. Yulia heard Jonas's car in the yard and came downstairs at once. He got out of the car and accidentally saw a lipstick mark on his face through the rearview mirror. Just when Yulia's plan was about to collapse, she immediately hurried towards him. "Jonas!"
	Jonas was taken aback by Yulia's sudden entry. "Why did it take so long for you to return home?" Her eyes widened with surprise and she covered her mouth with her hand.
	"Why is there a lipstick mark on your cheek?" she asked before Jonas had the chance to wipe it off. His entire body froze.
	Jonas followed Yulia's gaze and realized that Melinda was standing behind him. Her cold eyes seemed to be shooting daggers at him.
	"Jonas, are you..." Yulia glanced at Melinda and back at Jonas. "Are you having an affair with another woman?"
	she asked cautiously. Happiness bubbled in her heart when she saw that Melinda was staring at Jonas in shock. Yulia shut her mouth and shook her head.
	She had left her earphones in Melinda's bedroom on purpose. Yulia knew that Melinda would run downstairs and bring it to her.
	Melinda scoffed at Jonas and went back to her room.
	Jonas's heart sank when he saw the disappointment in Melinda's eyes. He punched the air in frustration.
	Yulia looked at Jonas and opened her mouth to say something but she saw him glare at her.
	"Jonas, you..." She cleared her throat and continued, "You shouldn't do this to Melinda. It's unfair. Do you have any idea how upset she would be?"
	Yulia grabbed her laptop and immediately left. Jonas rubbed his cheek with the back of his hand until his skin turned sore.
	Jonas walked into the villa in a trance. It seemed like a horrible nightmare. The living room was dark and Jonas was too upset to turn the lights on. He followed the dim light in the corridor and went upstairs.
	Melinda sat on the bed, staring at the wall. She couldn't shake the image of the bright lipstick mark on Jonas's cheek.
	Her husband had been returning home with the scent of a woman lingering on his shirt, and today, he had gone a step further by coming home with a lipstick stain.
	"Mellie," Jonas called softly.
	He was anxiously standing by the door, hesitant to walk in. His face was pale and he looked uneasy.
	Melinda turned around and glanced at him coldly. The disappointment in her eyes was gone. Her face was expressionless as she looked at Jonas like he was just another man.
	Jonas didn't have the heart to see her stony face. It looked like she had become numb.
	Jonas wouldn't have felt bad even if she had yelled at him but her serene face pricked him like a thorn.
	"What happened today was a small mistake. I can explain everything."
	Jonas's heart sank when she saw her staring at him with vacant eyes.
	But he knew that he had to clarify the confusion, or else it would be too late.
	"Emily was drunk tonight. She suddenly kissed me." Jonas swallowed loudly. "It happened too quickly and I didn't have the time to push her away."
	Jonas didn't cross his limit with Emily. It was just an accident and he hoped Melinda would trust his words. Melinda stood up and crossed her arms across her chest.
	"She was drunk? None of this would have happened if you hadn't gone out for dinner with her. Anyway, you all have your reasons."
	She sneered and glanced at Jonas's cheek that had turned red because he had rubbed it too much. Melinda was disgusted by it, so she quickly turned away.
	"We are just friends," Jonas said weakly. "We hadn't seen each other for days, so we had dinner together."
	"It looks like you guys missed each other too much. That's why you decided to meet her. I know that Emily is a heavy drinker and she wouldn't get drunk easily. How many drinks did you have with her?"
	Jonas flinched at her tone. He didn't know how to make her understand that it wasn't his fault.
	"It was an accident," he croaked.
	That was all he could say. There was no evidence to prove his innocence. Melinda closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Jonas and Emily had met each other after he promised his wife that he would cut all ties with Emily.
	Melinda knew Jonas too well and couldn't believe that it was just a casual dinner.
	"You bastard!" Melinda cried out. Her loud voice reverberated across the silent room as the word continued to ring in Jonas's ears for a long time. He shuddered in shock.
	He knew that nothing could make Melinda trust him.
	"I just... I just wanted to thank her for helping me. Emily is just a friend."
	Melinda wasn't ready to believe him. Every word that came out from Jonas's mouth seemed like a lie to her.
	Melinda felt that the incident was a warning to stay away from Jonas. Emily had returned from filming and Jonas had immediately gone to meet her. Moreover, Yulia's words and actions made her uncomfortable.
	Melinda took a deep breath and looked at Jonas. "I want you to stay away from her. This is my last request, Jonas."
	She pushed Jonas out of the room and closed the door. She leaned against the door and slumped to the floor. "You go back to your room. I'm exhausted and I need to rest. Leave me alone."
	Jonas fisted his palms tightly as his nails sank into the flesh, forming crescent-shaped cuts. He gradually loosened the grip and his shoulders drooped as he trudged to his room. He felt that Melinda was moving farther from him and the crack in their relationship got wider.
	Nothing seemed to fill the gap.
	Melinda couldn't sleep well at night and her whole body ached when Mary woke her up in the morning. Mary usually let her sleep late but she was too anxious. She continued to wake Melinda up until she sat up.
	"Mary, what happened?" Melinda asked, rubbing her eyes.
	"Jonas's mother is back. I don't think it's a good idea for you to wake up late."
	Melinda's eyes snapped open and all traces of sleep disappeared from her face. Jonas's mother was back.
	Queena went abroad and Melinda almost forgot that she was a part of her life. The news about her arrival brought back bitter memories.
	"Mary, is she at home now?"
	Mary shook her head. "The servants in the main villa told me that she would be here before lunch. Everyone's busy there."
	Queena sought perfection and always found fault in others. Everyone went through a tough time because of her.
	Melinda knew that she despised her. Queena always watched Melinda with vigilant eyes and found a reason to complain about her. She hated Melinda and her family.
	Queena felt that Melinda was inferior to her and didn't deserve to be with her son.
	If Melinda slept longer, Queena would make it a point to taunt her.
	Melinda quickly washed her face, brushed her teeth, and went to the main villa. She saw that the servants were busy with their work. Nelson had also left for the company. Yulia was the happiest of them all as there was finally someone to control Melinda.
	Queena returned at eleven in the morning. Jonas immediately came back from work to see her.
	"Jonas, I heard that you're doing a good job in the company. I'm proud of you."
	Queena beamed with joy. Some of the members of the board of directors were her friends. She was joyous to find that Nelson had a tendency to give full power to Jonas.
	"It's a shame that my wonderful son has a wife like you,"
	Queena said, scowling at Melinda. She couldn't stop worrying that her precious son had gotten married to a worthless woman like Melinda.
	She felt that Melinda came from an ordinary, illiterate family and that Jonas deserved someone better than her.
	Melinda was unaffected by Queena's insults and smiled at her.
	Melinda's calmness annoyed her even more.
	"Don't get offended. Jonas can easily find a woman who is a hundred times better than you are,"
	Queena said with disgust. Melinda stood in a corner and waited for Queena to finish. Once she finished insulting her, Melinda turned to leave.
	But Queena stopped her.
	"I don't think we need to live in separate villas. I want the two of you to move back here."
	Melinda wanted to refuse. Moving back meant that she probably had to sleep in the same room with Jonas and she wasn't ready for that. Her mind flitted to the lipstick mark on his cheek and she became furious.
	"Okay, Mother. I'll make the arrangements right away," she said.
	Although Melinda was not happy with the decision, she was left with no choice but to heed to it. Otherwise, Queena wouldn't let her live in peace.
	Agreeing to her would save a lot of trouble.
Chapter 112 A Stark Contrast
	And so, against their better judgments, Melinda and Jonas moved back to the main villa. Ever since Queena returned, an air of gloom descended upon the mansion, and Melinda made an effort to keep herself scarce in the older woman’s presence.
	This did not escape her mother-in-law’s notice, and she made a point of letting her dissatisfaction be known. "You only stay in your room all day long. What could you possibly accomplish living like that? How do you expect to be of help to Jonas?"
	She quickly made a habit of calling for Melinda only to lecture her on various things that popped into her head. She also didn’t miss an opportunity to make snide remarks to her daughter-in-law, frequently reiterating her disapproval of her marriage to her son.
	Melinda would only take it all in silence. Queena's words often came to mind, and she now realized that it would indeed only bring her a great deal of exhaustion if she cared too much.
	Queena’s criticisms soon became repetitive, and still she did not stop. She would call for the younger woman under the pretense of teaching her the ropes on being a madam of the Gu family, but would only give vague explanations without really sharing anything useful.
	Her complaints were endless; no matter what Melinda did or said, she always found fault. For her part, Melinda only let her mother-in-law do whatever she wanted, and didn’t pay much heed to the cruel words that were constantly hurled at her.
	Other people’s opinions were the least of her concern anyway.
	She used to care a lot in the past, but circumstances made sure that she learned to ignore people she didn’t care about. She learned it the hard way, and she would be damned if she didn’t put it to good use.
	Besides, her recent collaboration with Kent had much of her attention, in addition to the new book she was preparing. She was quite busy, actually, and even if her body needed to be in the same room with Queena, her mind remained engaged in her own business.
	Yulia would always take advantage of the passive aggressive kerfuffle, and would make excuses for Melinda’s behavior.
	Her comments, of course, only served to belittle her sister-in-law more, and tarnish her image in Queena’s eyes. "Aunt Queena, you shouldn’t expect too much from Melinda. She can’t help being the way she is."
	Not that it did much anyway. Queena expressly looked down at Yulia as well, especially in light of what the girl had done before as well as her mother's identity.
	In truth, Yulia had involved herself in a lot of shameless issues unbefitting of the family's name, and Queena had always chalked it up to her being the child of a mistress from a lower background.
	Nelson was quite pleased with the young couple’s move, however. The night that they did, the old man was jolly throughout his conversations, going as far as telling Queena that she finally did something right by forcing the two back into the main villa.
	Even so, the air between Jonas and Melinda remained awkward and delicate. They would manage to pull off the harmonious act in front of the family patriarch, but it would sometimes slip.
	It took a lot of effort, after all. Especially now that they were together day and night, and at such close proximity to Nelson. It wouldn’t take long before the old man started noticing a lot of red flags.
	One time after lunch, the women of the Gu family sat around the table to eat some fruit. "Aunt Queena," Yulia began. "I noticed that today you've received quite a lot of invitations to events and parties. You are so popular."
	Melinda stiffened at that, but her face remained nonchalant. She smiled a little to hide her surprise.
	It was no secret that people were drawn to a person’s name, especially if it was associated with fame, wealth, and power.
	As such, establishing connections to prominent people was quite a common scene, even in the upper echelons of the social class. And yet, despite being the wife of the Gu family's heir, and briefly being the madam of the family during Queena’s time away, Melinda received no invitation to such gatherings.
	For Queena to receive a deluge of invitations so shortly after her return was a slap to Melinda’s face.
	It was as if the upper-class sought to let her know that her position in the Gu family was never recognized since the start, and would never be recognized at all.
	"Not really," Queena said as she took a dainty piece of apple. "Most of them are just small banquets. The family has a lot of connections after all.
	It’s only right for the madam of the Gu family to tend to such social engagements."
	She shot a pointed look at Melinda as she said that last sentence. Melinda let it fly over her head without acknowledgment whatsoever.
	"Oh, I see," Yulia drawled. "Well, you can take Melinda to the parties, then. I know! Why not start with the fashion banquet this week? I think that would be a perfect opportunity."
	She glanced snidely at Melinda, knowing her sister-in-law couldn’t have missed the malice in her words. She knew Melinda seldom attended parties, and the woman probably knew nothing about style. She would only embarrass herself if she attended a function that was all about fashion.
	Yulia still didn’t have a firm grasp on Queena’s thought processes, however, and so did not anticipate that Queena was altogether unwilling to take Melinda to such a posh event. Loathe as she was to extend an invitation, Queena was put to the spot by her husband’s bastard daughter.
	"Do you want to go?" she asked Melinda in a manner that made it clear she wanted a negative answer.
	"Of course she does!" Yulia was quick to manipulate the conversation yet again. She turned to Melinda and asked tauntingly, "Don’t you?"
	Melinda couldn’t refuse of course. Instead, she sought comfort in the knowledge that most of her favorite designs would be on display at the banquet; perhaps she might find a bit of enjoyment for herself in that part of the evening.
	It was true she hadn’t attended such an occasion for a considerable amount of time, though, so she wasn’t sure how she should dress herself.
	She agonized over it for quite a while before deciding to just choose an outfit that made her comfortable and feel like herself.
	She didn’t have enough money to buy a lavish dress anyway. But she could certainly afford to rent one. With that in mind, she stole away from the mansion around siesta time, and went to a private custom shop in A City by herself.
	As luck would have it, she was the only client when she arrived, and the receptionist was more than glad to attend to her. She had been marketing a lot of outfits to Melinda, and rambled for some time before she was finally cut off.
	"I’m planning to rent a dress, please show me the ones that are up for such an arrangement."
	The receptionist was visibly surprised upon hearing this request, but quickly brought Melinda to a room that displayed a variety of evening gowns.
	One of the dresses immediately caught Melinda's attention, and she immediately fell in love with it after trying it on. The fabric was a mixed gradient of blue and silver, with a strapless top cinched at the waist and a skirt that poured over her legs to the floor.
	She looked like she was wearing a piece of the starry night sky over her body, the hues shining and shimmying along her curves as she walked.
	"Do I look okay?" Melinda asked the receptionist a little anxiously. She was no exception to the little bouts of vanity all women had. Of course she wanted to look good. And she really wanted this dress.
	"Miss, you are the most beautiful woman to have ever tried on this dress," the receptionist declared as she handed Melinda a diamond set to match the dress.
	"Are you sure you wouldn’t buy the dress?" She thought it was quite a shame; the client looked ethereal in the dress, so she deserved to own it.
	"No, thank you," Melinda said, sharing the receptionist’s regret. "I’ll need this one for a day, please."
	She signed the necessary paperwork, and returned to the Gu's mansion as quietly as she’d left it. The dress was to be delivered at a later date, since it needed to be dry-cleaned first.
	It arrived exactly at the day of the banquet, so no one in the mansion had any idea what Melinda might be wearing for the event.
	When she came down that evening, Queena only glanced at her and didn’t say a word. Yulia, on the other hand, had her jaw drop at the sight.
	She herself had chosen a dress with a similar, starry sky palette, only her cut was different. Yulia’s dress was so much shorter, and was also sexier at the top.
	When they arrived at the banquet, everyone stared. The women entered together, with Queena at the center, but all the attention fell on Melinda.
	She had pulled her hair up into a classic chignon, emphasizing her elegant neck and the delicate features of her face. She looked breathtaking, and even without uttering a word, she exuded exquisite class.
	Yulia knew there was a very stark difference between her and Melinda. She knew she looked cheap and trashy in her skimpy, shiny dress, while her sister-in-law looked the total opposite.
	She had wanted to be in the limelight, but was once again reduced to the background. If anyone did notice Yulia, it was only to comment on the difference, and compare her to Melinda.
	'Damn it! Where the hell did she get that dress?' Men were beginning to stare, too, which only angered Yulia further.
	"Melinda, you look absolutely gorgeous," she said in a sickly sweet voice and made sure everyone within hearing distance was listening.
	"I see so many guys stealing glances at you and others just flat out staring. If my brother found out about all the attention you’re getting, I’m sure he would be jealous!"
	Despite her praises, her comments served to embarrass the guests who were openly admiring Melinda, and they awkwardly looked away.
	Melinda handled it all with grace. "Thank you, Yulia. You look very beautiful as well."
	She was careful to sound polite, even though she didn’t miss the anger and envy in the younger woman’s eyes.
	She knew Yulia’s outfit was tailored to impress, and she was sure her sister-in-law had every intention to be the star of this fashion banquet. She had effectively thwarted those plans, however, and now she had all the attention Yulia wanted.
	Soon the guests started to approach them to make idle small talk, all of them speaking to Melinda first and barely noticing the other woman beside her.
	The host of this event was the owner of a prominent jewelry company in the city, which had since extended its trade to other fashion commodities. Displayed on the venue were assorted jewelry, shoes, bags, and clothing items. It was a feast for the eyes of any fashion aficionado.
	A program was arranged to explore the items in detail, and after the fashion bit was done, the banquet commenced.
	Melinda stood off to the side, drinking a glass of champagne as she watched the guests milling about with little interest.
	"Beautiful lady, may I dance with you?" She turned to find a man extending a hand towards her in invitation.
	He was dressed in a simple gray suit that looked very low-key by all rights, but a closer inspection would reveal that the cut was tailor-fit, and that the fabric was luxuriously rich.
	His hair was slicked back, and he completed his ensemble with a silver silk scarf around his neck. He had a gentle and kind look in his eyes, and the corners of his mouth were tilted up in a soft smile.
	"Sorry," Melinda said, returning his smile. "I’m afraid I can’t dance." She said it matter-of-factly, not at all feeling embarrassed at what most of the guests here would deem a form of ineptitude.
	"It’s rather simple. Let me teach you, then." The man only grinned as he persisted.
	Yulia was standing only an arm’s length to their side, unnoticed. She sneered at Melinda and the man, unable to contain her envy. She wanted to say something, but thought better than to draw attention to herself in such a situation.
	Queena was off talking to her acquaintances. If Yulia only knew she would find herself stuck in such an awkward wallflower position, she should have just tagged along with Queena.
	"I’m so sorry, but I really must refuse your kind offer," Melinda was saying. Then she suddenly turned to Yulia, which caught the younger woman off guard.
	"You may dance with this lady beside me, though. She’s rather good at it. I’m sure she would be glad to be your partner."
	Yulia’s eye twitched. She just got served a taste of her own medicine, and by Melinda, no less. Her sister-in-law still had a friendly smile on her face, but she looked at Yulia with a sharp glint in her eyes.
	The man glanced at her then, looking her up and down. Both women knew his mind must be reeling with thoughts about the two starry sky dresses, which would have been similar, but instead were such an undeniable contrast to each other.
	Yulia grimaced. She knew she wasn’t looking good, that she never did the moment they stepped into the banquet. She saw the hesitation in the man’s face, as well, even as he offered her his invitation to dance. He was obviously forcing himself so as to spare all three of them of the embarrassment.
	Melinda breathed a sigh of relief when they left. She was still unaccustomed to interacting with calculating people who had ulterior motives to their every action. She might be holding her own in the mansion with Yulia and Queena, but it was all so much work, really.
	More people invited her to dance after that, but she refused them all with the same excuse. When she finally got the chance, she left the banquet hall and slipped into a quieter area with considerably less people.
Chapter 113 The Center Of Attention
	Melinda took a breath of fresh air. 'Peace and quiet at last.'
	She lifted the hem of her dress as she cautiously sat down on a sofa in the patio. This dress was rented, after all, so she had to be careful to return it in pristine condition.
	She was alone out here, but still had a good view of the banquet hall and the dance floor. A lot of young couples were twirling around, her sister-in-law included.
	Yulia was obviously in her element, lost in the dance and the crowd. People were even starting to notice her, finally.
	Melinda wasn’t at all surprised. Yulia had always been a party girl.
	Once the song ended, however, her dance partner only thanked her and then walked away. No one else approached her after that.
	Yulia was feeling indignant. In her eyes, this was all Melinda’s fault. The men’s mortifying lack of interest in her was all because of her brother’s wife.
	She looked around for her nemesis and finally found her sitting alone on the patio, casually watching the other guests. Yulia strode over to the banquet table and grabbed two glasses of wine, and then stomped over to where her sister-in-law was.
	As she neared, she became aware just how Melinda’s radiance seemed to occupy the little space. It only pissed her further.
	"Melinda," she spat out as soon as she stepped out into the patio. "What are you doing here by yourself?"
	Without waiting for an invitation, Yulia sat herself down on a nearby chair, making a point of sitting as far away as the other woman as possible. In truth, Yulia’s feet had been killing her all night.
	She had decided to wear stilettos in an attempt to look taller than she actually was, hoping that her added height would gain people’s attention. She was regretting her choice of footwear now, not that she would ever admit it.
	"It’s quieter here," Melinda answered. She wasn’t expecting Yulia to find her so soon, much less come and sit with her.
	Still holding the glasses of wine, Yulia handed one towards Melinda. The latter took on a wary expression, and did not take the drink.
	Melinda was not stupid. In light of recent events, she had grown vigilant of her sister-in-law. There was no way she would ever consume something that had passed through Yulia’s hands.
	As if she read her mind, Yulia gave her a reassuring smile. Melinda’s guard only rose even more.
	"I wanted to propose a toast to you, for a pulling of a successful social appearance." When Melinda only looked at her, Yulia’s tone grew stern, although the smile was still in place. "Don’t make me lose face, Melinda. A lot of people are watching."
	Melinda looked around and found Yulia’s words to be false. There were few people around them, even fewer watching them.
	Yulia was a little embarrassed by her movements, but she did not budge. Melinda flashed a regal smile and said, "You know I’m not a drinker." She had already drunk a glass of champagne earlier, and had no plans to take any more alcohol tonight.
	Still, Yulia’s outstretched hand did not waver, and Melinda narrowed her eyes at the younger woman. The proper response would have been to not insist on making the other person drink, yet Yulia was still pushing.
	As a matter of fact, Yulia wanted to get Melinda drunk. She expected the latter to make a fool of herself once the alcohol dulled her senses.
	"Don’t be silly. You have nothing to worry about. This wine doesn’t even have much alcohol content." The two women were still smiling at each other, but the looks they were exchanging were sharp.
	"As the younger madam of the family, you must know that you’ll be attending such occasions in the future. Don’t you think you should get used to getting a drink or two sooner than later?"
	Melinda frowned. Yulia had a point, of course. But she was quite certain she wouldn’t be attending any social engagement in the future. Queena obviously wouldn’t want that, and she highly doubted Jonas would even bother taking her.
	Besides, Yulia’s relentless insistence only made the gesture more suspicious. Melinda would never take that drink. They kept staring at each other in a stalemate when a male voice broke in. "Let me drink that in her place." The two women turned to look at the man, who was gazing intently at Melinda. "It would be my honor."
	The man was wearing a navy blue suit, and his hair was mussed in a way that seemed careless, but was far too complementary to his looks to be anything but.
	He had a magnetic energy surrounding him, and his eyes held an inviting look as his sensuous lips curved into a smile.
	Yulia’s heart began to pound in her chest, and she could feel an intense blush creeping into her face. That was, until she realized the man was turning on his charm for Melinda, who for her part was looking quite stunned herself.
	"That would be okay, I hope?" His question seemed to pull Melinda back to her senses, and she stammered a vague response. The man’s smile turned into a grin.
	Yulia watched this development in anger. ‘Why? Why is it always Melinda?!’
	She had a fleeting thought about how people only cared about appearances, but acknowledging that would be an admission that she looked inferior to her sister-in-law.
	People only paid attention to a person who was extremely attractive, or extremely hideous. Since she was neither, and only teetered somewhere in between, all the attention she always got was superficial and brief.
	Fueled by her jealousy, Yulia ignored the man, rose from her seat, and thrust the wineglass in front of Melinda’s face. "This is a toast to you, so naturally, you should be drinking."
	"Excuse me," the man interjected, stepping in between them and effectively blocking Yulia. "Drinking at events is not something that should be forced upon the guests.
	I’ve seen you offer this lady a drink, and I’ve seen her refuse it. Still you insisted, and so I stepped in to drink it in her stead.
	Now you act as if I don’t exist at all, and persist yet again on forcing her to take it against her wishes. Let me ask you, Miss, were your manners learnt from the market stalls in the slums?"
	"I beg your pardon!" Yulia was furious. How dare this man mock her? And with such nonchalance!
	She was particularly sensitive when it came to her background, she always had been. She knew she was greatly lacking in etiquette, and she had worked hard to remedy that, and to remedy other people’s preconceived notions about her. Despite her efforts, she found out the hard way that in the eyes of the truly rich, she would always be a bastard child born from a woman of lowly background. And now some stranger just waltzed up and taunted her, poking fun at where it hurt the most. She was angry and humiliated beyond words. She narrowed her eyes at the man, her hand trembling with emotion. "You..." Before she could say any further, however, she lost some of her balance on the high heels she had already been struggling with.
	The glass of wine tottered in her grip, the liquid splashing loudly on the man’s suit. A tense hush fell over the patio.
	The man only frowned as the wine slowly leeched into his jacket, making a dark stain. He calmly took out a handkerchief and dabbed at the stain, to no avail.
	The damage was done, and it looked to be rather irreversible.
	Yulia was mortified. 'How did things end up like this?' Realizing what the man was doing, she quickly put down the glasses and reached out to him.
	"I’m so sorry, I lost my balance. I didn’t mean for this to happen. Let me help you with that."
	But before she could even touch his jacket, the man sidestepped to avoid her, and shot her a look of disdain. "I don’t think I need any help from you," he said coldly. Melinda finally came to her senses. The development of the events was much too fast-paced and quite intense that she just sat there, dazedly watching everything.
	She now rose from the sofa, and tried to step between the man and Yulia, hoping to settle the matter amicably. "Sir, we do apologize. I assure you, it wasn’t on purpose at all, how about we—"
	"Stop meddling, you hypocrite!" Yulia cut her off, glaring at Melinda with unmistakable fury. Melinda could only stare back at her in embarrassment. She couldn’t believe Yulia just did that.
	The man, on the other hand, frowned even deeper, and looked back and forth between the two ladies.
	He could see now that they seemed to be dressed similarly, but while one looked like a regal socialite, the other only looked like some cheap city girl.
	The cheap city girl now turned back to him. "As I was saying, let me help you with the dry cleaning."
	A crowd had gathered nearby, and people were watching them shamelessly. Perhaps it was because of their controversially alike outfits.
	Perhaps it was because the man who joined them was undeniably attractive. Either way, Yulia knew she was looking extremely bad in all this, and she scrambled to save face.
	"And like I said," the man said coldly, "there’s no need for your assistance at all. Since this beautiful lady was so kind to apologize on your behalf, even though her efforts are obviously unappreciated, I’ll let this matter slide against my better judgment.
	I suggest that you, Miss, make an effort to learn social etiquette. It would most certainly be of use to you." Then he smiled at her, but Yulia recognized his sarcasm all too clearly.
	Not only did he imply that she was ungrateful, he also emphasized how she was out of place at such a high end gathering.
	She could hear some whispers from the people nearby, and while utterly humiliated, she could not find anything to say to salvage the situation. Gritting her teeth, she walked away from the patio.
	The man turned to look at Melinda and flashed her another boyish smile, as though nothing happened.
	"Can you spare a dance for me, as sympathy for the very unlucky fate of my wardrobe?" He winked.
	Melinda couldn’t help the chuckle that burst out of her. This was such a ridiculous turn of events!
	Realizing she must come off rude for laughing, she quickly composed herself, and covered her mouth. Her eyes, though, still held some mirth, and it didn’t escape the man’s notice.
	She cleared her throat. "I think it would be better if you had a change of attire first. I’ll be waiting here." That meant, of course, that yes, she would dance with him.
	She realized soon after that it would look bad to the other men she refused earlier, but she didn’t dwell on the matter. For all she knew, nobody would notice anyway. The man looked at her curiously. This woman was getting more and more interesting by the minute. He signaled for his assistant, and gave instructions to fetch a spare set of clothes from his car.
	Then he followed Melinda to the sofa, and sat beside her. "I hope you wouldn’t mind my company, beautiful lady.
	I’ve asked my assistant to get me some spare clothes. I think I shall wait here lest other men snatch my dance partner away."
	His words amused Melinda. He was laying the charm on thick, all right. Not that it had any of its desired effects, but she couldn’t help smiling.
	The assistant was back in a matter of moments, and the man disappeared to a nearby rest room to change. He emerged after a short while, this time dressed in a silver gray suit. It didn’t escape Melinda how his new ensemble seemed to match her own outfit.
	The fabric of his suit was a bit more on the darker side, but had a satin-like finish to it that gave it glints of silver. He accessorized with gold cuff links, which stood out against his suit, and at the same time, called attention to his high status.
	The pair walked into the dance floor together, and the guests gawked at them. They looked very well-matched, indeed. They were quite a spectacle to behold as they danced, their graceful movements perfectly attuned to each other. The light bounced off of their clothes, giving them an otherworldly glow.
	Melinda was smiling up at her partner, her head tilted to a graceful angle, her dainty chin slightly raised towards her partner.
	The man’s eyes never left her face, his gaze turning soft and tender as they twirled around.
	To any stranger watching, they looked to be the perfect picture of a couple in love. They attracted everyone’s attention, and it made Melinda squirm.
	The man noticed her discomfort, and as soon as the song ended, he ushered his dance partner to the side under the pretense of getting something to eat. "I’m quite famished."
	Melinda smiled at him in gratitude, feeling warm from his thoughtful consideration. It somehow slipped her mind that, as they walked out of the dance floor, they were still holding hands.
	The man brought her to a quiet place on the opposite side of the patio. He carefully seated Melinda before going to the buffet table by himself to get some food.
	When he returned, she was pleasantly surprised to discover that he somehow picked the same foods she ate earlier. Clearly, he had been paying attention, and the warmth in her grew. She smiled as she reached for a sandwich and took a big bite.
	The man watched her with barely concealed interest. "How can you eat so much and still look so magnificent? That’s rather unfair." He said it so easily that while she knew he was complimenting her, the joke stood out to Melinda more than the praise. She decided she wouldn’t mind a bit of witty repartee.
	"You know, I’m sure you’re trying to pay me a compliment, but you seem to have said a bit more than that."
	"Well actually..." The man took a heavy breath in mock exasperation, and then cupped his chin as though in deep thought. "The truth of the matter is that I wanted to ask you if you have a secret regimen because I think I could use some of that."
Chapter 114 A Male Fan
	The man was talkative and funny, which made Melinda feel comfortable. She couldn't stop laughing at his jokes.
	Melinda didn't put on weight easily. She felt helpless most of the time. Moreover, she had a good appetite and couldn't stop eating.
	The man picked all the scrumptious desserts and placed them next to Melinda's plate. Her mouth began to water at the mere sight of the dishes. Although Melinda had a good appetite, this was too much for her. She had already eaten a lot and her stomach would burst if she tried stuffing more food.
	Melinda happily chatted with the man. Talking to him was easy and they seemed to get along well. They had a lot in common and Melinda felt that he had a charming personality. Her opinion of the man grew better with their conversation.
	"You seem like a very interesting person." Melinda propped her chin on her palm and smiled at him.
	The man was good looking, and from her conversation with him, Melinda could tell that he was mature. But he sometimes behaved like a child, which she felt was incredibly cute. He was affable, warm, and capable of striking a conversation with just about anyone.
	"Are you always this ambiguous or is it just with me?" he asked, chuckling.
	The man couldn't tell if Melinda was complimenting or teasing him.
	Melinda smiled.
	The man didn't try pushing her further. Melinda was glad to have met him, or else, the party would have been boring. As time passed, people began to leave. Melinda's eyes involuntarily searched for Queena and Yulia.
	"It's nice to meet you. I think we should be friends. My name is Leo Liu."
	He smiled and reached out his hands for Melinda to take.
	"Melinda Mo." She clasped his slender hand and smiled.
	Leo Liu looked at Melinda's beautiful hand and smiled in return. He immediately pulled out his phone and asked for Melinda's number.
	Melinda hardly met good, interesting people, so she gave her number without hesitation.
	Queena waved goodbye to her friends and was about to leave. Melinda immediately stood up as Queena didn't bother looking for her.
	"I have to go now. Bye."
	She smiled wryly and scurried to catch up with Queena. When Queena saw Melinda, she turned away and continued to walk.
	The road was desolated and they were the only people to head back home. Yulia had managed to make a lot of friends and they were already getting ready for the next party.
	Queena despised Melinda and was uncomfortable to be in the same car with her. But there was only one car to pick them up and Melinda sat on the passenger seat.
	Melinda was lonely and depressed. She asked the driver to drop her at the garment store.
	"Mother, I've got some work to do. You go ahead. I'll come back soon,"
	Melinda said, even though she knew that Queena didn't care about where she went or what she did. Queena raised the window and asked the driver to leave, without looking at Melinda.
	Melinda watched the car breeze past her. She rubbed her arms and walked into the store.
	It was late at night and there was no one in the store except for the salesgirl. Her jaw dropped in shock when she saw Melinda. She felt that the dress looked perfect on her, just the way the designer wanted it to be.
	It accentuated Melinda's features beautifully and Melinda seemed to add an inexplicable beauty to the dress as well.
	The salesgirl inspected the dress and smiled at Melinda. "The dress looks fine. There's no damage. Let me get the item that you have mortgaged."
	She returned with the limited edition watch that Melinda had mortgaged for the dress. The watch was a gift from Jonas.
	Melinda would never wear the watch if it wasn't necessary.
	"Thank you."
	Melinda had changed into a simple shirt, pair of jeans, and a pink coat. The coat highlighted the blush on her cheeks, which made her look adorable.
	Melinda walked out of the shop to hail a taxi. The air was chilly and Melinda braced herself, hoping to get a taxi soon. She stuck her hand out to stop a taxi but none of them seemed to stop.
	"I'll pay twice the price, Sir. Please drop me home," she bargained to one of the drivers.
	The driver's face lit up. It was a tempting offer and he couldn't refuse. "All right. It's cold outside. Get in the car."
	The driver was talkative, so Melinda wasn't bored on her way home. When she was about to get down, her phone chimed with a message. Melinda checked the notification and found that someone had added her on WeChat.
	"Hello, Melinda. I'm Leo Liu." His message was concise, completely in contrast to the boisterous person he was.
	Melinda checked Leo Liu's picture. He was wearing a black suit and a tie, looking incredibly handsome.
	Melinda quickly clicked the agreement just as the taxi stopped in front of the Gu's mansion.
	"I'll get down here. How about I transfer the money to your WeChat?" she asked.
	The driver took out his mobile phone and gave her the bill. Melinda transferred the money and saw that Leo Liu had already sent several texts to her.
	"You left just like that, without saying a proper goodbye. Have you reached home?"
	He sent the message along with funny emojis. Melinda shook her head and smiled.
	"Yes, I'm home now. Talk to you later," she replied.
	The Gu's mansion was enormous and it took about twenty minutes to walk from the main villa to the gate. The security guard saw Melinda and asked one of the servants to arrange a car for her.
	Melinda didn't refuse. She had been wearing high heels all night and her feet were throbbing in pain. As soon as Melinda entered the villa, she headed straight to the bathroom and took a soothing, hot bath.
	By the time she walked out of the shower, it was already nine o'clock. Since Jonas hadn't returned, Melinda plopped on the sofa with the phone in her hand. She turned the TV on and switched to a random channel that was playing a soap opera.
	The conversation of the characters faded in the background when Melinda checked her phone.
	She opened WeChat and saw the message from Leo Liu.
	"Why were you in such a hurry to leave home? Call me if you need any help!"
	"I had an important thing to do. It's sorted now, don't worry."
	Melinda was referring to the dress that she had to return. But Leo Liu's eyebrows furrowed as he thought that she was in trouble.
	He had seen the way Queena and Yulia treated Melinda and felt that she must have been having a hard time in the family.
	"Anyway, can you recommend good movies to watch? I'm tired of watching new ones and it would be great if you suggested some good, old classics."
	Leo Liu was good at keeping a conversation. He could talk to anyone, about anything at ease. Melinda began to think about all the good movies that she had watched.
	Melinda had watched many old movies to get inspiration for her writing.
	"Why do you want to watch old movies? What's wrong with the new ones?"
	Melinda felt that it was weird for a trendy guy like Leo Liu to watch old movies.
	"Movies these days have no stories. They are just focused on showcasing the brilliance of technology. Whereas, old films have amazing actors backed by wonderful stories. They have worked hard to bring the characters on screen and we shouldn't forget them."
	Melinda was shocked by Leo Liu's articulate answer but she couldn't help but argue.
	"Actors of our generation are equally talented. The filming process has evolved over the years and has managed to make realistic movies."
	Melinda continued to give examples from movies to support her statement. The two of them continued to chat about movies, film making, and their favorite films. Moreover, Leo Liu had watched almost all the movies that Melinda suggested.
	The conversation soon took a different course as they began to discuss the hidden meaning behind the film. They had different opinions but the argument became more interesting and intellectual. But they finally gave up as there was only limited information about the movie.
	"Let's have dinner someday," Leo Liu sent.
	He grew nervous after sending the message. He was afraid that Melinda would refuse the offer and stop talking to him altogether. As expected, Melinda politely declined the offer but he was glad that she didn't admonish him for asking her out.
	Leo Liu looked at the message and smiled awkwardly.
	"No, I'm married."
	Melinda could guess that Leo Liu had a crush on her. He was finding excuses to talk to her. Melinda was also fond of him but he was just a friend to her.
	Leo Liu could be a great friend. He had an amazing personality that made her feel at ease.
	"I know that you are married and that your husband's name is Jonas Gu."
	Melinda was yet again surprised by Leo Liu's message. Her face flustered with embarrassment. She wanted to take back what she had sent but it was too late. She didn't know what to reply.
	Fortunately, Leo Liu saved the trouble by sending another message.
	"Melinda, I'm your fan. Can't you fulfill a fan's wish?"
	Melinda couldn't help but chuckle. But she was confused. How did Leo Liu know so much about her? He was aware that she was a writer and that she was married to Jonas. Melina wondered if he was an old schoolmate.
	Melinda became curious and started to look at the website of her alma mater to find any information about Leo Liu. She soon realized that he had studied in the same school as her.
	He was two years younger than she was. There were a lot of information about him, all of them were compliments about his immense talent and good conduct.
	"Oh, we are from the same school."
	she said, beaming with joy.
	"Yes. You have no idea about how much I admire your writing. But it's a pity that my knowledge of literature is limited and I cannot write. Otherwise, I would have joined you and Kent to write wonderful stories. I'm sure we would have explored the world of literature together."
	Melinda burst into a fit of laughter. She felt that Leo Liu was a little child at times. Melinda bonded well with him after she found that they were from the same school.
	When Jonas returned home, he couldn't take his eyes off Melinda. She looked incredibly happy and he felt as if he were traveling in time. Melinda had been depressed lately and Jonas felt happy to see her smile. He wanted to carefully preserve her precious smile and protect it at all cost.
	Melinda's eyes were fixed on the phone. Jonas pushed the door until it squeaked loudly. He removed his suit and looked at Melinda to check if he had caught her attention. However, Melinda did not turn her head to look at him, as if she had not heard the door open.
Chapter 115 Giving A Warning To Others
	Jonas was unhappy with the behavior Melinda had shown at the banquet. His lips formed into a thin line as he stared at the photo. Her beauty was for his eyes only. A lot of people had seen her like that and he didn't like it.
	Melinda was still in the middle of a conversation with Leo when he approached her. Apparently, their topic had already shifted to their alma mater.
	A smile was plastered on her face from the nostalgia brought on by Leo's stories. She was recalling the good old days when a voice suddenly interrupted her from behind.
	"Who are you talking to?"
	Jonas's cold voice made Melinda shiver. She involuntarily pulled the blanket up closer to her body as he had spoken.
	He clenched his jaw, quite displeased with the fact that Melinda was smiling because of another person who was probably a man. There was a look of bitterness that swept across his face.
	"It's none of your business," she answered.
	Melinda pointed the remote control towards the TV to switch it off and quickly made her way to the bed. She didn't like to use a hair dryer so her hair was still a little wet, but she lay herself down anyway.
	Her mood suddenly turned sour when Jonas had returned, which was why she suddenly informed Leo that she needed to rest and ended their conversation.
	She then grabbed a towel and started drying her hair while randomly looking for a TV show and started watching again. This made Jonas sense that Melinda was hiding something from him.
	No matter how much he wanted to pry into it, he found himself unable to. The atmosphere around them remained tense since Melinda was still mad at him because of the incident with Emily.
	Jonas had gone to the bathroom before returning only to find that Melinda had already fallen asleep. The room was silent except for the noise coming from the TV and her slow breathing.
	Her head was almost over the edge of the bed and she was still holding the towel that wrapped some part of her hair. He quietly stared at her for a moment with an expression that looked like he was in deep thought.
	It took a while before he finally sighed and carefully took the towel out of her grasp to continue wiping her hair. Since his mother had returned, a party like the one held this evening was necessary.
	It was only the first day and Melinda couldn't stand it anymore. What was the next thing to be done?
	The following morning, Melinda went downstairs to find the dining room lively. Even Yulia, who rarely showed up for breakfast, was also present.
	After saying her greetings, she discovered that there were no seats left. She felt embarrassed because of this, but her face remained passive so as not to reveal her true feelings.
	Yulia was silently enjoying the moment. Although she was having breakfast, she secretly stole glances at Melinda.
	The idea of Melinda feeling embarrassed thrilled her.
	"Nanny," Melinda called.
	She took a glance at the servants around her, who all had their heads lowered. Melinda knew that they were also waiting for this moment. Once again, she suddenly missed the small villa.
	Back over there, they did not have much servants. It was only Mary who took care of them most of the time.
	"Mrs. Gu," one of the servants answered.
	The nanny looked at her without any ounce of respect. Melinda had no place in this family no matter how long she had been part of it. It was because of Jonas who once ordered the servants to respect her, but both of them weren't even in good terms at present.
	These people acted based on the current situation. This time around, they would not have been kind to Melinda.
	"Have you forgotten that mother has returned? Why haven't you prepared enough seats for her?"
	The servant flinched and gave her a frightened look before subconsciously glancing over to Queena. Melinda had always been gentle, but this time around her temper was bad as she yelled at the nanny.
	Melinda noticed the look the servant gave Queena, and suddenly it all dawned upon her that this had all been a set up. Come to think of it, the servants wouldn't dare to do such a thing no matter how much they disliked her.
	"Mrs. Gu, I am going to arrange a seat right away."
	Queena did not utter a word as Melinda ferociously stood there while the servant hurriedly left to have the situation fixed, terrified that Melinda's displeasure would get her fired.
	After all, it wasn't that easy to acquire such a high paying job at another household.
	"Mother, I apologize for not teaching the servants well. I'll make sure to do so in the future."
	Melinda turned around to face Queena with a smile, but the truth was that this was her way of silently telling her mother-in-law that she was aware of who was behind this.
	The reason why Melinda had gotten angry was because it would have given Queena an opportunity to treat her cruelly if she showed some kindness at the moment.
	The servant finally returned with a chair and some breakfast, but the food she prepared was less than the usual. Melinda gave her a look that she could not fathom, resulting for the servant to tremble from where she stood. Melinda hesitated for a while, but then decided to punish her as a form of warning to the others.
	"Gavin, can you hire a new nanny right away? If you can't, just send Mary over here. I don't want to have such a careless person with me."
	Melinda knew that she would have ended up getting bullied by these people if she hadn't gotten angry at them.
	The servant had almost knelt down in shock upon hearing Melinda's words. She attempted to open her mouth, eyes widened in horror as she glanced over to Queena wanting to say something. However, she was stopped by her stern look.
	"Come on, don't get mad at her," Queena finally said. "This is all my fault. It has been a long time since I had last been home."
	The servant quietly let out a sigh of relief the moment Queena spoke up and secretly thought that she wouldn't repeat such a thing again no matter how good the benefits she would have gotten.
	Melinda remained cold and authoritative. "Since mother said so, she could remain working here then. However, I don't think that such a careless person should stay in the kitchen. Gavin, please assign her somewhere else."
	Melinda wouldn't compromise that easy, or these people would have to rely on Queena to deal with her since she knew they disliked her.
	Since Queena had returned to the Gu's mansion, Melinda's peaceful days were over. Because of this, she needed to start learning how to be flexible enough and handle everything well.
	Even a small mistake could be turned into a big thing.
	Even though Mary hadn't said anything when she discovered about how Melinda had been treated, she thought that it was a shame. Instead, she quietly cooked breakfast for her.
	Queena didn't like the special treatment Melinda had received. She was even more convinced that the only reason Melinda liked Jonas was because of the possessions he owned.
	Aside from this, Melinda's actions embarrassed Queena. It was her, after all, who suggested the servant to prepare less bowls and chopsticks with the intention of not preparing for Melinda at all.
	Her plan didn't seem to work since Melinda didn't get irritated. Instead, she found a perfect excuse.
	Once was enough. Queena wasn't inclined to repeat something like that another time around, but now the servants were having doubts about their affairs.
	The moment Mary was transferred, she certainly did not allow Melinda to be mistreated especially when it came to meals.
	Melinda heaved a sigh of relief. It was only her first day that she had to survive a clashing of swords between her and Queena, and she was sure that the following days to come would definitely be much livelier.
	Even though she was the wife of Jonas, she did not intervene in his family's affairs. She only regarded herself as an outsider in this mansion.
	Thankfully, there wasn't a repeat of the earlier events during lunch time. However, this did not stop Queena from showing her displeasure towards Melinda.
	Even though Yulia was happy about this, she tried to hide it. She didn't want to get in the way with Queena's anger and risk diverting it towards her.
	"Accompany me to the mall to buy some new clothes. It's time to clean up my wardrobe and replace it," Queena said.
	She was someone who paid extra attention to her appearance, making sure that she was always up to date with the latest trend. Melinda was aware of this, but she did not expect that she would be the one asked to accompany her.
	She couldn't help but be worried. She had a feeling that this wouldn't end well.
	It turned out, however, that Melinda's assumptions were wrong. Queena didn't have any other intention aside from going shopping. Melinda's dress at the party made her trust her taste when it came to fashion.
	Even though she knew about this, she wouldn't admit it out loud. Instead, what she would always say was that Melinda's tastes were nothing but ordinary since she was born into a common family.
	Yulia wanted to join them, but later on decided to stay home. Melinda, for the meantime, took note of the time while Queena was taking her usual break during noon. She started to first work on her writing for two hours before she took out an outfit and got changed.
	She wore a beige knitted sweater that matched her black leather skirt with a pair of stockings underneath that seemed to accentuate her long and straight legs. Since she was afraid that she might get cold, she brought a small sleeveless jacket with her.
	It wasn't long after she had arrived at the living room on the first floor that Queena came out of her room. She wore a dress that made her look aristocratic, matched with high heels and a designer bag in her hand.
	On the other hand, Melinda only brought a simple cross body bag and her phone with her.
	Gavin was informed that they were going out in the afternoon so he had already arranged a driver for them to go to the best shopping mall in the city.
	Melinda knew that Queena was a very meticulous person, which was why she opted to wear flat shoes for today's trip. She wanted to be prepared in the event that they would end up spending a long time shopping.
	"Let's have a look inside this store," Queena ordered.
	Her eyes were glued on a certain dress inside the display wardrobe. Melinda thought that it had a nice style and also perfectly matched Queena's personality.
	Objectively speaking, if she were to cast aside the conflict between them, Queena had a strong personality of an aristocratic lady.
	Her actions often felt like it came straight out of a textbook about etiquette.
	There were other times, however, that she would lose her cool. Just like most mother-in-laws, she was the type who would never be satisfied with her daughter-in-law.
	"Do you have a size in medium?" Queena asked politely as she walked up to the counter and pointed over to a dress by the window.
	The attendant, however, did not even bother looking away from her phone while answering, "No."
	"Do you have a similar style or perhaps a smaller size?"
	Queena's voice sounded impatient this time. She was already displeased with the attendant's behavior.
	Melinda started to pick from a row of dresses herself and settled for a medium size. The style wasn't the same as the dress Queena had wanted earlier, but this one was much more fabulous.
	"Mother, why don't you try this one on? It matches you well."
	Melinda handed over some of the clothes she picked to Queena. All of them matched her size and style and she seemed to like all of them.
	Queena was a little surprised and it seemed to appease her mood.
Chapter 116 The Two Women Plan Again
	To her credit, Queena tried on all the clothes that Melinda plucked off the rack.
	Every time she walked out of the fitting room, her daughter-in-law would compliment her, or comment on how to accessorize the clothes, or sometimes just straight up hand her the jewelries to match. She couldn’t deny that she was very satisfied with every outfit that Melinda chose for her.
	The attendant paid them no attention at first, but over time she started to notice the pile of clothes that Melinda kept bringing to the dressing area.
	And it looked to her like these customers weren’t going to stop trying on clothes anytime soon. She finally approached Melinda, as Queena tried on another outfit in the fitting room.
	"Excuse me, but we don’t allow just anyone to try on the clothes we have here. We only cater to buying customers."
	She gave her a pointed look as she finished speaking, making sure her message came across clearly. And it did.
	"Is that so?" Melinda asked casually as she rubbed the fabric of the dress she was holding between her fingers. Then she smiled a serene smile to mask the annoyance she felt at the attendant’s condescending attitude.
	"You’re quite right to be selective with your clientele. These are very high quality clothes after all."
	"Indeed," the attendant sniffed. "We have a lot of people coming in here to just try on the clothes and take photos in the fitting room because they can’t afford to actually buy the items."
	Then her gaze wandered over to the nearby benches, where the clothes Queena had already tried on were splayed. She heaved an irritated sigh, and went over to pick them up and hang them back on the racks.
	"Did you just inadvertently say that I can’t afford these things?" Queena emerged from the fitting room before the attendant could even make a grab for one of the outfits.
	The older woman heard everything that was exchanged between the attendant and her daughter-in-law, and it only fueled her earlier displeasure at the type of welcome they received from the store.
	Melinda quickly strode over to her and smoothed out the sleeves of the shirt she tried on, and adjusted something at the collar. "Mother, you have such a nice figure, you look good in practically anything. Why don’t we just buy everything you’ve tried on so far?"
	Melinda smiled at her mother-in-law, and then the two women turned at the same time to look at the attendant coldly. The woman frowned, her hesitation showing on her face.
	Still, she had encountered this scenario before, where customers tried to intimidate her to get their brief fix of luxury. She stood her ground.
	She puffed out her chest, ready to reprimand the women, but before she could say anything, the manager burst into the dressing area.
	The attendant stared at her superior, confused. As far as she knew, the manager was buried deep in his office since earlier that day, and gave instructions not to be disturbed.
	He walked straight to the attendant, his face alarmingly flushed. "Pack all these clothes up for Madam Gu," the manager ordered her with a wild look in his eyes.
	Then the manager turned to the women and gave them a low bow. As soon as he raised his face, he flashed them his customer service smile.
	"I deeply apologize, Madam Gu. The attendant didn’t know her place and caused you much distress. Please be assured that this matter will be dealt with accordingly."
	Then he ushered the two women towards the reception, leaving the attendant rooted to the spot, completely horrified as she realized what she had just done. And to whom.
	"Madam, please accept my offer of a VIP discount on all the items you purchased today. Of course, we are well aware that you are not short in funds and have no need for such incentive, but please allow us to gift you with it. I hope you accept, and may you forgive us for our earlier offense."
	The other shop employees stared as their manager spoke politely and bowed several times to the women. Clearly, these customers were not to be looked down on. They scurried over to help the attendant pack the goods before the madam and her companion changed their minds.
	The two women left soon after, without any further incident, but the manager was still a little on edge. He had been handling some paperwork in his office when he received a call.
	He thanked his lucky stars he decided to pick up that one call, or there was no telling the fate of their company.
	In the car, Queena cast a discreet glance at her daughter-in-law. She was quite certain the sudden appearance of the manager was Melinda’s doing.
	The younger woman had done well in diverting her displeasure from the annoying attendant by continuously giving her clothes to try on. Additionally, she handled the attendant’s snobbish behavior with class, and the complaint with her superior discreetly.
	Despite herself, she was impressed. Her daughter-in-law wasn’t so bad after all.
	They spent the rest of the day visiting other shops, and went home late in the evening. Queena didn’t treat Melinda any differently than she always had, but the day passed without her finding fault and verbally harassing the younger woman.
	It wasn’t such a remarkable change per se, but Yulia sensed it. They were all in the living room at the time, and the servants were steadily bringing in the shopping packages they had amassed throughout the day.
	"Aunt Queena," Yulia began. "The clothes you bought are so beautiful! Where did you buy them? I think I’ll go shopping there next time I go out." She was shamelessly looking into the bags, noting the luxury brands and the expensive packaging.
	Envy rose to the surface as she watched the seemingly endless influx of more shopping bags. She wasn’t poor herself, but she certainly couldn’t afford this much luxury items at a given time.
	Her grandfather made sure to limit her funds, since the old man was aware just how much of a spendthrift she could be. She eyed the designer clothes with longing.
	"Well, Melinda has very good taste," Queena spoke casually, but each word was said in a precise tone, as if to emphasize the fact that Melinda selected the clothes for her.
	Yulia’s head shot up in astonishment, and for a moment she forgot her lust for extravagance. Even Jonas, who had no interest in such affairs and was quietly reading on the couch, looked up in surprise.
	"Only because mother was such a good model; it’s easy to pick out outfits when everything looks good on you." Melinda smiled gently, and Queena only said a stern "Hmm."
	Nevertheless, she did not rebuke her daughter-in-law, and it alarmed Yulia. She could feel her face pale.
	Never in her wildest dreams did she expect Queena to accept suggestions from Melinda, much less praise them! 'That little bitch is so sly. If they went out a few more times like this, she might get Queena on her side. I can’t let that happen; otherwise I’d be completely powerless in this home!'
	Unconsciously, her grip tightened on one of the clothes she fished out from the bags, and her face took on a murderous expression. Queena was first to notice, and then the others looked at Yulia as well, with varying degrees of curiosity and disdain. Even the servants were giving her strange looks.
	Queena sneered at her husband’s bastard. The brat was predictable; the daughter of a mistress from a poor background would naturally covet things that were out of her reach.
	"Yulia." Melinda’s voice was gentle, but her tone firm. It pulled Yulia back to her senses, and she realized what she was clutching in her hands.
	It occurred to her then that it must have looked like she was seething with jealousy over the clothes, which of course she was just a while back, and she paled even further.
	Unable to come up with an excuse to save face, she slowly let go of the fabric and stood up with her head down. "I’m sorry, Aunt Queena. My stomach isn’t feeling so good."
	It was as convincing as she could get, and her pale complexion helped somewhat. She left for her room in a hurry.
	That night, Yulia had a dream. She was curled up into a ball, all alone in a dark corner of the Gu's mansion. No one paid attention to her and she could only look on as the rest of the family sat down and happily shared a meal together.
	Melinda, in particular, was being fawned upon by Nelson and Jonas, and to her horror, by Queena as well. She woke up with a start, feeling her hatred for Melinda transcend from dream to reality.
	Or was it the other way around? She knew she had to do something soon.
	In the days that followed, Yulia took every opportunity to spend time with Queena, and maximized it by bad-mouthing Melinda.
	She told the older woman that Melinda only married Jonas for money, and would often bring it up in conversation. She would make efforts to please Queena, too, sucking up to the older madam.
	Her efforts bore fruit, and though there wasn’t anything confrontational, Melinda could sense that her mother-in-law’s disapproval had significantly grown. She wondered what she had done wrong recently, never thinking that Yulia might have had a hand in it.
	Soon winter was just around the corner, and the days in A City were growing shorter. Yulia would often lock herself up in her bedroom, contemplating on the relationships among the people in the Gu family, and devising her schemes.
	Her plans naturally drifted over to Emily, her constant partner in scheme. A single call was all it took for the two evil women to catch each other up on the developments, and cook something up in their sleeves.
	"I’m holding a party next week," Emily said at one point. "I need you to help me cozy up to Queena." From what Yulia had told her, Queena seemed to be a person of considerable influence, and she sounded a bit on the prideful side, too.
	"Queena usually goes shopping on Saturdays. I’ll call you tomorrow morning to confirm." Yulia wasn’t sure what Emily wanted to do, but they did have a track record of successfully colluding to make Melinda miserable. This was going to be just another one of those times.
	The next day, Queena did go shopping as per her routine. When afternoon came, she went into a cafe and sat down to have coffee by herself. Suddenly, and without invitation, a gorgeous young woman in a white dress sat down at the chair across her table.
	"Aunt Queena, I haven’t seen you for a long time!" The girl chattered excitedly. "I’ve always wanted to pay a visit, but I never could find a chance. I hope you forgive me." Emily was sure Queena had no idea who she was. At least as an adult.
	"Who are you?" the older woman asked, visibly confused. Queena had a vague sense that this girl was a celebrity of some sort, but she didn’t recognize her. ‘She must not be someone big in the industry, for her to have left such a small impression on me.'
	"It’s me, Emily." The actress pasted a cheerful grin on her face. Although Queena’s loss at her identity was favorable to her plan, she couldn’t help the little sting of insult that she wasn’t recognized at all.
	Queena only frowned, and mulled over the name for some moments. Then it hit her. Wasn’t this the girl who was constantly tagging along behind Jonas when they were children?
	Before she could say anything, Emily leaned over the table and flashed her another smile. "It’s been so many years, Aunt Queena. You’re just as beautiful as you were in the past!"
	Queena’s response was automatic. "You have changed a lot." And she was being honest, too. Queena had been around high society for most of her life; she could tell people’s upbringing and temperament despite what their looks alluded to.
	Emily struggled to keep smiling. "Yes, well. I have spent all these past years abroad, so of course I’ve changed." Then she scrambled to change the topic. "But it’s such a pleasant coincidence to run into you today! I’m hosting a party in two days. Would you please, please come and attend?"
	Queena took a moment to check her schedule, and readily accepted the invitation without much thought. Remembering Yulia’s story about how Melinda went shopping with Queena, Emily made it a point to lengthen her stay in the cafe, spending the whole afternoon sucking up to the older woman.
	Needless to say, with all the acting skills she racked up in the course of her career, she made a good impression on Jonas's mother, and this time she made sure it would stick.
	The day of the party came, and it was held in one of the hotels under Soaring Group. Although Emily exhausted her connections and invited a lot of people.
	She introduced Queena around, establishing herself as someone close to the madam of the Gu family. She stayed by the older woman’s side the whole night, fending off other socialites and opportunistic people who wanted a chance to gain the favor of the Gu family.
	She also made sure to compliment Queena frequently. "Aunt Queena, you’re like a bright light that attracts everyone. They all admire you."
	"You’re not so bad yourself." Queena’s reply was curt. She was no stranger to empty flattery and the swarm of people always seeking to take advantage. Emily had on a silver fishtail dress, while Queena wore a purple cheongsam. It was quite true that they were an attention-grabbing pair.
	Emily pouted. "Oh well. I did hear some of the guests say we look like sisters. I keep telling them if that’s the case then the elder sister is obviously more beautiful and more graceful." And it was true. Queena had aged very well. And while it could be said that Jonas got his good looks from his father, his mother had obviously pitched in the appearance department as well.
	"You are so sweet," Queena said, giving Emily a little smile. She still remained reserved, and acted indifferent to the countless compliments, but she seemed to be enjoying hearing them.
	Emily smiled to herself. It looked like the party wasn’t in vain after all.
Chapter 117 An Amateur
	After the party, Emily managed to get Queena's number. She had planned to start hanging out with Queena to get closer to her.
	With Yulia's help, it didn't take long for Emily to make Queena fall in her trap.
	Queena quickly changed her clothes after lunch and headed downstairs. She saw that Melinda was sitting in the living room, reading a book.
	"Mrs. Lin is coming here today. I'm leaving now because I've got important work to do. Make her feel at home and don't cause any trouble."
	Although Queena despised Melinda, she couldn't deny that she was the smartest of them all. However, Yulia's constant mind games made her believe that Melinda was devising cunning plans against her.
	"I know, Mom. Don't worry, I'll take care. Have a good time."
	Melinda closed the book and smiled. She wondered why Queena was leaving the house when her friend was going to meet her at home but she didn't dare to ask her.
	Once Queena left, Melinda asked Gavin to tell her about Mrs. Lin, her likes and dislikes. She wanted to well-prepared to receive her.
	Emily had invited Queena to an art exhibition that was held by a young, popular painter.
	Yulia had informed Emily about Queena's love for painting and calligraphy. Therefore, Emily decided to bring her here.
	"This young man has done a pretty good job,"
	Queena said, arching an eyebrow in appreciation. She went in circles and inspected all the paintings.
	The paintings were beautiful with hidden meanings that only people who truly loved art could decipher. Whereas, in the layman's eyes, they were just pieces of art with beautiful strokes. Queena could understand the meanings and couldn't take her eyes off the paintings. Emily couldn't understand anything and decided to break the silence.
	"Aunt Queena, I remember that you were good at painting and calligraphy. I used to admire all your works. They were out of the world,"
	Emily said, looking at the majestic piece of art before her. It was a painting of a serene landscape. The vivid red figure in the corner seemed to lure the attention of the viewers.
	"Oh, I draw pictures and write calligraphy just to pass the time. My work is nothing compared to the paintings of this artist,"
	Queena said, shaking her head with disappointment. Emily's eyes were gleaming with excitement. "Well, I don't know if I'm lucky enough to see your work." She pouted.
	"I'll ask the driver to pick you up tomorrow. You can come to my house and take a look at my artworks."
	Queena shrugged casually. They strolled across the art gallery before leaving. The next day, Queena kept up her promise and arranged the driver to pick Emily up.
	Queena's paintings were in the drawing-room of the Gu's mansion. She had always been fond of art and calligraphy, and therefore, the walls were covered with her works.
	Although Emily didn't know much about art, she could tell that Queena wasn't as good as the painter was.
	"Oh my God! Aunt Queena, your paintings are simply fantastic. I can see that you've paid attention to every stroke. They are very realistic and when I look at the paintings, I feel like I'm in these picturesque places, admiring their beauty."
	Emily was an eloquent flatterer and Queena fell for her words.
	"Really?"
	she asked, her face beaming with joy. Queena couldn't believe Emily's words but she was excited to hear someone praise her and recognize her talent.
	"Yes, of course. Although I don't know much about art, I can still tell whether it's good or bad, and you've done a brilliant job."
	Emily smiled. She was afraid that Queena would see through her lies and continued to praise her further to gain her trust.
	"Aunt Queena, you need to trust your skills. You're gifted and I think you should conduct an exhibition,"
	Emily said sincerely. Queena was tempted. She had always wanted to exhibit her artworks but she was skeptical about her talent. She felt that she wasn't good enough and didn't want to make a fool of herself.
	Emily's words encouraged Queena to reclaim her passion. Her wavering mind firmly rested on the idea of holding an art exhibition.
	At dinner, Queena announced that she was going to conduct an art exhibition. Everyone fell silent and looked at her in shock. They didn't know what to say.
	"You want to hold an art exhibition?"
	Nelson put down his chopsticks and looked at her in confusion. He wondered how she had come up with such a lame idea.
	"Yes, I want to hold a painting and calligraphy exhibition."
	"Bullshit!"
	Nelson bellowed. Everyone's eyes widened and Melinda almost choked on her food. Queena's face fell, her cheeks turned red with embarrassment.
	"You're just an amateur. You're not talented enough to hold an exhibition. Your painting and calligraphy have no artistic value."
	Queena's face turned pale. Melinda felt sorry for her and opened her mouth to say something but Jonas put a shrimp ball into her mouth.
	"Dad, are you telling me that I shouldn't hold an exhibition?" she croaked.
	"I just want you to understand your potential and not make a fool of yourself. If you're too bored, take care of the family for me instead of coming up with stupid ideas,"
	Nelson said coldly. Queena's confidence began to crumble but she wasn't ready to compromise.
	"I'm sorry. I'm going to conduct the art exhibition irrespective of what you say."
	Queena was always a stubborn woman. Once she put her mind to something, nothing could change it. She was always firm with her decisions and opinions.
	Nelson rolled his eyes and ate dinner in silence. Queena glanced at Jonas and Melinda to see their response but their ignorance annoyed her even more. She stood up and left without finishing dinner.
	Although Jonas didn't encourage Queena, he arranged the money to help his mother conduct her art exhibition. Melinda wanted to help her but Nelson stopped her.
	Queena was furious. She wanted to successfully conduct the exhibition and prove that Nelson was wrong.
	She was new to all this and had never conducted an exhibition before. Therefore, she hired a planner to help her. The paintings were sorted and Queena wanted to pick a good venue and exhibit her works in a beautiful layout.
	Her artworks were an assortment of random paintings and calligraphy. Moreover, she couldn't come up with a theme for her exhibition. Questions were pouring in but Queena didn't have the answers to any of them.
	"Aunt Queena, why don't we split the paintings into different themes, so that it looks more professional?" Emily suggested as she couldn't think of a good theme either.
	Queena was perplexed and regretted taking a hasty decision. She immediately agreed to Emily's suggestion as she was ready to do anything to make things better.
	Conducting an art exhibition was not as simple and easy as Queena thought. After a week of hard work, all the details of the art exhibition were finalized.
	On the day of the exhibition, Queena went to the venue early in the morning. All the staffs were ready to welcome the guests but unfortunately, the place was empty. No one had come to attend the event.
	After a long time, some people entered the gallery but they were here to attend the book exhibition next door and had walked in by mistake.
	When Melinda reached the venue, she saw that it was empty. She understood that Nelson was right. He had only tried to save her from the disappointment.
	Queena was an amateur and didn't have a fan base. Moreover, no one was aware of the event as she hadn't promoted it on social media.
	"Mom, I've brought lunch. You must have been busy and I think you need to get some rest," Melinda said concernedly.
	Melinda was worried that Queena wouldn't have had the time to have lunch because of her busy schedule. But she had overestimated Queena's talent. Queena looked at Melinda with contempt and turned away. She wondered what she was doing here.
	The planner of the exhibition had ordered lunch for the employees. They were having lunch together, chatting happily.
	However, as time passed by, everyone began to discuss the failure of the exhibition to attract people.
	"Mom, please eat something. The weather is cold and no one would want to step out in the morning. I'm sure people would start coming in the afternoon and you'll have no time to eat then."
	Melinda comforted Queena, which made her feel better.
	She felt that Melinda was right. Everyone would start coming when it got warmer in the afternoon. Melinda was relieved to see the frown disappear from Queena's face.
	After Queena went to have lunch, Melinda wandered in the gallery, took pictures of herself, and posted on Weibo. Her fans were thrilled as they finally got the opportunity to meet her.
	"An art exhibition? Share the venue!"
	"I'm dying to meet you!" The comments started flooding and Melinda patiently replied to all of them.
	She promoted Queena's exhibition on her website. Kent was also kind enough to help her.
	Melinda knew that she had to be careful. It was Queena's exhibition and she would lose her mind if she saw Melinda's fans swarming around her.
	Melinda's fans were enthusiastic. They started visiting the gallery one after another. Melinda felt that it wasn't safe for her to be around and snuck out through the back door.
	After Melinda's small-scale promotion, Emily decided to copy her idea. She also posted pictures of Queena's paintings on Weibo.
	Despite the cold weather, the art gallery was filled with people. Queena was ecstatic to find that the people were stopping by, despite the cold weather. She was curious about the sudden crowd, so she asked Emily about it. Emily told her that they were her fans and that she had promoted her exhibition. Queena was touched by her thoughtful gesture.
	Queena couldn't keep up with the knowledge of Melinda's fans. They asked questions about the intricacies of her artwork and Queena almost couldn't answer some of them.
	Most of the fans were sensible and didn't want to hurt anyone's feelings by openly commenting on Queena's inefficiency. They shared their doubts and vented their disappointment through personal texts to Melinda.
	"It didn't seem like an art exhibition. It was more like Emily's meet up with her fans," a fan messaged.
	She also said that Emily's fans knew nothing about painting and calligraphy but they continued to flatter Queena.
	"Each one is entitled to their opinion but thank you for coming by. I appreciate your support," Melinda said.
	"Are you willing to hold an art exhibition? Kent once said that you're good at calligraphy," the fan said.
	She was excited that her favorite author had replied to her message. She admired Melinda and wanted to see her hidden skills and talents.
	"No, I'm just an amateur,"
	Melinda replied. A smile tugged at the corners of her lips when she typed the words.
Chapter 118 A Perfect Ending
	The art exhibition lasted for three days. Even though it did not garner the interest of professionals, there were still a lot of people who came and visited because of Emily's popularity. The event went pretty well because of her promotion.
	On the last day, Emily personally went over there, and the small venue was jam-packed with her fans.
	For the occasion, she wore a lemon yellow dress, paired with white block heels. After greeting the people there, Emily went over to the reception room. Queena was already there, sitting with a smile on her face.
	Emily promptly sat across from her and reached out for a cup of tea on the coffee table.
	"Huge crowd out there. Looks like your works are really popular," she commented.
	Today, her lips were painted in a bright red color, making her look elegant and lovely. There was a gentleness in her eyes as she brought the porcelain green cup to her mouth, taking a sip of the warm tea.
	As she spoke with Queena, Emily deliberately sat in a rather reserved manner.
	"That's only true because you're here," Queena countered lightly. "After I close up the exhibition, you should come back home with me and have dinner. I already told the servants to prepare something special for you."
	The success of the exhibit was largely because of Emily's involvement. Because of her support, Queena naturally wanted to make it up to her.
	A flash of shrewdness appeared across Emily's eyes. For a second, she appeared hesitant. After thinking for a while, she took a big breath in. "I don't think that's a good idea. From what I know, Melinda doesn't like me very much," she said.
	"Nonsense. You are my guest. Besides, since when does the Gu family care about what she wants?"
	Queena frowned tightly, the top of her forehead creasing slightly. Carefully, she placed her teacup back on the table. There was an aura of grace about her as she put down the cup without making a single sound.
	"Ah, well... I don't want to intrude and disturb you," Emily responded.
	"What are you talking about? It would be my pleasure to have you there! If it weren't for you, this exhibition wouldn't have been so successful in the first place. Don't worry about Melinda. She's just enjoying all the benefits this family has to offer and has never done anything in return."
	For a brief moment, there was an look of anger on Queena's face. It was apparent that she disapproved of Jonas and Nelson's actions, and that she was deeply upset with Melinda. In her opinion, Emily was a much better person than Melinda was.
	"Actually, Melinda is pretty good—"
	"All right, let's stop talking about her now," Queena interrupted with a forced smile. "I'm going to head outside to check up on things. Besides, it's almost time to pack everything up."
	With that, she stood up and walked out the room. As soon as she opened the door, the excited chatter of Emily's fans greeted her. All of them were waiting to see more of Emily.
	There were only a few people here really to appreciate the calligraphy and paintings. Thinking about this, Queena had a strange feeling deep in her heart, but she just shrugged it off.
	After everything was sorted out and neatly packed up, Queena took Emily back to the Gu's mansion. As they arrived there, Gavin subtly raised his brow in surprise.
	On the other hand, Yulia was very happy to see Emily. She even volunteered to make some juice for them in the kitchen.
	"Excuse me. I'll just go upstairs and change," Queena told Emily with a smile. Then, she turned to look at Gavin, saying, "She's my special guest, okay? Please take care of her."
	A few minutes later, Queena came back downstairs and got something for them to eat for the time being. There were all kinds of fruits and desserts on the table. Emily quietly sat there as she ate. However, her eyes constantly glanced back at the door and stairway.
	"Jonas is still in the company," Queena said, noticing the expectant look in Emily's eyes. "He'll be here when dinner's ready. Have something light to eat first."
	"Ah... Thank you," Emily stammered.
	Although she wasn't particularly interested in any of the desserts on the table, she still politely went ahead and took a small bite.
	"Emily, have you tried the juice? I put some honey in there to make it special!"
	Yulia offered, pushing her a glass. Emily took it with a smile. "Wow, this is delicious Yulia! You'll have to tell me how you made this."
	Meanwhile, Mary quietly observed how Queena and Yulia acted so welcoming towards Emily. Because of this, she immediately felt worried for Melinda and went over to check up on her.
	Melinda was reluctant to leave her bedroom when she had learned that Emily was at the Gu's mansion.
	"Mary, please go downstairs and attend to them. I'm fine, really. I just have to revise my draft," Melinda said softly to Mary.
	Seeing how concerned Mary was really moved Melinda, but she still was not willing to go downstairs. It was a known fact to her that Queena did not like her, and it was even more difficult since Emily was there as well.
	After smiling faintly at Mary, Melinda quickly turned to look back at her work, her fingers steadily clacking across the keyboard as she typed.
	Noticing how absorbed she was with her work, Mary said nothing more and went back downstairs. The important thing was that at least Melinda knew what was happening.
	In contrast, the atmosphere downstairs was quite lively. The three women were watching a show on the television, and were happily laughing among themselves. From the way things were going, Queena looked like she was having a great time—this was what Emily and Yulia had deliberately planned all along.
	It was around this time that Jonas pulled up at the driveway. As soon as he got out of his car, he heard laughter from inside the mansion. Walking in, he was surprised to see Emily there.
	"Jonas, you're back!"
	Yulia greeted him as soon as she saw Jonas. Hearing this, Queena and Emily turned to look at him as well.
	Jonas cleared his throat, feeling a bit awkward at how they were all looking at him. Walking up to them, he looked around and frowned slightly. "Where's Mellie?" he asked.
	"In her room," Queena answered, almost bitterly, "she hasn't come out even though she knows that we have a guest right now."
	Then, she looked at Jonas, as if she was asking him to do something about her.
	"I'm sure Melinda has her reasons. She might not be feeling well,"
	Emily interjected politely. It had just the effect she was looking for—Queena felt even more upset over Melinda and more empathetic towards Emily.
	After all, Emily was invited here as her guest. Naturally she wanted her family to come and entertain Emily as well.
	"I doubt that's true. Even I don't see her all day sometimes. If she was only as sensible as you are, Aunt Queena wouldn't have to feel like this towards her!"
	Yulia whispered to Emily. However, she made sure that it was loud enough for Queena to hear. The two were definitely working hard to earn Queena's favor for Emily over Melinda.
	With this, Queena really couldn't help but compare Melinda and Emily in her heart.
	"I'll go upstairs to check up on her,"
	Jonas said, casting a quick sidelong glance at Yulia. There was a slightly menacing look in his eye that made Yulia shrink back in her seat instinctively.
	Meanwhile, Emily just nodded and forced a smile.
	As soon as Jonas turned around to leave, Queena let out a helpless sigh.
	"I'm sorry for all of this, Emily. There's always so much trouble here. As you can see, you're the most sensible person in this place right now."
	Meanwhile, Jonas was walking upstairs, loosening the tie around his neck. As he slowly walked to the bedroom door, he could hear Melinda quietly typing on her keyboard.
	Every time she managed to type a new sentence, she would instantly erase it and start from the beginning. The voices of the three women downstairs were loud enough for her to hear indistinctly, and so it was difficult for her to put her focus on her work.
	Jonas had walked inside the bedroom quietly, and had been looking over her shoulder for a while now. "What are you writing?"
	Jonas asked with a smile. Melinda let out a startled gasp and turned around to look at him. After seeing that it was only him, she let out a relieved breath and shut the document immediately.
	"It's nothing."
	Opening her browser, she tried to look for something else to busy herself with. Coincidentally, she saw a post about Emily's movie, making her even more upset.
	"You've been writing for a whole afternoon. Maybe it's time to get some rest. Mom's back home now. Why don't you come downstairs and have a chat with her?"
	Jonas suggested as he took off his suit jacket. Seeing this, Melinda stood up and went to the closet to get him a fresh set of clothes.
	Intentionally, she brought him a beige knitted shirt paired with black slacks. It matched the beige sweater she was wearing, and made them look like they were in couple's clothing.
	Thinking of how Emily would react when she saw them wearing similar clothes, Melinda felt a bit better. On the other hand, Jonas didn't think about it too much and put the clothes on without a word.
	Afterwards, they went downstairs together. The three people in the living room had been chatting nonstop since they got there. There was a constant smile on Queena's face, and Yulia was more than happy to make sure that the atmosphere was light and joyful.
	"Oh, good. You've finally decided to come out,"
	Queena said indifferently. The atmosphere suddenly turned cold with Melinda's arrival. At this time, Yulia and Emily stopped talking and laughing, watching quietly in the sidelines.
	It was obvious how much Queena disliked Melinda as she raised her head and looked at her provocatively.
	"She is just busy doing something," Jonas defended.
	"Even busier than Emily, a famous movie star? What could she have possibly been so busy with?"
	At this point, Queena's tone was getting angrier and angrier.
	"Aunt Queena, Melinda is a writer. Her art is a lot more complicated and wonderful than mine," Emily chimed in.
	It was hard to tell whether Emily's words were actual praise or filled with sarcasm. Nevertheless, Melinda grew even more uncomfortable, and could do nothing but stand by quietly.
	No matter what she did, Melinda seemed to be all alone. No matter what these people said or did, they were never able to understand what she was going through.
	"Even so, I don't think it's necessary for her to stay in her room every day. Besides, many artists go out from time to time to look for inspiration,"
	Yulia said, pouting. When she saw Jonas turned his eyes to her again, she immediately covered her mouth with her hand. She was really afraid of displeasing her brother.
	"I'm sorry. Maybe this wasn't the best time for me to come here,"
	Emily muttered, a sad regretful smile on her face. Seeing this, Queena felt even more upset and stood up from her seat, staring at Melinda. On the other hand, Jonas stood in front of Melinda protectively.
	"Mom, isn't it time for dinner yet?"
	Jonas asked, suddenly changing the topic. Caught off guard, the words Queena was supposed to say got caught in her mouth. Meanwhile, Melinda stood quietly aside and looked at Jonas in confusion.
	"Let's go out for a walk," he whispered in Melinda's ear. "Being inside all day long isn't good for you, you know?"
	The sudden voice beside her made her blush faintly. Seeing her rosy cheeks, Jonas smiled down dotingly at her.
Chapter 119 A Depressing Date
	Jonas knew that Melinda enjoyed her solitude and disliked Emily. He understood that Melinda must have had a tough time and decided to take her out for a walk.
	Queena went to look for Gavin. Emily stood up and followed her to the yard where Gavin was placing the newly-bought flower pots along with other servants.
	"Aunt Queena, did you pick these flowers?" Emily asked.
	A gentle breeze swept in the yard, making the flowers dance rhythmically. The sweet scent of flowers wafted in the air. Queena closed her eyes and took a whiff of earthy smell. She smiled with satisfaction.
	"Yeah, you told me about it the other day and I asked Gavin to buy some plants. The yard looks beautiful now," Queena said.
	After admiring the beauty of the plants, Queena realized that she had come here, looking for Gavin to inform everyone that they were ready for dinner.
	Emily was happy to hear that Queena listened to her. "I'm glad you like it. I love playing with messy things every day." She smiled.
	"Why do you call this a mess? I think it's a wonderful hobby."
	Queena saw that the servants started chatting once Gavin left. She quickly ordered them to do the work and Emily joined her as well.
	Melinda was in the living room, watching Queena and Emily in the yard. She thought that they were getting along well. They were the perfect duo, while Melinda was just an outsider. They always joined hands and ignored her.
	The mere sight of Emily annoyed Melinda.
	"Hmmm..." she murmured, stomping her foot.
	"What?"
	Jonas asked quizzically. Melinda's sudden reaction confused him. Melinda scowled at Jonas when she saw him looking at the yard. She turned around to go back to her room but Jonas grabbed her wrist.
	He pulled Melinda closer to him and whispered in her ears. "Would you like to go for dinner with me?"
	Seeing that they were going out, Mary grabbed their coats from the bedroom.
	"I'm not hungry," she mumbled.
	Melinda couldn't help but fall for Jonas's affection. Both of them wore black coats that looked like a couple's outfit. Melinda's hands were cold, so Jonas stepped closer and put her hand inside his pocket.
	"There is a new coffee shop in the mall opposite our company. I heard that it's good. Let's go there." He smiled.
	"Since when did you start inquiring about new restaurants?" Melinda asked, arching an eyebrow.
	She felt a little strange to hear Jonas talk about new restaurants. The wind was a little strong and Melinda snuggled against Jonas's warm body.
	"Well, I heard from William. He is always the first person to try new restaurants."
	Jonas wrapped his arm around Melinda's waist and ushered her to the car. Emily was in the yard, accompanying Queena to arrange the flowers. Her eyes turned red with rage when she saw Melinda and Jonas walk together.
	"Emily, what happened? Look at your eyes. Is it because of the wind?"
	Queena asked concernedly. Emily shook her head and forced a smile. It was hard for her to watch Jonas with Melinda.
	Queena felt that Emily was uncomfortable by the strong wind and decided to take her inside. When they walked into the living room, she saw that Melinda and Jonas were gone.
	Jonas hardly drove the car, so he was very cautious and concentrated on the rood. Melinda rolled the window and stared outside as the wind played with her hair.
	They remained silent on the way.
	The mall was noisy, teeming with people. Jonas took Melinda directly to the coffee shop. It was newly-opened but people were still waiting to try the menu.
	Jonas wasn't fond of pastries, so he ordered a small cake for Melinda.
	"Are you in a bad mood today?" he asked, breaking the silence.
	"I'm always in a bad mood."
	Jonas's question annoyed Melinda. He took a deep breath and shook his head. Jonas was used to Melinda's attitude, so he wasn't surprised by her response.
	But he could sense that something was bothering her. He had a strong feeling that Emily was Melinda's biggest concern.
	"I've heard that sweet elevates people's mood. Why don't you try the pastries and milky tea? They will make you feel good."
	Jonas pushed the tray towards Melinda and carefully arranged the food on her plate.
	"Having sweet at night is not healthy. So, I just ordered semi-sweet milky tea. It's sweet as well as healthy," he added.
	Melinda took a sip of the tea. She didn't like food that was too sweet, so the semi-sweet milky tea was just to her taste.
	Jonas was incredibly kind and thoughtful, which made Melinda uncomfortable. She took a bite of the cake and munched it slowly. Melinda had lost her appetite and couldn't eat anything.
	"I see. I know what will make you feel better. Let's go shopping and get a new bag for you. I know that getting new bags always makes women happy." Jonas grinned.
	William always spoke about what women liked and disliked in the office. Jonas knew that Melinda was upset and wanted to cheer her up.
	Melinda put her fork down and looked at Jonas, with her chin propped on her palm. Jonas's beautiful eyes were dazzling under the soft lights of the coffee shop.
	"I don't think I need a bag. I just need silence and peace."
	Melinda missed staying at the small villa. It was peaceful and quiet, where she could spend her day the way she wanted. Her life had turned chaotic after shifting back to the main villa.
	Jonas's words stuck in his throat. He swallowed loudly and looked at Melinda.
	"I know that things are different in the main villa. It has become noisy lately. But you have to get used to it,"
	Jonas said, sipping on his coffee. He preferred black coffee without sugar. The bitter coffee exploded in his mouth, waking his tired muscles. He instantly felt better.
	Melinda nodded and continued to eat the cake. The grumpy look on her face made Jonas understand that she wasn't in the mood to eat.
	"You don't have to eat if you don't feel like it. Let's go shopping."
	Jonas stood up and smiled at her. Melinda breathed a sigh of relief, put the fork down, and walked out of the restaurant.
	The bright street lights twinkled like stars under the dark sky. The mall was bustling with people as the day came to an end. Jonas clasped Melinda's hand and took her to the bag store.
	"I have enough bags,"
	Melinda stressed. Jonas rolled his eyes and ushered her to the fifth floor of the mall.
	There was a theatre and a gaming center on the fifth floor. It was the favorite spot for people in love. Melinda saw couples hugging and kissing. She felt uneasy and instantly pulled her hand away. But Jonas inched forward and held her hand firmly.
	"This floor is crowded with people. Don't go away,"
	Jonas said. Melinda looked around and felt that he was being overprotective. After all, she wasn't a kid to lose her way in the crowd.
	Jonas took Melinda to a shop and exchanged his money for a hundred coins. He smiled, put all the coins in her hand, and guided her to the claw machine.
	"You get a doll here and I'll quickly buy the tickets for the movie. Do you want popcorn?"
	Jonas asked. Melinda's eyes widened as she felt that the events were familiar as if it had happened in the past.
	That was when it dawned on her. Jonas's moves were eerily similar to the scene described in her last novel.
	Melinda felt that she was living every scene that she had described in her book as she dreamily watched Jonas wait in the queue to buy tickets.
	All the women were gaping at Jonas's tall, handsome figure. Melinda shook her head as she saw the girls blush and stare at him. He seemed to captivate everyone's attention.
	Melinda went to the gaming arcade to win dolls but she wasn't good at the game.
	She couldn't win the dolls despite reading the instructions.
	Melinda was disappointed. She saw that the coins were slowly getting over and glared at the claw machine. Jonas returned with popcorn and soft drinks.
	"Didn't you get anything?" he asked.
	He gave the tray to Melinda, rolled his sleeves, and stepped forward. He decided to play the game and win a doll for her. But luck wasn't on their side.
	All the hundred coins were gone but they hadn't managed to win a single doll.
	"This looks like a great business opportunity," Jonas said, grinning sheepishly.
	His cheeks turned red with embarrassment as he saw a young couple win a doll in no time.
	"You're right. This is very profitable,"
	The machine had swallowed their one hundred bucks in no time.
	Jonas had picked a romantic film and the theatre was filled with couples. Their seats were allocated in the last row and Melinda walked past the couples who were making out in the darkness.
	Melinda felt uneasy. The movie hadn't started yet but she was already thinking about leaving.
	"I hardly get the chance to watch movies. Stay back with me, please?"
	Jonas said, giving the puppy dog face. Melinda wanted to say that he had many people to accompany him. Moreover, there was one at home, eagerly waiting for the chance to be with him. But Melinda didn't say it out loud as she didn't want Jonas to think that she was jealous.
	'I'm not jealous, not even one bit,' Melinda repeated in her mind over and over again until she calmed down.
	When the movie reached its climax, the couple sitting in front of them hugged each other. Melinda glanced at the people in the theatre and saw that all the couples were hugging each other during this scene.
	Jonas's eyes were gleaming with excitement. He smiled at Melinda and wrapped his arms around her waist.
	Her petite figure sank into his arms. Melinda lifted her head and looked at him in shock. She swallowed loudly and pushed him away.
	"I'm tired."
	Melinda stood up clumsily as she knocked the popcorn bag to the ground. The popcorn scattered everywhere and rolled on the floor. The commotion caught people's attention and everyone turned to look at Melinda.
	Her cheeks flustered and she glanced at Jonas before storming out of the hall. Jonas immediately got up and hastened to follow her. Melinda's heart was drumming in her chest. She couldn't stop thinking about the way Jonas hugged her as his manly scent filled her lungs.
	Melinda braced herself. She was worried that she might fall for his tenderness again. Jonas was a sweet poison that slowly killed her.
	There was perhaps an animal behind this sweet facade, waiting to pounce on her.
	Jonas ran swiftly with his long legs and soon caught up with Melinda.
Chapter 120 Tearing The Contract
	"Mellie, did I upset you?" Jonas called out as he strode behind his marching wife. It was a spur of the moment gesture; he didn’t expect her to react the way that she did. He had already been unsettled to begin with, and now that he was seeing his wife obviously displeased with something, he teetered on the edge of panic.
	For a brief moment he wondered when he started to fear the instances when his wife just walked away without a single word.
	He finally caught up to her, and reached out for her hand and held it tightly. "I’m sorry," he whispered, his voice low and heavy with some unnamed emotion.
	Melinda turned to look at him, and said with utter indifference, "I hope this doesn’t happen again."
	Jonas felt his breath hitch. There was no mistaking his wife’s disgust, nor the object of such emotion.
	The fact that he had no idea how to salvage the situation only made him further disheartened. "I... Yes, I will be more careful in the future."
	Melinda turned away from him and looked ahead. His grip was still tight around her hand. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath to steady herself
	She needed to harden her heart, to separate her emotions from the circumstances. She had been burnt many times before, and she would only continue to take painful hits if she revealed her true feelings to this man. "In the future," she repeated his words, saying each one crisply, "we will be divorcing. Just as soon as you get the right to inheritance. Like we agreed to."
	She knew, despite being buried deep in her own personal affairs, that Aron and Rey had been more involved in business matters in recent days.
	They were no doubt establishing their foothold in the company, making sure Nelson acknowledged their existence and contributions to the family enterprise.
	Jonas's hold on her finally slackened. It seemed to him that the place grew colder as soon as the word "divorce" came out of her mouth.
	He felt tight on his chest and found it hard to breathe, so he tugged at the collar of his shirt in an attempt to loosen it, with no small amount of irritation. "It's up to you," he said, his voice cold and hard.
	To his wife, however, his answer sounded noncommittal somehow, and it didn’t satisfy her. Well. Enough with this farce. "Let’s go home." She matched his cold tone, not bothering to look back even once.
	He didn’t reach for her again.
	It was already eight o’clock when they arrived back at the mansion. It was well past dinner time, but the main villa was still lively.
	Emily sat lounging on the sofa with Queena, reading fashion magazines. Across the living room table, Yulia was peacefully nibbling on a bowl of fruit while browsing the internet as per her usual hobby.
	Attuned as she was to the dynamics of the household, she could sense something wrong as soon as her brother and his wife entered the foyer. 'Did they have a fight?'
	She decided to prod. With fake cheer, she called out to her brother. "Oh, Jonas, you’re back. Aunt Queena had some dinner prepared for you in the kitchen."
	At that, the other two women raised their heads from their magazines to look at the young couple. Emily, in particular, looked at them with an innocent expression on her face.
	The truth was that all evening her attention had been towards the driveway, anticipating Jonas's arrival the entire time. She had known they were back the moment their car drove through the gates.
	"Where have you been?" Queena said in a reprimanding voice. "Did you really have to miss dinner for your little trip outside?"
	She had put down the magazine she was reading, and directed a hostile look at her daughter-in-law. Melinda only paused and waited for Jonas to say something from behind her.
	There was a beat of silence before he managed to read her intent. He scrambled for an excuse. "I had something I needed to deal with. I asked Melinda to accompany me."
	Yulia didn’t buy it, and wanted to say as much, but held herself back. She never really wanted to risk her brother’s temper any more than was necessary.
	"Such ill manners!" Queena barked. "Your husband may have asked this of you, but you really went ahead and left the mansion. Didn’t you already know we have a guest in the residence? Don’t you even know the basics of entertaining a guest, even after being married to the Gu family for so many years?!"
	She was, of course, yelling at Melinda. She could never bring herself to be angry at her darling boy, so naturally she vented her anger on his wife.
	Melinda said nothing, in spite of being insulted by her mother-in-law in front of other people—a sister-in-law that despised her, and her husband’s old flame. And lest anyone forget—in front of her very own husband. Her face remained stoic.
	Yulia, on the other hand, was practically bounding in her seat with glee. She always loved witnessing Melinda being thrust into such humiliating positions, and she jumped at this chance to further fuel the flames.
	"You know very well that the thing between Emily and my brother was all in the past," she said to Melinda in a fake, cajoling tone. "You must let go of your grudges now, Melinda, and stop treating her like this."
	She knew all too well that Queena had a mind to set her son up with Emily, after all. It was no secret that if the older woman had her way, she would rather have Emily next to Jonas instead of Melinda.
	"Yulia," her brother said, looking at her pointedly. There was a heavy warning in that single word, and she shrank back in her seat immediately. It was Emily’s turn to step in and manipulate the conversation. "Yulia is still young and naive. Please be considerate towards your sister-in-law, Melinda."
	Melinda raised an eyebrow at that, and looked at the two conniving women under her nose. They were really pushing it, especially Emily.
	How dare she say such things to her? It was as if Emily was the family member in the scenario, and Melinda was the outsider.
	"She is indeed young naive," Melinda finally spoke. She kept her tone civil, but couldn’t help the haughty edge to it. She tilted her chin slightly upward, as if to emphasize that she was talking to people beneath her.
	"If she wasn’t then, she probably wouldn’t have such scheming friends."
	Then she gave them a regal smile that didn’t reach her eyes.
	A pregnant silence came over the room. She mentioned no names, and still everyone present knew of whom she spoke.
	Emily’s face twisted with all the ugly emotions she felt at the moment. Beside her, Queena’s displeasure at Melinda’s attitude also showed in the older woman’s face.
	"This girl, what are you even saying? We are discussing your poor hospitality to an esteemed guest. Don’t you dare change the subject! It seems like you really are lacking in proper manners. I will have to ask Gavin to arrange for an etiquette teacher to school you immediately."
	Melinda remained calm in the face of such blatant bullying, and her response was classy and civil, contrary to her mother-in-law’s furious claims.
	"I am not feeling well today. I’m sure that mother-in-law and sister-in-law are more than capable of entertaining your esteemed guest by yourselves. I won’t be disturbing you any further."
	A headache was indeed starting to throb at her temples, and she reached a hand to rub them gently.
	Yulia must have been triggered, because she grabbed at the chance to retort, her brother’s earlier warning seemingly thrown out the window. "If you were feeling so ill then, why did you even leave the house? Stop pretending to be sick!"
	She even stuck a finger to the air, and was pointing at Melinda rudely as she spat out her accusations. She was disappointed to see the other woman unbothered by her words; she had meant to irritate and provoke Melinda.
	Instead, her brother’s wife didn’t even look at her, and only continued to rub at her temples. "Your brother knows all too well how I’m really feeling. My head is killing me right now."
	Melinda finally looked at Emily, shooting her with a weary glance. "Miss Bai, I do apologize. You can come visit the Gu's mansion some other day, and I will make sure to take care of you during your stay."
	Then she turned to the stairs and walked to her room, leaving her husband to deal with the aftermath of their fun little confrontation.
	"Mellie is not feeling well," Jonas said, rather absentmindedly. "She needs a good rest." Without waiting for anyone to say another word, he called for Gavin, asked for something light to be prepared and sent directly upstairs to his wife.
	Seeing how careful he was in giving out his instructions, Emily felt the jealousy rear its head. Her fingernails dug into the palm of her hand, and when she smiled there was a cold hard edge to it.
	"It’s getting late," Jonas turned to her. "I’ll ask Gavin to arrange a driver to take you home."
	Emily’s smile faltered. This was his way of asking her—politely—to leave. Despite his manner, she was mortified at being chased away.
	Thankfully, Queena interjected. "I’m still enjoying my time with Emily." She sniffed at her son, and then looked at their guest warmly. "There are dozens of spare rooms in this mansion. And it is rather late; you can just spend the night here."
	"Mom," Jonas uttered yet another heavy single-word warning. Queena knew that tone. And she knew her son well enough to keep her mouth shut after that.
	Seeing that the older woman was at a loss on how to proceed, Emily bit her lips and decided to let the matter go this time around. "It’s all right, Aunt Queena. I’m so sorry for overstaying my welcome. I have a launch event to attend tomorrow morning so I should go now. Let’s meet up again soon."
	The older woman beamed. "What a good girl you are! Well it isn’t safe for a girl going into the city at night. Let Jonas take you."
	"I’m attending to my wife." Jonas's tone implied that he was at the end of his tether, and the smiles among the women faded completely. "The driver will take Emily home."
	He knew it was all because of his childhood friend that Melinda was in a bad mood for most of the day.
	He may still be a fool when it came to his wife, but not fool enough to invite further misunderstandings to an already fragile relationship.
	He had been here many times before, after all. How could he call himself a man if he never learned a lesson at all?
	"I’ll be fine, Aunt Queena," Emily said to Queena, saving them both from embarrassment. "I’m no longer a child, after all. I’ll be okay with a driver."
	Considering the issue settled and the night concluded, Jonas trudged up the stairs without another word. His mother walked their guest out, continuously apologizing as they came to the door.
	The shower was running when Jonas came to Melinda’s room. He walked around for a while, finally stopping at her desk, where her laptop was left on. Her browser was opened to a Weibo forum.
	Unable to help his curiosity, he bent over the device and read bits of the discussion. It was a thread with a fan, who was discussing—rather avidly—calligraphy and a certain painting exhibition.
	Intrigued, Jonas found himself clicking away and navigating around the forum. After a few moments and several threads of online conversations, he finally understood what was going on.
	He took a deep breath as he mulled over all the things his wife had done for his mother’s sake. Then he thought about how his mother treated his wife. He shut his eyes in regret. This was all a mess.
	Finally pulling himself together, he changed Melinda’s screen back to how it was when he found it. Then he quietly took out some of his clothes and went to the bathroom next door to take his shower.
	When he was done, he returned to the room he shared with his wife, and found her on her desk. A bowl of noodles was set beside her laptop, and he observed that she had been eating, noting the utensils placed absently in the dish.
	Her eyes, although, were glued to her screen, whether in absolute concentration to whatever she was working on or in deliberate disregard of his presence, he couldn’t tell.
	"Be careful not to burn yourself with your food," he said nonetheless, to which he only gained an indifferent "Hmm" as response.
	Her cold attitude brought to mind the words she said to him earlier in the cinema, and Jonas left the room and strode into his study. It was a large room that housed countless books and documents.
	He made a beeline for the safe, which was lodged into a secluded yet inconspicuous area. He went through the necessary fingerprint and iris scan, and fished out a document from within.
	It was the contract he had signed with Melinda, cementing the terms of a marriage of convention between them. His eyes flew over the words on paper, and his heart clenched. They were cold and heartless words, and grated at his nerves.
	In his mind, the memory played again, of her speaking of divorce. He remembered her tone, its quality of unrelenting certainty. He remembered how he struggled to breathe after hearing her.
	He remembered other things, too, vaguely, but all had to do with his wife. Good and bad memories assaulted him, but ultimately came back to the moment she invoked their agreement.
	A divorce.
	He tore the contract apart without hesitation, the sound of paper ripping oddly loud in the confines of his large study.
	'A divorce?
	Yeah, that's never going to happen!'
	Not even after he got his right to inheritance. He would never let that happen.
Chapter 121 A Charity Dinner
	Jonas was sensible and could see things clearly. He understood that he could neither live with Melinda nor stay away from her. He didn't want to lose her. Jonas felt that the contract was pointless and therefore, shredded it into pieces.
	He crumpled the pieces into a ball and was about to discard it into the trash can but decided against it. He put the paper safely in the innermost side of the safe, where no one could see.
	It was too dangerous to throw it in the trash can as people could easily find it and it would create unnecessary problems.
	Jonas shook his head and laughed at his fate. He thought about how his life had changed in a short time. He had done many unimaginable things for Melinda. Sometimes, when he looked at himself in the mirror, he saw a different person staring at him.
	Jonas was a changed man but he loved who he had turned into. Melinda had reshaped him and gave a new meaning to his life.
	Queena and Yulia walked to the door to see Emily off. The smile on Queena's face completely disappeared when she saw the car leave.
	"Aunt Queena, are you okay?"
	Yulia asked, feigning concern. But Queena was furious and ignored her tone.
	"Yes,"
	Queena mumbled. Her hatred for Melinda reached another level. She was Jonas's mother and the best hostess of the Gu family. She hated Melinda's attitude.
	"How dare Melinda disrespect you? She was rude even though she knew that Emily was your guest. Poor Emily was too upset. She is always sweet and endures Melinda's torture without complaining," Yulia said, shaking her head.
	Although Queena remained silent, Yulia wanted to trigger her anger. She didn't want Queena to forget everything and move on.
	"Emily is a good girl. Your brother..."
	Queena gritted her teeth and blew out a loud breath. She remembered that Emily was close to becoming her daughter-in-law but Nelson meddled at the last minute and got her son married to Melinda.
	"I don't know what Melinda had done to make Grandpa force Jonas to marry her. She has cast a spell on him and he seems to listen to her every word."
	Yulia shook her head and smiled sadly. She never missed an opportunity to put Melinda down.
	"Your Grandpa is old and has lost his mind," Queena grunted.
	She felt that he had ruined her son's life. Nelson didn't mention anything about the relationship the two families shared. No one knew the reason why Nelson wanted Jonas to marry Melinda. Therefore, everyone assumed that Melinda was evil.
	"Melinda is arrogant because she has Grandpa's support. Aunt Queena, I think it's best if we stay away from her."
	Yulia looked around and whispered cautiously, which annoyed Queena.
	"That's ridiculous! I don't care what she does or thinks. It's time to teach her a lesson. Otherwise, she will think that there's no one to stop her."
	Queena pursed her lips and thought about what she needed to do to make Melinda understand her place in the family.
	Yulia was happy that she had achieved her goal but she was still worried about what would happen if Queena failed to defeat Melinda.
	It was a sleepless night for both Yulia and Queena. The next morning, Queena sent the driver to pick Emily up. She knew that Melinda was upset by Emily's presence and spent more time with her just to annoy Melinda.
	There was a silent war between Queena and Melinda. Queena wasn't ready to give up until she separated Melinda from her son.
	Melinda couldn't understand why Queena despised her but she didn't bother asking her about it. Emily's plan seemed to work as Queena slowly fell into her trap. They shared a common goal of defeating Melinda. Although Emily was exhausted, she still came to the Gu's mansion after finishing work.
	She had come to attend a makeup launch, so she bought a suit for Queena.
	"Why are you being formal by getting gifts? This is like your home." Queena beamed. She was secretly happy about the gift but didn't show it to Emily. Being Emily's ally, Yulia also enjoyed small gifts occasionally.
	"It's just a small gift. I hope you like it."
	Emily smiled and gave a box of biscuits that was baked by her assistant. Queena took a bite of it and exclaimed, "Not bad! You've done a great job, Emily. They taste good. Most girls know nothing about cooking basic food, let alone baking."
	"I love baking. I feel a sense of accomplishment when I eat the food that I cook."
	Emily shrugged and didn't bother telling Queena that it was her assistant who made them.
	"You are brilliant at work and a great cook too. You're going to make someone lucky."
	Queena smiled sadly. Anger rose from the pit of her stomach as her mind flitted to Melinda. The difference between Melinda and Emily was evident. She couldn't stop thinking about how things would be different if Emily had married Jonas instead of Melinda.
	"Melinda is also a good girl," Emily said.
	"Who? She? Please don't talk about her to me. It's kind of you to think that she's good. All she knows is to wreak havoc in Jonas's life. And she isn't willing to learn how to manage a family,"
	Queena hissed through her teeth. The biscuit in her hand crumbled to pieces. She dusted off the powder and forced a smile.
	Emily took a sip of her tea to cover the smile that was tugging at the corners of her lips. She changed her expression and continued to tell that Melinda was a good person.
	"Please don't talk about her and upset me."
	Emily realized that she had gone too far and quickly changed the topic. They were chatting and laughing happily. Melinda was in her room upstairs and couldn't write a single word. The noise downstairs was too distracting and she wondered if Emily was doing it on purpose to annoy her.
	Emily's voice was a decibel higher than usual and her laughter was too loud that it reverberated across the villa.
	"Aunt Queena, I'm holding a charity party this weekend and I would like to invite you. It would be great if you could join us,"
	Emily said, smiling innocently. Her eyes sparkled with respect and kindness that made Queena agree in an instant.
	"How sweet of you! I would love to attend the party. I'll ask my friends to join as well. You've helped me a lot during the art exhibition. I wanted to do something in return but couldn't think of any. This seems like the perfect opportunity."
	Emily's smile fell. She was afraid that Queena was suspicious of her motive. She didn't want Queena to think that she was helping her with a hidden agenda.
	"Aunt Queena, I helped you because I like your painting and calligraphy, not because I want you to..." Emily swallowed loudly. She didn't know what to say.
	Her face turned pale as sweat beaded on her forehead. Queena chuckled as she realized that Emily had misunderstood her. She leaned forward and held Emily's hand.
	"I know that you helped me because you're a kind girl. It's very thoughtful of you to hold a party for charity. I like the idea and want to support you."
	Emily breathed a sigh of relief. Queena sensed that Emily was still nervous and felt guilty. She felt that she should have conveyed her message in a better way.
	"Aunt Queena, I want to invite Melinda to the party. Can you ask her to join us?"
	Emily asked, biting her bottom lip. She had a plan in mind. Emily had managed to increase Queena's hatred for Melinda. She felt that if she ignited a little spark, it would turn into a raging fire that would destroy their relationship.
	She would make Yulia feed the flames until Queena chucked Melinda out of the Gu family.
	Emily's plans were working, and if she managed to succeed in her final plan, she would have Jonas all to herself. But she should make sure nothing went wrong this time.
	A smile stretched on Emily's lips.
	"For what?" Queena asked, snapping Emily from her reverie.
	There was undisguised contempt on Queena's face and Emily thought that she wouldn't agree.
	"Melinda is Jonas's wife. I think it's good for her to attend these parties,"
	Emily said. She wanted to pretend as if she was doing it for Jonas's benefit; only then would Queena accept it without thinking. Moreover, this would increase Queena's love and admiration for Emily.
	"All right, I'll bring her to the party,"
	Queena agreed and began to think about what she needed to do to make Melinda come with her.
	Emily and Queena chatted for some time. Before lunch, Melinda excused herself and went out. She couldn't have dinner with Emily. Melinda's behavior annoyed Queena. She felt that Melinda lacked manners and values.
	Queena couldn't help but blame Melinda's family for raising her like this. Emily was kind enough to ignore Melinda but an important guest would have been offended by her actions.
	Melinda decided to go for a walk as she was depressed at home. She couldn't concentrate on her work and her writing was stagnant. Melinda told the editor about her problem. The editor asked Melinda to meet her at the company's headquarters.
	"If you feel that your home isn't an ideal place for work, I suggest you look for a place and convert it into your office. You can also hire an assistant to help you out. Melinda, you are a popular writer and you need to do everything to get better at your craft. You have a strong fan base and you shouldn't disappoint them."
	The editor poured a glass of juice and gave her time to think about it. "Look, my job is to help you out. We can look for a good office space and a skillful assistant. What do you say?"
	"I will think about it."
	Melinda smiled. She knew that the plan wouldn't work. Finding an office space would only give a chance for people to gossip about her.
	"Yeah, sure, take your time. Just remember that I've got your back. It's my duty to make you feel comfortable. So, the next time something bothers you, call me right away."
	Melinda chuckled. She decided to stay back in the company and get some work done. She felt that even if something went wrong, she could immediately consult her editor. Finding an office space didn't seem like a bad idea anymore.
	It was evening when Melinda returned to the Gu's mansion. She was glad to find that Emily was gone. Yulia and Queena were the only ones at the dining table as Nelson was traveling.
	Emily had used Nelson's absence to her advantage. She couldn't have played her tricks with his vigilant eyes constantly inspecting her.
	"Emily is throwing a charity dinner this week and I want you to join me. You're Jonas's wife and you shouldn't stay in your room all day long. You have to attend parties and banquets. That's the best way to connect with people,"
	Queena ordered. Although she disliked her daughter-in-law, she couldn't refuse things that benefited her son.
	Melinda stopped picking her food as her eyes widened with shock.
	Yulia was excited as she knew that there would be several young men attending the banquet. She could find a potential partner there to secure her life.
	"Aunt Queena, can I go with you?" Yulia asked expectantly.
	She was a disgrace to the Gu family and seldom got the chance to attend banquets. This was a rare opportunity and Yulia didn't want to let it go.
Chapter 122 Hunting A Man
	Queena didn't bother answering as her eyes were fixed on Melinda. Yulia understood what Queena's intense gaze meant, so she turned to look at Melinda.
	"Melinda, don't you always like helping poor people? The money raised in the charity party will go to the people in need."
	Melinda knew that Yulia was trying to persuade her. Yulia was never friendly with Melinda unless she needed something from her.
	Melinda clenched her jaw and fisted her palm. Yulia could see that Melinda was trying hard to suppress her anger.
	Melinda had a strong feeling that it was going to be an ambush. She knew that Yulia and Queena were forcing her to attend the party because Emily had asked them to. Melinda sensed that Emily was up to something. She finally lifted her head and looked at Queena's expectant eyes.
	"All right, I'll come with you," she said.
	"What are you planning to donate? Don't pick some rubbish and humiliate us. I'll ask Gavin to help you out."
	Queena snorted. She was afraid that Melinda's animosity would force her to ruin the reputation of the Gu family.
	Yulia clamped her mouth to suppress her laughter. She was happy to see Queena insult her sister-in-law.
	"Okay, thank you."
	Melinda shrugged casually. Queena was surprised by her nonchalance and continued to eat. She knew that Melinda was unfazed by her taunts and felt that it would be pointless to mock her.
	After dinner, Melinda asked the butler to take her to the room that contained collections that the family had bought or received over the years.
	The room was brimming with paintings, jewelry, and artifacts. Melinda was confused and didn't know what would be ideal to donate for charity.
	Fortunately, Gavin was in charge of treasuring the collections, so Melinda sought help from him. After clarifying Melinda's doubts, Gavin gave her a pair of bracelets.
	Expensive jewelry was a standard donation to charity but the value of the jewelry made it unique among the others. Therefore, Gavin carefully picked limited edition jewelry that was rare in the market.
	Soon, the charity party came. Emily was popular and her circle expanded after she got closer to Jonas. When Queena walked in, she realized that the party was bigger than she thought. She was wearing a purple cheongsam and her hair was coiled into a thick braid. She looked regal with Melinda and Yulia stand on either side.
	Yulia was dressed in a round-collared, off-shoulder dress that accentuated her figure. The pink tassels and the nifty design on the dress made her look elegant. Her hair was curled to perfection and cascaded down her shoulders.
	As soon as she entered the party, her eyes roamed across the hall, searching for young men. She looked like a tigress hunting for her prey.
	Melinda was in a simple white dress with delicate embroidery. Her hair was tied to a high ponytail as wisps of bangs brushed against her forehead. The design on the neckline was the highlight and the delicate waistband made her look like a regal beauty.
	All eyes were on Melinda.
	Emily was busy entertaining the guests. When she saw Queena, she immediately ran towards her and greeted her. Queena looked like a majestic, powerful woman, and Emily smiled at her.
	"Aunt Queena, you are here." She embraced her, ignoring Melinda and Yulia.
	Melinda instantly stepped back, giving ample space for them to shower each other with love.
	"Yes, looks like everyone is here,"
	Queena said, peering across the hall. People were in groups, chatting and sipping on drinks. The men were discussing business and games, while women gossiped. The waiters shambled through them, serving snacks and drinks.
	"Thank you for asking your friends to join us." Emily smiled gratefully.
	Queena was glad to see that all her friends had come to the party,
	"I see that your friends are waiting to talk to you and there are many guests for you to attend. I don't want to hold you back. You go ahead with your work."
	Queena smiled. Emily nodded and went to receive the guests who were walking into the hall.
	The charity party was an auction. Melinda sat in a corner, while Yulia searched the crowd to find her match.
	It was time for the party to commence and the host walked in. Everyone sat down and Queena saw that most of them were her friends and acquaintances.
	Yulia was busy hunting men and didn't care to talk with her either. Melinda sat down as she watched the party commence.
	"Queena, isn't this your painting?" a woman asked.
	The eyes of the crowd unanimously turned to the screen. The painting was the first item in the auction.
	Emily smiled and borrowed the microphone from the host.
	She described every little detail of the painting as if it was a rare treasure. She finally concluded her speech by announcing that it was one of Queena's best works.
	Since she was Jonas's mother, everyone wanted to please Queena. The first bid was a high price and people stood up one after the other, making their bid.
	Queena beamed with joy when she saw the subsequent rise in the price of the bids.
	All the ladies praised Queena and she was the talk of the night.
	Finally, a business magnate took a picture of the painting and offered the highest bid. His eyes were fixed on Emily and he didn't care about the artistic value of the painting.
	He wouldn't have spent a lot of money on a mediocre piece for art if he didn't want to impress Emily. But Queena was gullible enough to believe that her painting was worth the money.
	It was time for the next intem and Emily entertained the people lavishly.
	Melinda was bored to death. She had come to the party only to contribute to the people in need and didn't care about what was auctioned. She understood that Emily had hosted an auction just to impress Queena.
	Although the auction wasn't professional, it still worked well.
	Yulia walked around the hall and looked at the row of people on her right.
	A group of wealthy men was observing the auction. Melinda's eyes narrowed when her eyes settled on a young man.
	Her eyes widened with shock—it was Leo. Melinda was impressed by Leo's attitude and was a little embarrassed to see him as she had made a fool of herself the last time.
	Leo looked around and his eyes met Melinda's. He smiled and Melinda couldn't help but smile in return. She saw him say something to his friends and walked towards her.
	"This looks like the best seat in the hall. Do you mind if I sit here?" Leo joked.
	Queena and Yulia had intentionally left a seat between them and Melinda as they didn't want to be with her.
	"Of course not." Melinda smiled. Leo's face broke into a dazzling grin as he sat next to her.
	Leo was dressed in a black tuxedo, and his slick hair was parted and tucked behind his ears. His skin was flawless and his sweet smile made Yulia weak in her knees.
	Her heart raced when she saw his handsome face. She blinked and stared at him in a daze.
	Yulia felt that he was the one she had been looking for all her life. She thought that Leo would be the perfect match for her.
	"Long time no see," Leo said, smiling at Melinda.
	His warm smile made Melinda instantly comfortable. All the awkwardness vanished in an instant.
	Melinda was embarrassed before but she instantly felt better. Leo was cordial and always made her smile.
	"Yeah, how are you?"
	Melinda was surprised to see him here. She didn't know anything about Leo except that he was her schoolmate.
	Melinda shared a strange relationship with him. She was at ease with Leo than she had ever been with Yulia and Queena.
	"Good." Leo smiled. They exchanged smiles and watched the auction as they caught up with each other.
	The party was raucous and Yulia couldn't hear what Melinda and Leo were talking about. She thought that it was a polite greeting and that he would talk to her next.
	But time went by and Leo didn't bother to look at her. He was watching the event intently.
	Yulia's heart skipped a beat. Leo was incredibly handsome.
	Since Yulia was busy watching the auction, Yulia decided to take the initiative. "Hello."
	Leo turned around and saw Yulia smiling at him.
	"Hello." He smiled politely and continued to watch the auction.
	His attitude towards Yulia was different. He was distant and respectful.
	A pair of diamond-shaped cuff links was the next item on the auction.
	Its style was beautiful and vintage.
	All the items in the auction held a distinctive value and had a unique history.
	"The cuff link is always modest but intricate details make it luxurious,"
	Yulia said, trying to impress him. She wanted Leo to think that she was a smart woman.
	Yulia possessed immense knowledge of luxurious items, so she decided to use it to her advantage.
	"Yeah,"
	Leo said nonchalantly as his eyes were fixed on the auction.
Chapter 123 A Knot
	Melinda tried to stifle a laugh as she observed the scene in front of her. Now she saw a new side of Leo. Even though he looked friendly, he would ignore those he didn't like.
	To people like Yulia, he acted formal and a bit arrogant.
	Melinda couldn't help but recall what her teacher had said, "People who engage in artistic creation are full of arrogance."
	However, for this arrogance, if one was qualified then it was admirable. Otherwise, it would turn out as a big joke.
	Obviously, Leo was qualified to do that.
	Yulia was still unwilling to give up. The party had been packed with guests who were animatedly conversing with one another. After a while, Emily returned to her seat which was reserved next to Queena as soon as she was done entertaining a group of people.
	"Everything's going well today," Queena said.
	Emily smiled at the woman before seating down. She felt grateful that Queena had reserved her a seat.
	"As long as it benefits the poor children," Emily replied. She acted modestly and thanked Queena for saving her a seat.
	"I didn't expect that you would auction one of my paintings today."
	Despite showing a stoic demeanor, Queena was delighted. She scanned the hall and noticed the envious looks her friends had been giving.
	Emily nodded in understanding. "These people know how to identify the value of these things. Your work was able to accumulate a winning bid of ten million for today."
	The truth was that Queena's paintings were worth nothing at all. The reason that she had managed to catch a hefty price for it was because Emily had purposely invited several rich men at today's banquet, who had been longing to have sex with her.
	If Nelson were here, he would thought that the painting wouldn't be worth a single penny.
	"I'll have to give you the credit. Will the proceeds be donated to the needs of the poor children?"
	Queena figured that a lot were obviously cheated from tonight's auction. She knew that the total amount raised was huge.
	"I've found a foundation and asked my people to deal and follow up with it to make sure that the money won't be used for personal greed," Emily answered.
	Upon hearing this, the ladies around the hall started to praise her thoughtfulness on the matter.
	Queena had a proud look on her face while Emily was being praised. It almost looked like Emily was her daughter.
	Melinda felt left out while the two ladies continued to chat. Yulia didn't notice this as all of her attention had been focused on Leo.
	"Mom, the auction is almost over. I'd like to go home and rest."
	Melinda's expression remained stoic despite her feeling embarrassed after she noticed that some of the women had been staring at her from time to time. As soon as she had spoken, Leo gave her a concerned look.
	Actually, he had already sensed that something was wrong when Emily had arrived. He remained silent about it since Melinda didn't really voiced out her feelings.
	"The event isn't over yet. Besides, we arrived here together. It's only proper that you should wait for me until we leave together as well," Queena ordered.
	Judging from her actions, Queena would probably be staying until the end of the party.
	Because of this, Melinda had no choice but to remain there with her.
	"Melinda, do you have time right now?" Leo asked. "There is something that I'd like to discuss with you."
	He winked at Melinda when no one was looking to which she gave him a grateful look.
	Queena's eyes darted back and forth between the two. The young man's face didn't ring a bell with her and now that Melinda seemed to act too close to the man, she started to form some unpleasant ideas.
	"Mom, I'll just go with Leo for a bit to discuss something. We'll return together when we're done," she told Queena.
	Queena was in no position to stop them since they said that they had something important to discuss, but the people around them were giving them curious looks while they whispered among one another.
	They had obviously misunderstood the situation.
	"Melinda, please help me this time. You have no idea how difficult my final thesis is. I'll lose all my hair at an early age if I don't pass this," Leo exclaimed.
	He said this out loud so that those who were thinking of unpleasant thoughts between the two of them would stop letting their imagination run wild.
	"Go ahead," Queena replied with a wave of her hand.
	She resumed talking to Emily and didn't bother to look back at Melinda. This made a lot of people whisper even more about how the relationship between the mother-in-law and the daughter-in-law of the Gu family wasn't good.
	As soon as Queena and Emily started having a great conversation, the attention had been shifted. Thinking of the news some time ago, everyone felt the chaos once again in this circle.
	Yulia desperately stared at the direction Melinda and Leo had gone to. She really wanted to follow them but she didn't have a reason good enough to do so.
	The two settled by a quiet corner of the hall where a sofa and a small table with wine and drinks were placed.
	Melinda plopped herself down and let out a sigh as she turned to Leo. "Thank you so much for rescuing me back there."
	Leo smiled and also sat down, maintaining a safe distance from Melinda. He was aware that a lot of people were still watching them so he had to keep his guard up.
	"Did you really think that I was just trying to find an excuse to help you out? My professor really placed me in a difficult position right now."
	He poured Melinda and himself a drink. Melinda was given a glass of juice while he had a cocktail for himself which he downed in one shot.
	"Really?"
	After taking a light sip from her drink, Melinda set it aside and told Leo which areas she was good at with a gleaming smile on her face.
	She suddenly had confidence in herself.
	Leo sighed and continued to explain how difficult the subject his professor had given him was this time around. He told her that his paper had been asked to be revised several times already.
	"The professor's rate of passing the class is well-known on our school list. I didn't dare to choose," Melinda said.
	She couldn't help but smile upon hearing his complaints. Her eyes slightly curved like the shape of a crescent moon which Leo found actually charming.
	Trying to cover his reaction, he took a sip of water.
	"Weren't you the one who had chosen?"
	Leo was familiar with the name of the professor. In fact, he had heard it several times already around the campus before he chose his course. Despite this, he was confident in himself so he had decided to take the chance.
	"I was."
	Melinda wouldn't have also chosen the same professor if she hadn't gone back home to her hometown to see her grandfather. Instead, she had handed the task of course selection over to her roommate.
	Actually, Melinda's roommate was irresponsible and had forgotten about Melinda's reminder because she was so busy playing games at the time. This resulted to her not being able to choose the subject they liked and ended up with no choice but to take the said professor's course.
	Hearing the news, Leo was happy.
	"Are you taking pleasure in my misfortune?" Melinda huffed. "Don't forget that I have already over with all of that and you are still the one who needs to struggle."
	There was no sign of anger on her face. She only began to reminisce about her days from school.
	"No, I wouldn't dare! Melinda, please tell me what to do."
	Leo hastily waved his hand. He was now asking for a favor.
	From afar, Yulia had been watching the two of them talking. Seeing Melinda chatting and laughing with Leo made her grip the handle of her bag so tight that it surprised Queena who happened to accidentally turn around.
	"What's the matter with you?"
	Queena raised her eyebrows at Yulia's display of anger. Her eyes were filled with so much hate that it also made Emily curious and follow her line of sight to see Melinda and Leo together.
	She thought that Melinda was such a flirt.
	"Aunt Queena, don't you see that Melinda doesn't know how to restrain herself in public? Isn't she an embarrassment for Jonas?"
	Yulia pointed to where Melinda was, and the smile on Melinda's face was the opposite of her lifeless expression earlier.
	Queena remained silent but squinted her eyes at the sight. Although she disliked Melinda, she didn't show her displeasure.
	It seemed that the Gu family made things difficult for Melinda. Leo and Melinda were only talking and weren't even engaging in a lot of physical contact.
	If some of the foolish reporters started to make up some news about this, it would be difficult to explain to Nelson.
	"Wives of other people usually talk among one another and make themselves properly acquainted with each other. It's only her who talked to men alone, pretending to behave like they were talking about topics related to academics. I didn't know that she was this disgusting."
	Yulia became more depressed as she said those harsh words. Leo had been indifferent to her, but now he looked comfortable with Melinda.
	Melinda had taught Leo some methods on how to write articles. She had spent a lot of time listening to the professor.
	"I'm not familiar with this project, but you can ask Kent for help. He's really good at it and I'm sure that he will be very happy to help you."
	Literature had a wide range and had different professional skills involved. This time, what Leo referred to was exactly the domain that Kent was good at.
	"I also wanted to ask Kent for help, but first I need to be friends with him. Can you please help me with that?" Leo asked with a big smile on his face.
	He then brought a piece of cake to Melinda.
	"I will send you Kent's WeChat ID when I return."
	Leo thanked her once again. His shoulders relaxed for a bit as he knew that his problem was solved. All of a sudden, his thoughts drifted back to Melinda's situation. He hesitated for a moment but ended up asking anyway, "Are you also like this within the Gu family?"
	Melinda raised an eyebrow and looked at him confusingly. "What?"
	Leo only shrugged it off and didn't push the topic any further.
	However, Melinda had already realized what he had just meant. An unwelcome blush crept into her cheeks as she looked away from him. Compared to her, the relationship Emily had with Queena was more intimate.
	Every time Melinda had thought that Emily was finally leaving Jonas, she ended up returning all the time. Melinda thought that the relationship that Jonas and Emily had shared was like a knot that was hard to undo.
	Melinda wanted to destroy what was left of their relationship, but she found it impossible the moment she had realized that it wasn't an ordinary knot. Instead, it was like a chain, firmly linked with each other and impossible to break.
Chapter 124 A Scene At The Auction
	Every time she thought Emily was out of the picture, the woman always popped up again, like some persistent weed that wouldn’t die in spite of the elements. And the actress never seemed to run out of schemes, too; each one was always different from the last.
	"Melinda?" Leo snapped his fingers in front of her face. "What’s wrong? Where have you drifted off to?"
	"Oh everything’s fine," she quickly replied. "I just remembered something." She was never one to voice out her struggles and her burdens. And in light of everything that happened to her in the past five years, it wasn’t easy for her to share her secrets.
	Lucky for her, Leo was not the type who pried. He kindly accepted her vague reason and left it at that, then took the reins of the conversation and began a new topic. Soon they were in avid discussion again.
	The party was dwindling, and a lot of the other guests had already left. At this point, Melinda and Leo were talking about stories of the ancient scholars, and what was meant to be a little chat turned into an animated intellectual discourse. Both of them were intelligent, after all, and matters regarding history had a special place in the hearts of such people.
	Meanwhile, from the other side of the room, Yulia could only stare and seethe with envy. She didn’t know what to do. Since she couldn’t catch the gorgeous man’s attention, the least she wanted was to wrench him away from Melinda’s clutches.
	She had been keeping a close eye on the two, looking for the perfect opportunity, the perfect timing, when they might slip and act as though they were secret lovers. She would pounce on them then, and publicly accuse them of adultery. 'Let’s see what that bitch is going to do then!'
	"Yulia, won’t you come with me to meet some new friends?" So rapt was her attention at her sister-in-law and Leo that Emily’s sudden appearance at her side startled her.
	When Yulia turned, she saw that Emily and Queena had both risen from their seats. The auction was now over, and the host was saying the closing remarks on the podium.
	Since Emily organized the event, she would no doubt be up there later as well. And since she had especially invited Queena as an esteemed guest, and indicated so in the program, the older woman would be saying a few words, too.
	The actress was looking at her expectantly, and Yulia pulled herself together. "Sure. Why not?" Emily was sure to have a wide social circle, and it wouldn’t hurt to establish new connections.
	As they moved from the tables to approach Emily’s acquaintances, Yulia turned to cast a last glance at Leo and Melinda. The man was patting her sister-in-law gently on the head, smiling down at her sweetly.
	The scene made Yulia’s blood boil, and she wasn’t able to stop her expression from morphing into that of absolute fury.
	Her gaze remained glued to the couple across the room, and in her distraction she bumped into Queena rather forcefully as the older woman tried to walk past her.
	"Yulia, what the hell are you doing?" the madam hissed, and Yulia snapped back from her daze. Just her luck to incur the woman’s wrath as well in the same night.
	She knew that if Queena was provoked, she could make her life utterly miserable. She paled as she tried to think of a way out. Her eyes darted back to where Melinda was.
	"I’m so sorry, Aunt Queena. It’s just that I was shocked to see Melinda being so intimate with that gentleman over there..." She drifted off on purpose, and turned her head to the object of her statement.
	Naturally, the other women turned towards the same direction.
	"I’m to blame as well, Aunt Queena," Emily interjected. "I think Yulia tripped on some of the cable wires on the floor. I should have made sure nothing was in the way of the guests."
	Yulia shot the actress a grateful look, but Queena’s eyes were still trained on her daughter-in-law. Melinda had had to adapt dramatically in order to survive in the Gu household, and so she developed a keen sixth sense when it came to threats against her.
	At the moment, she could sense a stare that was shooting daggers at her nape.
	She turned to find the three women glaring at her. 'What now?' she thought. But since she knew she had done nothing in particular to antagonize them, she resumed her conversation without dwelling on the matter.
	Those women were always mad at her for something or other anyway.
	"Don’t cover up for her, Emily," Queena was saying at that moment.
	"I'm all seeing the same thing right now. Aunt Queena, that Melinda has gone too far. You can’t just stand by and watch her flirt with another man. She is going to make a cuckold of your son! What will people think of our family? It will be a huge scandal!" Yulia stated in an angry voice.
	She was not above playing dirty, after all. She was determined to bring Melinda down, and she would enlist all the help she could get from anyone she could convince.
	As much as Queena disliked her daughter-in-law, though, she wasn’t particularly fond of her husband’s bastard either.
	Seeing the older woman take time to contemplate, Yulia gave Emily a pointed look. The women’s minds were in sync again, as the case usually was when it came to plotting against Melinda.
	"Aunt Queena, shall we go over there and take a look at the situation?" Emily suggested, lacing her voice with some hesitation to hide her bubbling anticipation at the trouble that was unfolding. Her acting skills were really very useful.
	"Aunt Queena, please go and look into it," Yulia prodded. She was running out of patience. She wanted Melinda to be put to her place, which was anywhere but the spotlight.
	This seemed to persuade Queena at last, and the three women strode over as one.
	The spirited discussion stopped as the women loomed over Melinda and Leo’s table. They weren’t stupid; they both immediately recognized the cruel intent in those three pairs of eyes.
	Leo rose from his seat and greeted them politely, "Hello, Madam Gu, Miss Bai, Miss Gu."
	Melinda rose as well, but only greeted one person. "Mom."
	Queena sneered at them. "We are at a public event. We should be careful with our rendezvous, don’t you agree?"
	People were starting to throw curious glances at them, and despite her words, it was the women’s approach that caused the scene, not Melinda and Leo’s animated conversation.
	It didn’t occur to her, of course, blinded as she was by her prejudices. All she could think of at that moment was how easily her hard-earned reputation was crumbling because of some lowborn woman who married into the family. Her fury grew.
	Before anyone else could say anything, Leo had stepped forward towards the women. "I’m very sorry for my carelessness. It’s all my fault. I will bear the responsibility."
	It was an olive branch of some sort. Queena and Leo both knew that if she acknowledged his apology, they could leave the matter be and not stir the issue any further.
	It was then that Emily spoke. "Mr. Liu, I can see that you and Miss Mo are very close with each other. I’m a little envious that she managed to maintain very good relationships with quite a lot of outstanding schoolmates. Like you and Kent."
	While short-lived, there had in fact been rumors of a romance between Melinda and Kent, and Emily made sure to squeeze that little reference into the scene. Queena peered at her daughter-in-law.
	"That’s very true," Yulia smirked, shooting Melinda an arrogant glance. "Melinda does get along very well with her schoolmates."
	It was quite clear what they were implying. Not only was Melinda being adulterous, but she was involved with multiple men as well. All five of them could hear the words that weren’t being said.
	Leo’s expression suddenly changed then. He always looked dashing, and boyishly debonair, but now he took on a cold and intimidating facade, something that certainly made many a man back down from a fight with him.
	"Melinda is highly intelligent and very well-spoken even when we were younger. She is one of the most popular students in the campus; naturally, she has many friends."
	Seeing his vehement and somewhat immediate reaction, Emily smiled to herself in satisfaction. "You must calm down, Mr. Liu, or onlookers might automatically assume that I bullied Miss Mo judging by how anxiously you defend her."
	Leo’s gaze narrowed at the actress, and a corner of his mouth lifted in a sardonic smile. 'So this is how you want to play it. How foolish, for a mere girl to play words with two eloquent professionals.'
	"I meant no such thing, of course, Miss Bai. I just somehow felt that I needed to remind you of lessons taught at school. 'A fool’s voice is known by a multitude of words'—surely you’ve heard of the saying?"
	Emily flushed with embarrassment at the reprimand, but she quickly recovered herself.
	"Well, people lead different lifestyles, so it isn’t surprising to find that we all hold different ideological lessons. No one can force anyone to do something against their will. But I find that I need to give some reminders of my own. Perhaps you’ve forgotten that Melinda is married to Mr. Gu; you should call her Mrs. Gu, otherwise anyone within earshot might get the wrong idea when they hear you call her Miss Mo.
	Ah, but seeing as how keenly aware you are of the fact, I can’t help but wonder why you yourself do not address her as Mrs. Gu and call her Miss Mo instead."
	Leo’s tone was oozing with sarcasm, and Emily’s mask slipped from her face. She glared at the man, earning herself a smug grin.
	Melinda had remained silent the entire time, and she now stared in shock at the back of Leo’s head. She hadn’t expected him to defend her to such extent, even provoking her own enemies.
	He went as far as publicly declaring her identity as Jonas's wife, and in her periphery she could see the eavesdropping bystanders whispering among themselves. That was the end to the speculation of who she was then.
	"I apologize," Emily finally said, even as she gritted her teeth. She had never been so cleverly insulted in her life.
	"I was just trying to comment on what good friends you are. My mouth seemed to have run off on its own accord. I’m so sorry that Mr. Liu misunderstood what I was trying to say.
	It’s my fault. I’m such a clumsy talker." Her hand clutched her purse tightly, and in her mind she was fantasizing it was either of Melinda’s or Leo’s neck she was wringing.
	"Ah well," Leo said casually. "I share the blame, then, since I tend to take words at face value. Especially when they are spoken with the intent to badmouth me." He had a cheerful tone as he brushed off the confrontation, but the look he gave Emily was cutting.
	Emily could only bite her lip. There was nothing more she could say, at the risk of digging a deeper grave for herself.
	Beside her, Yulia glanced at Emily with wide eyes, counting herself lucky for not saying anything offensive to Leo. If she did, she might have been in a far worse predicament than the actress.
	Even so, her admiration for him only grew. He looked so hot when he was mad, too.
	Melinda couldn’t hide her amusement, and chuckled softly to herself, which only drew Queena’s attention. She glared at the younger woman.
	Emily, whom she greatly favored, had been mocked in her presence, and it was all because of this Melinda. "Melinda, apologize to Emily in behalf of Mr. Liu, this instant!"
	Everyone stared at her in stunned silence. She practically yelled her order, and in such an imperative tone.
	The other women glanced sideways at Melinda, anticipating her reaction. Leo looked at his friend, too.
	"I don’t believe I’ve said anything wrong at all. Even if I did, and if I wanted to, I can apologize to Miss Bai without dragging Melinda into it."
	Queena ignored him; she wasn’t going to throw herself to a battle of wits with this man. She would only find herself skewered and roasted like Emily. Instead, she screamed, "Melinda!"
	The glare she shot Melinda was full of menacing threat. If it had been her past self, Melinda would have immediately given in to their demands, no matter how demeaning.
	But times had changed, and so had she.
	Not to mention, Queena was essentially demanding something of Leo. If Melinda relented, she would humiliate not only herself, she would also be slapping Leo’s earlier arguments to his face.
	But more importantly, she admitted to herself that she didn’t want to compromise with any of the Gu family right now.
	Melinda stepped forward and looked at Emily with cold disdain. There was no point in playing nice, after all, all things considered.
	"Miss Bai," she said, and despite herself Emily felt a chill crawl over her body. Melinda’s tone was not unlike the one Jonas would use when he was trying to get rid of her. "In the future, please keep in mind that disaster springs from careless talk."
	Then Melinda reached back to her chair and grabbed her purse. "I’m a little tired. I’ll be leaving first."
	With that, she turned and left, not bothering with further pleasantries. Leo chuckled at her exit, then picked up his coat and followed suit, not bothering with a goodbye either.
	The three women stared at her back as she walked away. Queena’s fingers were trembling with fury. Her daughter-in-law had just publicly humiliated her! And even worse, Melinda had caused her to act so shamelessly in public.
Chapter 125 A True Devil
	Leo was smiling the entire time he walked behind Melinda to the entrance of the hotel. Especially when he noted how she held her head high and kept her back straight even after the fun little confrontation they had back there.
	They stopped near the doors, and Melinda stood on her toes to see through the tall glass windows if there were any taxis entering the driveway.
	"This is a rather difficult location to hail cabs, Melinda," Leo said as he watched her strain her neck. "Let me drive you home."
	She turned to smile at him. "I would really appreciate that, thank you."
	In all honesty he was expecting her to say no, given the fictitious scandal her in-laws seemed to be concocting. Which was why he was pleasantly surprised at her ready response.
	Still, she had lost the glow she was wearing earlier in the evening, when they were just enjoying each other’s company and conversation. He couldn’t help saying a regretful, "Sorry."
	"You don’t need to apologize for anything," she replied, looking up at him. He saw the sincerity in her eyes, as well as a stroke of inner strength. "It was all my fault."
	Well, not really. But Leo wouldn’t have been dragged into the issue if it weren’t for her. Melinda knew that Emily despised her—the sentiment was rather mutual.
	And she knew that no matter what she did, or who she was with, or what the circumstances were, the actress would always devise something to put Melinda on the spot and humiliate her.
	Leo took on a pensive look. "Madam Gu was a lot different from what I have heard of her." Queena had made a name for herself during her prime.
	She was a contemporary of his father’s, and from what Leo had gathered, Queena had always been a woman of strength and an embodiment of class. She had amassed significant accomplishments that helped catapult the Gu family to its currently high position among the ranks of conglomerates.
	And yet tonight, the woman herself contradicted her own legend. She seemed like a force to be reckoned with, true, but not in the way that heroines were usually painted.
	She balked before Leo, after all, and her actions were all tactless and lacked the grace befitting her social standing.
	Melinda knew exactly what Leo meant, and only she said, "She is just heavily influenced by Emily."
	There was a bitter taste in her mouth as she spoke the words. She had looked up to her mother-in-law. She never expected that such an intelligent woman would be so easily manipulated by someone so petty and greedy as Emily.
	Was the actress really that good? Or maybe it was because Queena was ageing. Nonetheless, Melinda decided she would no longer put up with their bullying.
	Leo sensed the turmoil that was going on in his friend’s mind. He tapped her shoulder to get her attention. "I’ll go fetch my car from the parking lot. Wait for me here. It’s too windy outside the building."
	He would have offered his coat to her, but a piece of gossip was birthed just a few moments ago, just around the corner where they now stood, and he saw no reason to nurture the rumor.
	Instead he gave her shoulder a little squeeze, smiled at her, and went to get his car.
	Queena was still glaring at the direction of Melinda’s exit, her eyes displaying a myriad of intense emotions.
	"Aunt Queena," Emily said as she came up at the older woman’s elbow, handing her a glass of water she got from one of the waiters. "Please don’t worry about it anymore. It was all my fault; I offended Mr. Liu. Thank you for coming to my defense."
	Queena turned to look at her, just in time to see the repentant expression play at the actress' face. "Oh, look at you. Emily, it is you who have been wronged, yet here you are apologizing and comforting me.
	None of it is your fault! It was all because of Melinda. I shouldn’t have brought her to social events; she does nothing but bring disgrace to the Gu family! Oh, I feel so tired."
	Emily got the hint; Queena wanted to leave the scene. "Then you must retire now, Aunt Queena. Let me walk you to the entrance."
	"There’s no need for that. You have to wrap up things here. Don’t worry about me. We’ll catch up later."
	Yulia had already called their driver, and their car was waiting at the entrance when they got there.
	The valet opened the door for the women, and as soon as the car door shut, the driver turned in his seat. "Where is the younger Mrs. Gu?" He was, after all, responsible for the welfare of all three women while they were outside the Gu's mansion.
	"Someone else is taking her home," Queena snapped impatiently. "Just drive." She slouched on her seat and rubbed her forehead. This entire day was exhausting.
	The driver dared not inquire further, and immediately eased the car out of the driveway and headed for the mansion.
	Yulia was a bit on the edge of her seat herself, and she kept casting nervous glances at the other woman. "Aunt Queena, don’t be angry anymore."
	Her tone was cautious. While she was a little wary, she wouldn’t pass up an opportunity to get on Queena’s good side.
	And she had just the perfect timing, it seemed, because the older woman proceeded to give voice to her grievances against her daughter-in-law.
	"That girl has some gall! Who does she think she is anyway? She’s just a girl from a lowborn, ordinary family. She was nobody before she married into the Gu family!
	How dare she act so high and mighty in public? She lacks proper manners! All she has is that sharp tongue of hers."
	The driver struggled not to glance at the backseat on the rear view mirror, and pretended not to hear anything. He knew his place.
	In matters like this, it would be better for someone like him to fade into the background and turn a blind eye. He concentrated on driving.
	Melinda took a bath upon her return in order to calm herself. If it were up to her, she would have retired for the night after she emerged from the bathroom, but she remembered that Nelson, who had returned from his trip, had gone out for a walk and wasn’t back yet.
	She changed into her pajamas and went downstairs to wait for the old man’s safe arrival. She barely got to the final steps of the stairs when the front door opened to admit Queena and Yulia inside.
	As soon as Queena caught sight of her daughter-in-law, her fury surged back into the surface, and her eyes shot murderous looks at Melinda.
	"I’m surprised to see you back so soon. I would have expected you to stay longer with your dear charming schoolmate." She put emphasis on the last three words, glaring at Melinda with malice.
	Melinda made a subtle roll of her eye and answered calmly, "I did say I was tired; of course I went straight home. It was hard to get a taxi at the hotel so Leo kindly drove me here."
	She might have let herself be demeaned all these years, but she’d be damned if she let these people insult her friends as well. She had a mind to meet Queena’s vehemence word for word, but decided to handle the situation with grace.
	After all, the first one to lose their temper was the first one to lose the argument.
	Queena scoffed loudly. "We are not short in cars and chauffeurs. There’s no reason for anyone else to drive us anywhere we went."
	"That’s true, Mom, but I think we all know that if I shared the ride back home with you, it would only bring you much discomfort." Something within Melinda had finally snapped, and she no longer felt the need to hold back her punches.
	The respect she had for her mother-in-law had dissolved into thin air. She had suffered much in the hands of the Gu family, and had endured ill treatment for so long without raising a hand or her voice.
	Perhaps they had all gotten used to it. They had no idea that Melinda was a true devil before she had married Jonas. She was a force of nature, too.
	Queena looked down her nose on her and sniffed. "Well, it seems like you know your place well. I commend you for recognizing your faults. It’s only natural for me to be uncomfortable to share a space with someone who has done something sordid."
	She taunted Melinda further, not knowing that the younger woman was taking no insult and feeling no humiliation. If anything, her attacks only spurned Melinda on to fight back. And she did.
	Their second confrontation for the night gained some audience as well, this time the servants of the mansion. Instead of lingering and spectating, though, they scurried to get themselves out of harm’s way in case the argument between their mistresses escalated.
	But even in the garden, the women’s raised voices could be heard, and Nelson did not miss them as he walked up to the French windows that stood between the living room and the garden path.
	He came into the scene just as Melinda finished yelling a retort at Queena. "Silence, all of you!" he shouted.
	Everyone in the room turned to the family patriarch in shock. The sound of his crutches thudding against the floor rang out into the spacious room as he strode over to the women.
	Queena’s face was twisted in fury, and she was flushed from the neck up. She didn’t look at all like a madam of any respectable family from high society. She looked like a farmer’s wife picking a fight with street vendors at the market.
	Melinda, on the other hand, looked cool and relatively collected. She had a stoic expression, although there was no mistaking the fire that burned in her eyes. "Grandpa," she said, acknowledging his presence, albeit a little coldly.
	"Dad, you’re just in time," Queena blurted out, her voice still a register higher than normal. "This girl is shameless! For years I’ve devoted myself to this family, and it took only a single night for this ungrateful wench to embarrass me in public and tarnish the Gu family name!"
	As a matter of fact, when Nelson returned to the mansion earlier today, Gavin had reported to him and kept him abreast with all that had been going on in the residence.
	He also knew about the charity party that Emily had held, and that the three women of the Gu family had been there.
	He had suspected that something would happen again; he was not naive to the dynamics between Melinda and the three other women.
	He frowned at his daughter-in-law, taking in her angry stance. She looked a little wild, to be honest. Then she turned to his grandson’s wife.
	Melinda had said nothing to defend herself, and even now she was only looking coldly at Queena. Her defiant demeanor reminded Nelson of Leonard.
	He limped over to a nearby chair and sat himself down before replying to Queena. "I understand you attended a charity event this evening. How, exactly, did Melinda bring shame to your reputation?"
	Before she could answer, there was a rustle as Gavin entered with a tray of tea for Nelson. Melinda gestured for him to stop. "Bring some warm honey water for Grandpa’s tea."
	The butler bowed and went back to the kitchen, and only four people were left in the room. A heavy silence descended on them.
	Nelson looked back and forth between Melinda and Queena, waiting for an answer to his question. Yulia shrank back against the wall, trying to make her presence as little as possible.
	"Dad," Queena all but screamed. "Is it not shameless for a guest to insult the hostess of the event she was invited to? Not only her but she let her acquaintance humiliate the hostess as well! And Emily has been nothing but kind to Melinda, even after being insulted by this insolent girl!"
	"I know very well how Emily Bai treats Mellie," Nelson said in a ruthlessly cold voice, making sure there was no room for misunderstanding what he meant with his words. "And I know damn well how Melinda responds. Every time."
	Emily was a sly and scheming woman. First she tried to seduce Jonas, and when that didn’t work she plotted to turn him against his own wife.
	And now the evil girl had sunk her claws into Queena. They were fools, mother and son.
	"Dad, you seem to be prejudiced against Emily!" Queena accused her father-in-law incredulously.
	"No, it is you who are prejudiced. And blinded! Why don’t you tell me exactly what happened this evening. Tell me every detail."
	Queena launched into an incoherent narration, which was riddled with countless angry bursts of rants and accusations. Nelson finally held up a hand to stop her incessant screeching. He looked at her with blatant disappointment, and Queena choked on her own voice.
	The old man then turned to Melinda, and asked her to recount the events. Queena’s head jerked to her direction. She looked at the younger woman with fear in her eyes.
	Nelson seemed to be tipping his favors towards Melinda; if she decided to embellish the story and make Emily or Queena look bad, it would cause a great deal of trouble.
	Melinda understood the streak of despair that flashed on Queena’s face, and she couldn’t help but smirk. Nelson had asked her to explain, and Melinda did so with precise clarity and calm.
	It wasn’t such a hard thing to do, really. All she had to say was the truth, after all.
	As Queena listened to her actions being spoken out loud, icy dread poured over her body. Her behavior was utterly ridiculous, and sounded nothing like her at all!
	Yet she had really done those things, and had spoken those words. She had brought this all upon herself.
	Nelson sat quietly as he listened, hanging on Melinda’s every word. He was sullen and angry at first, but was feeling very gratified and a little gleeful when they got to the part where Melinda fought back. 'Finally!’
	Gavin was back with his tray just as Melinda finished her narrative, and Nelson took his sweet time stirring his cup of tea. "All right. So that’s what happened."
	He took a sip of his tea and was pleased at the gentle sweetness that coated his tongue. Honey water. He sighed in pleasure. Melinda really was a gem of a girl.
	He waved her off, telling her to rest, and when Melinda took the stairs, Yulia quickly followed suit. When they were alone, Nelson looked at his daughter-in-law hanging her head in shame.
	He let her stew in the pot she lighted herself for a few more moments as he sipped his tea. When he finished his cup, he set it back down on the tray and rose from his seat.
	"Why do you go out of your way to speak for Emily? Do you think so little of the Gu family name that you would compromise your own reputation to cover for some other girl? Is it really Mellie who disgraced the family name? It was Mellie who was disgraced. And here you are lowering yourself for the sake of another woman who tried to seduce your married son. You are a fool."
	Queena stood there in horrified silence, pale and shaking.
Chapter 126 A Secret
	Nelson always had a bad temper, but in all these years, not once had he been cruel to Queena. She had never seen him like this before.
	Queena broke into a cold sweat and her heart raced frantically.
	"I didn't mean that… We were mere guests and that's how people would behave if they saw us denigrating the hostess."
	Queena's mind was foggy. She saw Nelson shaking his head in disapproval.
	She realized that her reason was lame and it would never convince anyone.
	Although it seemed reasonable in her head, when the words spilled out of her mouth, Queena realized that she had done a grave mistake.
	Her experience was nothing compared to what Nelson had gone through.
	"What do you mean by denigrating the hostess? Melinda did nothing!"
	Nelson scoffed. He was in fact, proud of Melinda's actions. He had always been concerned that she endured all the torture and bullying.
	Nelson was glad to see that she had changed and finally stood up for herself. The way Queena blamed Melinda for safeguarding herself irked Nelson.
	"Don't be stupid enough to believe that Emily is good. She is evil. Only a few people in the entertainment circle are innocent and she's definitely not one of them."
	The soldiers of the old generations despised actresses. They appreciated talent but were intolerant to calculative people like Emily, who would go to any extent to have what they wanted.
	"Dad, Emily is a sweet girl."
	Queena wasn't ready to give up. She defended Emily because she was incredibly grateful for her timely favors. Queena felt that Emily always wished the best for her.
	She had fallen for Emily's flattery and failed to see the truth behind the facade.
	"Cut the crap! I don't care if Emily is sweet or not. All I care about is the happiness of my granddaughter-in-law, Mellie. I cannot see you treat her like this."
	Nelson was seething with rage. He wanted to smack Queena with his walking stick but she was his daughter-in-law, so he suppressed his anger.
	Queena shuddered. The intensity of Nelson's anger frightened her. The warm yellow light cast long shadows, making him look scarier. She didn't know how to make things right. She wiped the sweat that trickled down her forehead and looked at him helplessly.
	"The Gu family doesn't encourage hypocrites. If you want to be a part of this family, better follow the rules. I won't always be patient enough to forgive you. I may be old but I still make the decisions in this family."
	Queena's heart broke as every word was like a tight slap on her face. She knew that if she annoyed him again, she wouldn't have the chance to explain herself.
	She understood that his opinion of Emily could never be changed.
	Queena had nowhere else to go. The Gu family was her pride and they were all she had. She decided that she needed to stop bullying Melinda for protecting Emily. Otherwise, she would lose her place in the family.
	The pool of tears on Queena's eyes streaked down her cheeks. Her usual majestic demeanor was long gone. She looked dejected and her hair that was coiled to perfection was disheveled. She looked vulnerable.
	She slumped to the floor and stared at the wall. Nelson glanced at her and didn't have the heart to reprimand her anymore. He sighed and went upstairs.
	Queena hugged her knees and looked at the vast hall. She felt lonely and all her emotions that were simmering in her heart gushed out. She let out a piercing cry that reverberated across the hall.
	Melinda was reading a book upstairs. Queena's cry caught her attention. She glanced at the door and continued to read her book. But she felt agitated and couldn't calm down.
	"Mellie, are you asleep?"
	She heard Nelson's muffled voice through the door. Melinda could sense the anxiety in his voice and immediately opened the door.
	"Grandpa, what can I do for you?"
	Melinda asked concernedly. She wanted to ask what was going on but controlled her curiosity when she saw his tired face.
	"What happened to you today was unfair."
	Nelson smiled apologetically and patted her shoulder. Although he didn't apologize to Melinda, Melinda could see that he was sorry for her.
	"No." Melinda shook her head and smiled.
	"I'm proud of you, and from now on, I want you to protect yourself. You've had enough already and you didn't have to put up with anyone's taunts anymore. Don't let anyone put you down, do you understand?"
	"Yes, I do."
	Melinda smiled and helped him sit on the sofa.
	Melinda was a changed woman. She would neither let anyone speak a word against her nor would she do anything to embarrass her grandfather. She had been gullible in the past but now she understood what life was. Melinda had only worried about her fate but didn't realize that Nelson stood by her, like a pillar, at all times. He always had her back and saved her from troubles.
	He had even fought with his own grandson for her.
	"I want you to get along well with Queena. She hasn't understood you yet but there will be a time when she will see you for who you are. Don't worry if she is rude to you. She is not in charge of the Gu family,"
	Nelson said intently.
	"Yes, Grandpa."
	Melinda had nothing against Queena. But it was Queena who blindly supported Emily and rejected her. There wasn't much Melinda could do to make Queena understand her.
	Even if Melinda managed to mend their relationship, she knew that Emily would come up with a plan to destroy everything.
	"Err... one more thing," Nelson said, rubbing his eyebrows. "Don't mock Queena for having an illegitimate son when she was young. That was the reason why Jonas's father had problems with her. She has had a hard time. Hope you'll understand."
	Melinda's eyes widened. She never expected the Gu family to have a deep, dark secret. Was there anything else she didn't know?
	Melinda didn't know much about Jonas's father. She always felt that Queena and her husband had a strained relationship but she never thought that this would have been the reason behind their problems. Perhaps there were other dark secrets that she didn't know.
	Melinda couldn't stop thinking about Queena's illegitimate child. Who was he and what was he doing now? Does Jonas know about his half-brother? Nelson's words continued to ring in Melinda's ears and her mind was swarming with all kinds of questions.
	"All right, it's late. I'm going to bed and you..."
	Nelson looked like he wanted to say something but stopped himself. Melinda felt that he wanted to bridge the gap between her and Queena. He wanted them to bond.
	"Grandpa, let me help you back to your room."
	Nelson didn't refuse. They walked in silence. The entire villa was quiet except for Queena's muffled sobs.
	Once Nelson went back to his room, Melinda went downstairs. Queena's cries grew louder as Melinda got closer.
	Queena was immersed in her thoughts and didn't notice Melinda.
	"Stop crying. Here, wipe your face,"
	Melinda said, giving her a bunch of tissues. Queena stopped crying and sniffed loudly.
	A wave of shame washed over Queena and she hoped that she could vanish into thin air. Queena was always proud and felt ashamed that Melinda had seen her when she was in her worst state.
	Queena glared at her and turned away. Melinda sighed but didn't give up. She remembered what Nelson said and felt that Queena must have gone through a lot of problems.
	"Mom, don't worry about what Grandpa said. You know he always speaks his mind. His anger will vanish in no time. He scolds you only because he cares for you."
	Melinda was bad at comforting people and didn't know how to make her feel better.
	Melinda's words annoyed Queena. She always despised Melinda and didn't want to listen to her. She couldn't believe that Melinda was trying to comfort her. Queena felt that Melinda was here to laugh at her downfall.
	Queena slowly stood up. She had been sitting for too long, so her feet gave away as they had become numb. Melinda ran forward and held her.
	Queena instantly shoved her against the wall. Melinda's wrist became red and swollen, her eyes prickled with tears.
	"Don't come anywhere close to me. It makes me sick,"
	Queena grumbled. Her voice was raspy after all the crying. Melinda flinched at Queena's tone. Her hatred for Melinda was evident in her eyes.
	Melinda was devastated. She didn't know what she had done to make Queena feel sick and disgusted. Melinda closed her eyes and took a deep breath to compose herself. The problem seemed never-ending and she didn't know how to make things better.
	"I know that you hate me and feel like I'm not good enough for Jonas,"
	Melinda said, rubbing her hand to alleviate the pain. Queena lifted her head and looked at Melinda.
	"But love is magical. It doesn't see if a person is good enough or not. It just happens and we don't know why we fall in love with someone."
	Melinda blew a loud breath and continued, "We cannot force people to fall in love just because they belong to the same family background. That doesn't mean they are right for each other."
	Queena's eyes widened. She peered at her with suspicion. She felt that Melinda knew something.
	"Grandpa is a caring person. He must have been annoyed but I'm sure he'll come to you once he calms down."
	Nelson valued love above everything else. Otherwise, he wouldn't have thought about his relationship with Leonard. He was always protective of Melinda because he knew that she was genuine and respected people's feelings, unlike Queena who considered love as a child's play.
	Nelson reprimanded Queena because she treated Melinda badly, but more than that, he was intolerant to Queena's behavior. He was tired of cleaning her mess and couldn't see her being arrogant and selfish anymore.
	"Please don't be sad. Although Grandpa yelled at you, he only wishes for harmony and peace within the family."
	Melinda walked to Queena and continued to rub her injured wrist. Queena gradually calmed down.
	She had cried her heart out and her body was still trembling. Queena always felt that she had a good life but she was all alone now. There was a void in her heart.
	"No one is around, so you don't have to pretend that you care. Go back to your room," Queena said coldly.
	She couldn't believe that Melinda was helping her out. She favored Emily over Melinda and continued to support her.
	Melinda didn't bother explaining herself. Although Queena knew that Melinda was right, she wasn't ready to accept it.
	Queena calmed down and realized that there was truth in Melinda's words.
	Queena was staring at the wall, lost in thought. Melinda saw that she was hyperventilating, so she went to the kitchen and poured a glass of honey water. She plopped next to Queena and gave it to her.
Chapter 127 Two Tragic Romances
	The silence between the women came to a comforting lull, and the atmosphere recovered a modicum of peace.
	"I have been in the Gu family for nearly six years now," Melinda said gently, breaking the quiet. There was no emotion to her voice, no hint of nostalgia, or even a semblance of joy. She said it as though she was about to tell a story that belonged to another person, a story that wasn’t hers.
	"In the eyes of most people, I was a living Cinderella, a poor girl who managed to marry into a rich family. Many girls were jealous of me, and they often made their feelings known one way or another."
	Melinda had wasted five years being tied to Jonas in a loveless marriage. For the first four years she had been chasing him, and then she had finally realized the truth for what it was: the man she had loved in her best years could never be hers. "A Cinderella," she murmured, and a self-deprecating smile crept into her face. "I was the object of everyone's envy, but what was there to be envious of? What kind of life have I been living all these years? I have become a lesser person than I used to be, shackled to circumstances that only serve me misery."
	Even the servants in the main villa, while not all, seemed to be looking down on her. A mistress who was beneath her servants. Such was the life her husband gave her.
	"In truth, I was no different from all those other girls." Melinda took a deep breath. She was about to relive all the time she wasted on Jonas, and Queena found herself listening attentively, much to the older woman’s chagrin.
	"I fell in love with Jonas at first sight. I kept thinking to myself how nice it must be if I were to earn the love of such a man. He was... perfect, practically. He had all the qualifications most girls our age were looking for in a romantic partner.
	Except, perhaps, that he is a little aloof. But that only added to his appeal. He was so out of my league—out of anyone’s, really—so I strove to become better and worked hard in hopes that I might catch his eye."
	A sliver of emotion had laced her tone, and a light little smile played on her lips. Even her eyes had curved into little rainbows.
	Regardless of everything else, that part of her youth was among her most treasured memories. And in spite of the pain that followed, the emotions she harbored at that time made her feel more alive than ever in her life.
	"I did so many stupid things just to try to get close to him. I got myself into a lot of minor troubles, made a lot of questionable decisions... Just so I could keep him in my sight.
	That was all it was, at the time. At first, I thought I would be content just watching him from afar, he was just so out of reach. I never expected that our grandfathers had such a connection, and that I would end up getting married to Jonas after all."
	She had thought then that life had given her the most glorious surprise. She had thought of little else during that phase, wrapped as she was in blissful oblivion. The only thing that mattered was the fact that she was going to have a place in Jonas's life.
	Her own grandfather had voiced out his reservations, but she plowed on willfully and all but thrown herself into the marriage.
	Back then, if she had possessed even a third of the sanity she now had, she would never have been so hasty to dive into a world that was so different from the one that she had known before.
	Jonas was like an irresistible, magnetic beacon to her young and naive self. She loved him too much, and couldn’t bear even the thought of being apart from him.
	She had soon been violently awakened to the cold and bitter reality of where she stood in his life, though. It had always been a source of pain for Melinda to recall those days.
	Although she had resigned herself to the sad truth, she always regretted the way her younger self threw away her best years for a man.
	Even now, while she nurtured a deep sense of calm, she couldn’t help the strong emotions that seemed to claw their way up to the surface, demanding to be acknowledged.
	At that point, Queena had already been listening to her daughter-in-law rather intently. Melinda was a storyteller, after all; she had a gift for capturing people’s attention with words and immersing them into the stories.
	Feeling somewhat gratified, Melinda told her mother-in-law everything. She held nothing back, feeling as though her burdens were being eased as she gave voice to all that she had bottled up for the past decade.
	Queena was looking at her quizzically. Apparently, this girl chased after her son out of pure love and sheer perseverance. There was no glamour to her actions and her intent after all.
	At the time of their university years, Jonas had amounted to nothing more than a clerk in one of the family’s subsidiaries, and no one had known his identity. Moreover, he wasn’t qualified to hold any high position, and wasn’t even being considered a candidate to inherit.
	And yet this slip of a girl had already been following him around, hoping to catch his eye.
	And when she really thought about it, it was because of Melinda that her son was slated to inherit Soaring Group. If his grandfather had not asked Jonas to marry Melinda, Jonas would not have been so quick to get to the heart of the company.
	Nelson’s conditions to the request gave way for Jonas to learn the ropes in their business sooner than anyone would have had intended, and now he was more than capable to take the reins and lead.
	By all rights, Jonas had been the one who had nothing—nothing that mattered significantly anyway—and Melinda came into their lives and handed him everything.
	Queena felt something within her ease, and she couldn’t help chuckling at Melinda’s antics when she was young. "You really were seeing everything through rose-colored glasses."
	And Melinda laughed along with her. She regretted the decisions that sprang from her emotions, but never the emotions themselves.
	She may have found herself down in the dumps several times, but she had always been hopeful, and never desperate. And she was rather proud of that.
	"Did your Grandpa Nelson tell you all about me?" Queena asked, her face taking on a somber expression.
	Over time she had developed the belief that love was a fleeting emotion, and always treated it as something dispensable. She had her fair share of romantic tragedy in her own marriage after all.
	But listening to Melinda talk about her young and pure love, Queena felt like someone had yanked her off her feet, like the world tilted beneath her, and when she was upright again she was seeing a whole new perspective. It was as much an abrupt shock to her as it was a breath of fresh air.
	"I know a little," Melinda said softly, looking at her mother-in-law’s lowered head. The older woman looked... defeated, weary from old burdens she had carried for many years.
	Melinda briefly marveled at the stark transformation of this woman before her from the gorgeous and arrogant socialite image she always projected to other people.
	Queena took a deep breath and leaned against the wall. Her eyes took on a dark look of self-mockery as she began to talk about her ridiculous past.
	The hour grew late. Melinda was a very good listener; she never interrupted, and her demeanor always gave the impression that the speaker had all of her attention. Queena found herself speaking of parts in her past that were difficult to say, and felt her heart lighten as the words came out of her mouth.
	She never expected to find a confidante, not in these matters anyway. But there she was, sitting on the floor, pouring her heart out to the daughter-in-law she had always kept in contempt—for no real reason, it now seemed.
	When she was finally done, Melinda reached out to rub the older woman’s shoulder in a gesture of comfort. Queena had led a difficult life, too.
	But she had Jonas. Melinda’s baby, on the other hand, was not saved.
	Melinda felt terrible at the pang of malice that came with that thought, and she waved it off as she spoke, her words directed to herself as much as to Queena.
	"Let bygones be bygones. Don’t be trapped in the past. You now have endless opportunities to devote your passions to your family, or your hobbies, your studies and paintings. There is so much more to explore in life."
	"Jonas..." Queena whispered, and her eyes filled with tears. "I’m so proud of him." He had grown into an excellent man, the perfect prodigy to carry on the Gu family line.
	Queena recalled all the things she had done to antagonize her son, and a sob escaped her lips as a streak of guilt lanced through her.
	Melinda could sense the direction of her mother-in-law’s thoughts, and something occurred to her: there must be something to Jonas’s upbringing that made him become the man who caused her so much suffering.
	Nevertheless, this was neither the time nor place. "It’s getting late. The floor is cold, and so is the wall. The blanket wouldn’t do much, Mom. Let me take you to your bedroom."
	Queena finished her glass of honey water, and felt a great deal better, although she was still struggling to navigate around her relationship with Melinda. Their whole interaction that night was a revelation of some sorts, and she knew she needed to do some thinking.
	Even so, as soon as she sank into the bed, she fell into a deep sleep before Melinda even left the room.
	The next morning, Melinda rose early and went downstairs to the kitchen to prepare some breakfast. Last night had been a heavy episode in their lives, and was sure to take some toll on the family.
	She wanted an opportunity to ease the atmosphere, and lighten the tension between the family patriarch and her mother-in-law.
	Nelson bumbled into the kitchen just as everything was bubbling on the stove. "Good morning, Grandpa."
	Melinda had been going back and forth among the countertops. A few servants were nearby, and helped with the trifle tasks, but all in all it was Melinda who was hard at work, just as she had intended.
	Nelson went to the garden after that to go over his morning exercises, humming to himself with pleasure at the sight of Melinda being the ideal, skilled wife.
	They were soon gathered in the dining table, Queena having woken up earlier than usual. Yulia, though, was still asleep.
	They shared an amicable meal, even joking with each other. It was as if the previous night did not happen, and all parties involved were grateful at this development.
	"Mellie, are you free today?" Queena asked out of the blue as the dishes were being cleared.
	They were in the kitchen, Melinda preparing a pot of tea for Nelson after giving instructions to set aside some breakfast for Yulia.
	In truth, Queena had been hesitating since the meal. She wanted to spend some time with her daughter-in-law.
	She now realized that Melinda’s company was so much better than Yulia’s; the latter only spun toxic conversations, while Melinda’s presence itself brought comfort, even if she kept silent the entire time.
	"I do," Melinda said, a little surprised. "Is there something you want me to help you with?" As a matter of fact, she had a bunch of drafts she needed to go over, but that could wait.
	She was good at what she did anyway; she could breeze through the entire writing process if it came to that. She could afford slacking off for a day or two.
	"I really like the winter clothes you picked for me last time." Queena still had a hint of hesitation in her voice. "I was thinking that I want to buy some more."
	Melinda saw the older woman’s subtle fidgeting with her fingers, and smiled. Her mother-in-law was quite embarrassed.
	"What a coincidence, then! I also have something I want to buy at the mall. Let’s go together."
	"Okay." Queena’s face brightened. She knew Melinda knew it wasn’t easy for her to invite her daughter-in-law out, and was grateful for her easygoing and considerate nature.
	They shared a warm smile.
	Their little interaction didn’t escaped Nelson’s notice, and when the women left to prepare themselves for their outing, he remained in the dining room with his tea.
	His mind went over the events of the last few days since Queena’s return, culminating in the harmonious way the two women walked upstairs, their arms entwined.
	Nelson chuckled to himself as he sipped his tea. It tasted better than it ever had in a long time.
	Queena was dressed in one of her many purple cheongsams, the simplicity countered by her gorgeous jewelry. Melinda, on the other hand, opted for a much simpler suit.
	She wore a white sweater over khaki trousers, and plain white sneakers. She topped it off with a large olive green coat.
	They were in the foyer just as Yulia came downstairs, and she stared in shock at the way Melinda was holding Queena’s arm. "Aunt Queena!"
	The two women turned at her somewhat urgent exclamation, and Melinda felt a degree of trepidation as she looked at Yulia’s wild eyes. She had a bad feeling about this.
	Yulia strode halfway towards where they stood. "Are you going out? Wait for me! I’ll go change my clothes really quick and come with you."
	It seemed like last night’s events didn’t prey on her mind either.
	Queena shot her a cold look, and said, "No. Mellie will accompany me today."
	Yulia’s eyes darted back and forth between the two women. Clearly something had changed in their relationship. It didn’t occur to her that Queena’s treatment also had to do with her behavior this entire time.
	"We’re going to be late," Melinda said, breaking her rioting thoughts. "I’ve asked the servants to set aside some breakfast for you. We’ll be going now."
	As she closed the door behind her, she flashed Yulia a faint smile. No matter how subtle, Yulia recognized the triumphant edge to that smile.
	It mocked her, and for a long time after the women drove off, she just stood there, fuming.
Chapter 128 A Rejected Invitation
	Queena had made the decision not only to mend her relationship with her daughter-in-law, but to strengthen it. Melinda shared the same goal, and the next few days saw the two women bonding over the littlest things.
	They grew close enough for the older woman to joke once or twice that Melinda had become her sworn daughter, with Jonas coming a close second to her in terms of Queena’s affection.
	One of the activities they often enjoyed together was shopping, then later sitting at cafes. Yulia had done her best to thwart their mother-daughter outings, but was always shut down by Queena.
	At first she thought the Gu madam was only acting on her feelings towards her husband’s bastard, but seeing the way she interacted with Melinda gave Yulia a sense of foreboding. Queena was becoming Melinda’s ally.
	What started as malicious jealousy on her part became a paranoia that ate at her greedy heart, and she soon found herself scrambling to contact Emily so they could do something about it.
	To her disgust, she couldn’t reach the actress’ phone no matter how many times she called.
	This went on for a couple of days, until Yulia finally found a report on the internet saying Emily was off to some remote location in the mountains for a shoot.
	She must be in some place without reception, which was why Yulia’s calls couldn’t get through. She threw her phone on the bed and stomped downstairs to cool her head.
	She found Nelson, Melinda, and Queena in the living room as she descended. Her sister-in-law was holding out a piece of clothing to her grandfather, and Queena said something that made all three of them laugh. The scene only stoked the fire of envy that burned within Yulia, and she strode over to where they stood to join in on their conversation. "You seem to be having fun," she said as she approached, and her tone effectively hinted at what she was feeling. "What do you have here?" It was a coat with exquisite embroidery.
	In her desperation for attention, coupled with the riot of ugly emotions that ran rampant in her heart, Yulia yanked the clothing from Nelson’s hands with more force than necessary.
	The fabric was ripped.
	She stared at the piece of clothing with horror. An awkward silence fell into the room for a couple of beats.
	Then the two elders burst into action simultaneously, Nelson abruptly pulling the clothing back to him, and Queena turning to Yulia in visible anger.
	"You—"
	Before she could start berating Yulia, however, Melinda had come in between them and put a reassuring hand on her mother-in-law’s shoulder. Yulia turned away bitterly.
	Nelson was glaring at her granddaughter. This coat was supposed to be a present, and he hadn’t even had a chance to wear it yet, but this rude, foolish girl just appeared out of nowhere and ruined it.
	"Grandpa," Melinda said, her tone gentle. "I have been looking at embroidery projects recently, but I never got to actually doing it.
	Would you mind if I make an experiment of my skills using your coat?"
	She smiled at the old man as she reached for the piece of clothing. He let her take it.
	Once again Melinda was salvaging the situation, and doing it with grace and class! Although he was still feeling sullen, Nelson would never think of ruining her efforts by staying cross.
	"All right, you can do whatever you want with it. But be sure it turns out beautifully, or I will be very unhappy."
	He gave her a conniving little smile then, to show her that he knew what she was trying to do.
	Melinda returned the smile and only nodded. Beside them, Queena was sporting a pleased little smile herself, feeling rather proud at how her daughter-in-law handled the predicament.
	Yulia only hung her head in shame, and nursed her fury in silence.
	It was then that Gavin interrupted them, "Sir, Madam, the post has arrived." He handed various envelopes to the two, mostly invitations to parties and some other events.
	A hefty number of them were addressed to Nelson, and the others to Queena. Melinda, as usual, received none.
	Nelson only grunted and waved them away. He never liked socializing. "You can take care of those for me," he told Gavin. "You know what to do."
	Queena had opened one of the envelopes, and was reading through its contents. It was from Emily, an invitation to a party.
	The actress included a postscript saying that she missed Queena and apologized for being so busy with her projects that she hadn’t come by lately.
	Involuntarily, Queena’s eyes darted towards Melinda. Her daughter-in-law still wore a little smile on her face as she folded Nelson’s coat in her arms.
	She was the very picture of gentility. Her gaze then drifted to Yulia, who was glaring at the stack of invitations with obvious avarice. She never received invitations either.
	Once again Queena was reminded how different Melinda was from Yulia and Emily, and felt a sense of security that she was making the right choice with her recent change in associations.
	"Gavin, please refuse this invitation for me as well," she instructed, handing the post over to the butler with an air of nonchalance.
	Melinda caught sight of the invitation’s sender as it passed hands. She breathed an inward sigh of relief.
	She couldn’t deny that she had worried about what might happen if Queena decided to spend some time with Emily.
	She had been so easily fooled before, after all. Melinda feared that the past few weeks of her gaining her mother-in-law’s favor would all go to waste once the actress resumed her manipulations.
	Still, she wasn’t expecting such a ready reaction. And she wasn’t the only one. Yulia had also seen who sent the invitation, and could not believe she just witnessed a swift and firm refusal from Queena.
	To think that she had been counting on Emily to end Melinda’s recent days of bliss. She had to talk to the actress as soon as possible.
	She finally reached her that night, and both of them were in a very foul mood. It would seem that Emily had already received the rejection of her invitation.
	"Why didn’t you warn me you were going to disappear to some godforsaken place with no reception?" Yulia spat over the phone.
	"Don’t you know that all this time that you were gone, that bitch Melinda had been sucking up to Queena? And now she’s successfully gained her favor!"
	Emily rubbed her temples. Why was Yulia laying the blame on her? How was she supposed to know that things would turn out this way?
	Things were already going south for them and all that brat did was complain. "Are you saying this is all my fault?" she said coldly, and Yulia went silent on the other end.
	Good, she should know her place. Emily heaved a long sigh of frustration. "Tell me everything that happened."
	When their call ended, Emily dialed Queena’s contact number. If she needed to do some damage control, she might as well target the concerned party directly.
	"Aunt Queena, it’s been a while!" Her voice was cheerful over the phone, but she made sure to inject a quality of sulkiness, alluding to Queena’s refusal to go out with her.
	The older woman’s reply, however, was short and cool. "Emily." There was no mistaking the shift of her affections, and Emily felt a small burst of panic.
	"Have you been busy lately, Aunt Queena?"
	"Quite."
	Emily bit her thumb as her mind raced. "Aunt Queena, you must tell me when you’ll be free. We haven’t seen each other for such a long time. I really miss your company.
	I bought you a souvenir from my trip to the mountains. I was there for a shoot. I’m sure you will like my gift!"
	She thought she might engage Queena’s curiosity when she mentioned her present, but there was only silence from the other end.
	Emily plowed on, grasping at whatever scheme coming to her on the spot. "Aunt Queena, I’ve heard something really interesting along the grapevine. Can I share it with you?"
	"What is it?" Queena finally spoke, although her tone indicated that she didn’t care much at all.
	"I went to a periodical office a few days ago, and happened upon a little skirmish among the staff. Apparently there was someone who was trying to prevent a story from making its way to the press.
	I found out that it was about a couple of writers, a man and a woman, both married. They were collaborating on a new book, and as such were spending a lot of time with each other.
	At some point they were seen entering a hotel together, and some source said that they were, in fact, meeting up in hotels often."
	Queena immediately thought of her daughter-in-law. She knew that Melinda was working on a new book with Kent, and she was aware that they had been rumored to have been romantically involved in the past.
	She cleared her throat. "Is that so? I understand being a writer isn’t such an easy task."
	"Oh, for sure," Emily said earnestly. She had purposely told this story to bring Melinda and Kent to Queena’s mind. "I hear that a lot of writers needed first-hand experience on the things they were writing, so as to keep the narrative vivid to the readers.
	I suspect such was the case with those two writers. They were no doubt writing a romance. That’s probably why they were trying so hard to stop the publishers from running the story. Having an affair with another married person is such a huge scandal after all!"
	As soon as she heard the word "affair", a dark cloud descended upon Queena. Various memories from her own marriage swam into her vision. It took her a moment to get back to the conversation.
	She pulled her thoughts together. They both knew what Emily was trying to imply. She was badmouthing Melinda again, slandering her in front of Queena.
	It was only just occurring to the older woman now, but as she looked back to all her interactions with Emily, she realized that the actress spoke ill of Melinda quite often.
	"Whatever the case," Queena said, her voice firm. "That is neither your business nor mine. As for the other thing that you seem to be overly concerned with, Emily, that’s none of your business either. But regardless, I’m telling you now that Mellie is not an adulterous woman."
	She had actually interacted with Kent in person. The man was a bit knowledgeable at calligraphy, and was highly intelligent. Queena could see that he adored Melinda, but except for the rumors, there was nothing else that indicated to an affair between the young writers.
	A wave of desperation washed over Emily, and she faltered. Queena’s tone made it clear that she wouldn’t stand for any further comments on the matter. The actress was quick to laugh it off and change the topic.
	They chatted some more about worthless matters before she hurriedly ended the call. Then she sat in her room, gritting her teeth and digging her nails into her palms in tight fists as she tried to think of another plan to bring Melinda down.
	After she hung up, Queena made her way downstairs to get some water. She found her daughter-in-law warming some milk in the kitchen.
	Melinda turned in mild surprise as she approached. "Oh, Mom, you’re still awake?"
	"Hmm," Queena answered. It was true she should have been in bed by now, but her conversation with Emily preyed on her mind. It troubled her enough that she knew she would have difficulty falling asleep that night.
	"What about you? Are you up this late writing?" As she said it out loud, it suddenly occurred to Queena that Melinda might have been losing her writing time because she was always accompanying her. She must be making up for it by writing late into the night.
	But her daughter-in-law only smiled. "I’m actually on my way to bed now." She removed the pot from the stove and poured the milk into a tall glass, and handed it to Queena. Then she went over to the fridge to get some more milk for herself, and repeated the process of warming it up.
	Queena looked on, basking in the peaceful quiet and the feeling of comfort that such a mundane task brought about. Melinda really was an ideal wife, gentle and yet incredibly strong.
	She thought back on Emily’s vile words, and could not help bringing the actress up. "You dislike Emily very much, don’t you?"
	Melinda paused what she was doing for a beat, but when she spoke, her voice remained gentle and calm. "Mom, will you ever come to like someone who repeatedly tries to destroy your marriage?"
	A deep frown creased Queena’s brow. She would loathe such a person; her own marriage was broken by someone like that.
	But all this time, Emily kept saying that it was Melinda who got between her and Jonas, and that she enlisted Nelson to keep them apart.
	"You weren’t there when it all started," Melinda said, breaking through Queena’s thoughts. She could see that some heavy emotion clouded the younger woman’s eyes. "There’s so much you don’t know."
	Then Melinda looked straight at her, and above everything else, Queena recognized a deep sadness in her expression. She felt her own chest ache at the weight of her daughter-in-law’s heartbreak.
	She went over to Melinda and put her arm over her daughter-in-law’s shoulders. "It’s all in the past, as you said."
	Melinda turned back to the stove and put out the fire. She prepared her own glass of milk, set it on the counter, and pulled out a chair. When she sat down, Queena pulled another chair beside her.
	"Then let me tell you about the past."
Chapter 129 A Family Picnic
	Queena knew that she had a grandchild whom she had never met but she didn't know anything other than that. Although Melinda was telling simple stories, it was not difficult for Queena to understand Emily's motives.
	Queena was ashamed of herself for falling into Emily's trap. She remembered what all Emily had done to flatter her.
	Nelson was right; Queena was enchanted by Emily and had failed to see through her act. She looked at Melinda. "I'm sorry," she said guiltily.
	"What?" Melinda looked quizzically. She couldn't understand why Queena was apologizing to her. Queena smiled but didn't tell what she was thinking.
	"Looks like I'm getting old. I was stupid enough to be deceived by an actress."
	"Oh, you're not old at all. If we go out together, people will think that we are sisters."
	Melinda smiled comfortingly. She was glad that Queena understood who Emily truly was.
	Queena felt guilty for hurting Melinda by blindly listening to Emily. She felt that it was best to cut all ties with her.
	Melinda was perplexed. Her intention to leave the Gu family began to waver. She didn't know what to do.
	Both of them went back to their bedrooms without saying a word.
	The next morning, Melinda felt cold when she woke up. She realized that Jonas was tugging the quilt that was draping her body. A small smile tugged at the corners of her lips when she saw Jonas's handsome face. He looked cute and peaceful in his sleep.
	Melinda's fingers involuntarily touched Jonas's face. She stroked his eyebrows and let her fingers trail across the short stubble on his cheeks.
	Jonas's eyes snapped open. Melinda froze on the spot, their faces were inches apart. A subtle blush crept on her cheeks as she didn't know what to tell him. "I think you've been stressed out lately. Your hair is turning white," she said, trying to hide the embarrassment.
	Melinda immediately pulled a strand of hair and showed it to Jonas.
	Jonas looked at the black strand and knitted his eyebrows. "Oops! My bad. There's no light and I thought that it was white hair."
	Jonas shook his head and stood up. It was winter but the weather was cozy. The dim lights and the chilly weather made Melinda lazy.
	Jonas knew that Melinda was making up silly excuses. But he couldn't help but smile at her happy face; he didn't have the heart to question her.
	Melinda grinned sheepishly as she glanced at the strand of hair. She didn't want Jonas to know that she adored him.
	Melinda's bitter past made her hate Jonas. She was upset and wanted to do something to feel better.
	Melinda lazed around in the bed and got up late. She finally dragged herself to the bathroom once Jonas walked out after washing his face and brushing his teeth.
	Melinda was wearing a light pink, satin nightwear. She slipped on a coat and went to the dining table.
	Nelson and Jonas were busy reading the newspaper and Queena served the breakfast. Melinda walked to the kitchen to help her but tripped over the carpet. She held the chair for support and steadied herself.
	"Good morning, Grandpa. Good morning, Mom."
	Melinda smiled. Queena saw that Melinda had lost her balance and gestured her to sit down.
	Nelson put the newspaper down. He frowned when he saw that Melinda was muffled up in coats and scarves. "You need to consult a traditional Chinese doctor to regain your strength."
	"Grandpa, I'm fine. Don't worry about me."
	Melinda waved her hand and smiled. She scrunched her nose in distaste when she remembered the bitter taste of Chinese medicine.
	Nelson sighed and shook his head. He knew that Melinda had become weak after the miscarriage.
	Everyone at the table was depressed because of that but they didn't want to mention the miscarriage and upset Melinda.
	It was weekend and Jonas usually stayed at home. But everyone was surprised to see him dressed up after breakfast. Jonas was about to leave but Queena blocked his way and stopped him.
	"You hardly get the chance to rest at home. Where are you going?"
	she asked, arching an eyebrow. Queena glanced out of the window and saw that it was too cold to step out.
	Jonas was strong and didn't feel cold. He was just wearing a pair of jeans, a T-shirt, and a long trench coat.
	"I'm catching up with a friend."
	Queena frowned as she understood that he was meeting Emily. Although she had stopped talking with Emily, she saw her post on WeChat last night. She had mentioned that she was going out with a special friend.
	"Are you meeting an important friend?"
	Queena had never questioned Jonas in the past, so the sudden inquiry made him uncomfortable. He nodded tersely as he didn't know what to say.
	"Well, I think you should stay back if you aren't meeting anyone important. You hardly get the chance to rest. Just stay back home and spend time with Mellie. It's important to strengthen your relationship."
	Queena's words were honest and Nelson nodded in approval. Melinda blinked and smiled awkwardly.
	"I'm meeting Emily."
	Jonas wasn't aware that Queena despised Emily. He thought that his mother would let him meet Emily as she shared a good bond with her. But on the contrary, Queena's anger elevated and she refused to let him go.
	"Mom, that's all right. Let him go. I don't need him to accompany me,"
	Melinda said, glaring at Jonas. She was too annoyed to be with him but she didn't like the idea of him meeting Emily.
	Jonas couldn't understand that Melinda's words were a reflection of her anger. He thought that she hated spending time with him.
	An awkward silence prevailed in the villa. Jonas's phone blared with Emily's call. He glanced at his phone and hesitated to pick the call in front of them, so he tried stepping outside. But Queena stopped and motioned him to pick the call. Jonas attended the call without any questions and Queena immediately turned the speaker on.
	"Jonas, I've arrived. Have you left your house? It's cold outside. Don't forget to wear warm clothes,"
	Emily said, breathing heavily. Everyone's face turned red with rage when they heard the excitement in Emily's voice.
	Nelson became furious when he saw that Melinda was upset.
	"Jonas is staying at home with Mellie. It's cold outside, so go home. Don't waste your time by waiting for him,"
	Queena said. She never interfered in Jonas's affairs, but today, Queena felt that she needed to take matters with her own hand. Otherwise, it would be too late.
	There was a moment of silence before Emily hung up the call. Jonas knew that the damage was done and he couldn't do anything about it.
	"You need to allocate your time for Mellie and take care of her. Stay away from Emily,"
	Queena repeated Nelson's words.
	"Mom, it's fine. Don't stop him. Let him do whatever he wants to do."
	Melinda was too annoyed to spend time with Jonas. Queena rolled her eyes and pulled her down on the sofa.
	"Are you crazy? Do you want him to hang out with Emily? Do you want to see her proud face? Mom and Grandpa are on your side now. Don't be afraid of anyone."
	Queena knew that Melinda was disappointed by Jonas's behavior, so she tried to unite them.
	Queena realized her mistakes and was working on mending the damage that she had made. She knew Emily's evil intentions and wanted to protect them from her.
	Melinda nodded in understanding. Although she wasn't ready to spend the weekend with Jonas, she didn't want him to get closer to Emily.
	Queena was on a mission to strengthen Jonas and Melinda's relationship. She would always create situations to bring Melinda closer to Jonas. She would prepare lunch and have Melinda deliver it to Jonas's office.
	Jonas would sometimes find two movie tickets in his pockets and flowers in his office. Queena came up with interesting plans to spark romance in their relationship.
	Melinda understood that her anger towards Jonas was because of love and possessiveness. Jonas had been aloof only because he was mad at Melinda and he slowly began to realize his feelings for her.
	But there was no evident change in their relationship. They couldn't get along well like a happy couple and Nelson and Queena couldn't stop worrying about them.
	"The weather has been good for the last few days. Let's go out tomorrow for a picnic."
	The Gu family usually hosted a family gathering. However, it had been a hectic year for the family and they had no time to host a party. Moreover, they couldn't execute the project. It was winter and the project was delayed again.
	"A picnic?"
	Melinda asked worriedly. She had always been afraid of winter and the thought of being outside worried her even more. Jonas glanced at Melinda and agreed to the plan.
	Everyone continued to plan the picnic without understanding Melinda's concern.
	Queena was the happiest of them all. She felt that the picnic would be a great way to ignite love in Melinda and Jonas's relationship. Once the dinner was finalized, she informed Gavin to go ahead with the preparation.
	"Don't forget to invite your uncle and his family,"
	Nelson said as soon as he got into the study. He felt that Aron's presence was important as it was a family gathering. But it was up to Aron to decide if he wanted to attend the picnic or not.
	Queena was unhappy with Nelson's decision. The two families were constantly fighting for the inheritance of power. Nelson openly established his support for Jonas, so Aron's jealousy and hatred for Jonas intensified over the years.
	"Okay."
	Jonas nodded. Although it seemed like a bad idea, he believed that he could handle Aron and his son.
	Aron and Rey had been exploiting Jonas and the company. They were safe as long as they didn't leave a trace. But if Jonas found out the truth, he wouldn't show them any mercy.
	Time flew in the blink of an eye and it was Sunday. Aron and Rey arrived on time. They all left for the picnic in three different cars.
	Aron's wife was at her parents' place and didn't attend the picnic. Queena and Gavin had prepared everything in advance. The suburb was vacant and quiet as everyone preferred staying at home during winter. The clear sky and the warm weather made it a perfect morning for a relaxing dinner party.
	Nelson didn't bring servants with him as he wanted to improve Jonas and Melinda's relationship. He assigned all the work to his grandchildren, hoping they would coordinate well.
	Rey wanted to prove his potential to Nelson, so he shouldered all the responsibility, whilst Yulia remained idle.
	"Jonas, help Mellie adjust the table cloth,"
	Nelson said as he saw Melinda kneeling on the ground, straightening the table cloth. She was dressed in many clothes because she was afraid of the cold.
	Jonas pursed his lips and knelt next to Melinda.
	His agile hands efficiently straightened the cloth. Melinda glanced at him, gasping for breath.
	"Please place the food on the table," she said breathlessly.
	Jonas took the food from the car and placed it in front of Melinda. She wiped the beads of sweat on her forehead and transferred the food into the table.
Chapter 130 A Pollen Allergy
	Everyone was sitting at different corners, so Melinda clumsily picked the dishes and served them. She couldn't manage everything on her own.
	Melinda was busy and started to sweat despite the chilly weather.
	She stumbled on her feet as she opened the zipper of her coat. Jonas grabbed Melinda's arms and gave her a basket of vegetables and bamboo sticks. He couldn't see her struggle anymore.
	"Sit here and prepare the vegetables for making kebabs. They have been washed clean,"
	Jonas said as he looked after Melinda's work. Melinda was shocked by Jonas's thoughtfulness.
	She grinned happily as it was an easy job. All she had to do was sit down and arrange the vegetables in the skewer.
	Jonas served pre-cooked food and cakes as starters while Melinda prepared the grill for barbecue. Nelson and Aron went to the river for fishing.
	Queena helped Jonas and Rey arrange everything as they set up a barbecue grill and a temporary stove. Queena started by boiling the water and Melinda finished skewering the vegetables.
	She called Jonas to ask what she needed to do next. But he didn't say anything and let her do whatever she wanted.
	It was a mellow morning and the cool breeze carried a warmth that instantly lifted Melinda's spirit. By the time dinner was ready, Nelson returned with succulent freshwater fishes.
	"Jonas, I saw some flowers on the hillside. Why don't you and Mellie grab them so that we can decorate the table with them. Also, I want to post the pictures of WeChat moments?" Queena said.
	Melinda's eyes lit up. She was clumsily sprawled on the grass and Jonas gave her a hand.
	She bit her lip and took his hand as he pulled her to her feet.
	The flowers in the suburb were swaying in the wind. Melinda carefully picked all the beautiful, bright ones and gave them to Jonas.
	The colorful hillside stood out against the somber suburbs as the flowers bloomed during winter.
	"These are beautiful. Take it."
	Melinda beamed as she gave a bunch of flowers to Jonas. His hands involuntarily reached for the flowers, his eyes fixed on Melinda's beautiful face. The flowers faded in comparison to the bright smile on Melinda's face. Jonas dropped the flowers to the ground as his face became itchy.
	"What are you... Jonas, what's the matter?"
	Melinda's mouth popped open in shock. She was about to scold Jonas for not holding the flowers properly but she realized that something was wrong. Angry, red rashes formed on Jonas's flawless skin that gradually spread all over his face and arms.
	"My body is itching,"
	Jonas muttered. He didn't notice the rashes as his eyes were fixed on Melinda. She lunged forward and grabbed Jonas's hand as he was about to scratch his face.
	"Stop! Don't scratch it."
	Melinda held Jonas's arms and took him back to where everyone had assembled for dinner. Queena dropped the dishes when she saw Jonas's red face.
	"Gosh! It looks like an allergy. Let's take him to the hospital right away."
	The picnic came to a halt because of Jonas's allergy but no one could understand what he was allergic to. They were worried if it could be something else worse than an allergy.
	Queena and Melinda took Jonas to the hospital, while Nelson left with Aron and Rey.
	The short drive to the hospital felt like an eternity as Melinda's mind was swarming with all possibilities of Jonas's condition ranging from skin allergies to terminal illnesses.
	Jonas was fine but Melinda broke into a cold sweat and the blood drained from her face.
	Jonas knew that it was dangerous to scratch the rashes, so he resisted the urge and endured the torture in silence.
	He saw that Melinda's body was trembling. She bit her bottom lip as she inspected Jonas's rashes. "Are you cold?" Jonas asked intently.
	He saw that Melinda was nervous and tried diverting her.
	"Yes," she mumbled and hugged him tightly.
	Melinda always maintained a safe distance from Jonas and he was surprised by her reaction.
	He pushed her away as he was afraid that it could be a contagious disease. He didn't want Melinda to suffer as well.
	Queena was agitated and drove as fast as she could. When they finally reached the hospital, the doctor quickly assessed Jonas's condition and diagnosed that Jonas was allergic to pollen. Although his condition wasn't serious, the doctor insisted on him staying back until he fully recovered.
	Queena's heart sank. She felt guilty for asking Jonas to bring the flowers. Moreover, being a mother, she didn't know what her son was allergic to. She couldn't stop blaming herself.
	Jonas fell asleep after taking medicine. Queena and Melinda were sitting beside the bed. They had informed Nelson about Jonas's condition and asked him to stay back at home.
	While everyone was worried about Jonas's allergy, Aron remembered that Jonas was negotiating a new business opportunity.
	The business was very important for the company and if Aron used Jonas's absence to his advantage, he would be able to reap benefits.
	Jonas woke up in the afternoon. He didn't know how long he might have to stay in the hospital, so he asked William to manage the office and business.
	"You are hospitalized, Jonas. Can't you just stop worrying about the business?"
	Queena asked worriedly. She had been after power and money before. Her son had worked hard to win the right to inheritance but nothing mattered to her anymore. Her family and son were important than anything else in the world. Queena couldn't see her son working hard by neglecting his health.
	"Mom, it's an important deal."
	William had just called to inform him that Aron had already taken action.
	"Mom, don't worry. I'll take care of him."
	Melinda knew that work was important for Jonas and decided to be at his side and take care of him. Queena trusted Melinda and went home.
	William was efficient. He was in the hospital in an hour with all the documents and other important files.
	The VIP ward soon became Jonas's temporary workplace.
	Jonas's hand was injected with a saline drip. He was too exhausted to read the documents and did the necessary research work. Melinda helped him find the necessary data and sorted the documents.
	Melinda was familiar with the work and it was for her to understand the requirement of the task.
	"My eyes are heavy. Can you read it for me?"
	Jonas asked as he closed his eyes and blew out a loud breath. The rashes on his face were red and swollen. Melinda's heart ached when she saw the corner of Jonas's right eye. It was the most affected area on his face.
	Melinda carefully read every word of the document. Even the boring document seemed like a lullaby in Melinda's sweet voice.
	It was a lengthy document and Melinda took a sip of water to moisten her throat. Jonas would stop Melinda if he had any doubts, or she would continue to read.
	There was a soft knock on the door.
	Melinda opened the door and was surprised to see Emily. She glared at her and resisted the urge to slam the door on her face.
	Yulia had informed Emily that Jonas was in the hospital. So, she had asked her assistant to prepare soup and immediately came to see Jonas.
	"Jonas!"
	Emily scowled at Melinda and squeezed herself into the ward. Melinda had been taking care of Jonas and hadn't eaten anything since morning.
	She was too weak that she almost fell. But luckily, she held the door for support and balanced herself.
	"Jonas, I heard that you were hospitalized. I was disturbed and couldn't focus on my work. Are you all right?"
	Emily put the pot of soup on the table and sat on the bed beside Jonas. Melinda gritted her teeth and turned away.
	"I'm fine."
	Jonas was uncomfortable with Emily's unexpected visit. Only a few people in Jonas's circle knew that he was hospitalized and he wondered how Emily got the news.
	Something seemed wrong but Jonas remained calm.
	"You don't look good. I made the soup for you. Do you know how difficult that is? Come on, don't embarrass me."
	The aroma of soup wafted in the air as Emily opened the pot.
	Melinda was annoyed to see Jonas with Emily, so she left for the kitchen to make a glass of glucose for herself. She felt dizzy as she had low blood sugar. Moreover, she was busy taking care of Jonas and hadn't eaten anything since morning.
	The soup was steaming hot. Emily opened the pot, poured the soup into a bowl and kept it aside to cool. She saw the documents lying clumsily on the bed, so she grabbed one file after the other to arrange them properly. The documents that Melinda had sorted according to the work were ruined in an instant.
	Jonas grunted in annoyance but it was too late before he stopped her. He glanced at Melinda who was in the kitchen, leaning against the fridge. Her usually bright face was dull and she looked exhausted.
	Jonas wanted peace and silence. He was irritated that Emily was fussing over him, treating him like a child.
	"Jonas, let me feed you some soup," she said, picking the bowl as the soup had turned a little cold.
	She picked the spoon, blew it gently, and placed it before his lips. Jonas was uncomfortable by the intimacy and pushed her hand away.
	"I'm not hungry. Keep it there."
	"The soup will not taste good if it turns cold. Take a sip, Jonas."
	Emily pouted, deliberately showing her swollen hand. Jonas believed that she made the soup for him and couldn't refuse it.
	"Don't! I'll drink it on my own."
	Jonas reached for the bowl and took a sip. He scrunched his nose as the taste was too strong for his liking. Melinda usually prepared mild soup that soothed his body but the soup that Emily had brought made him sick.
	He glanced at Melinda again and saw her leaning on the seat. Her eyelids looked heavy and he wondered if she was asleep.
	Jonas was worried that Melinda would sprain her neck.
	He took a few sips of the soup and placed it aside. Emily was disappointed but didn't show it. She sat with Jonas and attended to all his needs.
	"Are you handling the company's affairs? Why are you working when you're not feeling well? Let me help you so that you can go back to bed early."
	Emily looked after him like a wife. She picked the documents and began to sort them.
	There was knock on the door again. Nelson was at the door with a nurse. His eyebrows furrowed when he saw Emily sitting intimately with Jonas with a file in her hand.
	Nelson was seething with rage that he almost forgot why he had come to see Jonas.
Chapter 131 Mountain Climbing And The Hot Springs
	"Who let this woman in?" Nelson demanded furiously as he stepped into the room. "Nurse! Take this woman out of this room, and make sure she never enters again!"
	His shouts woke Melinda, and she slowly roused to the picture of something that seemed to have come out of a melodrama.
	"What do you have in your hands? How dare you touch Soaring Group’s documents so easily?! Do you think you’re a part of the company or something?!"
	Nelson was still berating Emily, glaring back and forth between the woman and his grandson. He was clearly disappointed, and beyond furious.
	He was still the head of the family, as well as the family business, damn it! This woman had some nerve to get her hands on such important files; no one outside of the company should have even laid eyes on those papers.
	Jonas was looking on helplessly, but kept his silence. Emily, meanwhile, had a horrified expression, and the documents shook in the air as her hands trembled nervously. Melinda rose and walked over to the bed, then calmly took the papers from Emily and placed it on a nearby table. Then she went to Nelson and helped the old man towards one of the seats.
	"Didn’t I tell you it was nothing to worry about?" she chided Nelson softly. "You shouldn’t have come all this way." The old man only grunted.
	A nurse came close and took hold of Emily’s elbow, urging her to stand and walk out the door. The actress turned to Jonas with a pleading look. "Jonas."
	But he was looking at his wife, and nobody was really paying attention to Emily. Well except for the nurse who was now pulling at her. And Nelson.
	"What do you want?" he shouted at her. "Do you want me to call security to get you out of here? You’d better get out of my sight while I’m still being patient!"
	Emily’s face flushed in mortification. She was a celebrity, after all. If they weren’t in the VIP section of the hospital, there would no doubt be a crowd taking photos or videos right now, immortalizing her moment of humiliation for the world to see.
	Nelson’s reputation reached far and wide, and this hospital was caught among his vast network of connections. The nurse, along with its many employees, dared not displease him.
	As the door closed behind their unwanted visitor, Nelson snorted to express his displeasure. Jonas noticed, but it was his wife he addressed. "You must be tired after everything that happened. Why don’t you return with Grandpa and take a good rest? I’ll be all right. The nurses will take care of me."
	Melinda opened her mouth, but before she could say anything, Nelson interjected. Apparently the old man was full of energy at the moment.
	"Indeed, you must be exhausted. That’s why I had Mary bring some of your necessities here. You’d be clean and comfortable as you take care of Jonas. It’s far too inconvenient for you to keep going back and forth, not to mention tiresome as well."
	The wily patriarch would never pass up an opportunity to get these two alone so they could spent some time with each other without interruption, doing things that couples were supposed to do.
	There was a knock on the door just as he had finished speaking, and Mary entered carrying a bag that contained Melinda’s clothes. She also had with her what looked to be a picnic basket, which was filled with food.
	"You often forget the basics whenever you’re busy." Mary smiled as she handed them to Melinda. "Please take good care of yourself before you take care of Mr. Gu."
	"Thank you, Mary." Melinda laughed softly, because the servant wasn’t wrong. Nelson left soon after that, and with Gavin and Mary with him, the young couple didn’t worry much about their grandfather.
	In truth, Melinda was starving, and as soon as they were alone again she propped open one of the food packages Mary had prepared. There were many of her favorite dishes and snacks, and among them was a container of shrimps sautéed in butter, which was her favorite.
	She plopped on the chair by the hospital bed, and started to merrily chow down her shrimp. Seeing her blissful face as she chewed, Jonas scoffed and turned his back on her.
	"What is it?" Melinda mumbled over a mouthful of food. "Do you want to eat some, too?" Jonas turned to shoot his wife a look of mock disgust. "Too bad you can’t have any," Melinda taunted, and bit into another forkful of shrimp.
	Jonas wanted to devour something, all right, but it wasn’t the shrimp he wanted to sink his teeth into. The memory of their episode in the cinema flashed briefly before his eyes, and whatever small fire burned in his chest quickly dissolved.
	He remembered her reaction to his advances. He sighed wearily, and resigned himself to watching Melinda eat without any consideration to his state.
	Jonas was confined in the hospital for three days. Even though he was discharged, the doctor advised for continuous medication.
	Melinda had considerably thinned over this period, because, as expected, she looked after Jonas at the cost of her own well-being.
	Queena greeted them as they arrived at the mansion, and her heart ached when she saw her daughter-in-law’s gaunt features. She scolded Jonas as they stepped into the living room, telling him off for not taking proper care of his wife.
	"But Mom," Jonas said good-naturedly, "I was the patient." Besides, even though he was bedridden, he had still taken care of many business matters, and Melinda had assisted him greatly.
	In the days that followed, husband and wife would often be cooped up in Jonas's office, poring over company documents. Pretty soon they were spending most of their time in Soaring Group offices instead of at home.
	Queena was loathing to wear Melinda further in this manner, but her daughter-in-law was undeniably competent in dealing with the matter.
	Additionally, she could see that the relationship between her son and his wife had greatly mellowed out, and she was sure that spending more time alone with each other had played a big hand in that.
	In any case, Melinda’s work was flexible when it came to time and location anyway, so Queena let the young couple be.
	Eventually, though, the older madam grew lonely, and she began to coax Melinda to go out shopping with her, or dine at restaurants.
	This was one of those days, and they were in the living room this time, with Melinda huddled over at the couch with a couple of the company’s folders.
	"Mom," Jonas was telling his mother. "Don’t pester her so much. You’ll find it very difficult to make her go outdoors in the winter, I’m telling you."
	At the couch, Melinda nodded eagerly in agreement. Even now she was swaddled in a makeshift blanket burrito. All she really wanted to do during winter was sleep all day at home. "Oh, all right," Queena huffed. "But she’s better off here than in the office. And you need to come home more often, too, even if only for dinners! I will have William supervise you."
	Queena was sure that if Melinda wasn’t around, Emily would not pass up the opportunity to pounce at her son, and that last bit of instruction was her way of making sure Emily didn’t get any chances. She beamed then, quite proud of her quick thinking. Jonas guessed her thoughts so easily, and he immediately agreed, chuckling softly to himself.
	Queena kept on with her mock lamentations. "Oh, goodness. Mellie has been taking good care of you for such a long time. She deserves a long, languid break. Like, say, a weekend at a hot spring resort in the mountains." She gave her son a pointed look as she let her words drift off, and Jonas quickly took the hint. He cleared his throat and masked his own eagerness at the idea.
	"All right, all right," he said impatiently as he rolled his eyes. "Is there anything else you wanted, Mom? Because if there isn’t, then I’d like to go upstairs now and get some rest."
	"Is that the tone you should be using when you talk to your Mom? It’s really true what they say, that sons are never grateful or cute!"
	Queena walked over and sat beside Melinda. She threw her hands around the younger woman, blanket and all, and squeezed. "Having a daughter is so much better."
	"Mom," Melinda said as she returned the embrace. "I’ll be your darling child from now on. Forget about such an ungrateful son." Then she deliberately shot her husband an irritated look.
	Jonas laughed heartily at their display, and shook his head as he walked upstairs to their bedroom.
	He was mentally going over the plans for the hot spring even as he loosened his tie, and in a matter of moments, he was firing rapid instructions at William over the phone.
	As dawn broke over the weekend, Melinda woke up to a light shake from Jonas. Her busy days and exhausted nights had done their part in dampening her mood, and she was irritated at having her sleep disturbed.
	Still half-awake, she slapped at Jonas, hitting him square in the face. He froze and stared at his wife with a stunned expression, and the room grew quiet. Then a shout of incredulous indignation: "Melinda!"
	Melinda pushed his hand away, picked up a pillow, and rolled over. "So noisy," she muttered.
	"Hey," Jonas tried again, tapping her back lightly this time. "Aren’t you coming with me outside today?"
	"No." Her answer was firm and immediate, even in her half-asleep state. Nothing was more important than sleep. Melinda tossed in the bed again, this time pulling the covers over her head.
	Jonas gritted his teeth. He was fighting the urge to shake and squeeze his wife awake.
	In the end, he picked her up, still partially covered by the blankets, and carried her over to the bathroom. He plopped her on the counter, wet a towel, and rubbed her face.
	Melinda huffed at being awakened so rudely, but sullenly gave in to his ministrations.
	Then Jonas picked up her toothbrush and applied some toothpaste on it, and when it seemed like he was even going to brush her teeth, she grabbed it from his grip and ushered him out of the bathroom. She was dressed and ready to go in a matter of minutes.
	The hot spring resort that they were heading to was owned by Soaring Group. They had the option to get to the establishment by car, but Jonas took his mother’s insistence and chose to hike the trails.
	They had barely gone halfway when Melinda clutched at his arm and begged him to stop. She was hunched over her knees, and her breaths came in gasps.
	"I can’t," she panted. She felt like her legs were about to give up beneath her. "I can’t walk anymore."
	Her husband, on the other hand, was relaxed and didn’t even seem winded by their trek so far. He smirked at Melinda, and she took great pains to stand straight and cross her arms, and then narrowed her eyes at him.
	He turned his back to her, bent on one knee, and then reached both arms behind him. "Come on." He was going to give her a piggy back ride all the way to the top.
	Melinda hopped on cheerfully. She wasn’t going to carry on sulking at her own expense. He offered her convenience, and she was going to take it.
	They kept an amicable silence as they continued on their way, and after a while Melinda felt her nose prickle with an impulse to cry. This moment right here was what she had always wanted.
	It was a moment she had fantasized countless times in the past, when she had been hopeful and constantly yearning for Jonas's affections.
	Now that she was living it, however, much had happened between them, and she was no longer that girl.
	A twig snapped, and she was roused from her morose thoughts. She looked around and saw that there were other people making their way up. Some were on the trail, while others were trudging along the mountainside.
	Melinda took a deep breath, inhaling the faint scent of Jonas's cologne, and felt a degree of peace.
	She settled her head on the nook of her husband’s shoulder, closed her eyes, and lulled to sleep by the rhythmic motion of Jonas’s steady pace.
	The next time she woke up, she was staring at the hotel resort’s low ceiling. She blinked twice, and then turned at the sound of her husband’s voice.
	"You were in such a deep sleep. I could have sold you off somewhere and you wouldn’t have woken to save your life."
	"You wouldn’t dare sell me off," Melinda grumbled as she got off the bed. Jonas was in front of a desktop computer, playing some online game.
	It was such a rare sight, and she hurried over to watch but he quickly switched it off. "Let’s go soak in the hot spring," he said softly, smiling up at her.
	Robes and towels had been prepared, and it was obvious to Melinda that Jonas came here a lot. There was a quality of certainty in his step as he directed her towards the spring pool.
	They enjoyed their time together, and let the warm waters soothe away the tensions of the past few hectic days.
	They spent the entire weekend up there, and they returned to the residence with a calm and peaceful atmosphere between them.
	The days went by quickly and without incident. Melinda was starting to settle into the life of a beloved Gu family member. Yulia still held animosity towards her, of course, and she returned it.
	But the younger woman had no choice. In order to keep her position in the household, she needed to curry the younger madam’s favor. And Melinda let her be.
	There was no point in stirring the pot, after all, unless necessary. Her days in the Gu's mansion grew lazier and lazier, and now she rarely ever went outside.
	Until one day, when she received a call from Kent. "Won’t you get out of your humongous mansion and get a breath of city air?" he joked. He was back in the city.
	"I thought you were stationed elsewhere?" Melinda asked, quite happy at this unexpected surprise. "Did you miss your hometown so much that you’re back so soon?" They had tied up the loose ends on their project collaboration, and their communication hadn’t been as often as it was in the past.
	Their relationship had somewhat evolved, as well, as they worked together. They were more like brother and sister now.
	"As a matter of fact, I’m back due to orders from the top. They’ve reassigned me back here." He explained that he had been promoted to editor-in-chief of their company’s branch in A city.
	Apparently, since he was born and raised here, his superiors deemed him the ideal candidate since he was well-versed in the locale’s customs and conditions more than anyone else.
	It was an opportunity that worked out for the best, so he had readily agreed, and packed up his wife and their belongings, and now he was back.
	"Congratulations! It feels like just the blink of an eye had passed and now you’re editor-in-chief!" Melinda knew he was more than capable to carry the position.
	They chatted a bit more to catch each other up with their own life updates. Before ending the call, they settled for an appointment to discuss the publishing of their project.
	It was a big deal, after all, and in her excitement, Melinda decided to drive to the publishing house that very day.
	It was a rather prominent institution in A City, and when she arrived, she was immediately guided to the reception room. Kent had no doubt instructed the receptionist and his assistant.
	"The chief is still in a meeting, but he will be here soon," the assistant told Melinda. "Can I offer you a drink, Ms. Mo?"
	"Warm water would be fine, thank you."
	The assistant gave her a big, enthusiastic smile, and rushed out of the room to get her water.
	He was a young man with eager eyes, and as soon as Kent walked in and introduced him, Melinda knew that the assistant was one of her fans.
Chapter 132 Leave Melinda
	Kent had started his job in the new office and there were many things that he had to deal with. It took an hour for him to finish all his work before he met Melinda.
	"I'm sorry for making you wait. There are so many unfinished tasks. I have to transfer everything from the old office."
	The assistant brought a glass of warm water for Kent. His throat felt instantly better after he took a sip of it.
	Melinda was immersed in a comic book from the periodical office. She didn't put it down until Kent returned.
	"I don't mind reading books all day long. I know that you'll have to work day and night. Call me once you're done with your work,"
	Melinda teased. Kent's assistant took the contract paper out of the file. Kent explained the contract of the book in detail. Although they were partnering for the first time, there didn't seem to be any conflicts at all. The decisions were unanimous.
	Publishing was a tedious process. Moreover, Kent had been busy lately, so Melinda decided to sort the papers. They were equally involved in the book and would publish it together.
	The company had assigned a small team for Melinda to deal with the trivial tasks, while she planned the bigger event.
	It all sounded simple in their heads but it took solid three hours to execute the plans. "Do you want to go out for lunch?" Kent asked.
	"You've got a lot of work to do. We'll catch up when you're free." Melinda smiled.
	Kent nodded. He had a very tight schedule and the mere thought of the work gave him a headache. "All right, let me at least walk you out," he said, massaging his temples.
	All eyes were on Kent and Melinda when they walked out of the reception room. The silent office erupted into soft murmurs as the employees began to gossip about their new editor-in-chief walking out with a beautiful woman. Melinda remained calm and ignored their prying eyes.
	Melinda had parked her car in the parking lot of the periodical office. Her eyes widened and lungs constricted when she looked for her car. There was a completely different car on the spot. Melinda narrowed her eyes and saw the number plate.
	"What's going on?"
	Kent asked. Melinda's car was covered in paint. Kent protectively stepped in front of her and peered at the surroundings.
	The vivid red paint on the car seemed like a strange warning.
	"I don't know," she mumbled.
	Her heart was pounding and her lips turned dry. It didn't seem like a silly prank; it was a clear warning. But Melinda couldn't think of anyone who had a vengeance against her.
	The paint was clumsy but when Melinda looked closer, she saw an unruly painting of a series of characters. Melinda shuddered and stepped back. Kent held her shoulder reassuringly.
	"It could be a prank. Call the 4S shop and ask them to come right away."
	Kent knew that this was the only possible solution. Melinda called the 4S shop and informed them about what had happened. A shiver ran through her spine and she couldn't understand what was going on.
	The street looked bleak under the gray winter sky. She looked around to see if she could find any strange activity. It was a normal day and pedestrians were scurrying on the streets but Melinda's red-painted car looked eerie.
	"Kent, I think someone's after me. But I've been busy. I've neither stepped out of the house nor offended anyone. It's strange, isn't it?"
	Melinda wondered who could have done this during broad daylight. But most importantly, she couldn't understand the motive behind tampering with her car.
	"Could it be someone from the Gu family?"
	Kent asked. Melinda had endured a lot of pain in the Gu family and Kent became furious when he thought about the things she had gone through.
	Melinda trailed her fingers across the clean part of the car. "No. It's impossible." She shook her head.
	The wind was stronger in the streets and Melinda braced herself. Kent exhaled into his palms and rubbed them vigorously to warm his body. "Let's go back to the periodical office first. I'll get the car keys and drop you home. Meanwhile, I'll ask my assistant to hand over your car to the 4S shop."
	That was all they could do. Melinda looked at the car and frowned. She hardly drove the car and this incident scared the life out of her.
	Kent was held up with work again. Melinda waited for him at the periodical office for half an hour. Finally, Kent rushed out of the office.
	"Let's go."
	"Kent, it looks like you're busy. I don't want to disturb you. I'll better take a taxi home."
	Melinda felt guilty for wasting his time. She felt that she could have called home and asked Gavin to arrange a driver to pick her up.
	"It's no big deal. Let's go." Kent smiled. But he was worried about Melinda. He could sense that someone was after her. Whoever it was, it seemed dangerous as they had gone to the extent of threatening Melinda by scribbling on her car. He felt that it was unsafe for Melinda to go home on her own.
	Melinda opened her mouth to say something but Kent stopped her. "We will only waste time arguing."
	Melinda closed her mouth and nodded. She knew that Kent was right. The two of them could argue all day long but that wouldn't do them any good.
	Kent dropped Melinda at the Gu's mansion and saw Mary standing by the door. She looked nervous.
	"Mrs. Gu, you're finally back," she said, breathing a sigh of relief.
	Melinda had informed that she would be back for lunch but it was late afternoon. Nelson had tried calling her but couldn't reach her phone. He started to panic and asked his men to look for Melinda.
	"Something unexpected happened." Melinda smiled nervously and looked at the car.
	Kent rolled the window down and smiled at her. "I know that you're busy, so I won't ask you to stay back for lunch. Thank you for dropping me home." She smiled gratefully.
	"I've got to go. Bye."
	Melinda waved her hand and watched Kent leave. She returned to the main villa with Mary and told everyone about what had happened. She didn't want to explain in detail about the red painting and how she had panicked, so she briefly informed them about everything.
	"Why did you leave the house if you didn't have anything important to do? The car is destroyed now," Jonas grunted.
	He was annoyed that Melinda had gone to see Kent and couldn't control his anger.
	Nelson glared at Jonas and Queena kicked him under the table to stop him.
	"I had work to do,"
	Melinda retorted. She wasn't in the mood to entertain Jonas's childish behavior. She had been disturbed since the incident and Jonas was blaming her for taking the car.
	There was an awkward silence as Melinda scowled at Jonas for his insensitive remark. Nelson put down his chopsticks and said, "I'll ask my men to find out who is behind all this. I won't let anyone even think of harming my granddaughter-in-law."
	"Grandpa, it's okay."
	Melinda didn't want to make a big deal of it. Although she tried hard to hide her fear, her shaky voice revealed that she was scared.
	"Where is your car now?"
	"Kent asked the 4S shop to take the car. He has sorted everything out."
	Melinda was grateful to Kent for saving her. She wouldn't have handled everything on her own. She would have panicked and done something stupid.
	Anger surged in Jonas's veins at the mention of Kent.
	He was disappointed that Melinda had sought Kent's help instead of calling him. Kent had been her savior instead of him.
	Kent was a busy man and had gone out of his way to help Melinda. Jonas felt that Kent had helped her without any complaints only because he had feelings for her.
	Jealousy resided in the pit of Jonas's stomach. He felt that Kent was Melinda's hero and that she had rekindled her relationship with him as soon as he came back.
	Just like the way Melinda was bothered by Emily, Kent and Melinda's friendship troubled Jonas.
	Jonas looked frustrated and didn't eat properly as he was disturbed.
	"I'm going back to the company." Jonas stood up and glanced at Melinda. It was already late because Jonas had waited for Melinda.
	"Jonas..."
	Queena called him to say something but Jonas left without looking back.
	She was mad at her son's arrogance. Jonas neither comforted Melinda nor tried investigating the matter, but he left for his office. Queena felt that her son was incredibly stupid at times.
	Jonas stomped into the office, looking furious. Everyone in the office was terrified and wondered what was bothering their boss.
	William was usually the first person to receive Jonas's blow, so he walked to his office and sent all the documents for Jonas to read.
	"William, I want you to fix an appointment."
	Jonas glanced at the documents but his mind was filled with the thoughts of Melinda and Kent. He wondered what they were up to.
	He felt that things were getting out of hand, so he wanted to solve the problem right away.
	"Whom do you want me to fix an appointment with, Mr. Gu?" William asked quizzically, thinking if he had forgotten Jonas's schedule.
	"Kent Jiang," Jonas answered.
	The name sounded familiar to William but he couldn't recollect who it was. He was confused as no one named Kent had any dealings with the company.
	"Err... what do you want to talk to him, Mr. Gu?"
	William asked, trembling with fear. He could make an appointment only if he knew who Jonas was referring to.
	Jonas glared at William and threw the file on the table. "Why are you asking too many questions? Just fix an appointment with him."
	Jonas was seething with rage and William almost ran out of the CEO office. He didn't dare to question him further.
	William broke into a cold sweat. He closed his eyes and took a moment to calm down. That was when it dawned on him.
	Kent was rumored to be Melinda's boyfriend. He heaved a sigh of relief and immediately called Kent's office. Kent's assistant picked the call and immediately transferred the call to Kent when he found that it was from Soaring Group.
	"Mr. Jiang, our CEO wants to see you. Could you please come to the office at half-past three this afternoon?"
	William asked politely. When Kent heard that Jonas wanted to see him, he remembered that he needed to tell him about what had happened to Melinda's car. Therefore, he immediately agreed.
	Jonas had planned to meet Kent at the club of Soaring Group. The club had a strict membership system, so William ushered him inside.
	"I didn't expect you to come back so soon."
	Jonas gritted his teeth when he saw Kent's familiar face. He felt that history was repeating itself.
	"The company has ordered me to come back. I can't disobey them, can I?"
	Kent came up with the same old excuse. Jonas looked murderous but Kent wasn't afraid of him.
	"Company's orders? Is that what this is?" Jonas scoffed and placed a glass of wine before Kent. "An honest person wouldn't look for excuses. I suggest you leave Melinda alone."
	"What? What do you mean? Where does this come from?" Kent asked, knitting his eyebrows.
	He looked at Jonas and saw the insecurity in his eyes.
	That was when he understood that Jonas had fallen in love with Melinda. He was possessive of her and couldn't see his wife get close to another man.
Chapter 133 She Is My Goddess
	"You know exactly what I mean. You're a clever man, Mr. Jiang. I don't think you would like switching cities again,"
	Jonas threatened. Kent knew that Jonas was powerful and it would just take one phone call for him to terminate Kent from the role of editor-in-chief.
	Kent knew that Jonas was threatening him because he was possessive of Melinda. He wasn't bothered by his threats, rather found it was too childish of Jonas to behave this way.
	Kent felt that Jonas knew nothing about love. He was overwhelmed by the emotions as he was experiencing everything for the first time.
	"Got it," Kent replied tersely.
	Jonas would have usually looked beyond Kent's answers but he wasn't in the right frame to care about it.
	Jonas had a simple conversation with Kent. He had thought that it would take a lot of effort for him to change Kent's mind and didn't expect that it would be too easy.
	He sneered at Kent because he believed that he was a cheap person who would abandon anyone for money.
	Jonas felt that Kent was afraid of his threat and immediately agreed to him because he wanted to safeguard his post of editor-in-chief.
	A lot of things were buzzing in Jonas's mind.
	The glass of wine was untouched as both of them were busy protecting their interests. Since they had come to an agreement, Kent decided to leave. He had nothing to say. "I'm still new to the job and there are a lot of things that I need to learn. So, I'm leaving. Have a good day, Mr. Gu."
	Jonas felt that Kent's words were insinuating something else but by the time he came back to his senses, Kent was gone and Jonas was all alone in the private room.
	Kent returned to the periodical office. He couldn't stop thinking about what had happened to Melinda. He asked his assistant to lead him to the security department.
	"I want you to retrieve the surveillance video of the parking lot from 9 to 11 o'clock this morning."
	Kent showed a picture of the parking lot to the security guard. The head of the guards immediately got the surveillance video and began to look for the footage.
	As expected, a furtive figure appeared on the screen. The person was carrying a big bag, a mask, a pair of sunglasses concealing his face, and a hat propped on his head.
	The person was dressed in typical winter clothing, so he didn't grab anyone's attention. The figure walked towards Melinda's car and looked around to check if anyone was watching. Once he was sure that no one was around, he took a small bucket from the bag.
	Kent was sure it was a bucket of paint. The person put on a pair of gloves and poured the paint on the car.
	It was hard to look at the person's expression because of his mask but it looked like an act of revenge. Kent could see that the person had done everything out of spite.
	His eyes widened and began to wonder who Melinda had offended. There must have been a reason behind the person's actions.
	Melinda always had to deal with problems but this time she didn't know anything about the perpetrator.
	The person looked unfamiliar but the actions were planned carefully. He cautiously hid the bucket in the bag, looked around, and absconded immediately.
	"Go and check which direction the person had come from and where he has gone,"
	Kent ordered. The security guard checked the other videos of the car and looked at the direction where the person was headed to but he couldn't find any information about the masked figure.
	The only option Kent had was to call the traffic police. Otherwise, there was no way for him to find the truth.
	"Can you make use of the car's number plate to find out the whereabouts of the person?"
	Kent asked, pursing his lips but the security guard was stressed by the unnecessary responsibility. "We can't find such information. We need to either call the police or consult a private detective."
	Kent realized that it was hard for him to find any information unless he was a powerful man like Jonas.
	He knew that Melinda wouldn't want to attract unnecessary attention and make this into a big issue. But Kent was close to finding the masked person and he wasn't ready to give up.
	"Do you know any private detective?"
	The head of the security guards nodded and skimmed through the phone book. He gave the number of the private detective and Kent asked him to call him right away.
	"Sir, are you looking to find information about the owner of the license plate?"
	"Yes."
	The security guard knew the detective, so he briefly explained what had happened. The detective agreed to work for Kent, so he immediately transferred the money to the detective's account. The detective analyzed the situation and called Kent.
	"The car belongs to a rental company, Sir. I think we should call the police."
	The security guard felt that the issue was complicated than he had expected. Kent felt that the methods of the masked person seemed familiar but he couldn't figure out who the person was.
	"All right, send the information of the car rental company along with the license plate number. I'll contact them to see if we can get any information."
	The head of the security guards was confused as he couldn't understand Kent's intentions. The problem would have been easily solved if he had contacted the police and he didn't know why Kent was complicating the issue.
	But he didn't bother questioning Kent and gave the information he had asked.
	It was nine o'clock in the evening when Kent finished his work. Everyone in the periodical office had left except for Kent and his assistant.
	"Sir, are you going to the car rental company?" his assistant asked. Kent lifted his head and nodded. "Can I come with you? I'd like to know who was trying to hurt my goddess," the assistant hissed through gritted teeth.
	He had worked overtime but there was no trace of tiredness in his face. He was excited to find out who was behind all this.
	"Goddess?" Kent arched an eyebrow.
	"Yes, Melinda is my goddess. I love her novels. There is some kind of magic in her writing. I've always wanted to get her autograph but... err..." The assistant scratched his head and smiled sheepishly. "But I am too shy. Sir, can you help me get a signed copy of her book?"
	he asked shyly. Kent was surprised. He shook his head and smiled.
	"No problem."
	He knew that Melinda wouldn't refuse a kind request. The assistant's face lit up with joy. His biggest dream was going to come true.
	Kent and his assistant went to the car rental company. Although it was late at night, some of the workers were still at work.
	"We want to rent a car,"
	Kent said casually but his eyes were fixed on the register. He knew that the register contained the information of the people who rented the car. Companies like these usually maintained handwritten as well as electronic copies of the information.
	The records were usually maintained for the company's reference.
	"What kind of car are you looking for?"
	The staff opened a form to check the availability of the cars.
	"Five seats, medium-priced, and more spacious,"
	Kent said nonchalantly. The staff found a suitable car, informed the price, and handed the form for Kent to sign.
	"Why have you changed the car? I rented one last time and it was too comfortable. I even remember the number on the license plate. Could you arrange that car for me?" Kent asked, showing him the number of the car the culprit had rented.
	The staff believed Kent and looked for the car Kent was referring to.
	"Someone has already rented that car. Why don't you take this one?"
	"No, I can't. My girlfriend thinks it's my car. How will I answer her? Please help me contact the customer. I'll request him to give his car and take this one in return."
	Kent's assistant was stunned by his presence of mind. He looked at Kent from head to toe.
	Kent was a handsome man and the staff seemed to believe his words without any doubts.
	"Please do me a favor. My girlfriend is a vigilant woman. She will definitely notice the number plate and question me. I'll be in trouble," Kent pleaded.
	"Sir, many customers rent cars for going on long drives and I don't think it's advisable to call them now. Moreover, they would have traveled too far already, so it would be pointless," the staff said.
	The company would be in trouble if they disclosed their customers' information, so she politely declined Kent's request.
	"This is very important. Please let me contact the customer. I'll somehow convince them. I know your company protects customers' information and that's solely why I've become a loyal customer. Just give me the number and I'll talk to them,"
	Kent asked, making a puppy dog face. The staff blushed and her mind wavered.
	Kent's assistant had been watching him in awe. He decided to join hands with Kent and find the information about the person who was after Melinda.
	The staff was confused. She finally gave the register for Kent to check.
	After skimming through the register, Kent and his assistant finally found the entry of the car they had been looking for.
	The assistant quickly noted the information and pretended to make a call. Kent thanked the staff and returned the registration form to her.
	"Sir, the person isn't answering the phone," the assistant said helplessly
	Kent frowned, feigning disappointment. "Well, I guess I've no choice but to take a taxi and tell my girlfriend that my car broke down."
	The staff became furious when she saw them walk away without renting a car. But she couldn't say anything after looking at Kent's sorry face.
	"Have you memorized the information?" Kent asked.
	He was proud of his acting skills and how he had used his creativity to create a dramatic situation. Fortunately, the staff believed him and he got the information he wanted.
	"I wrote it down in my memo. There was also an address along with the number. Shall we go there now?"
	The assistant rubbed his hand excitedly as he felt that he was in a crime movie. His respect and admiration for Kent grew multifold.
	He didn't think that his usually serious editor-in-chief had a humorous side to him.
	But the main reason for the change in his opinion about Kent was because he was a good friend of his favorite author.
	"Okay, check the navigation."
	Kent was busy driving the car, so he asked his assistant to guide him.
	After following the direction, they arrived at a desolate, shabby-looking place. It was difficult for them to find the address in the dim streetlights.
	They searched every corner and finally arrived at the place. Kent knocked on the door. The door opened after a couple of minutes, and a middle-aged woman walked out. Her vigilant eyes looked at Kent and his assistant with suspicion.
	"Does Daniel Huang live here?"
	Kent asked, smiling politely.
	"Why do you want to see him?"
	The woman was clever. Kent heard the muffled voice of a man cursing, which gradually grew louder. "Who the hell has come to see you at night? Why do you opening the door at late hours? You're a useless woman."
	Daniel Huang grunted. His eyes widened when he saw Kent and he instantly felt guilty.
	"Mr. Huang, do you know this car?"
	Kent showed a picture of the car that was parked in the garage. The person had asked Daniel Huang to return the car immediately but he decided to keep it for two more days because he wanted to show off to everyone that he possessed a luxurious car.
Chapter 134 At The Farmhouse
	"Who the hell are you people?" Daniel demanded aggressively. "I could report you to the police for suddenly showing up and raising a racket."
	"You’re very welcome to involve the police," Kent said with a faint smile. "I’m sure they would be very interested in the case of this car, and would no doubt take the matter into their hands."
	He had barely finished speaking when the couple’s heads swiveled to look at each other nervously. The woman’s lips trembled in visible fear.
	Kent only continued to look at them, his gaze swinging back and forth between the man and woman, his smile still in place.
	Daniel cleared his throat. He never expected the prank to be so serious; the instructions he was given were rather straightforward. He took the money and did as he was told.
	Nobody said anything about a dangerous prank that could possibly qualify as a crime and would bring the authorities to their doorstep.
	"I don’t know anything," the man said to Kent, although his eyes shifted suspiciously. "I was only told to rent a car."
	They were at a stalemate. Daniel and his wife were given a hundred thousand in cash to keep silent on the matter.
	It was such a huge amount that even if he, or any of his lot, were to work for the rest of their lives, they would never amass such wealth.
	But now that they were faced with the threat of being imprisoned, the money didn’t seem enough. Daniel was suddenly thankful that the person who hired him didn’t deem him worthy of the details to the transaction.
	"Is that so?" Kent said slowly, a cold glint to his eye.
	Daniel and his wife stuttered their denials, swearing they had no direct involvement whatsoever to the accident, and repeatedly begged Kent not to call the police.
	"What should we do, Sir?" his assistant finally asked. They could both tell that the couple knew more than they were letting on, but obviously less than what Kent required.
	As he looked around the surroundings and the living conditions within the area, he felt slightly sorry for the members of this community.
	Still, that was no reason for them to risk what little they had by hanging on to the edge of a knife’s blade.
	"Forget it," Kent exhaled. "Let’s just go." Any method of polite query was clearly just a waste of time. If the couple was unwilling to divulge what they knew, then he couldn’t do anything to force them.
	Besides, he was sure that if the Gu family were really determined to look into the matter, they certainly would have the necessary connections and would definitely nail the culprit in no time.
	He only walked the extra mile in hopes that he could provide some sort of explanation to Melinda sooner.
	He called her later that night to relay what little he uncovered, and asked her if she wanted him to dig into it any further.
	"Never mind. I don’t have a lot of enemies anyway. I'm sure that whoever is behind this is now on the run, and can’t possibly be hanging around for another scheme. I’ll be careful in the future."
	She had, in fact, spent a great deal of the day pondering over the possible culprits. She had the usual suspects of course: the women who so openly despised her. But she had no proof, and could come up with no rational explanation behind the deed.
	Well, whoever it was, Melinda concluded that the person didn’t have enough guts to inflict their actions directly on her. The car probably only served as an outlet for their anger. As long as her life wasn’t threatened, she wouldn’t waste her precious time worrying over the matter.
	"In order to thank you for your help," she told Kent over the phone. "Why don’t we have dinner this weekend?" Kent’s concern and kindness really touched her.
	Moreover, they hadn’t really had a proper chance to get together ever since Kent returned to the city, so this proposed a perfect opportunity.
	"I’m all up for that," Kent agreed readily. While it was true that the magazine office was busy these days, the weekends were a required respite to all of its employees.
	They settled for Sunday, which was the day after tomorrow, and decided on the time and place for their meet up.
	Perhaps it was because the appointment was on such short notice that it slipped from Melinda’s mind to mention it to Jonas. Kent’s return had a lasting effect on Jonas, and his temper ran short over the littlest things. At home he was acting coldly towards Melinda, even though he didn’t want to.
	It was just that he was floundering, clueless on how to go about his feelings. And he was extremely bad at communication.
	That being the case, Melinda’s outing was never brought up in recently curt conversations between the husband and wife.
	The next day, Saturday, Queena pulled Melinda into her painting studio. She had discovered a few days ago that Melinda was talented in the arts as well, and Nelson all but sang his praises to the yard.
	"Mom, Grandpa is exaggerating," Melinda kept saying, embarrassed at the whole turn of events. Queena seemed keen on sharing her studio and asking her to paint something.
	She felt a mild terror. If her mother-in-law truly discovered her painting skills... well, it didn’t even bear thinking.
	Queena toured her around the studio, pointing at her supplies and telling Melinda the best spot to paint at any given time of day, as if she were sharing a very valuable treasure. "How is it?" the older woman finally asked.
	"This place is incredible," Melinda breathed. She was always amazed at how dedicated artists were to their craft, and being inside Queena’s studio gave her a glimpse into the latter’s mind from a perspective that was no doubt inaccessible to most.
	In truth she was feeling a bit of emotion, surrounded as she was by all the paint and heaps of blank canvases and a shower of natural light.
	It had been so long since she had drawn a paintbrush across a clean surface herself.
	"If you’d like," Queena was saying, "you can ask Gavin for a spare key to this room." Melinda swung her head to look at her mother-in-law in surprise. The older woman only smiled. "You’re welcome to it any time."
	This was how Queena was, after all. If she took a liking to you, she tended to shower you with... anything she could, really. And if you let your guard down, she could get a tad excessive with her favors.
	They spent the whole day in that room, and Melinda finally gave in and allowed herself to be pushed to a corner with her own easel and palette.
	Queena was like a ball of energy as she dove into another blank canvas, humming to herself as she painted the day away. Perhaps it was because she was in such a good mood; perhaps it was because of the excellent weather.
	Melinda, however, could not come up with anything good to put on canvas. She was still reeling from a myriad of heavy emotions, emotions that were a little too fragile and ugly to manifest themselves in any medium.
	"Your grandfather was quite right," Queena later huffed as she looked at Melinda’s canvas. "You are too modest for your own good sometimes."
	It was nothing brilliant, to be honest, just a hazy mix of colors, but she could tell that her daughter-in-law had real talent.
	Nelson and Jonas found them not long after that, and the family patriarch didn’t fall short with his praises. It seemed like Queena’s good mood had translated well to picture. "I’ll probably be able to finish it tomorrow," she smiled contentedly. "I’ll frame it once the paint dries."
	Jonas, on the other hand, peered over Melinda’s canvas. He knew from experience that she could do a whole lot better than this. He was no artist himself, but the brush strokes looked... sort of wrong.
	"But... don’t you draw?" he commented absentmindedly, thinking back on a painting they had both made for Nelson’s birthday in the past.
	"I wasn’t in the right headspace today," Melinda muttered, giving him a sideways glance.
	'Why?' came his urgent thought. 'Not in the right headspace? Is she saying that she's distracted? Is it because of Kent?'
	He never voiced out his mind on the matter, though, and in turn he himself was distracted all through the night. His sour mood turned all the more foul.
	The next morning, Melinda left early. She had breezed through breakfast, and left the mansion as soon as she was done. Jonas brooded.
	"Mr. Gu," Gavin said, showing up suddenly on his side. "I thought it best to let you know that the younger madam drove herself out in her own car."
	"What's the... She’s still driving even after that incident?" A thunderous expression took over Jonas's face. "Isn’t she afraid of death at all?"
	Gavin took a step back at his young master’s words; the younger man’s tone sent an abundance of chills down his spine.
	But he quickly realized that this rather violent reaction was a testament to his affections for his wife. The butler brightened instantly.
	In truth, none of the elders in the family stepped in to investigate the matter, because they wanted Jonas to handle it himself.
	This was also an opportunity for him to redeem himself in his wife’s eyes, if he played his cards right.
	But Jonas was being infuriatingly cavalier in the aftermath, and to say that they were irked was an understatement. Gavin decided to prod Jonas along.
	"The young madam did say it was no big deal. She insisted it was all a ruse to frighten her, but look at her now, obviously undaunted. The younger madam is so bold."
	He didn’t think it at all possible, but Jonas's face darkened even further after he heard his words. The butler was quite pleased with himself, totally unaware of the direction the young man’s thoughts were heading to.
	'What would push her to go out alone in spite of the threats? Is it Kent?' Jonas was aware that these days, all his negative thoughts and feelings always circled back to Kent.
	He knew he was teetering out of line, but he couldn’t help it. And knowing that he couldn’t only fueled his hatred for the man.
	Jonas quickly grabbed his phone and dialed his wife’s number, an angry anxiety etched into his face. He had the phone to his ear for only a beat when he ended the call and tossed it back to the table with a loud thud.
	Gavin flinched. The phone slid across the surface and went over the edge, falling to the floor with yet another painfully loud bang. It landed face up, and as it did, the screen lit up to indicate an incoming call.
	Gavin saw it clearly, the name "Emily." Keeping his eyes down, he picked up the mobile device and handed it gingerly to Jonas. He stood by as the young master said a single word barely half a minute into the call. "Okay."
	Then Jonas turned to the servant. "I won’t be having lunch here today." After that he strode back upstairs, changed his clothes, and was out the main doors in a matter of moments.
	Gavin watched the young master go, shaking his head in heavy disappointment. It didn’t take rocket science to figure out what the call was about, or where Jonas was going. Or to whom. The old man sighed.
	The place where Melinda and Kent agreed to meet was a local farm located on the nearby suburbs. Though it was essentially a farm, the residence located inside was actually no ordinary house, but a manor.
	It was a bustling haunt for both locals and tourists even in winter, and at the moment there were a lot of people lining up to get into the grounds. Since Melinda knew the owner, she had the privilege to cut in line.
	She and Kent were greeted at the entrance of the manor, which housed a restaurant that served organic food freshly harvested from these very lands.
	The farm included a wide, fenced pasture to one side, and on the other side stood a huge barn that housed all kinds of farm animals.
	"It’s absolutely lovely here," Kent commented. They had taken a walk along the frozen pasture, and finally found a bench to sit on as they watched the hustle and bustle of the visitors. It was a quiet place, in spite of the flurry of business that came and went.
	"You’re not wrong," Melinda sighed into the bright crisp air. "If I had found this place any earlier, I would have done all I could to land a job here. I would have loved every bit of it and earned myself some extra coin on the side."
	"Well, you have no need for some extra coin now, do you, Younger Madam Gu?" Kent teased, and she scoffed and rolled her eyes. They shared a little laugh.
	What he said was true, and these days she didn’t really want for anything at all. Anything that could be bought with money anyway.
	"I would have preferred a simpler life like this," Melinda said softly, and it seemed like their surroundings felt the weight of their words, because around them the snow seemed to hush as well. She continued speaking.
	"I would have dearly loved to have settled somewhere scenic, with breathtaking views of mountains and rivers always at hand. I could live in a small farmhouse. And I would spend my days writing and taking walks with my cat and my dog.
	I would grow my own food, and tend to animals, and my trips into town would be rare and few. I would live forever in my little farmhouse." She had a wistful smile on her face as she finished.
	She only ever wanted an ordinary life. Such a mundane existence made her happy, even before she laid her eyes on Jonas.
	She had no doubt that such a life would have made her a great deal happier than she was now. Or at the very least, it would have prevented all the suffering she had gone through.
	Kent was a little surprised at the quality of nostalgia that came over Melinda, but he thought he understood what she was trying to say. He gave her a wistful smile of his own. "That sounds really divine."
	They sat there for the better part of the morning, talking about anything and everything. Their discussions led, as it usually did, to literature.
	Passionate as they were over the subject, their animated conversation soon took a toll on their appetites.
	"I think we’re due a good meal," Kent said as he stood up and patted the snow off his clothes. "Let’s go to the restaurant." Melinda led the way.
	They walked for about ten minutes until they were at the entrance of the restaurant, and as soon as Melinda stepped inside, her gaze locked on two very familiar people.
	It was Jonas and Emily, and the woman had one of her arms linked around Melinda's husband's.
	Melinda stopped short. Kent saw her stiffen abruptly, and he stepped forward, his gaze swinging to the direction of her stare.
	Jonas and Emily were standing near the reception, not too far away. The four people stared at each other, and the air between them became heavy and charged with volatile and complicated emotions.
	Jonas, in particular, was looking murderous. He stared at his wife and Kent, looking like he wanted to eat the other man.
	People started to notice the strange atmosphere, and the nosier ones took the time to look at all four of them, eventually shrinking back as soon as they saw Jonas's face.
	One look was all it took for anyone to tell that this man was not one to be trifled with. After a few beats, Jonas spoke.
	"What the hell are you two doing together?" His voice was deadly calm, but there was an unmistakably dangerous note to it, and bystanders quickly scurried out of the way.
Chapter 135 Being Indifferent
	Kent instinctively stepped in front of Melinda, his body protectively shielding her. He felt that Jonas had completely lost his control and was afraid that he would harm Melinda.
	However, Melinda remained unaffected. She crossed her arms across her chest and smirked at Jonas.
	Her eyes darted towards Emily and she shook her head. She felt that Jonas was being a hypocrite. He was annoyed to see Kent with Melinda but he didn't bother stepping away from Emily who was practically hugging him.
	Kent glared at Jonas, his eyes fixed on Emily's arms that linked around Jonas’s.
	Jonas immediately withdrew his arm. Emily lost her balance, staggered, and almost fell to the ground.
	She scowled at Melinda almost as if she wanted to skin her alive.
	Emily was making use of her sprained ankle to hold Jonas but Melinda's one look was all it took for him to push her away.
	Anger was simmering in the pit of Melinda's stomach but she managed to maintain her composure.
	That was how Melinda had always been. She was great at concealing her true feelings and Jonas couldn't see the anger and disappointment behind the smile.
	His anger spiked when he saw her serene face. How could she remain calm after seeing him with Emily? Was she not hurt to see him with another woman?
	Jonas couldn't help but wonder if she loved him or not.
	If she truly loved him, wouldn't she be as angry as he was?
	Jonas's body was shaking and he felt that his head was about to explode because of Melinda's arrogance.
	Melinda ignored Jonas and smiled at Kent. "Kent, that's our table. Let's go inside,"
	she said casually as if nothing had happened.
	Kent was bewildered. But Melinda walked towards the table before he could question her.
	The waiter breathed a sigh of relief. He was scared that Kent and Jonas were going to get into a fight; now he was glad to see them part ways.
	Once Melinda left, Emily decided to take advantage of this opportunity to aggravate the issue to break them up.
	"Jonas, looks like Melinda has plans with her friend, so why don't we go to our seats? You know it's hard to book a table in this restaurant. It took a lot of effort for me to do it. Please don't ruin this dinner for me." Emily pouted.
	Her seductive voice brought Jonas back to his senses. But his eyes were fixed on Melinda.
	Their seats weren't too far from each other. Melinda's table was right behind Jonas's and it was separated by green plants. The restaurant had no doors but the tables were separated from each other to ensure the privacy of the diners.
	The waiter led Emily and Jonas to their seats. The thick bushes and plants hid Jonas's view and he couldn't see what Melinda and Kent were doing.
	Jonas grew frustrated with every passing minute. Emily hated to see his concern for Melinda, so she fisted her palm to suppress her anger.
	She understood the power Melinda had over him. Jonas hated to see Melinda with another man because she was important to him. Emily could see that Jonas was slowly drifting away from her.
	She didn't know when Melinda became important to him. What had she done to win his heart in such a short time?
	Emily had lost her balance and stumbled a couple of times right in front of Jonas's eyes. But he didn't bother to give her a hand to help her.
	"Jonas, what would you like to eat?"
	Emily asked, looking at the menu. She had heard about this restaurant through a friend but had never been here before. She knew that the flavors of the dishes were pretty strong.
	Since Jonas preferred mild food, she decided to leave it up to him. She didn't want to order something random and annoy Jonas even more.
	"I don't care. Just order some bottles of wine for me first."
	Jonas had lost his appetite. He hated to see that Melinda treated him like a stranger. His heart was asking him to confront her and ask if she cared about him or not but the rational part of his brain was stopping him. He was in a quandary.
	"Sir, we have flower wine, rice wine, and home-made wine..." The waiter read out the specialties.
	"Bring me one of each kind,"
	Jonas said, waving his hand. His mind was a complete mess and his body was screaming for alcohol to numb the pain.
	The waiter was stunned and glanced at Emily.
	"Jonas, let's begin with one bottle. The alcohol content in wine is high in this restaurant and it's not advisable to drink too much." Emily tried persuading him but Jonas ignored her.
	"Just bring what I say," Jonas growled.
	The intensity of Jonas's face scared the waiter, so he immediately left to bring his orders.
	Emily was surprised to see Jonas behave like a maniac.
	Her hatred for Melinda intensified and she felt that she needed to do something big to separate them.
	The waiter immediately returned with alcohol as he was terrified of Jonas.
	Jonas immediately grabbed a bottle and gulped down the contents. The alcohol trailed down his throat, leaving a burning sensation. Jonas knew that it was harmful to drink on an empty stomach but he loved pain. It took his mind off the things that were bothering him. He felt as if his entire system was on fire but it was nothing compared to the pain Melinda had caused him.
	Melinda's beautiful face flashed in his eyes and he lost control again.
	Whilst Jonas was losing his self, Melinda was surprisingly calm. She was behaving as if nothing had happened, which worried Kent.
	"Melinda,"
	Kent called. His eyes were filled with concern. He knew that she was hurting inside and this was all an act. Melinda usually said a word or two to vent out her anger but her unusual calmness scared him.
	Melinda smiled and suggested the dishes for Kent to try.
	Her choices were different from the others. She had personally tasted the dishes before, so she knew that Kent would like them.
	"What's wrong?"
	Melinda finally asked when she saw Kent looking at her with inquiring eyes.
	Kent opened his mouth to say something but he didn't know what to say. He could, to an extent, understand the reason for Jonas's anger.
	Kent felt sorry for him. He knew that his actions were a reflection of his love for Melinda but she couldn't see it. If Kent saw his wife with another man, he would have reacted the same way.
	But he felt that Jonas was incredibly stupid. If it were him, he would have immediately kissed his wife in front of everyone to claim that she was his woman.
	Jonas and Melinda's quarrel had attracted the attention of several diners and they couldn't stop looking at them.
	"Do you want to order anything?"
	Melinda asked. She had ordered an array of dishes and a bowl of soup to soothe the stomach.
	She also ordered some tofu pudding, and plum wine to complete the meal.
	Kent glanced at the menu, and returned it to Melinda. "Umm... anything. I'm not a picky eater."
	"Okay, that's all."
	Melinda handed the menu and the pen to the waiter. The owner of the restaurant was Melinda's friend, so the waiter was kind and polite to them. The desserts and wine were served quickly.
	"You have to take a bite of the dessert and swallow it down with a sip of wine. It's a divine combination. The owner of the restaurant taught me this little trick,"
	Melinda said as she filled Kent's glass with wine.
	Kent smiled in return and took a sip of it. He finally cleared his throat and asked what was bothering him for too long. "Melinda, don't you want to say hello to Mr. Gu?"
	"To him?"
	Melinda scoffed. Kent knitted his eyebrows and nodded.
	He could see that Jonas still cared about Melinda but she was completely oblivious to it.
	Kent always believed that it was Melinda who suffered pain. But now, he realized that Jonas was hopelessly in love with Melinda. It was pure torture for him to see her with Kent.
	"Yeah, it's not a bad idea to explain to him," he said concernedly.
	Kent felt that both Melinda and Jonas were making a grave mistake by staying away when they were crazy about each other.
	He felt that it was their ego that stopped them from getting closer.
	"There is nothing to explain."
	Melinda lowered her eyes and took a sip of the wine. She couldn't enjoy the taste anymore.
	"Well, I think you should explain that we're just friends, at least for my sake. I will be in trouble if my wife misunderstands our friendship." Kent frowned.
	He felt that Melinda was being silly.
	"I'll clearly explain everything to your wife if she misunderstands my intentions."
	Melinda shrugged nonchalantly. She felt that she didn't owe an explanation to Jonas when he didn't bother to explain what he was doing with Emily.
	Moreover, Jonas had promised Melinda that he would cut all ties with Emily. But he had broken his promise by walking into the restaurant, linking her arm.
	"I think he is annoyed. He is drinking heavily."
	Although Jonas couldn't see what they were doing, Kent had a clear view of Jonas's table.
	Emily was trying hard to stop him but he seemed to ignore her. He was drinking like a madman.
	Kent was curious. Didn't the wine hurt Jonas's throat? He took a sip of the plum wine that Melinda had ordered.
	He immediately scrunched his nose as the wine was too bitter. His throat was burning.
	Melinda's usually bright face was dull. He knew that both of them were hurting inside. But they were too proud to admit their feelings. Kent could see that they were drinking to forget their troubles.
	"He deserves it,"
	Melinda muttered. But deep inside, she was concerned about Jonas's health. She knew that Jonas had a bad stomach and he would be in pain if he drank too much.
	Melinda was too annoyed to stop him. She felt that he deserved it for lying to her.
	"Excuse me, I need to go to the washroom."
	Melinda didn't want to talk about it anymore.
	She put the bag on her seat, grabbed her phone, and went to the bathroom.
	Melinda had to pass Jonas's table to go to the washroom. Jonas was completely drunk and he saw a petite figure that resembled Melinda pass by him. He closed his eyes when Melinda's sweet scent filled his lungs. He was sure that it was her.
	Jonas instinctively stood up. Emily's eyes widened. "Jonas, where are you going?"
	But Jonas didn't answer her. He steadied himself and followed Melinda.
Chapter 136 Melinda Got Hurt
	Melinda wasn't as calm as she claimed to be when Kent asked her. In fact, she was trying hard to find an excuse to go to the washroom.
	She was in such a hurry that she didn't even notice that Jonas was following her behind, even though Jonas almost fell over the table because of how drunk he was.
	The farmhouse was a little large, and the restaurant and the washroom were in two different places. If Melinda wanted to go to the washroom, she had to get out of the restaurant and take a quick walk to the washroom.
	Melinda had already been here several times already. But because she was anxious, she felt confused despite her familiarity with the place.
	In front of her was an intersection that was surrounded by stone paths. Vibrant, fresh flowers were decorated on the side of the road.
	If Melinda could calm down, she would easily spot the sign not far from where she was. Jonas was still following her. He almost bumped into her when Melinda suddenly stopped.
	The noises around him suddenly disappeared. From his point of view, only Melinda could be seen as she stood at the crossing.
	Jonas felt his heart being pierced.
	The pain he was feeling made him grab his collar and stretch it out. He looked at Melinda with a frown. As he saw her walking away, he grabbed her.
	Melinda suddenly came to her senses as she felt someone grab her. She smelled a strong whiff of alcohol that was mixed with a stinging perfume.
	"Jonas, let go of me."
	But Jonas's strength was too much for Melinda, especially now that he couldn't control himself. Intoxicated, Jonas hurt Melinda's arm.
	Melinda tried to break free of Jonas, but her strength was too small.
	"You think I will let you go so you could see Kent?"
	Jonas's eyes were red. His shout was like a beast's roar. The amount of alcohol he had drunk made his throat really hoarse.
	The guests were of no help to Melinda. They simply looked away whenever a commotion happened between Melinda and Jonas, thinking it was just a simple love quarrel between two young couples.
	"Next time you're drunk, go find Emily. Don't annoy me ever again!" Melinda shouted at Jonas.
	Melinda's nose was starting to get irritated with the strong smell of wine coming from Jonas. It was unfathomable how much Jonas had drunk in just a short amount of time.
	Melinda started to whisper in her heart.
	"You went out to see Kent today. Why didn't you tell me, huh?" Jonas interrupted.
	He put his hands on her shoulders and forced her to look him straight in the eyes. Even though Melinda was desperate to look away, Jonas was so insistent.
	Melinda was starting to feel a great amount of pain on her wrist and shoulder. All she wanted to do at this time was to get rid of the crazy man.
	"Why didn't you tell me? I demand an explanation!"
	When drunk, Jonas was like a mischievous child who didn't get what he wanted. With Melinda not giving an explanation, he began to make a fuss. He grabbed her tighter on the shoulders.
	At this moment, Jonas felt like a complete stranger to Melinda. She found it too uncomfortable being with Jonas, especially since he was doubting her relationship with Kent.
	But with Jonas lashing out on her, she couldn't speak anything out of her mouth.
	"There is nothing to explain!" Melinda angrily shouted.
	She was trying so hard to break free from his grip. But Jonas would only grab her tighter. Melinda couldn't believe it.
	Her face suddenly turned pale.
	Jonas was starting to realize that he was hurting Melinda. He slowly let go of his tight grasp. Melinda seized the chance and quickly ran away. She looked warily at him as she made a quick ran to the side.
	"Why are you so eager to leave me?"
	Instantly, Jonas was sullen. His eyes looked so bitter that it made Melinda feel cold and uncomfortable.
	Even though Melinda knew Jonas for a long time already, she still couldn't help but panic. How Jonas was acting now was different from how Melinda knew him.
	She felt like Jonas was treating her like a prey. There was nowhere Melinda could hide from Jonas's dangerous look.
	"You're drunk! I'll tell you what happened today when we're at home."
	Both of them noticed that people were looking at them suspiciously. Melinda lowered her voice and tried to calm Jonas down. Because of his current state, Jonas could possibly make a scene.
	While Melinda was trying so hard to calm things down between them, Jonas remained stubborn. He couldn't wait longer for an explanation.
	Whenever Melinda would try to keep her distance from him, Jonas would step closer to her.
	"I'm not drunk. I just want to know why you are with him."
	Jonas stood upright, trying to prove that he was not drunk. But his eyes easily showed how drunk he was.
	As smart as Jonas was, the alcohol had already taken its toll on him. He was confused. All his mind focused on was Melinda's explanation.
	"We have an appointment,"
	Melinda meagerly said with a frown. It had started to feel useless to talk some sense into Jonas.
	He wasn't listening to anything Melinda was saying.
	Melinda's stomach was starting to turn because of the pungent smell of alcohol coming from Jonas. She covered her mouth and pushed Jonas away before rushing to a nearby trash can.
	A surge of pain swept over her again. As she took a step forward, Jonas grabbed her again. This time, a struggle ensued between the two of them.
	Along the way, Jonas's visions had started to become blurry. He shook his head and accidentally collided it with Melinda's.
	Upon collision, Melinda fell on the ground.
	Unluckily for her, her head had hit a rock on the side of the road.
	"Ah!" Melinda exclaimed.
	She covered her aching head with her hands. Kent came outside to check out what had happened. He felt so afraid when he saw Melinda on the ground with her forehead gushing with blood. He quickly ran towards her.
	"Are you okay?" Kent worriedly asked.
	He helped Melinda stand up. Everything was fine before Melinda went out. Kent noticed that Melinda was feeling so embarrassed.
	Jonas stood frozen right there.
	He turned his head and look at Melinda. With everything that had just happened, he started to sober up.
	"Mellie," Jonas softly called.
	Then he hurried towards Melinda to see how she was doing. But, Kent was already there, holding Melinda in his arms and comforting her.
	"Let her go!" Jonas yelled.
	He squatted down and looked at Melinda with guilty eyes. He couldn't hide the worried look on his face.
	His expression made him look like a child who did something wrong.
	"Melinda, let me take you to the hospital." Kent took out a handkerchief from his pocket and gently pressed in onto Melinda's bleeding forehead.
	More and more people were curiously checking on them. What they thought was a simple quarrel between two couples turned out to something more complicated.
	All of them were eager to gossip.
	Emily was anxiously waiting in the restaurant for quite some time now. There was no sign that Jonas and Melinda would be coming back soon. She noticed the commotion happening outside. She, too, wanted to see what was happening.
	"Don't worry, Mellie. I'll take you to the hospital," Jonas said, panicking.
	Kent looked at him indifferently. There was no way he would allow Jonas to take care of Melinda.
	After all, he was the one who caused this accident. He was drunk and there was no way of telling if Melinda would be safe with him.
	"Jonas, what's wrong?" Emily ran out and flew to Jonas's side. Her sprained ankle didn't even seem to bother her.
	She put her hand around Jonas's arm. The people around them were excited to see that the scene was becoming more lively.
	"Mr. Gu, you should sober up first. I'll take Melinda to the hospital."
	Kent refused to let Jonas be the one accompanying Melinda. He reached for Melinda's arms and held it. She was struggling to get up. There was a throbbing pain in her forehead, coupled with severe dizziness.
	"Jonas," Emily called.
	She grabbed his hand, seeing that Jonas was going to do something. Emily wore a mask, as if she was afraid to be recognized with all the fuss happening.
	"A lot of my fans seem to be here. Let's go back first,"
	Emily said, pulling Jonas's sleeves. His eyes were still fixed on Kent, who had already left with Melinda in his arms.
	Her tiny body was leaning on Kent's. It looked like Melinda was comforted by Kent's dependability. Jonas was getting really envious.
	Jonas hadn't heard what Emily just said as he was focused on Melinda and Kent. He was really annoyed.
	"Now that you're recognized, you can go back now. Don't come to a place like this next time," Jonas impatiently said. Seeing Melinda and Kent dating totally ruined his mood.
	He had always been calm, but seeing Melinda and Kent really made him lost his patience.
	Seeing Jonas's reactions, Emily realized that Melinda was so important in Jonas's heart. She gritted her teeth and wouldn't let Jonas go. She didn't want Jonas to find an opportunity to find Melinda.
	Melinda had a long and dazed dream. The scene in her dream made her chest shrink in depression.
	She opened her eyes and found that her forehead was covered with cold sweat. A bandage was wrapped around her forehead. She tried to feel what was underneath the bandage, but the gauze was too thick.
	"She woke up," Queena said.
	Melinda felt that she went to the end of the bed. She adjusted her bed for her.
	"Mom." Her lips were pale and her body felt feeble. It was hard for her to fully open her eyes.
	Queena went to her side and put a pillow on her back.
	"How are you feeling? Does it still hurt?"
	Queena brought her a glass of water. A sip of water slightly relieved Melinda. Suddenly, the sound of Nelson's crutch could be heard. He looked worried when he appeared.
	"I'm fine. Don't worry so much."
	Melinda put down the cup and flashed a smile to comfort them a little. She thought that she was destined to be hospitalized this year. After all, she came in every once in a while.
	She mocked herself, making her feel more disappointed. It seemed that every time she visited the hospital, Jonas had something to do with it.
	The senior VIP ward was like a small apartment. There was no sign of Jonas anywhere inside the ward. Instantly, Melinda's heart felt broken.
Chapter 137 Domestic Violence Scandal
	Melinda thought that she might have overestimated herself. How could Jonas care about her at all, especially since Emily was already accompanying him?
	'Jerk!'
	Melinda cursed in her heart.
	"You still look pale," Queena said. "The doctor also said that you are too weak. You need to rest."
	Queena felt Melinda's forehead to check her temperature. It felt funny because her forehead was still covered in gauze.
	"Right, have a good rest," Nelson also said.
	Both Nelson and Queena felt guilty for Melinda's injury, even though Jonas was the reason for it.
	"Mom, Grandpa, please don't worry so much. I'm fine. After I eat, I could probably run around the hospital," Melinda joked.
	Melinda didn't want them to blame themselves for Jonas's mistakes. She smiled so that Nelson and Queena would calm down. She wished she could squeeze her own face in the dark so that she could get some color back in her face.
	"If you run like that, people will think you escaped form the top floor."
	Queena and Melinda were now familiar with each other. They teased a lot. The top floor was for the patients who were mentally ill.
	Nelson and Queena accompanied Melinda in her ward at the hospital. Her head was still hurt. She badly needed more rest. After dinner, Queena urged Nelson to go home and that she could handle taking care of Melinda.
	When Jonas got home, Gavin told him that Nelson said that he wasn't allowed to visit Melinda. Instead, he should just stay in the company for the following days.
	There were always tasks that awaited him at the company. Nelson troubled him on purpose and assigned him a lot of tasks. This was all exhausting for Jonas.
	In the company, Jonas was very anxious. He couldn't stand William. He called Nelson three times a day to ask him when he could visit Melinda.
	Melinda wasn't badly hurt, but Nelson still wanted her to have an unbothered rest. He refused all her requests for returning home, no matter what kind of excuse she had.
	The next morning, all the senior executives of Soaring Group were in a sullen mood. They learned that Jonas, Soaring Group's CEO, was claimed to be a wife beater.
	The company seemed to be in trouble. Everyone was stressed and in a bitter mood.
	William didn't hesitate barging in. The stock was continuously falling. The company's entrance was already surrounded by the media.
	Aron also took advantage of this chance and wanted to give Jonas a hard time during the shareholder's meeting.
	"Because of our CEO's private affairs, the company's image is damaged! Out stocks are falling! Our CEO really needs to give us an explanation!" Aron said during the meeting.
	He directly attacked Jonas. Only Aron had the guts to say those in front of other people.
	But he won the support of the other people this time.
	"We have to deal with this matter as soon as possible. The company's stock should never fall again," a neutral shareholder said.
	His tone showed his dissatisfaction towards Jonas. Since Jonas took office, he had been depriving them of their rights to make their own decisions.
	He could survive every time as accidents happened.
	Even though Jonas had the business acumen and brought the company numerous benefits, the board of directors disliked how rash Jonas sometimes acted.
	Jonas was the typical uncontrollable man. No one in the board could control him at all.
	"The public would be enraged when this scandal comes out. I think we should deal with it as soon as possible—avoid the rumors as much as possible. Even though this happens often, in my opinion, it's better to change the person who's in charge."
	The shareholder was obviously on Aron's side. He was filled with righteous indignation, and even tried to arouse everyone's resonance. He was already excited to stand up from his chair, but he was stopped by the person beside him.
	Upon hearing all of this, Jonas looked at the shareholder with a sneer. He had a cold face. His eyes showed no emotions. He looked like a devil, making the people feel scared.
	When the shareholders looked at Jonas's eyes, their anger was immediately extinguished.
	"It's not the first time that you have done this kind of thing. Even if you don't need to address this to the public, we deserve a good explanation for this," another shareholder said.
	This shareholder was always neutral, sometimes even on Jonas's side, but this time he was too angry.
	It could also be an opportunity for Jonas to explain everything.
	It was really bad for the company's image to suffer just because of Jonas's personal problems.
	"I'm flattered. There are so many people that care about my personal relationships," Jonas sarcastically said.
	He was already in a bad mood, with everything that happened. The last thing Jonas wanted was to show up and witness people talk bad about him.
	The netizens were very powerful. They had no idea who released the news about it, or who even took the photos.
	The photo showed Melinda on the floor with her forehead bleeding. It looked very frightening.
	Everyone in the shareholder's meeting was arguing. No one was in an agreement. Jonas's face darkened.
	The news quickly spread all over the Internet. Melinda was still spending her time in the hospital. All she did was read, so she saw the news as soon as it came out.
	"So ugly," Melinda cried as she saw her photo.
	She wondered who would write a piece of news like this.
	Soaring Group was also affected by the news. Melinda was lost in her thoughts.
	The news looked like a farce, but even so, it affected Jonas greatly. This matter was beyond Jonas's explanation.
	What was worse was he even insisted that it wasn't him who hurt her.
	"Boss, are you going out?" William asked, shocked. Jonas was about to leave the company, despite the media blocking his way downstairs.
	William was extremely worried.
	"Yes," Jonas answered.
	He was prepared for instances like this. Soaring Group was large, after all, and it provided a special passage for him. He could escape, but he had to focus.
	"There are people in the parking lot now."
	William felt that media was being a little too pervasive. The front door was blocked by security guards. Someone was also trying to walk through different side doors, walking paths, and even contacted people from Soaring Group.
	But everyone in Soaring Group knew that if they divulged their CEO's information, they wouldn't have a chance to stay in A City anymore.
	"Clear up the scene," Jonas ordered.
	William hurriedly followed Jonas's orders. He had his own parking lot. Jonas didn't use his special passage all the time. But today was special, so he directly went to the exclusive parking lot.
	It was a large space. A dozen cars could easily fit there, but only three of four cars were parked there. Jonas already had the car keys, which he took from his office.
	When he arrived at the parking lot, he was looking for the car that matched the car keys he got.
	The reporters had no chance to get to Jonas's special passage.
	With security guards clearing up, it was much easier for Jonas to leave. He quickly drove home. When he got there, Nelson and Queena were sitting in the living room waiting for him.
	"Humph!" Nelson snorted as soon as he saw Jonas.
	Jonas didn't mind his attitude. After greeting Nelson, Jonas turned his head towards Queena and asked, "Mom, how's Mellie doing?"
	"She's still in the hospital. What happened? Did you really hurt Mellie?" Queena asked.
	At first, Queena and Nelson thought that Melinda's injuries were caused by an accident. They only blamed Jonas for not taking good care of her.
	Jonas hurting Melinda was the least of their expectations, especially Nelson. He thought that Emily must have made a lot of "contribution" in this matter.
	Moreover the news said that a figure like Emily appeared in the restaurant and behaved intimately with Jonas.
	Of course, this was only the netizen's speculations. There was no proof yet.
	"I was drunk at that time," Jonas claimed.
	He was annoyed. But it wasn't because of the accident, or everything that was currently happening. It was because Melinda was still in the hospital.
	He was having a hard time sleeping these days. Every time he closed his eyes, the event would play in his mind.
	"Why did you drink so much? You weren't out for business. Was it because of Emily?" Queena bluntly asked.
	Nelson's turbid eyes were filled with smartness as he stared at Jonas. Nelson and Queena eagerly waited for Jonas's answer. Their expressions also showed their dislike towards Emily.
	"I was unhappy that Melinda was with Kent. I couldn't help but drink."
	Jonas thought that he gave a smart answer. He didn't bring Emily up, but gave a reason that was acceptable for Nelson and Queena.
	"Mellie and Kent are just schoolmates. They were only talking about business. How can you be so reckless?" Queena said.
	She still blamed Jonas for being too careless.
	But Nelson wasn't easy to be fooled. He had a feeling that this matter must have something to do with Emily. He even sent someone to investigate this privately.
	"She refused to give me an explanation," Jonas said, ashamed.
	Nelson thought Jonas deserved all the hate he was getting. Queena, on the other hand, couldn't tell who was right or wrong.
	"Well, everything's a mess right now. Go upstairs and get washed up," Queena said.
	She winked at Jonas, signaling him to leave in a hurry. She knew that the situation could get so much worse if Nelson got angrier.
	Now, Nelson and Queena already knew more about the incident. But the netizens were still happy to speculate more.
	They loved to hear the gossip of rich and powerful families, especially Jonas, who was considered the ideal husband among the younger generation.
	He suddenly married Melinda. This shocked so many people. As a result, people envied Melinda, even though she was still struggling to fit in the upper class. Now that she was already adjusted, this scandal happened.
	The netizens were getting more and more excited.
	The media was even more excited. Since they couldn't get close to Jonas, they were thinking about interviewing Melinda. Nowadays, people always wanted to hear about the dating life of prominent people. There were no more secrets in this world.
Chapter 138 Drunk Behavior
	The news that Jonas Gu of Soaring Group had beaten his wife was the most sensational in A City. No one was intervening with this or even bothered to explain anything, which made the media even more excited.
	The reporters couldn't reach Jonas, so they went to the hospital to look for Melinda. But it wasn't easy to sneak to the floor where Melinda was in. Instead, the reporters just wandered outside, trying to get bits from the medical staff.
	Melinda was quietly recuperating from her minor injury. But the media made it seem that it was a serious injury. Luckily, the media hadn't got a hold of Jonas nor Melinda.
	The more the media exaggerated, the angrier Melinda's fans got. Her fans wanted to hear from her, even in places like book comments and microblogs. Some people even went straight to Jonas's and Soaring Group's Weibo to make comments about this.
	At that moment, Weibo had become very lively.
	When Kent went to visit Melinda in the hospital, he couldn't help but mention that.
	"If I am seriously injured, how could they know?" Melinda said.
	She touched the wound on her forehead. It was getting better. The doctor finally covered it with a Band-Aid, instead of a thick gauze.
	With a bandage on her hand, Melinda almost doubted that she was seriously ill.
	"A reporter can confound white into black. The medias are good in making groundless accusations and making comments. But the netizens, they like it," Kent said.
	But he was feeling a strangeness in his heart. The trouble had gotten severer. Why didn't anyone in the Gu family deal with it?
	Jonas was currently worrying about his internal and foreign affairs. His family was questioning him and the company's shareholders were making everything difficult for him.
	"Is your periodical office like that?"
	Melinda rolled her eyes upon hearing what Kent had just said. She even mocked him. As the editor-in-chief who was responsible for the novel section, he couldn't avoid to publish news.
	"Our magazine didn't write anything about this matter at all."
	"Oh my God! No one will read that then!"
	Her mood wasn't affected at all. Even though she appeared to lack energy, she still claimed to be happy. But Kent felt that she was deliberately hiding something.
	Her smile never reached the bottom of her eyes, which made the people thought she was crying.
	Despite being contradictory, it didn't make others feel strange.
	Kent stayed in the hospital for the whole afternoon. He didn't leave until Mary arrived. He didn't expect that the media still hadn't given up. He was even photographed.
	A news article said that it was Kent who took Melinda to the hospital on that day. A lot of different versions were fed to the audiences.
	One of Ken's colleagues came to his office, hoping that Kent would agree to an interview.
	An exclusive interview, for that matter.
	"Why should I do that?" Kent asked.
	He looked at his colleague with a disdainful look. He was really against all this gossiping.
	"In the beginning, we took your advice and didn't take part in this matter. Now we really need you to do your part," the man replied.
	Kent's response made his colleague lose his temper. He even told the others that Kent was incompetent and it was baffling that he was in his current position.
	He wasn't going to let Kent go easily.
	This made Kent really unhappy. He simply didn't want his magazine to be involved in such a mess. He didn't expect that there would be a turning point.
	However, what he said was right.
	If he really wanted to clarify things, he would rather let their own periodical office find an advantage. Melinda didn't make fun of him at all when she said that he was in a loss today.
	"After all, we should respect Melinda's privacy. I have to ask her if I want to do it. And that's the bottom line!" Kent demanded.
	Kent rarely spoke in such a bossy manner, so his colleague wasn't able to say anything back at him.
	The priority of every entertainment magazine was entertainment because the netizens would like it. Few people would investigate the authenticity of reports like those.
	Some of the stars didn't care about the exposure they were getting. Some of them even created rumors for themselves.
	But rich families were different, especially Nelson. So, naturally, they were a little afraid.
	After browsing the news on the Internet, Kent found a summarized section. He immediately sent it to Melinda's WeChat.
	"Kent, it doesn't matter. You can decide for yourself."
	In fact, she had been seeing these news for a long time already. She hesitated and gave her answer when Kent asked about it.
	As soon as Kent saw the news, a big smile appeared on his face. He knew how much she cared about Jonas even though she didn't pay much attention to him.
	She even came to a compromise.
	The next day, Kent's magazine sent an exclusive interview. They stated that Jonas was only drunk, and that he didn't beat his wife.
	The reporters seized the chance to ask why Kent was the one who sent Melinda to the hospital. Kent claimed that it was because drunk people always said they could drive.
	Just like that, he became the most famous editor in A City.
	Kent's statement changed the public's opinion again. The boss of the farmhouse and the waiter that served Jonas the alcohol also confirmed that Jonas was really drunk that day.
	The crowd felt the fun was not yet finished.
	Jonas was surprised when he saw the news. He didn't expect that Kent was standing out this time. Complications suddenly arose in Jonas.
	He had regarded Kent as a rival in love all this time. Melinda didn't have many friends, and Kent was one of them. There was indeed a misunderstanding between them.
	"Boss, the stock market is going well," William said.
	He had been observing the company's stock market all this time. Seeing that it had returned to normal, and even rose a lot, he felt really relieved.
	"Well, you can deal with the shareholders now."
	Jonas, this time, also recognized the people who sided with Aron. He thought about how these people might be a stumbling block for the company's future developments. He had to figure out a way to deal with them.
	Although Nelson forbade him to visit Melinda, Jonas secretly went to the hospital. As he reached the floor where Melinda stayed, he saw Kent coming out of the ward.
	Both of them were embarrassed when they faced each other. After a while, Kent finally broke the silence. "Melinda has fallen asleep. Be quiet when you go in."
	"Thanks for helping me," Jonas said.
	"What?"
	Kent hadn't expected that Jonas would thank him. At first, he was confused. But then, he smiled and said, "I did it for Melinda."
	"Please, don't get me wrong. It's just that those journalists were coming to the hospital to disturb her."
	Kent didn't want any further complications between him and Jonas. But deep down, he felt that if Jonas didn't believe him, it was useless no matter what he said.
	"Would you like to have a drink with me?" Jonas offered.
	It surprised Kent to see that Jonas wasn't acting like what he used to be. Before, Jonas was like a gun that could be shot at any moment.
	"Aren't you going to keep Melinda company?" Kent suspiciously asked.
	Jonas just shook his head and didn't offer any response.
	The two of them went to a quiet bar near the hospital. Jonas asked for a private room and ordered lots of wine. Kent frowned upon seeing this. "Are you sure you want to drink again?" he asked.
	"I know what I am doing," Jonas retorted.
	It wouldn't be a great move to let all of that happen again.
	Even though he knew that alcohol had caused him so much harm, he still needed a drink to relieve his depression.
	"Did you bring me here just for a drink?"
	Kent poured himself a glass and drank it up. It was good wine, but the smell was really terrible.
	Unlike Jonas, who had to engage in social activities like this, Kent couldn't handle it.
	Jonas didn't answer. He had a gloomy look on his face and drank three glasses of wine in a row. It seemed that he wanted to drink so badly. The coldness on his face was melancholic.
	"Did you know Melinda from college?" Jonas asked with hesitation.
	He had been wondering about Melinda, and how little he knew about her.
	Jonas suddenly became conservative. He knew that Melinda loved him deeply. But on the other hand, he was feeling that her love for him had long disappeared.
	"Uh-huh. I've seen her run after you all the time."
	They were in the same community at that time. People viewed Melinda as three things: beautiful, desperate to make money, and having a crush on Jonas.
	What Kent said reminded Jonas of the one who followed him in high spirits during college. But her face was very obscure.
	It was difficult for him to connect such a person to Melinda.
	'Did I make her like this?' Jonas asked himself in his mind.
	"Silly girl," Jonas muttered.
	He was amused, but with a sense of pride and pity. He felt sorry for her as he thought about that time.
	He hated himself for not turning around earlier to see Melinda behind him. Melinda really loved him dearly.
	"Yes, we all advised her to love anyone other than you. It was useless to love you. But she'd say otherwise. She said that she only liked you, and that it was one thing that could not be changed."
	Kent thought he was attracted to Melinda then, even though she was so stubborn and serious.
	Unfortunately, the person she fell in love with wasn't in love with her.
	It was hard to imagine that she had ever said such a thing. Jonas felt really bad for not hearing that.
	At that time, however, he would probably responded with mockery even if he had heard them talking in person.
	Sometimes, the interactions between people really depended on the timing.
Chapter 139 Plead For Mercy
	"What was surprising was that she actually ended up marrying you after all," Kent said.
	He thought that Melinda was experiencing a dream the moment she had informed him that she was going to be marrying Jonas.
	"I was surprised as well."
	Jonas resented Nelson for making him and Emily break up, even more so when the old man asked him to marry a woman he didn't know.
	"Way back in college, she was always looking for part-time jobs. We asked her if that was all an act put up to cover the fact that she was from a rich family as she had a relationship with the Gu family."
	Kent continued to share all that he knew about Melinda in college. All of it seemed strange for Jonas. He even felt sorry for her.
	He didn't know that Melinda had gone through so much.
	"Melinda is actually very stubborn," Kent added. "The last thing that you should be doubting is her feelings for you. I'm pretty sure that she still loves you, but to protect herself she has learned to cover up those feelings and keep them hidden."
	Melinda had cautiously locked her heart up after being hurt again and again.
	There was a glint in Jonas's eyes as his hand slightly trembled. Melinda was still in love with him.
	Was this true? Being the reserved and silent type, he ended up taking a sip of wine to hide his enthusiasm.
	Kent wanted to shake his head at the sight. Their clashing personalities were probably going to be the biggest issue between the two.
	Emily had also been paying attention to the news. She felt that this was the perfect opportunity to make Jonas and Melinda divorce. What she did not expect was that Kent's sudden intervention made the public change their opinions once again.
	Her eyes flashed with jealousy and anger as she stared at the news on her screen.
	She envied Melinda for being surrounded by people like Kent to protect her.
	While scrolling through the photo album in her iPad, she found photos of Jonas and Melinda that had been synced from her phone.
	Both of their faces showed a mask of indifference towards each other.
	Emily had a satisfied grin on her face as she took one last glance at the photos before sending them to the media handling all major websites.
	The media had been quiet for a while. Upon receiving them, they were soon buzzing with excitement.
	What Kent had been saying earlier was also understood to create momentum and boost the popularity for his magazine.
	Both Kent and Jonas were shocked by the news as soon as it came out.
	"I don't think the one behind this is an ordinary person considering the fact that he or she had managed to take several photos of you," Kent informed.
	He had a feeling that this was happening because of Jonas and already suspected who the person responsible was. However, he knew that it was not appropriate for him to say too much.
	The media started digging into Jonas's private life again, attempting to expose it for the public to see.
	Because of this, the company was bombarded by repeated phone calls. The shareholders who had just been finally appeased started questioning him again. This was a rare opportunity that Aron would naturally not pass up.
	Meanwhile, he was also wondering who on earth was secretly helping him.
	The media had been loitering near the company's vicinity knowing that Jonas was currently outside. What was more exaggerating this time around was that they didn't even dare to miss the area around the Gu's mansion.
	Even Melinda's phone number had gotten out to the public. A phone call asking her about the "Cold War" between her and Jonas had woken her up from her sleep.
	The media even went to the extent of disguising as a medical staff to enter the ward. Still dressed in a hospital gown, Melinda was helplessly cornered.
	"Mrs. Gu, what can you say about the 'Cold War' between you and Mr. Gu?" the reporter asked. "We are all very concerned about this matter."
	There was a hint of smug self-satisfaction on the reporter's voice as she quickly straightened her posture, not even pausing to think how disturbing it was for her to enter the senior ward.
	"Are you my parents? It's none of your business."
	Melinda had not been in a good mood recently. Everyone obviously felt it, but this reporter was unfortunate enough to be currently on the receiving end.
	Despite this, the reporter still seemed to enjoy the fact that Melinda was pissed off by her question. She was aware that Melinda's attitude could make a big fuss that she felt her sudden intrusion worthwhile.
	Melinda knew that what she said would cause trouble if it came out. She was not a fool. While the reporter was busy with her interrogation, she secretly pressed the emergency bell by the bedside to notify the hospital staff.
	"Mrs. Gu, this is an issue that everyone cares about. Everyone cares about you. If Mr. Gu treats you with domestic violence, you can tell me. The media is here to help you."
	Melinda was almost moved by her righteous remarks. However, she looked at the reporter mockingly when she heard the door abruptly open.
	Aside from the nurses, two doctors also entered the room. A cold sweat appeared on their foreheads upon seeing the reporter disguised in a nurse's uniform.
	"I suppose you could explain this?" Melinda had a cold expression on her face as she looked at the staff before her.
	The chief doctor hurriedly called the security guards and apologized profusely to Melinda.
	"Search her for any recording devices and check the files on her mobile phone and social media accounts. I don't want to see any news on the internet that would make me unhappy," she ordered.
	Melinda had always been calm and was easy to get along with, but the look on her face right now was so cold and intimidating that it made people feel that she was possessed by Jonas.
	The meticulous and cold way of handling things was proof of it.
	"Of course, you can inform the public of what you have experienced here today at the hospital. That is, if someone is willing to believe you. You'll also be expecting a call from my lawyer as well."
	Melinda was a well-known writer now. Many people paid attention to her. Besides, she had her own studio, so she naturally had an exclusive lawyer.
	The reporter suddenly looked pale. Frisked, she was searched for privacy and thrown out of the hospital afterwards. Although she was very angry because of this, she really couldn't do anything about it.
	She was the one who was responsible for what happened today.
	The only thing she could do now was slander Melinda on the Internet.
	Melinda firmly refused to remain at the hospital after the incident, so Nelson had sent someone to pick her up and quietly take her back to the Gu's mansion.
	The heat on the issue only seemed to increase which proved Kent's speculations that someone was manipulating all of this from behind.
	Even though Melinda had returned to the Gu's mansion, a lot of reporters tried to contact her for an interview.
	Melinda refused all of them with the excuse that she was not feeling well. What was amusing, however, was that her books even became more popular due to the media's buzz on the Internet.
	Even her editor found it both funny and annoying at the same time. The supposed propaganda actually brought a lot of traffic flow to their website. In fact, she told Melinda that it was even more persuasive than any recommendation that could be given.
	As for the gloating editor, Melinda just wanted to write an accusation letter with the pen in her hand.
	Melinda's refusal to any interview had angered the media so they released a public statement saying that she was threatened by Jonas, causing her to not dare stand out.
	The media was an expert at twisting the truth. They were able to turn their "Cold War" into a drama in which Melinda had been suffering a lot in the Gu family.
	Different versions of the story came out on the internet and the people continued to get involved.
	The news landed on the hot search and at the same time the stock market of Soaring Group had another huge fluctuation just as it had finally been stabilized. The shift was so serious that it was about to shut down.
	It was Jonas who was affected the most by the previous events. However, when the issue about Melinda being threatened came out, the Gu family had been also involved this time around.
	The stock price fell. A lot of contracts which had already been made were up for re-evaluation. The media had pulled Jonas into a mess.
	Even the current shareholders who did not do anything else apart from only taking dividends came out to make things difficult for him. With evidence at hand, Aron made up his mind to push Jonas off his position as the decision maker.
	Nelson paid no attention to the matter, but Queena clearly knew that the old man would suspend Jonas even without the trouble those people made should he not be able to handle this issue properly.
	Having this in mind, Queena ended up unconsciously placing her hand in front of the door of Melinda's room. After hesitating for a moment, she finally gave a soft knock.
	"Mom," Melinda addressed upon seeing Queena standing by the doorway.
	She shifted aside to give way for her to enter. Queena remained silent for a while after they sat down at the sofa of her bedroom.
	"Mellie, I suppose you are aware about what had recently transpired on the internet. The comments of the public had badly affected Jonas and Soaring Group."
	Queena was hesitant to say something at first, but she ended up being straight forward. After all, it was not her style to beat around the bush.
	"I know that you have suffered a lot recently, but I hope you could clear up this matter for him." Queena held Melinda's hand tightly.
	She had experience in the business field, which was why she knew that the only way out of this mess was for Melinda to explain it personally.
	However, Melinda refused all the interviews. It was clear that she didn't want to take part on this matter.
	She pressed her lips and remained silent. Her eyes darted towards Queena before she leaned against the sofa with her eyes closed.
	All of these were facts. How could she explain it? It was actually funny since she was the one who started the "Cold War" between them.
	"Mellie, please help Jonas get through this. The stock price of the company has been affected. His cousin and uncle cannot be trusted and there is a severe economic crisis in the company. If we let the media continue to make up stories, Jonas will be in a difficult position even if we have managed to clear this up," Queena pleaded.
	She knew that Nelson would not help this time around. If Melinda turned a blind eye to this, Jonas would definitely be losing all his advantages over Aron in their competition.
	This was the reason why Melinda was caught in a dilemma.
	Kent was right that she still had feelings for Jonas. Naturally, she didn't want him to suffer but she still couldn't deny her anger towards him. However, Queena's pleading was making her change her mind and soften her heart.
Chapter 140 Ending The Cold War
	"All right," Melinda finally said, after taking a deep sigh. "I’ll do my best, Mom." She was going to help Jonas out of the trouble he himself caused again.
	Queena exhaled in relief, and her eyes misted with gratitude. Though she was hopeful, she had initially thought that it would take a lot of convincing on her part before Melinda agreed.
	Now she finally understood why her father-in-law held this girl in such high regard. She should put more trust in Nelson’s judgment from now on; he clearly had a sharp eye for good character.
	"Then, have a proper rest tonight," she smiled brightly at her daughter-in-law. "You will need to make an appearance at tomorrow’s press conference. I’ll make sure to have a word with the company’s team so the people from the media wouldn’t make things difficult for you."
	Melinda’s only reply was a bitter smile. She wasn’t entirely willing to make peace with her husband just yet, but she couldn’t stop herself from helping him this time. Or any time, really. She had always been too softhearted for her own good when it came to Jonas.
	Queena left the bedroom soon after. She could see the exhaustion in the younger woman’s eyes, and could hear it in her weary tone. She gave instructions to have her son brought to the study the moment he arrived.
	She was waiting for him when he stepped inside, and she sat him down and told him bluntly that his wife was gracious enough to help dig him out of his recent controversies.
	Jonas's initial response was a shocked pleasure. If Melinda was willing to do this much, then did it mean that she forgave him?
	But then he quickly shook his head and banished the thought. If their places were reversed, he knew he wouldn’t be so easily forgiving. He assumed that this development was largely attributed to his mother and her relationship with Melinda.
	His heart grew heavier. "I’ll make the necessary arrangements." He rose from his seat and made his way to the door, but halted after taking a couple of steps.
	He turned to look back at his mother, his expression ashamed and defeated. "I’m so sorry for all the trouble I’ve caused, Mom. I’m giving you even more reasons to worry." Queena felt a pang of heartache seeing her son like this, but she decided not to coddle him even though in her heart he would always be her darling son.
	"It’s good that you recognize your mistakes. You are still my son, so of course I will support you no matter what. That doesn’t mean that I am not angry or disappointed, or that your mistakes are not a huge deal."
	Jonas only nodded in acknowledgment, and went to his office to give William a call. They had to hold a press conference at such a short notice after all, and there was much to be prepared.
	Soaring Group’s public relations department, in particular, had to work additional overtime on top of their already long hours.
	The journalists who were notified of the press release were also excited, and there was a buzz along the grapevine even though it was late into the night.
	The story had broken out several days ago already, and there had been many, varying speculations over the matter.
	Except for a few, short responses from Kent that didn’t really provide direct answers to the heart of the issue, the media had no reliable fodder to keep the story burning.
	Neither Jonas nor Melinda had issued a public statement to address the scandals, so for the conglomerate to arrange an official press release was somewhat gratifying.
	The conference was slated for ten o’clock the following day, in one of the hotels Soaring Group owned. The clock had barely struck eight when the journalists flocked to the venue.
	Melinda had thought she would not sleep well the previous night, all things considered. But actually she had a good night's sleep, and she even had no idea when Jonas entered their bedroom.
	"William has prepared a draft just in case," Jonas said carefully as he lingered by the door. "You can read it on our way to the conference. If there’s anything you can’t answer, you can just throw the question over to me and I’ll handle it."
	Melinda said nothing. It looked like Jonas wanted to stay, or perhaps wanted to say more. But after a few beats of silence he finally left, closing the door gently behind him.
	Melinda mustered the energy to pull herself out of the bed, and she walked over to the wardrobe to pick an outfit.
	Her eyes drifted over her clothes, settling on one particular ensemble. She hesitated for a few seconds, and then finally took the red corporate dress from where it hung.
	She was going out for blood, so she decided she might as well look the part. She rummaged for the appropriate makeup and accessories; this was going to be her battle gear.
	Jonas had been waiting for more than one hour for his wife to come downstairs, and when she did he was completely blown away, speechless. She looked nothing like the Melinda he had married.
	She wore a deep red pencil dress, black high heels, and large diamond earrings. Her lips were also painted a bold crimson color. She looked powerful.
	It seemed like all the color in the living room was leeched out; everything was in black and white, except for Melinda. Jonas just stood there, mesmerized, his mouth slightly open as he stared at his wife.
	He wasn’t the only one, apparently, because a hush seemed to have descended upon the mansion. It was Queena who finally broke the silence as she clapped her hands. "Brilliant! You look like you’re heading out to war, darling."
	She walked over to her daughter-in-law to smooth the scarf around Melinda’s neck, and then nodded in satisfaction. "You’ll be late. Hurry and eat some breakfast."
	The family gathered to the dining table as the servants began to lay out the food. They ate in a somewhat tense silence, as though they were all wound tightly and ready to spring at the slightest trigger.
	For her part, Yulia spent the entire meal staring at her sister-in-law with a degree of disbelief. This was a woman who had always dressed plainly.
	Even in grand occasions, Melinda’s choice of outfits was always simpler than most, and it complemented her young and pure nature.
	She seldom wore bold colors or luxury brands, and yet here she sat, sporting both. Yulia could not deny that she looked gorgeous. The color red seemed to emphasize her beauty in a more edgy way.
	She knew there was going to be a lot of men who would take note of Melinda’s appearance today, and a lot more women who would be seething with jealousy. And, unfortunately for Yulia, she was one of those women.
	Even as she was dressed in the usual style that Yulia would have picked for herself, Melinda still exuded an aloof brand of grace—something that Yulia was admittedly lacking.
	And so they sat, eating the same food at the same table, but the two women were harboring very different feelings.
	All too soon the clock chimed 9 o’clock, and the couple rose from their seats. Their chauffeur had already been waiting on the driveway as they walked out of the main villa’s entrance.
	Melinda strode ahead of Jonas, opened the door to the backseat, let herself in, and then shut it behind her. She gave instructions to the chauffeur to drive off immediately, and they were roaring out of the driveway before Jonas even got close to the car.
	Jonas stared at the vehicle as it disappeared out of the gates, then shook his head and went back inside to get his car keys. Queena sighed helplessly. The husband and wife were clearly still cold to each other, as the tabloids liked to call it.
	The hotel venue was already brimming with people at this point. It wasn’t only the media; there were prominent people present as well, mostly investors of Soaring Group and other stockholders that held a vested interest in the possible outcome of this press release.
	William walked up to the podium and the buzz slowly died down. The doors at the end of the hall opened, and Jonas and Melinda entered the room hand in hand. They were a striking pair, Melinda in her stark red outfit and Jonas in an all-black, three-piece suit.
	One was bold and strong, and gave off a territorial air as they marched to the front of the room. The other was silent and low-key, but no one could mistake the massive energy that was coiled beneath the cool facade.
	Camera lights flashed furiously as they made their way to the seats facing the press. Jonas pulled Melinda’s chair out for her, and they sat down.
	No sooner had William indicated the start of the interview than they were assaulted with a barrage of questions from the reporters. Melinda had a stoic expression the whole time; her mind had long drifted off elsewhere.
	She was pulled back to her senses, however, when a reporter mentioned the photos of her and Jonas, the collection that started the "Cold War" rumor. Melinda leaned forward on her seat, tented her hands on the long table lined with microphones, and rested her chin on top of her linked fingers.
	She took a good, long look at the photos that were being shown on a white screen, which was arranged beforehand thanks to the hard work of everyone who clocked overtime, media and Soaring Group employees alike.
	Then she turned to her husband, a slight frown marring her forehead. "Those photos are very poorly taken."
	Jonas raised an eyebrow. "Yes, they really are. The person who took those photos seems to be really bad at photography."
	And so it went. For the most part, they hedged the insinuating and rude questions by downplaying the entire issue. The husband and wife even got carried away a couple of times, bickering among themselves over something that was wholly irrelevant to the matter at hand.
	As they circled yet again back to the photographs, William finally interjected and got the couple back on track. Melinda braced herself and explained everything that went on behind those photos. There were no hidden nuances to it, no glamour, and she related the events eloquently.
	The natural flow of the narrative seemed to convince a lot of people, especially since it gave a rational explanation to Jonas's actions.
	No one really believed that Jonas would go as far as fabricating the way he acted. They looked too real, and made even more real by the added detail that he was driven by his emotions.
	As the conference wrapped up, Jonas stood from his seat to address the audience as a whole. "I have been remiss in providing an explanation to the public regarding this matter.
	I apologize to all the people who found themselves inconvenienced in any way by this misgiving of mine, especially those who have always supported Soaring Group.
	Please rest assured that we will look further into this matter, and the proper steps will be employed to ensure a thorough investigation. I, Jonas Gu, promise you all that for as long as I hold the reins of Soaring Group, I will take good care of the company and strive to take it another notch higher."
	He ended his speech with a deep bow, and the room was filled with silence as his sincerity came across to everyone present. The investors and stockholders were particularly touched by his heartfelt words, as well as Melinda.
	It was safe to say that the press conference was a success, with the Gu team achieving their main purpose, and then, perhaps, some more.
	Since it looked like the Gu couple were not going to speak about anything anymore, the public relations team of the company stepped in.
	They gave a statement on the couple’s refusal to hold interviews: Jonas had wanted Melinda to recuperate peacefully and without additional stress.
	They had calculated for this response, knowing that it would give their boss the image of a caring and loving husband. The rest were minor questions, and the team had no difficulty fielding them.
	All in all it seemed like the whole scandal was a farce, having been stirred up and stoked until it was nearly uncontrollable, and yet subdued so easily with a few words. After the event, the prices for Soaring Group’s stocks rose exponentially.
	Emily had been paying attention, of course, seeing as how it was all her handicraft to begin with. It was only natural that she saw it to its end. Contrary to her expectations, however, she was faced with much disappointment.
	She did not expect Melinda to come out in the open like this, fierce and unrelenting. Emily knew she had to concede this particular battle.
	She just might bite off more than she could chew, and she decided it was better to wait out another opportunity to ruin the couple.
	It was nearly noon when the conference ended. Jonas gave orders for one of the hotel’s banquet halls to be opened and invited the investors and stockholders to stay and have lunch.
	Melinda stayed glued to his side the entire time, for fear that they might spark another bout of the "Cold War" rumors they took great pains to dispel.
	She seldom appeared in public as the Younger Madam Gu, and as such, there were many people who approached her at this rare occurrence. They praised her and fawned over her.
	They weren’t stupid; they knew they needed this woman’s good favor if they wanted to be on Jonas's good side. Melinda wasn’t stupid either; she knew that it was all empty flattery, and that they were all serving their own self-interests.
	William, on the other hand, found himself in quite a predicament. Social gatherings like this often included a lot of social drinking.
	In light of recent events, Jonas had sworn off the alcohol, and was handing William all the drinks and toasts that he had to do.
	As he dodged yet another toast, he found his wife sitting by herself on one of the tables and staring blankly at her glass of champagne. He walked to her. "Are you tired?"
	"I’m fine," she said, but Jonas knew better. Rather than exhaustion, the problem was that Melinda had never been fond of such assemblies. She hated being surrounded by manipulative people who calculated their every action to seek gain.
	Jonas turned to call for his secretary, who was in the middle of toasting yet another shareholder. "William," he waved the poor man over, and the secretary immediately put down his glass and went to heed the call of his boss.
	"Keep everybody entertained. My wife and I will be leaving." Then, without waiting for a response, Jonas took Melinda’s arm and helped her out of her seat.
	He put her coat over her shoulders, and rested his palm at her back as he ushered her out of the room.
	The banquet hall was quiet as they made their way to the exit, and they both knew that every pair of eyes was fixed on them. Their audience were, indeed, staring rather openly, startled at Jonas's little display.
	"Is it really all right for you to just leave like this?" Melinda asked him anxiously. After all, Queena had told her last night just how important it was for Jonas to gain back the trust of the investors. This should have been the perfect opportunity to do that.
	"Everything’s fine," Jonas answered casually. "William will take care of it."
	William’s worn out expression swam into Melinda’s vision then, and she felt sorry for the man. How unfortunate it must be, to have such a bully be one’s boss. But she couldn’t deny that she felt a deep relief in not having to stay there any longer.
	Their chauffeur was nowhere in sight, since they were leaving the hotel earlier that anyone anticipated.
	Melinda had no choice but join her husband in his car, and Jonas sent a text to Mary asking the older woman to prepare some of the food that his wife liked before driving them home.
	"Mellie." They had stopped at a red light. Neither had spoken since the car pulled out of the hotel grounds.
	Jonas was fidgeting on the steering wheel, his thumbs and fingers taking turns in tapping a staccato beat against the leather lining.
	"What is it?" Melinda asked, a little confused at his obvious nervousness. She leaned back on her seat wearily.
	"Can we please, please, stop being cold to each other from now on?" Jonas's voice was barely above a whisper, and it gave Melinda a startled pause. Jonas took a deep breath and continued speaking.
	"I admit that it was very childish of me to do the things that I did. I have no excuses for my behavior. It’s just that...
	It’s because I love you, and your opinion is a matter of great importance to me. I was hurt, and angry, and had no idea how to convey my feelings to you properly. I wanted to tell you so many times, but I... I just don’t know how. Every time I tried, I just messed things up. Everything’s a mess, and it’s all my fault."
Chapter 141 Checking Out The Shop
	The red light had already passed, and all of the cars on both sides of the road had started to move forward. But as if he had turned off the car's engine, Jonas's car stopped in the middle of the road.
	Jonas didn't mind all the honks that came from the cars behind him because he was stubbornly waiting for Melinda's answer.
	Melinda looked around and nudged Jonas. "Drive!" she exclaimed.
	Just when Melinda shouted, Jonas instantly moved forward. Based from past experiences, if Jonas threatened Melinda to answer while in traffic, she would definitely dislike him more.
	He had learned his lesson. Now, he had a deeper understanding of what was going on between them.
	But the green light would turn into a red light in a few moments. All the drivers on the road were eager to leave within seconds, each of them trying to be faster than the others.
	The commotion happening on the road made Melinda really frightened. She thought that at least Jonas was the first in line. She also knew that she couldn't do anything.
	When they arrived at the Gu's mansion, Mary had already prepared a meal for them. Surprised by Jonas's considerate service, Melinda recalled what he had said back when they were in the car.
	Even though Jonas wasn't good at expressing his love, he clumsily expressed it through his actions.
	'What an emotional idiot!' Melinda thought to herself. Jonas's image unconsciously changed for Melinda.
	After their lunch, Jonas didn't mention anything about going to the company. He simply followed Melinda. It made him stressed that she always appeared cold and stern.
	"Go back to work. I know what you said."
	Since she knew about it, she would give it more thought and perhaps even consider it. Melinda gave him the answer he was asking about. When Jonas was thinking about what to do next, his phone vibrated in his pocket.
	It was Emily. The atmosphere suddenly became tense the moment Emily's name was brought up.
	As Jonas's eyes flickered, Jonas answered the call and put it on speakers.
	"Jonas, there's a ball the day after tomorrow. I was wondering if you'd go with me," Emily said over the phone.
	Emily's voice, and especially what she had just said, sent chills to Melinda.
	"I'm busy," Jonas refused.
	He knew that in order for Melinda to forgive him, the first thing he needed to do was to keep distance from Emily.
	But Melinda was too suspicious. Even though Jonas blatantly declined the date with Emily, she still had doubts.
	'What if I'm not here? Would Jonas agree?' Melinda thought. She felt too uncomfortable thinking about this, and decided to ignore him and watch a movie instead.
	In the next few days, Jonas made sure he had some spare time to be with Melinda. He wanted to prove that what he said was true. He tried to put his words into action in order to show how serious he was.
	As he showed his love every day, Melinda's heart gradually softened. They were not as cold as before.
	But Yulia was really anxious to witness all of these.
	If they really got along with each other, would it mean that Melinda would never leave?
	Yulia was blank with ideas. When everyone was in an emotion-fueled trance, she called Emily.
	Now she had two phones, and one was for contacting Emily.
	Emily wasn't exactly in a good place right now. Because Jonas declined her invitation, she felt so rejected. It had gotten so pitiful that sometimes she even contacted Jonas through William.
	She had a bad feeling about his attitude, and she knew that she couldn't ask about it outright.
	At this moment, Yulia was finally calling her.
	"What's going on with Jonas and that bitch? He is completely ignoring my calls recently," Emily immediately asked as soon as she picked the phone up.
	She was so angry that she was grinding her teeth. Melinda, for Emily, was a real enemy.
	"She is very pleased with herself now. After the press conference that day, I have no idea what happened between her and my brother. They seem to have made up."
	Thinking about what was happening recently, Yulia felt that she was relieving the day of the press conference. While she had the guts to monitor Melinda, she didn't dare to keep an eye on what Jonas had done.
	She knew that Melinda and Jonas eased their relationship a lot, but she didn't know how it came about.
	"This time, it's my fault. But I can't let her become so arrogant."
	Emily brushed her fingers across a pile of magazines while she spoke. The magazines were all reports on the news about Jonas and Melinda. She had spent the last two days reading these magazines.
	Some of the reports were even outrageous, claiming that Melinda's physical discomfort was a result of pregnancy and undernourishment.
	"Please think of a way to help me. My brother really loves her."
	Emily had been planning it all along. All Yulia could do was cooperate.
	She was expecting that Emily would come up with a good idea. Her plans were not bad after all, and it almost always made Jonas and Melinda's relationship awkward. She didn't understand why they returned to loving each other like that in just one night.
	"Let me think about it."
	Emily was accustomed to Yulia's stupidity. All kinds of schemes popped up in her head. She really wanted to come up with a good idea.
	She had played a role in a lot of love dramas. She knew about all the twists and turns within a plot, and she was definitely familiar with different kinds of schemes that could destroy a relationship.
	"Find a way to ask Melinda out. And then, I'll take the chance."
	Knowing clearly that Yulia was doomed to be useless in the plan, she felt disappointed that she had no chance to go through with the plan, especially since Melinda was staying at home all the time.
	"Is that all?" Yulia asked.
	She also wondered why it took Emily so long to come up with such a simple plan.
	"Don't worry. I'll make an appointment with your brother. You just need to give me an address. Then, arrange an accident for us. Maybe we can create some kind of misunderstanding."
	Melinda and Jonas's vulnerability was love. After all, it was already on thin ice.
	"I will send you a text message soon."
	Yulia immediately hung up and hid the phone in the cabinet as soon as she heard footsteps outside the door.
	The knock only came from the servant, reminding her that lunch was already served.
	Yulia was almost in a cold sweat, but soon enough, she came back to her senses.
	After going downstairs, Yulia saw that Jonas came back home for lunch. Melinda was with him. Even though they still had cold faces, Jonas's eyes turned warm whenever he looked at Melinda.
	Jonas picked up Melinda's lunch for her. He even carefully picked out the food that she liked in her bowl, and the ones she didn't like in his bowl.
	It was lunch time, but they didn't even wait for Yulia to show up. This made her even more jealous.
	If it was Melinda who didn't show up, the whole table would have been forced to wait for her.
	She was getting really embarrassed in front of the Gu family. She sat down at the far left seat, next to Queena.
	No one spoke while eating. It was often like this—a very quiet dining table.
	Yulia had no appetite for lunch. Her eyes couldn't help but wander towards Melinda's direction. Most of the food in her bowl was picked up by Jonas.
	Melinda looked so elegant while she ate.
	Yulia couldn't help but sneer.
	Melinda seemed helpless whenever Jonas picked up food for her. How could Jonas express his good ways in such a clumsy way?
	"I'm full," Melinda whispered to Jonas.
	She didn't eat much at all. She only ate the food Jonas picked for her out of courtesy. Melinda was in such a deep dilemma.
	"But, you're too thin," Jonas said with a frown.
	He was like a parent scolding a child who was being picky with her food. Melinda felt amused. She took some food from her bowl and put it into his.
	Jonas didn't answer. Melinda just picked it up and fed it to him. This time, it was him who couldn't refuse.
	In Yulia's eyes, Melinda and Jonas's intimacy was disgusting. Melinda was such a shameless person for doing that.
	It seemed that Yulia was being too tough and obsessed with everything about Melinda.
	By the time everyone had finished eating, Yulia thought it was time to carry on with Emily's plan. She took the initiative to sit beside Melinda.
	But Melinda quietly moved her seat away from Yulia.
	"Melinda, I was thinking about checking out my shop. Will you go with me?" Yulia politely asked.
	She took the dessert fruit from the servant and put it on top of the table. Melinda couldn't turn down Yulia in front of so many people.
	"Your shop?" Melinda asked, confused,
	'When did she open a shop? And does it stay open?' she wondered.
	Everyone in the Gu family knew that Yulia was useless and incompetent. Opening a shop only served as a hobby, something just for fun, for Yulia.
	"Yes. Just a few days ago, actually. I have been looking around the market recently. I just want to have a look," Yulia said.
	The shop was initiated by Yulia and Emily. Indeed, Emily had a lot of bright ideas. She even managed it well with Yulia.
	"Okay. I'll just take a nap first."
	She couldn't refuse. Jonas glared at Yulia.
	Did she know how difficult it was for him to ask Melinda out? But with Yulia, she instantly agreed.
	Jonas's stare was so sharp that cold sweats started to break out Yulia's back.
	Yulia's shop was a small luxury shop. It was poorly run. The shop assistants were all lazy. The decoration also made Melinda frown.
	It was too dark.
	"Melinda, what do you think of this place?" Yulia seemed very pleased with her own shop. She had no idea that Melinda was already judging the place in her mind.
	"It is fine."
	If it was someone else, Melinda would definitely tell the truth. But because it was Yulia, she said nothing.
	"It took me a long time to find this shop..." Yulia spouted.
	Although she had been told that they were here to check it out, Yulia had gone too far.
	"Melinda, I'd like to buy you a cup of coffee," Yulia offered.
	She was glancing at her phone.
	"What?"
	'I thought we were only checking out the shop?' she thought. They had been in the shop for quite some time already.
	"There is an afternoon tea house nearby. It tastes great. You should try it."
	Yulia carried on with the afternoon tea as she pretended that she didn't know why Melinda was confused.
Chapter 142 Meeting In The Cafe
	Melinda followed Yulia to the coffee shop she was talking about.
	The shopping mall was filled with so many people. The coffee shop was on the first floor, right next to the supermarket.
	The bustling crowd caused Melinda a little discomfort. Meanwhile, Yulia was looking around and searching for something.
	At the coffee shop, Emily and Jonas were sitting opposite to each other, even though none of them spoke to each other.
	"Jonas, have you been busy lately?" Emily asked as she stirred her coffee.
	She was constantly looking down, as if she had no courage to look up to the man sitting opposite to her.
	Jonas, as usual, was wearing a suit. This time, however, he didn't wear a tie and combed up his fringe on his forehead.
	"Yes," Jonas answered.
	There was nothing in front of Jonas because he didn't want to waste too much time here.
	The only reason why he was here today was that Emily told her that she wanted to take out the token they talked about during their childhood.
	Since the "token" was important, Jonas had to accept it. But even after staying there for a long time, Emily hadn't bring the token out yet.
	"Excuse me, I have to go to the washroom," Emily said.
	Emily couldn't handle any more of Jonas's skeptical looks. She simply made up an excuse and left.
	The coffee shop looked very simple. It had no washroom, so she had to go to the mall's washroom. She also needed to wear a pair of big glasses and a hat so that she wouldn't be recognized.
	Although many people didn't recognize her, Melinda recognized Emily's figure.
	Melinda's face crumpled into a frown. She had a feeling that something bad would happen when she saw Emily.
	"Melinda, what are you looking at? The coffee shop is over there," Yulia said, waving her hands in front of Melinda's eyes. Then, she followed the direction where Melinda's eyes were looking. It was Emily. She pretended to be surprised and asked Melinda, "Is that Emily?"
	She instantly covered her mouth as soon as she finished speaking. After all, Emily was a little famous.
	As expected, people began to look around.
	"Let's go."
	At this moment, Melinda calmed down and went towards the coffee shop. The coffee shop was busy at this time. Most of the seats were already taken.
	It was so noise that nothing else could be heard. A loud surrounding in a supposedly quiet place was very irritating.
	The boss was going to cry if ever the coffee shop got really quiet.
	Melinda actually didn't notice that Jonas was there when she entered. The coffee shop had many entrances. Two of those entrances were diagonally opposite to each other.
	Yulia, on the other hand, was looking around. Soon enough, she found Jonas.
	She got another message from Emily.
	"Melinda has seen you," Yulia texted back to Emily.
	She quickly put her phone away. When Emily received the text, she immediately walked towards the coffee shop.
	Emily believed that Melinda's hatred for her couldn't be changed. Seeing that Emily was headed towards the coffee shop they were in, Melinda suddenly became alert.
	She fixed her gaze at Emily.
	Jonas was focusing on his work while he was alone in the coffee shop. After Emily left him there, all he had been doing was finishing documents on his mobile phone.
	As Emily slowly approached Jonas, she suddenly lost her balance and embarrassingly fell to the ground. She even bumped into a waiter who was passing by.
	"Ah!" Emily cried out.
	The waiter was shocked. Melinda, who was still staring at Emily, was also shocked when she saw Emily suddenly fall like that.
	But when the familiar figure appeared in her sight, her heart suddenly became cold.
	It seemed that she was hearing a thousand taunts again.
	'Look, you are too serious. It's just another joke.'
	Jonas looked up and saw Emily on ground not far away from him. The waiter stood there at a loss and didn't even bother to help Emily up.
	A pair of handsome black leather shoes appeared in Emily's sight. Emily could see her own shadow projected on the ground under the warm lights of the coffee shop.
	"Jonas," Emily cried out in grievance.
	'Emily is a public figure. I'd better help her up,' Jonas thought. He was a little upset and had a frown on his face.
	He slowly squatted down. He held Emily up, but he still kept his distance from her.
	Emily turned her head and looked at the direction where Melinda was. Not far from Emily and Jonas, Melinda was staring at the both of them with a sour expression on her face. She was clearly baffled with everything that was happening.
	Emily quickly put her hands around Jonas's neck and kissed him while he was caught off guard.
	Melinda's eyes widened in shock. Tears instantly welled up in her eyes. Even though she tried to endure looking at the scene, she couldn't help but look away.
	Jonas's kiss was as cold as it was expected. Before Emily could make another scene, Jonas violently pushed her aside.
	He looked at her in disgust and wiped his lips with his hand. Emily's heart sank, and the first thing she did was look for Melinda. But she had turned his head away.
	That meant that Emily got what she wanted.
	"Jonas, I'm sorry," Emily softly said.
	She stood up and found that she sprained an ankle.
	Nothing could possibly make Jonas forgive Emily. He just stood there with an intimidating posture.
	Unfortunately for Emily, Jonas could never like a person like her.
	Still feeling regretful, Emily held the seat beside her and limped.
	"Jonas, I know you're going to cut me off for Melinda's sake," Emily said to pity herself even more. She just couldn't accept the fact that Jonas didn't like her.
	She knew she couldn't give up. After all, she once had him.
	"I'm sorry. I just couldn't help it," Emily said.
	Then she took out the token from her bag and put it on top of the table while she looked at Jonas with deep affection.
	"Here you go. From now on, I won't bother you ever again," Emily said.
	She quietly watched the people coming in and out of the coffee shop.
	Meanwhile, Melinda was sitting in another corner inside the coffee shop. Her coffee had already cooled down. Sitting opposite to her was Yulia, who was pleased to see that Melinda was at a loss.
	"Melinda, are you okay?" Yulia asked.
	Melinda just stared at her cup.
	Every time she closed her eyes, the image of Emily kissing Jonas kept on flashing in her mind.
	What a wonderful match! But one of them was her husband, the one who said that he loved her a few days back.
	Life really did pull tricks on you.
	"Melinda, don't be like this," Yulia comforted.
	She reached out and shook Melinda's arm, trying to talk her out of her misery. But the concern on Yulia's face looked really fake.
	"Melinda?" Yulia called again.
	Melinda blinked and looked at her with confusion. It was a long time before she could reply to Yulia with a simple "Hmm."
	"Were those my brother and Emily?"
	Yulia tried to act as confused as possible.
	She was a little stunned because Emily had made such a big trick.
	"Yes," Melinda softly answered.
	She was starting to come back to her senses. Like her current mood, the coffee she just sipped was really bitter.
	A sudden change of heart made Melinda realize that she liked the bitter taste.
	"Is that really my brother? Now, he has gone too far. How could he do this? Melinda, we should find him now," Yulia complained.
	But beneath her concern was a fraudulent face. Whatever happened or whoever those people were, Melinda was already mad.
	"No, thanks," Melinda said.
	'There's no need,' she thought to herself. She didn't want to accept Yulia's support for her relationship with Jonas.
	Her castle had already collapsed. Those built projects were all temporary and one-offs. It would easily collapse with the slightest touch.
	"Melinda, are you going to just let this happen? Don't worry. Grandpa and Aunt Queena will help you. It's all my brother's fault."
	Yulia knew that Melinda's choice was to let it go. But she still attempted to encourage her.
	She was really looking forward to the three of them confronting each other.
	But this wouldn't happen, not at this time, and especially since Melinda didn't want to anymore.
	"No, thanks," Melinda said again.
	She continued to refuse everything Yulia was offering. She wasn't sure if she had the courage to face all of this head on. Her heart had been shattered into pieces.
	Melinda initially thought that her heart wouldn't hurt anymore. But it turned out that she had underestimated her feelings for Jonas.
	That kinds of love was so deep that it couldn't withstand any kind of pain.
	Yulia had been accompanying Melinda all the time, seeing her drink up the bitter coffee, sitting silently, and looking like she was dazed. The happiness in Yulia's heart seemed to have vanished.
	She didn't know what kinds of love Melinda had for Jonas.
	Yulia seemed to have no such kind of feeling.
	Suddenly, Yulia noticed Jonas leave through the opposite exit. He had a faint smile at the corner of his mouth as if he knew nothing about what had just happened.
	It didn't even cross his mind that Melinda saw everything.
	After Jonas, Emily also left. She was still wearing a pair of big glasses and a hat. Discreetly, she looked at Yulia and Melinda's direction.
	Melinda was blocked by some furniture, and Emily saw Yulia, who was secretly gesturing the victory sign towards her.
Chapter 143 Useless Explanations
	"Yulia, I’m not feeling well." Melinda’s tone was cold. "I’m afraid I can’t accompany you any further."
	Yulia knew the reason, of course. She didn’t really need Melinda’s help anyway.
	Her purpose was an entirely different matter, and she had accomplished that already.
	She didn’t protest, but she could see that the encounter had a physical effect on the other woman.
	If they came back to mansion and the rest of the family saw the state Melinda was in, they would no doubt blame it on Yulia. "Let me take you back home."
	"There’s no need for that," Melinda’s reply was swift. "You need to continue checking out your shop."
	She needed a moment of peace. The bustle of the city was giving her a headache, and she was feeling close to suffocating.
	She wanted to explode.
	Yulia bit her lip and examined the situation. Her main concern was the certainty that Nelson and Queena would think she had done something to Melinda if she returned like this. She couldn’t let that happen.
	"No, it would be better if I stayed with you," she tried again, her intent genuine this time, albeit somehow two-faced.
	It gave Melinda pause. ‘It looks like Yulia really cares about me,’ she mused.
	But she had suffered enough in the hands of this girl to let herself be fooled over repeatedly. ‘She’s only putting up appearances.’
	"I want to be left alone," she told Yulia firmly. The younger girl was too embarrassed to insist any further after such an absolute denial, so she said nothing. Melinda walked away and Yulia let her.
	As she passed by the spot where she saw her husband and another woman earlier, Melinda was assaulted by the pungent smell of tobacco and the cloying scent of Emily’s perfume.
	The pounding on her temples grew stronger. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath.
	When she opened her eyes again, she raised her chin, and walked to the parking lot with her head held high.
	As soon as she was seated inside her car, however, her facade cracked, and the dam broke. She hunched over the steering wheel and sobbed quietly.
	How many times had she told herself that her husband was never worth crying her heart out? Countless times. Too many times.
	And yet there she was, her tears falling uncontrollably as she let her heart be wrenched and gutted yet again.
	She allowed herself a good cry, and it took her the better part of the hour before the tears subsided.
	The seat beside her was littered with dirty tissues, and the tissue box on her dashboard was almost empty.
	She pulled out a couple more sheets, and took a final dab at her eyes. They felt swollen and puffy, and they no doubt looked just how they felt.
	She glanced at her reflection on the rearview mirror, and could see that her cheeks were red as well.
	She took a sip of water from the tumbler she always packed in her car, and then rummaged for her makeup kit. After a couple of beats, she realized she hadn’t brought it with her, which was a total bummer.
	If she came home looking like this, Grandpa Nelson would definitely question her. She really didn’t have any more energy for confrontations and explanations.
	Still, there was nothing to do about it, so despite her worry, she started her engine and made the long drive home.
	Thankfully, the living room was empty when she arrived. She sped up the stairs, locked the bedroom door behind her, and then headed to the shower to clean herself up.
	When she came out, her phone was vibrating rather insistently on the table. She picked it up, and froze as she saw her husband’s name on the screen.
	She steeled herself, and took a long, calming breath.
	Jonas had been calling Melinda in what felt like forever. He had dialed her number several times already, but he never got through to her.
	An anxious dread came over him. He remembered that his wife was supposed to be out with his sister that afternoon.
	He was contemplating on dialing Yulia’s number next when his ongoing call was finally answered.
	"Hello." Melinda’s voice was a little hoarse from all her crying, but in his relief, Jonas wasn’t able to notice that detail.
	He sighed gratefully to the phone. "I’ve been calling you so many times, why did it take you so long to answer?"
	It was a fair enough question, but Melinda was feeling a tad too sensitive at the moment. And in light of her witnessing one of her husband’s adulterous deeds, she naturally harbored an animosity towards him.
	"Do I need to have my eyes glued to the phone all the time, and my time so free and flexible that I have to answer it every time it rings?" There was a wealth of sarcasm in her tone, and Jonas did not miss it.
	It was at this moment that he realized something was wrong. Very wrong.
	"That’s not what I meant at all," he said carefully. "Is everything all right, Mellie? Are you unwell?" His mind was already racing with the possibilities. ‘What happened? Wasn’t she all right this morning? Did something happen when she went out with Yulia?’ His eyes narrowed dangerously.
	"No, I’m fine." Melinda’s voice was weary and cold. She sounded as if the past few days they shared in bliss didn’t happen at all.
	Something had changed. Jonas's worry grew. He scrambled for something to say. "Mellie, I... I’ve made a clean break with Emily earlier today."
	To his memory, every time his wife was upset, it always had something to do with the actress. Perhaps such was the case now. He'd better go ahead and say it outright.
	It had been part of the reasons he had been trying to reach his wife in the first place anyway. He had considered it quite an achievement for himself, and couldn’t wait to share it with Melinda.
	If they had been talking face to face, Jonas would have known what an utterly terrible idea it was. It was exactly the wrong thing to say at the moment. If Melinda were with him now, he would have shivered at the chilly expression on his wife’s face.
	"Is that supposed to mean anything?" she shot back over the phone. ‘So a so-called clean break now constitutes a kiss between lovers?’
	She recognized the beat of confused silence over the line, but before Jonas could say anything more, she ended the call.
	After everything, Jonas was still lying to her face. To say she was disappointed would be a great understatement.
	And yet... it shouldn’t have been. She had been in this situation more times than she cared to count. It had become a cycle, and she had always submitted herself to it, never once breaking from it with a firm resolve.
	Until now. Truthfully, Melinda no longer saw the point in hanging on to Jonas any longer. The point had flown out the window a long time ago.
	There was nothing left to do but to break everything off with him.
	Seated at his desk in his office and still holding the phone, Jonas came to the unmistakable truth that his marriage was once again falling apart.
	He wasn’t entirely sure what to do, but he knew he had to see his wife immediately. He made a grab for his car keys and strode out the door.
	William had just entered the reception area with a pile of documents in his arms, meant to be delivered to his boss’ table, when he saw the man himself all but sprint towards the elevator.
	Jonas was wearing a dark scowl, and his secretary could only stare as the elevator doors closed.
	What could have possibly happened? His boss had been pleased and rather cheerful only moments ago.
	The drive between Soaring Group offices and the Gu's mansion usually took one hour, but Jonas managed to cut it into half.
	It was only mid-afternoon, so everyone at the residence was surprised when he burst into the foyer.
	Yulia had just come back herself, and was in the living room being served some snacks by Gavin. She had mixed feelings about having to face his brother at the moment.
	She knew what she had done, and she could not help the terror she felt at the prospect of Jonas finding out.
	On the other hand, she wanted to see her scheme to the end, and wanted to be present to deal the final blow if necessary.
	She averted her eyes from her frantic brother’s direction, and her quiet guilt became useful in doubling as innocence to the incident she had plotted with Emily.
	"Where is my wife?" Jonas demanded, his face flushed, his breathing labored.
	"The young madam..." Gavin drifted off as he looked to Yulia. He knew the two women went out earlier, but what was with this recent development?
	Jonas's gaze darted towards Yulia as well, and she knew he was about to accuse her of some thing or other about Melinda. She beat him to it.
	"Jonas, you’ve really gone too far today!" she spat at her brother. Everyone, including the servants who were quietly minding their tasks nearby, paused and stared at her in confusion.
	Jonas narrowed his eyes, his expression darkening. "What the hell are you talking about?" he bit out.
	Yulia felt a chill travel up her spine, but she gritted her teeth. "We know you met with Emily earlier."
	A look of mildly terrified shock passed over Jonas's face.
	"We saw the two of you kissing!" There was a wealth of resentment in her voice, which was genuine, but was rooted on wholly different reasons from what she was implying.
	The air crackled with tension, and nobody spoke.
	The servants’ eyes were darting back and forth among each other.
	Gavin’s hands clenched into fists, and he closed his eyes, wishing he saw nothing and heard nothing.
	In the next moment, Jonas was sprinting up the stairs. If Yulia was telling the truth, then it would explain his wife’s cold treatment over the phone.
	Fearing the worst, he rushed inside their bedroom.
	Melinda was on her desk, staring blankly at her laptop screen. She was so quiet, and so still, save for the even rise and fall of her shoulders as she breathed.
	Her sobriety infected Jonas to a degree, and his step was cautious as he walked to her.
	"Mellie," he said, and his voice shook. He realized he was truly terrified, although of what, he wasn’t in a clear state of mind to ascertain.
	He had never been so frightened in his life before, but he seemed to always be these days when it concerned Melinda.
	He had always considered such emotions unnecessary and worthless, and he hated being under their power. But he was finding himself continuously and increasingly subjected to their ploy.
	And while he didn’t like it, he couldn’t deny to himself that he would willingly succumb to them if it was for Melinda.
	His wife finally looked at him, her face still devoid of expression. Even her eyes seemed to have lost their depths, and Jonas felt his fear claw at his throat.
	For a split second he wished she would lash out at him, yell and shout, maybe throw a few things, or even hit him. But she remained silent and reserved, and Jonas hated it.
	In recent days, he had grown to know her a little bit more, and so was aware that the calmer Melinda was, the deeper her emotions ran.
	She would be so far below now, and well beyond his reach.
	She had always been like this, and he had realized later on, regardless of whether the matter at hand was a truth or a misunderstanding. But she had always given him another chance, even in the rare occasions when it was no misunderstanding at all, when he had purposely hurt her.
	This time around, it was an utter and absolute misunderstanding, and he needed to set things straight before it was too late.
	"Mellie, I can explain everything that happened today." The desperation in his voice rang out into the room. He was on the verge of panic.
	"I’ve had enough of your explanations," his wife said to him. Her expression finally changed... to self-deprecation. "I’ve had too much, I think." What was the use in hearing another one, Melinda thought. They were all lies woven to create a tapestry of illusions that Jonas would eventually disprove sooner or later. Again.
	"It really isn’t what you think," Jonas spoke hurriedly. "I met with Emily to get rid of the token of our childhood—"
	"A token?" Melinda scoffed, interrupting him. "Now I really am quite curious. It seems like you really have a lot between you two, don’t you?"
	He realized he had lost all credibility in his wife’s eyes. His heart clamored to make her understand that it was all a mistake, but his head could not wrap around the idea of Melinda’s unwavering rejection.
	He could not think of anything to say to salvage the situation. "It’s not what you think. It really was an accident..." "You must really take me for a fool, dear husband. How many accidents are you going to have with Emily? There’s been so much already, you might as well wear a sign around your neck." Melinda was tired. So, so tired. Her husband had betrayed her again. The scene of him kissing Emily replayed in her head, and a pain shot through her heart.
	She immediately closed the door of her emotions. She would no longer put up with any of it. That would only be adding insult yet again to injury. And she had been injured and insulted dozens of times already.
	This room was suffocating. Jonas was suffocating. Melinda could no longer bear to be in such proximity to him. She rose from her seat and walked to the door, but he grabbed her arm as she tried to go past him.
	There was a desperate plea in his eyes. "Mellie, it really is a misunderstanding. Please, believe me, and let me explain. Trust me."
Chapter 144 Infidelity
	"I don't believe you," Melinda spat out.
	It was hard to imagine that she had said those words to the one she deeply loved.
	Jonas lost all his strength from Melinda's shocking words. She pushed Jonas away and walked away from him as he stared blankly at her direction.
	Countless scenes had already happened between the two of them, but each of those times, it was him who was the one who first left. But at this moment, Jonas felt the same feeling Melinda felt when her heart was gripped by sadness.
	"Jonas, there's nothing left to talk about. That's it. I've had enough," Melinda said.
	Her voice was still soft, but the tone was very strong. Her words reflected how their relationship was really hard to maintain.
	She was too tired.
	Melinda wanted to move back to the small villa, but Nelson and Queena stopped her. "There's no reason for you to break up. You're just angry. Just let him sleep in the study. But, you can't move back."
	Nelson didn't really care that the two were fighting again. He just wanted to prevent her from moving back. Melinda didn't want to tell them the real reason why she wanted to move back because she thought that Nelson and Queena might worry too much. She had to give up.
	But it was obvious that Melinda and Jonas couldn't get along well.
	The atmosphere during dinner was awkward. Yulia didn't dare to tell Nelson about anything.
	Jonas looked at her with his cold eyes. His look was too cold and too strong.
	Also, Melinda's attitude really irritated Jonas. No matter what he said, she wouldn't believe him. He pushed Emily away as soon as possible. Why didn't Melinda see that?
	Sometimes, fate was really good at playing jokes. When Melinda saw Emily kiss Jonas, she didn't even bother to look at it longer.
	One could say that women knew other women very well. Indeed, Emily expected Melinda to look away.
	The two of them fell into a cold fight once again, and it was all because of Melinda's own ignorance. She didn't listen to anything Jonas was trying to say.
	As they were about to sleep, Melinda went to the guest bedroom and left Jonas alone in their bedroom. Alone, Jonas tossed and turned, unable to fall asleep without Melinda.
	Thinking of the misunderstanding was made by another person, Jonas picked up his phone and dialed Emily's number. Emily answered it in a second, full of excitement in her voice. "Jonas."
	Emily couldn't believe that Jonas contacted her. But she didn't know that what Jonas would say would truly disappoint her.
	"I think Melinda misunderstood everything that happened earlier today. It's you who's responsible for everything! You have to explain everything to her and clear the misunderstanding," Jonas said.
	Emily wouldn't dare to refuse Jonas's request. His words were too cruel for Emily to hear.
	She never thought that Jonas could be so cruel, even though he was being kind.
	Emily was silent for a long time. "I'm sorry. It was my fault. I didn't expect that to happen. Trust me, I really want to explain everything to her, but I'm not in A City. I'm in a shoot and I can't go back right now," Emily said.
	The truth was she was in A City. She quickly told her agent to contact the crew and accept the script that she had just pushed.
	The role was casually added to the movie's plot. It wasn't a main role nor a supporting role, and of course, Emily didn't want to accept this.
	Her reputation would certainly cause the people to claim that she only acted for a friendship if she acted well. But if she acted badly, she would certainly make a fool of herself.
	When Jonas heard Emily's excuses, he quickly hung up the phone. He was becoming too agitated, wondering why everything that had been happening was all bad news.
	Emily's eyes were full of disappointment when the phone was hung up. But she immediately turned her bitter face with a smile of mockery. She knew that a big fight happened between Melinda and Jonas.
	Jonas couldn't help but feel anxious. He didn't even wanted Emily to explain it to Melinda, but he had no choice.
	Bang! Jonas smashed his phone onto the wall. He pulled his hair until his scalp turned numb.
	The commotion happening in Jonas's room shocked Melinda. She heard everything—poundings of the wall and things being kicked on the ground.
	She knew that all the noise was just Jonas throwing tantrums. Melinda smiled and leaned against the bed, acting as if nothing happened. Her mood was lightened by a document she saw in her laptop.
	The title was quite eye-catching.
	A divorce agreement!
	Melinda had already forgotten why she came back to the Gu family.
	She didn't want to continue living like this. All she thought about was leaving.
	But she wasn't strong enough. She thought about how leaving would certainly interfere with everyone's future.
	Marriage and chasing love were like child's play. Marriage, divorce, and re-marrying were hovering in her mind.
	The divorce agreement was the same as the last one, and she would still choose to leave without taking a single penny from this family.
	She immediately sent the document to the lawyer in her studio. The lawyer was in charge of the novel area, and he had to ask a friend who was a divorce lawyer. Then they helped Melinda polish it out.
	In the study room, Melinda printed the documents in two parts and signed her name on them.
	She left the documents on the desk for Jonas to see.
	Melinda didn't even want to hand them personally to Jonas. Jonas would certainly see the documents if she left the documents in the study.
	Sure enough, Jonas came to the study not long after Melinda left. He had a lot of things to deal with every day. Since he couldn't finish all of them in the company, he would continue working in the study.
	As soon as he walked into the study, he saw the conspicuous documents on the desk. He could feel the heat on the freshly-printed papers.
	The documents felt as if it were burning.
	When he saw what the papers were, he dropped them. But he still opened the documents. Seeing that Melinda had already signed them, he was in deep shock.
	Melinda's handwriting looked graceful. After publishing several books, she had to sign many of them. Usually her signature was simple, only having a few strokes. But in this document, her signature looked firm.
	Jonas held on the documents tightly. He finally loosened his grip on the papers and threw them in the paper crumbling machine. In an instant, the documents that Melinda signed had become no more than scraps of paper.
	Jonas picked up the scraps and angrily threw them on the desk. He was in no mood to deal with things like those.
	The next day, Melinda went to the study early in the morning to look for the divorce papers. All she saw were a pile of shredded papers. While she was trying to understand what happened to the documents, a strong aura approached her from behind.
	It was Jonas. He stood there with a sullen expression on his face. There was a stubble on his face and his eyes were bloodshot red. He obviously didn't sleep well last night.
	"Melinda, it's impossible for us to get divorce. Don't even think about it," Jonas said.
	Jonas had thought about this for the whole night. He didn't want Melinda and him to get a divorce, even if she insisted on it. He wanted to tie her up with a certificate, even though he knew it was possible that they would be fighting all their lives.
	"Jonas, is our life really meaningful?" Melinda asked with a cold smile.
	She rolled the pieces of paper into a ball and threw it over at Jonas. Then a sense of powerlessness swept over her.
	"Why don't you trust me?" Jonas said.
	Jonas stared closely at Melinda with his red eyes. Melinda was startled to see that Jonas really looked destroyed.
	"There is nothing to trust anymore," Melinda indifferently said.
	She turned around and left him there, not even wanting to print more divorce papers. The two of them looked very childish.
	Jonas watched Melinda as she left. The expression in his eyes couldn't even be painted. After that, he went to the bedroom, washed up, and changed his clothes.
	When he saw the divorce agreement on the desk last night, he thought that Melinda didn't want to see him. So he stayed there and waited.
	In the dining room downstairs, Yulia was already there, sitting at the table. Yulia rarely woke up early. She was simply waiting to witness the fun. However, Melinda said she had something to do and left without even eating breakfast.
	When Jonas went downstairs, he was eager to see Melinda but she wasn't there. She avoided him, even if it meant being rude.
	Within the next few days, Nelson found out that there was something wrong. Melinda and Jonas's relationship had gotten worse. Three days had already passed and it seemed that it was going nowhere.
	Nelson couldn't help but interrupt Melinda when she was about to leave the dining room again.
	"Mellie, aren't you going to tell Grandpa about what happened between you and Jonas?" Nelson wanted to know the reason behind their fight. He thought that if he knew the reason, he could take some actions.
	If he didn't know the reason for their fight, he wouldn't know how to fix it. Based on his observation, he was sure that all of it was Jonas's fault.
	Melinda had been the one refusing to fix the relationship. She even avoided Jonas.
	Melinda was too embarrassed to tell Nelson the reason. She didn't want to worry about him either. She just didn't want to talk to anyone about it.
	"Mellie, don't you trust me anymore? You don't tell me anything about yourself anymore. Maybe, I am too old to help," Nelson said.
	He tried to be as intimidating as possible, and Melinda fell for it. Nelson had served in the army before, so he knew how to bluff.
	Talking to Nelson made Melinda remember her own grandfather. A feeling of grievance crept up in her heart.
	"Jonas betrayed me. He had an affair with Emily," Melinda stammered.
	She managed to be calm, but her voice couldn't help but tremble. Nelson's eyes widened in shock. He almost failed to catch his breath.
	His crutch fell to the ground.
	"That bastard! I've told him countless times that Emily is a bad person. I asked him to stay away from her. But it seems that he is still pestering her. I'll beat him to death today!"
	It took Nelson a long time to recover. He was so angry that he almost fainted. At that moment, Jonas went downstairs. When Nelson saw Jonas, he picked his crutch up and hit him really hard.
	He was as cold as ice.
	"You bastard! You have to learn how to act towards woman! You promised me that you would take good care of Melinda, but still, you chose to tangle with that Emily. You're a really stubborn man, aren't you?"
Chapter 145 Emboldening Himself With Alcohol
	Nelson was so angry that he no longer used his usual grandfatherly tone; instead his language was peppered with all kinds of swear words that no one expected he actually knew as he continued to beat his grandson. It seemed like he had gained herculean strength and despite having been at it for a while now, he was showing no signs of fatigue or stopping anytime soon. At the sound of each crutch falling on Jonas's body, Melinda felt a bust of pain as if she was the one receiving a beating.
	She wanted to stop Nelson, but couldn't come up with a viable strategy since his beatings were very arbitrary so there was no way she could step in without getting hurt.
	Yulia's face was a clear reflection of Melinda's pain because she was also pale with fright. In the end, it was Queena who mastered up enough courage to stop Nelson.
	Otherwise, Melinda had no doubt that Nelson would have sent Jonas to the hospital with the excessive beating if his mother had not come to his rescue.
	Despite having stopped hitting Jonas, Nelson was still angry and he was gasping for air like a bull ready to attack its opponent. He threw a disgusted look at Jonas who was looking contrite and embarrassed, and then looked away in disappointment.
	'What have I done to deserve such a scoundrel for a grandson?'
	He was too ashamed to see Leonard in the future.
	Melinda took the medicine from Gavin and gave some to Nelson. After a few minutes of taking the medicine, Nelson calmed down significantly and went back to breathing normally. Queena hurriedly went to find an ointment for pain relief and open wounds and applied some of the medicine all over Jonas's body.
	Everyone's temper in the family was all over the place. Melinda rubbed her temples as she felt a distant persistent throbbing headache. As soon as Jonas's wounds were treated, he left the mansion despite Queena's loud protests and drove off.
	Jonas drove around for a while without a specific destination in mind and finally decided to park his car outside a bar near his former university.
	The bar had changed a lot compared to when he had last visited. Jonas took a seat at the counter since he didn't feel like interacting with the other revelers. The bartender that he knew had left a long time ago and was replaced by a young university student doing part-time work.
	Jonas checked the menu and ordered two kinds of random wine and drank them within a short while, he didn't really care what he was ingesting as long as it was alcohol. One glass after another he downed the throat burning drinks before slowing down after a while. He recalled that he had decided to reduce his alcohol intake for Melinda's sake some time back. He felt ridiculous.
	Yes, ridiculous was the right word. Their relationship had always been ridiculous from the beginning to the end. It was always like a roller coaster ride—one time they were okay but the next they were not.
	"Why are you here getting drunk again?"
	Jonas was so engrossed in drowning his sorrows that he didn't realize someone was talking to him. He continued drinking, until the man took one of the glasses full of alcohol that he had subconsciously lined up on the counter.
	"Oh great! It's you again. What do you want?"
	Jonas spat as he downed another glass of potent wine. The man clicked his tongue and said something to the bartender. Then he put his hand on Jonas's shoulder and nudged him to move before guiding him upstairs to the private room he had just booked.
	"You seem to be in a bad mood?" Compared to the open space downstairs, the private rooms on the second floor were relatively quiet and more private, hidden from the prying eyes of curious bystanders. Although it was daytime, the place was still packed with enthusiastic university students trying to have a good time.
	"Yes I am. How about you, what's your excuse for being here? Why are you always here?"
	There was no wine on the table, so Jonas lit a cigarette to keep his hands and mind busy. The ball of smoke particles covered his face reflecting his dark and depressed mood. From his words it could be deduced that he was unhappy.
	"I'm a shareholder of this place so I have to keep a regular eye on my business," the man answered.
	Jonas smiled. It was no wonder that he had met the man twice at the same venue.
	"Tell me. What's bothering you this time? Let me guess. It must be something about love. So what happened? Did you quarrel with your wife again?"
	the man teased him mercilessly, deriving immense enjoyment from Jonas's discomfort. While they were still talking, the door to the private room was pushed open. The bartender pushed the cart full of wine towards where the two were sitting and also set up two sets of dice. The two gentlemen walked towards the cart and picked the dice without calling out any specific number.
	Since there was someone accompanying him, although Jonas had promised himself that he wouldn't drink too much, with his friend keeping him company, he drank a lot. After a while his tongue became loose and he started talking, telling his friend everything that had happened.
	When he narrated how Melinda decided to give him the divorce papers, his demeanor became even more gloomy like death.
	"That's a complicated situation. There is nothing much I can say to make you feel better."
	The man frowned in deep thought while rolling his dice although not concentrating much on what he was doing. He had ordered a few light drinks and was about to take one of them. But Jonas didn't even pay attention to what was happening around him, and he simply picked the beer that was in front of him and blew on the foam ready to down it in one gulp.
	"Well, I can't let you do that," the man stated. Jonas was obviously upset and prepared to get more drinks in order to drown his sorrows.
	"I think your wife must be totally disappointed in you for her to act the way she did. You'd better give up now, so that everyone can move on with their lives and may be this action will leave a soft spot for you in her heart."
	The man drank a glass of wine while trying to keep his friend company and expressed his opinion after he took another sip of his drink. Listening to his suggestion, Jonas glanced at him sharply.
	Jonas blamed himself and thought that he was the one responsible for the broken relationship between him and Melinda, and he was the one that had torn them apart. His sins were unforgivable.
	"Don't look at me like that. It's creepy. I'm just telling the truth as it is." The man looked at him in an exaggerated way. Then he flipped a cigarette towards Jonas and directed the lighter towards him, lighting their cigarettes together at a go.
	He looked like a playboy and a master of love.
	"I can't do it."
	Jonas took a big drag of his cigarette. He used the tobacco smell to numb himself. Once he was convinced that he was right, it would be difficult to convince him otherwise and besides he was a sucker for self-punishment.
	Especially when it came to Melinda, he couldn't follow the false advice that everyone seemed so eager to dish out. As long as he loved a woman, he wouldn't give up and would always keep her by his side.
	The man looked at Jonas and shook his head. "If that's the case, you will lose both sides and both of you will get hurt."
	"So what?"
	Jonas said arrogantly as it was common for him when he was challenged. Hearing Jonas's tone, the man realized that Jonas had already made up his mind and was clear about what he needed to do, so he just raised his glass and said, "Well, let's stop talking nonsense. Let's drink."
	He was prepared to drink with Jonas, but he soon realized he could not keep up. Bottles of strong drinks littered the table one after the other, but Jonas consumed most of it, the engrossing dice game forgotten at that moment.
	Jonas had a high tolerance for alcohol, which at that moment was not working to his advantage. It was a painful affair because he had to drink so much to reach a point where he could drown his sorrows in the drink, almost setting his liver in flames in the processes.
	When his friend saw that Jonas almost drank everything on the table, he guessed that if Jonas continued drinking anymore, he would get alcohol poisoning. So his friend decided to take the wine away.
	"That's it. You have had enough."
	The man then motioned for a bartender to clear their table and bill. Once he had cleared the bill, he tried to walk Jonas home, but he was too drunk to even hold his own weight. So the man and the bartender carried Jonas to the hotel next door. Jonas had been drinking and not sleeping well, so as soon as he hit the bed, he was gone to dreamland within the blink of an eye.
	Then he slept the whole day.
	Back at the Gu's mansion, Queena was also implicated in Jonas's crimes because Jonas was her son and so Nelson was not happy with both of them. Queena felt unfairly aggrieved but when she thought of how distraught Melinda also was, she felt a bit relieved.
	"My silly girl, why didn't you tell us? You shouldn't bottle everything in."
	Queena patted Melinda's hair gingerly, but because of Emily's involvement in the matter, she felt a bit strange and uncomfortable.
	"There is no need for me to say anything."
	Melinda only talked out of respect for Nelson and because Nelson had asked her to say something, or Melinda didn't know how to broach the subject and would have just kept it to herself. She was tired because there had been several fights between her and Jonas over Emily's involvement in their relationship.
	She was annoyed, more than the others because this was something she had to go through day in, day out.
	"I know that it's Jonas's fault, but Mellie, I hope you can trust him. He would never do such a thing."
	Queena felt that Jonas was in love with Melinda and she believed in her son. She still had a niggling feeling that there was something sinister behind this whole fiasco.
	It was useless for her to believe anything without tangible facts and besides she needed Melinda to trust Jonas.
	"Mom, I have trusted him so many times, yet the outcome is always the same." said Melinda lightly.
	Although her tone was light, her miserable facial expression made everyone feel sorry for her and embarrassed to be associated with Jonas. Queena sighed, feeling helpless. Her son's ignorance was the reason why he was constantly linked with Emily.
	Now his problems would be considered Karma paying him back. He was reaping the seeds he had sowed.
	"Anyway, you are Jonas's legitimate wife, and the only one officially recognized by the Gu family. Who does Emily think she is? You don't need to back down from protecting your marriage."
	Queena comforted Melinda again and again trying to convince her not to give up on Jonas. She wanted Melinda to fight for her marriage with Jonas so she took a different direction instead of trying to protect Jonas. She was also angry with Emily and couldn't understand why she was being such a pest.
	The woman was really good at making trouble. She was certain that this matter must have something to do with Emily, and it seemed that Yulia also had something to do with it. Queena was sure that there was a link between Yulia and Emily.
	As soon as she thought of the two women, she glanced at Yulia, who was twitching on her seat while wringing her hands together. She couldn't look anyone in the eye and kept looking everywhere else with guilt except at Queena or Nelson.
	Queena comforted Melinda for a long while, and finally managed to persuade her to temporarily put aside the idea of divorce.
	"You have put up with him and his bad behavior for so many years, but now that he actually loves you, now you want to give up? Have you ever thought of who is going to gain the most if you divorce Jonas? May be this is a trap set up by Emily just waiting for you to take the bait."
	Queena spoke while trying to persuade Melinda, but unbeknown to her, she had actually summarized the crux of the matter. Melinda may be disappointed in Jonas, but she wasn't ready to let Emily get her way.
	It was already dark when Jonas finally woke up in the hotel. He had slept for twenty four hours straight, and although he had finally paid his sleep debt, he still had a throbbing headache and his throat was dry as if he had been walking through a desert for twenty four hours without water.
	He felt better after drinking the ice water that had been thoughtfully placed beside his bed, but the throbbing headache didn't seem to be going away anytime soon, despite taking some Tylenol for it.
	The clock indicated that it was ten o'clock in the night. This was way past the time he was normally back home, but when he thought of the situation that he had left at home, he didn't feel any inclination to go back.
	He didn't want to face anyone in the house.
	At the thought of this, he subconsciously drove to Soaring Group. At ten o'clock, except for those who were working overtime or taking the night shift like the security guards, the company was pretty quiet.
	Jonas went directly to the CEO office through the special access elevator. The usually boisterous office was now empty. He walked into his office without putting on any lights, he simply used the light from his mobile phone.
	He found that there still were a lot of documents which needed his attention and signature, and William had piled them up on his desk. Jonas turned on the light in the office and felt very fresh and energized. He tackled the heap systematically all night.
	The next morning, William was the first to arrive at the CEO office as usual. When he heard the steady click of the keyboard in the office, he was shocked. He opened the door and found that it was his boss, who was carefully working.
	The documents he had set for him on his desk yesterday were now worked and had been put aside on the desk in order.
	Having worked on so many documents, William wondered how early the boss had come to the company?!
	William made a guess based on the amount of work that had been done, but after a few days, he finally realized that his boss was simply working and had not left to go home even for a few hours.
	Jonas's evasive behavior completely eroded Melinda's trust in him and she didn't even bother to communicate with him anymore. His evasive behavior made him look even more guilty instead of vindicating him.
	Queena didn't know how to persuade Jonas to come home and sort out his issues. She had made a lot of phone calls to him, but Jonas didn't answer any of them. It was William who always answered giving some lame excuses.
	The excuses were limited to either Jonas in a meeting, or in an inspection. All in all, Jonas was a very busy CEO.
	Everyone knew that being busy was just a facade he had created to avoid dealing with his problems.
	Jonas was operating like a zombie for days in a row operating only on auto-pilot. He finally decided to go home, but his attitude had changed a lot. Before going home, he drank a lot, as if to embolden himself.
	As soon as Melinda entered her bedroom, she smelled a strong alcohol stench, and then she was imprisoned from behind. She struggled although she could smell a familiar scent.
	It was Jonas!
	Sniffing greedily from Melinda's body, Jonas put his lips on her tempting collarbone.
Chapter 146 Being Stood Up
	Melinda's heart was numb and emotionless. Her limp body suddenly became tense. The kiss ignited a spark of passion within her. Her pale skin turned pink.
	A wave of shame washed over Melinda.
	However, that one kiss wasn't enough to simmer the desire that was bubbling ferociously in Jonas's heart. He put his finger under Melinda's chin and forced her to look at him. When their eyes met, Melinda saw that his watery eyes were burning with lust that scared her witless. Jonas's heart ached when he saw Melinda's cold face. She had been like this for a long time and he wondered how to make things better.
	"Mellie," Jonas whispered, and his voice was thick with lust. He bent his head and inched forward towards her ruddy lips.
	But before his lips touched hers, Melinda turned her head. Jonas grew irritable and pressed her harder, almost squeezing her.
	His brain was muddled as he was under the influence of alcohol. The happenings of the past few days weighed heavily on his chest. He couldn't carry the weight anymore.
	He wanted everything to be over so that he could embark on a beautiful beginning with Melinda. He wanted to prove that he had always been honest with her.
	Jonas wanted to change Melinda's mind so that she would never think about the divorce ever again. He didn't want to lose her.
	But it was only wishful thinking.
	"Jonas, don't forget the agreement!"
	Melinda said. She looked terrified as Jonas began to lose control.
	The weight of Jonas's body was pinning her down but he was too drunk and swaying aimlessly. Melinda pushed him away and he fell to the ground with a loud thud, his head colliding against the wall. Melinda yelped in shock as she couldn't see him hurt.
	Jonas was back to his senses. He rubbed his head and frowned at Melinda. The passion coursing through his veins froze in an instant when he heard Melinda's words.
	He broke into a cold sweat. His body trembled even though the room was relatively warm.
	The mention of the agreement was like a sharp dagger, piercing through Jonas's heart. He couldn't take it anymore.
	Melinda had slept with Jonas even though they were living together for the sake of the agreement. But she was too depressed today. She was disappointed in him and didn't want him anywhere close to her.
	She knew that she would feel cheap and used if she slept with him again.
	Melinda felt that she and Jonas were two cheap people who used each other for their needs. Although Melinda was attracted to him, she had built a strong wall in her heart where no feelings could penetrate. It was perhaps the best for both of them to stay away from each other. She didn't have the strength to experience the tumultuous emotions again.
	"Wow! That's good. You're a cruel woman, Melinda,"
	Jonas muttered. He was devastated and couldn't muster the strength to be with Melinda.
	He quickly splashed cold water on his face and left for the company. The atmosphere in the Gu's mansion was growing tense again but Melinda was calm.
	However, behind the calm exterior was a violent storm of emotions simmering, waiting to explode.
	Yulia immediately informed about Jonas and Melinda's argument to Emily. She also told that their arguments were only paving way for a divorce.
	Emily was happy. She felt that it was time for her to return. There were only a few scenes for her to shoot, so she finished acting her part and left for A City.
	"Jonas, I'm back," Emily said on the phone as she walked into her apartment. Newspapers and magazines were sprawled on her tea table but there was no news about a possible divorce between Jonas and Melinda.
	Jonas had been working hard lately and the financial column was filled with his accomplishment.
	When Jonas saw Emily's call, he hesitantly answered the call.
	Emily's voice rang happily as if she had forgotten everything. She wasn't embarrassed anymore.
	"I'm sorry for what happened the other day. I can explain to Melinda that we are just friends," she said when Jonas didn't answer.
	Emily felt that Jonas would be impressed by her thoughtfulness.
	She was a great actor and Jonas couldn't see through her lies. He paused for a moment and cleared his throat.
	"Are you sure?"
	Jonas asked. He was helpless and hoping for a chance to prove himself. His relationship was getting worse and he was afraid that the damage would be irreparable if he didn't do something about it.
	"Of course, I'm also involved in this problem. I know that things are complicated and I should have explained it to Melinda earlier. But I got busy with shooting. I'll make this right."
	Jonas calmed down a little. There was a little spark of hope in his heart. He felt that Melinda would understand him.
	"Okay. Shall we meet at Left Bank Cafe at three o'clock tomorrow?"
	Jonas asked, twirling a golden pen with his fingers that cast a dazzling, yellow light on the table.
	Jonas's eyes followed the light as his mind was occupied with the thoughts about Melinda.
	"Okay," Emily agreed before hanging up.
	She wanted Jonas to believe that she had called him only to solve the problem between him and Melinda.
	Jonas dropped the pen, ran his fingers through his hair, and breathed a sigh of relief. His whole body seemed to visibly relax.
	He felt that all the problems would be solved if Emily explained everything to Melinda.
	Jonas instinctively grabbed his phone to call Melinda but decided against it. He felt that he could use this as an excuse to go home and see her.
	He missed her terribly and couldn't wait to see her.
	Jonas was a workaholic. He had increased his workload to distract his troubled mind. He finished all his work and returned to the Gu's mansion.
	The servants were busy doing their work and the villa was silent. Nothing had changed during his absence.
	Nelson had gone to meet his old friend like he always did. He had informed Melinda that he wouldn't be home for dinner. Since Melinda was at home, Yulia stayed back to see what she was doing.
	Queena was accompanying Melinda, trying to cheer her up. It was dinner time when Jonas walked in. Everyone was surprised to see him.
	Melinda glanced at Jonas. She put down the bowl and chopsticks and stood up. "Mom, I'm full. I have an important thing to discuss with the editor, so if you'll excuse me, I go back to my room."
	Queena smiled awkwardly. The atmosphere was strained but Jonas seemed oblivious to it. He smiled at his mother and followed Melinda to her room.
	Melinda was about to slam the door on Jonas's face but he quickly stepped forward and stopped her.
	"Emily is back," he said, breaking the silence.
	Melinda's stomach dropped when she saw the happiness and expectation in his eyes.
	Jonas was happy that they were getting a step closer to solving their problems but Melinda misunderstood him. "All right, I'm ready to come with you to finish the divorce formalities."
	Melinda shrugged casually. Emily and Jonas were getting closer and her return meant that she had to leave.
	"What? What are you saying? Emily promised that she would meet you and explain what actually happened the other day. There's nothing between us. We are just friends,"
	Jonas snapped. He tried hard to control his anger. Melinda was mad at him and he had to somehow prove that he had always been loyal to her.
	"Is it necessary for me to meet her?"
	Melinda rolled her eyes. Her arms were involuntarily fisted into a ball. She didn't like the idea of meeting Emily. Melinda wasn't expecting anything. She was tired of everything and didn't care what Emily had to say.
	"You cannot judge my actions without having a clear picture of what happened. Please give me a chance to prove myself," Jonas pleaded.
	He was afraid that Melinda wouldn't listen to Emily. If she didn't, then the truth would never come to light. But he didn't know that Melinda was hurting inside. She neither had the patience to listen to Emily's explanation nor the strength to end her relationship with Jonas.
	Every day was torture. After a lot of thinking, Emily finally decided to meet Emily.
	"Fine. I'll meet her."
	"All right. Left Bank Cafe at three o'clock tomorrow, okay?" Jonas's body seemed to visibly relax.
	He had picked the time because he knew that Melinda would be free in the afternoon.
	Melinda nodded and continued to ignore Jonas. He would have been usually anxious by Melinda's reaction, but today, he had faith that things would get better soon.
	Jonas was free the next day and stayed back home. He told Nelson that he had been busy for the past few days and that he wanted to take the day off.
	Melinda had the habit of taking noon breaks even during winters. The coffee shop that Jonas had suggested was close to the Gu's mansion, so she wouldn't miss her afternoon nap.
	The coffee shop was quiet with only a few people having their afternoon brunch. The shop was situated on the lake with a serene view.
	Only stars and celebrities came to the coffee shop to protect their privacy from the paparazzi.
	Melinda and Jonas arrived on time. They chose a table next to the window and ordered a cup of coffee.
	The lake was beautiful under the winter sky. The coffee shop was heated and the view through the window, glazed with dewdrops, was spectacular.
	Time passed by, but there were no signs of Emily. The atmosphere became colder and Melinda's face turned pale.
	She looked at Jonas and shook her head.
	She felt stupid for falling for his lies again.
	"I don't think Emily will come. I'm going home." Melinda grabbed her bag and stood up. Jonas stood up and looked at her anxiously.
	He wanted to say something but the words didn't come out of his mouth. Jonas ran out of the coffee shop to follow Melinda but the waiter stopped him to pay the bill.
	By the time he paid for the coffee, and walked out, Melinda already got into a taxi and left. Jonas was frustrated. He didn't think that Emily would cancel the plan at the last minute.
	Emily called him to apologize but his mind was clouded with rage.
	She came up with a silly excuse but Jonas didn't care about what she had said.
	Jonas was annoyed and blamed her for ruining things for him.
	But that was Emily's plan, so she didn't care about Jonas's anger. She had anticipated that he would be angry and knew how to pacify him. She apologized and asked him if they could catch up another day but Jonas hung up the call.
	He knew that Melinda wouldn't give him another chance.
Chapter 147 Push Him Away
	As soon as Jonas hung up the phone, he almost wanted to throw the phone into the lake, but finally he controlled himself.
	He cursed in a low voice and then left the area, only to find that there was a person not far away watching him leaving with a complacent smile on her face.
	That person was the Emily who just made an excuse that she had work temporarily.
	Jonas was in a bad mood. Recently he had developed a habit of drinking constantly at this time.
	Even though he would end up with more sadness, he was also greedy for the momentary happiness of gulping down the strong wine.
	Wearing a cold face, Melinda came back home. Queena didn't ask much, but knew that Jonas had probably screwed up today's thing again.
	However, Yulia was elated by the result.
	"Melinda, have you had dinner?"
	After waiting for Emily in the coffee shop for two hours, Melinda didn't know why she insisted.
	In retrospect, she felt that those two hours and every second were a torture to her.
	"I'm not feeling well. I'm going to have a rest."
	Melinda didn't want to accept the kindness of the Gu family. Anyway, she was going to leave sooner or later. It didn't matter whether they broke up or not.
	Thinking of this, she was more determined.
	Queena didn't think it was a good thing, so she waited in the living room after dinner, ready to have a good talk with Jonas.
	It was almost midnight, and Jonas came home reeking of alcohol.
	"Why did you drink so much again, son?"
	Queena and his assistant put Jonas in the bedroom on the first floor. She thanked the assistant and asked Gavin to see the guest out.
	The conversation had to be delayed. Queena sighed. Seeing them both like this, she felt bad.
	After Queena left the room, Jonas opened his eyes. He was not drunk at all, and his eyes were brighter than usual.
	He staggered to the second floor, finding that the light in Melinda's bedroom was still on, and the door was half closed. Therefore, Jonas pushed the door open without thinking.
	The steps became heavier after drinking. Melinda turned her head in panic and saw that it was Jonas. She could not help frowning unconsciously as she sensed the strong smell of alcohol from him.
	"Melinda, let me explain what happened today to you."
	With an innocent look in his eyes, no one could help but favor him.
	But this didn't include Melinda. She listened to him indifferently about the reason why Emily had not been here, and explained that he didn't deceive her.
	With her arms crossed before her chest, Melinda just said indifferently, "Have you finished your words? Then leave my room."
	Melinda didn't want to stay with Jonas for even a second. The air became thin with the presence of him.
	"You don't believe me?"
	With sadness in Jonas's eyes, he had thought about countless possibilities. He even thought about how to answer the questions of Melinda and make her believe him. He didn't expect that she would react in such a cold way.
	It seemed that everything had nothing to do with her.
	"You can leave now if there is nothing else."
	Putting her hand on the door, Melinda was about to close the door after Jonas left, but she suddenly felt a little tired.
	The relationship between them was really exhausting.
	Jonas's eyes turned red with anger, or perhaps he had reached the point of madness.
	Melinda completely exasperated him.
	Jonas pushed her hand away and closed the door heavily. Yulia looked into the distance furtively and her heart stopped as Jonas slammed the door.
	The feeling of a mountain rain which was full of wind really made people feel suffocated.
	Melinda was also frightened by Jonas. He pulled her regardless and threw her on the bed. His rough fingers tore her thin household clothes directly.
	"Jonas, what are you doing?!"
	Melinda's voice rose a few decibels, her eyes trembling with tears, her hands tightly holding herself, making her last struggle.
	She was really scared. In a flash, she felt as if she had returned to the five years when she had lived in darkness.
	Jonas was totally going nuts. Seeing that Melinda covered her breast, he put on a somewhat evil smile at the corners of his mouth.
	"That's enough, really enough." With no more words, Jonas gripped her hands and raised them above her head. All of a sudden, he saw the mysterious part in front of him.
	He looked at her with stronger affection.
	The tall and strong body instantly pressed on Melinda, who could not move. With tears rolling down, Melinda cried and begged, "Jonas, you can't... Hm... Hm... ..."
	Melinda's words were overwhelmed by a storm liked kiss.
	Jonas kissed her randomly as if to vent his anger. Melinda's struggle only made herself more embarrassed.
	"Jonas, you are raping me!" murmured Melinda in a weak voice. Her bright eyes lost their luster at this moment. When Yulia, who was coming close to the door, heard the words, she covered her mouth in shock. Then she turned around and walked towards Nelson's room.
	Jonas turned a deaf ear to her words. He thought of a ridiculous idea. As long as Melinda was pregnant with his child, she wouldn't leave.
	Cluttered footsteps came from outside. The door was pushed open abruptly. Jonas quickly covered Melinda with a quilt.
	Nelson went into the room with the help of Queena, and then he knew what had happened at the first glance.
	Yulia watched them curiously, hiding behind Nelson and Queena.
	"Bastard, how can you do this to Melinda?!"
	Nelson's crutch directly hit on the back of Jonas without any hesitation. Jonas let out a muffled hum, but he was closer to Melinda.
	Melinda couldn't help shivering.
	Nelson and Queena felt distressed when they saw this.
	"Get him away!" Obviously, Nelson was talking to Gavin standing behind him. It was a tough thing for him to push away Jonas as he was still weak.
	The man pressing on her was pulled away, and Melinda felt a sense of freedom again. But she was still looking at the ceiling in a trance, without any focus.
	Queena walked up and carefully wrapped Melinda in the quilt, gently holding her in her arms, comforting her in silence.
	Nelson had taken Jonas out of the room, and Melinda burst into tears again.
	"My good girl, don't cry. You are breaking my heart." Queena wiped her tears, and regretted not having let people watch Jonas and make him do such a stupid thing.
	"I'm sure to divorce him. I'm sure,"
	Melinda murmured. Jonas had broken the rules of the contract, so she didn't have to wait for him to take over Soaring Group. She should be happy and she should smile.
	But her smile was more gloomy than before.
	Yulia, who didn't leave, widened her eyes in surprise at the words of Melinda. She thought it would be hard for them to get back together after this thing!
	Melinda had been crying, and was silent. No matter what Queena had said to her, she had repeatedly stressed that she would divorce Jonas.
	Nelson took Jonas away. Queena didn't know how everything was going, and she was worried, but she was heartless enough not to care for Jonas at all, quietly keeping Melinda company.
	As a woman, she always sympathized with Melinda.
	At this moment, she even thought that Jonas was a scum, but he was her son. Queena's mood was extremely complicated.
	At three o'clock in the morning, Jonas completely sobered up and what happened at night flashed in his mind. His face turned pale out of fear.
	His body was injured when Nelson hit him, but his heart was stifling painful.
	He seemed to have done something wrong. When Jonas ran into the room in a hurry, he saw that Melinda was still in the same pose, but her tears had already dried up. There were tear stains on both sides of her cheeks, and her hair was sticking on them in a mess.
	He hesitated. In other words, he was scared.
	"Jonas, I want a divorce." The first one to open her mouth was Melinda. She looked at Jonas indifferently. The firmness in her eyes made Jonas more flustered.
	"Melinda, I was drunk. I didn't know I would do that. I... I'm really sorry. I can accept any punishment you give me. But please don't get a divorce,"
	Jonas said incoherently. He was a man, but now his eyes were red. He had gone mad before, but now he was afraid.
	His voice was so hoarse, but it could not arouse any worry of Melinda now.
	"Jonas, your apology is worthless. Divorce me."
	Melinda didn't want to talk about it at all. She didn't want to hear any explanation from Jonas. After all, they were all fake.
	"I won't divorce you. Don't even think about it. I won't agree even if you keep pestering me!"
	With the same determination in his eyes, Jonas knew that divorcing her meant that Melinda would have nothing to do with him, and he absolutely wouldn't agree, absolutely wouldn't allow it either.
	"You have broken the rules of the agreement. For this marriage, I will definitely divorce!"
	The confrontation between them made Queena, who was standing nearby, feel scared. She wanted to persuade them, but she didn't know where to start. It was just that under the eyes of Melinda, Jonas left in embarrassment.
	"You can go back and have a rest. I'm tired."
	With that, Melinda lay down in bed and closed her eyes. At the same time, she didn't call Queena mommy. Queena realized that something had changed quietly.
	"Have a good rest."
	Queena was also helpless. She turned off the light, and left the room with Yulia and closed the door carefully for Melinda.
	Crying came out of the room instantly when the door was closed. 
Chapter 148 Collecting Evidence
	Melinda fell asleep while she was crying, frowning in her dream. She tried to run away from the cage.
	But it was too dark and endless to run.
	"Phew!" Melinda opened her eyes, gasping for breath. Her hand rested on the position of her heart. The dream was so real that it made her scared.
	"Ah!"
	Melinda raised her hand and felt sore all over her body. It was hard for her to open her eyes. With the coldness in her hands, her eyes were much relaxed when she rested her hand on her eyes at this moment.
	Melinda narrowed her eyes and found that it was already ten o'clock. She walked to the bathroom and looked at herself in the mirror. She sighed helplessly, it seemed that she could not meet anyone today.
	Melinda tried every means to eliminate her swelling and stayed in the bedroom all day long. Nelson, Queena and Yulia all had come to see her.
	She had returned to her usual calm. It seemed that what happened last night had no influence on her at all. But any wise person could see that Melinda began to have a strong aversion to Jonas.
	As long as the name "Jonas" was mentioned, her smile would instantly fade away, and her attitude would also become perfunctory.
	"Don't worry. I have warned him not to enter your room. You want quietness, and I will give you the quietness. But, Melinda, as for the divorce, we should wait until you completely calm down."
	What Nelson said made sense. Melinda neither agreed nor denied it. But she had already made a decision in her heart about what to do.
	She must get a divorce, but it was impossible for her to find a breakthrough in this divorce due to Jonas's absence. Thinking it over, Melinda decided to collect the evidence of Jonas's extramarital affair.
	Considering the relationship between Jonas and Emily, Melinda thought it was a reliable thing.
	'Isn't that enough evidence to prove their intimate relationship?' Melinda mocked in her heart.
	However, Melinda was aware that it was not an easy thing for her to collect evidence according to her current abilities.
	With one hand supporting her chin, Melinda typed on the keyboard with the other. The screen was in a mess.
	It was a dilemma for her to write a novel at this time. Melinda loosened her hand and sighed. She turned her eyes to the right corner of the computer and noticed that the information frame was blinking.
	It was a message from Leo. They hadn't contacted each other for a long time. It seemed that since Melinda had been together with Jonas, her circle of life was getting smaller and smaller.
	"Melinda, are you in a bad mood?"
	Leo knew that his identity was a little embarrassing. He had only greeted Melinda in a simple way and rarely came to her.
	But he still concerned for her. He still knew a lot about the current situation of Melinda from Kent.
	He asked this question today just because he saw Melinda's wechat moments. She had written a short piece of paper today, which seemed to be positive, but Leo read the sadness in it and had an imperceptible helplessness.
	Yes, Melinda was at a loss. She did not know what to do. She had a goal, but she did not know how to achieve it.
	"I'm fine. Thank you for your concern." Her estranged tone assured Leo's guess.
	He didn't really know how to comfort people.
	"Melinda, are you free tomorrow? Would you like to have a cup of coffee?" Leo thought for a long time before he typed the last sentence. Then he fixed his eyes on the screen of the computer, waiting for the answer of Melinda.
	It was shown that the other side was inputting but sometimes not. It could be seen that Melinda was also thinking.
	Melinda didn't like to bother others with everything. But she began to consider whether it would be better if she asked for help.
	She was hesitating, and fragments of her sadness flashed through her mind. At that moment, Melinda made her decision.
	"Okay. I'll go to the Starbucks on the Central Plaza tomorrow afternoon. It's about 3 o'clock."
	The Liu family of Leo had a place in A City for a long time. Melinda planned to use his help to get rid of the Gu family.
	The moment he got her message, Leo realized that something had changed, but he didn't know what exactly happened. After all, he had much free time and he agreed immediately.
	The other day was still calm. Melinda didn't know if Jonas had gone back to the Gu's mansion. She had been unwilling to go out of the bedroom all the time, so on the next day, when the family saw her get dressed and ready to go out, they were surprised.
	At this moment, everyone's nerves were on edge, even the slightest sound of wind blowing and trembling would make them nervous. Melinda went out. Queena and Nelson couldn't help but ask. They were afraid that Melinda would leave directly and never come back.
	"I'm just going to meet a friend. I'll probably come back after dinner. Don't worry, Grandpa."
	Melinda came back after dinner to comfort Nelson, who was worried about her leaving.
	She would have left, but not at the moment. 'It's not the right time to do it now, ' Melinda thought. After she says that, Nelson can only repeatedly remind her to come back early.
	Leo arrived at the Starbucks at 3:00 am when he got off work. Being held up by her family, Melinda was late for nearly half an hour.
	"Something happened. Have you waited long?"
	Melinda looked around and saw that Leo was waving to her not far away. She walked over and put down her backpack. She was still breathing heavily.
	She didn't like to keep others waiting, so she trotted over after parking the car.
	"It's my pleasure to wait for a lady."
	Leo's each and every move was dignified and elegant, which indicated that he was born in a noble family.
	After a small talk between the two, Melinda cut to the chase, "I asked you out because I need your help."
	"As long as I can help, I will not refuse,"
	Leo said, surprised. From his point of view, Melinda was a tough woman. He figured it out that it must be a very difficult thing after seeing her frown.
	If it was a personal affair, Leo would help, no matter what happened, but if it was related to his family, he had to think about it.
	He was a strict person most of the time.
	"Let me tell you something about me recently... I decided to divorce with Jonas but he refused. I want to collect the evidence of his infidelity." Melinda told Leo about her own experience calmly, as if she was telling other people's story.
	But she sounded determined when she mentioned divorce.
	She took a sip of the coffee. It was ordered by Leo. There was a very slight smell of caramel macchiato spreading on the tip of her tongue. She held the cup in both hands and looked at Leo sitting opposite her.
	It didn't occur to Leo that there were so many twists and turns in the matter, but he soon understood what was behind the scenes.
	But what surprised him was that Jonas looked so decent, but he was such a scum. He didn't have a prejudice against the entertainment circle, but Emily. He thought that Emily was not a good person.
	"Are you worried that you can't collect any evidence?"
	"To be honest, I don't have much confidence." Melinda was very clear about her own situation. What worried her most was that if Jonas knew that she had collected these evidences and stopped her, things would be more complicated.
	"I'll do you a favor." Leo smiled at Melinda. Though he was still young, his calmness was comforting. Melinda could not help smiling.
	With Leo's help, she felt much more relaxed. Her hands, which had been holding the glass, loosened a little. "Thank you," she said.
	"Melinda, if you need any help in the future, you can call me at the first time."
	Melinda was being polite to Leo, and this was the way she dealt with people. He did not pay much attention to it, but he said that because he was afraid that similar things would happen.
	He really hoped that he could help Melinda when something happened to her. He didn't think she could bear that much considering her thin body.
	"What?" Melinda rose her voice at the end, with a touch of doubt in her voice. However, Leo was still smiling without saying a word.
	However, his smile was so attractive that a waitress who was cleaning up knocked into Melinda by accident.
	"Oh, I'm sorry, lady. Are you all right?" The waitress suddenly woke up. Melinda's dress was stained with coffee.
	"Nothing." Melinda waved her hands as she took the tissue from Leo and bent down to clean it.
	Leo had been looking at Melinda, but she lowered her head at this moment, so he could saw the situation behind her. Leo found that someone was looking at their position from time to time, he immediately became skeptical.
	People like Leo were always sensitive because of their living environment. The man gave Leo a special feeling of being peeped when he looked at that man.
	Was the man monitoring him? It was only a short time for Leo to make such a guess, but he denied it in an instant. Then he looked at Melinda who had already stood up.
	His intuition told him that the man was most likely coming for Melinda.
	The waitress stood still, at a loss. Melinda comforted her and the waitress expressed her gratitude continuously. When she passed by Leo, the waitress reminded in a low voice, "There's a man behind who has been staring at your girlfriend."
	"Thank you," said Leo in a low voice, astonished.
	"What's wrong?"
	Melinda didn't know what was going on and Leo didn't want to tell her to bother her. He just distracted some of his attention behind Melinda.
	"Look at the crumbs on your lips." Leo's eyes seemed to be full of tenderness. He reached out and carefully wiped the corner of Melinda's mouth, but used tissue.
	He glanced at the person behind Melinda. As expected, the man took a selfie with his mobile phone. How funny it was that a man was taking a selfie.
	Leo guessed that Melinda must be under surveillance of this man, and he surmised that she might not know the truth.
	Judging from the situation that Melinda was in, it was difficult for him to decipher who the person was to send this man. However, he knew that the person would definitely take next step after taking the photos.
	However, his movement made Melinda feel very embarrassed. She quickly took the tissue and stressed, "I can do it myself."
Chapter 149 Brawl
	In the office of Soaring Group, Jonas was working with red eyes. Beside Jonas, William was nearly choked by his persuasion.
	Since Jonas was in a bad mood these two days, it was good for him to vent his feelings by doing something.
	In fact, Jonas was venting his anger on those documents. He had to be more strict with them, and during the morning meeting every day, all the senior leaders of the company were jittery.
	Actually, Jonas was in bad mood these two days.
	At this moment, Jonas got a new message reminding him of two photos.
	The man photographed from a very tricky angle. It seemed that Leo and Melinda were very intimate, especially the one that Leo wiped the corner of her mouth with a tissue.
	It irritated Jonas.
	The person in the photo was smiling. It was a smile that hadn't appeared for a long time. Leo half bent his body and his smile was full of love.
	"Damn it!" The phone was thrown to the corner and William didn't dare to move.
	The cellphone fell to the ground promptly as it bounced on the carpet without any damage. But the screen of the cellphone was on. The picture on it seemed to be laughing at Jonas's childish behavior in silence.
	William check his phone out of curiosity. But when William saw the message, he wished he had been blind. 'well, everyone in the company will have a hard time today, ' he cursed inwardly.
	Leo was a good talker and noticed that she was in a bad mood. He picked up some funny stories from the literary community and told her.
	In the field she was familiar with, everyone had their own self-confidence and ease. Because of this, she felt much better.
	"You must be very busy." Melinda noticed that for many times she had seen Leo wearing a suit, except for his hobby of business suit, he might be someone who was ready for social engagement at any time.
	"Not bad. I will try my best to help with the company affairs as much as possible." Said Leo honestly, looking at his watch. It was not early.
	"To express my thanks, it's my treat today."
	Leo was a gentleman. It was a little improper for her to act like this, but he also accepted it. Most importantly, if he did not accept it, she would feel embarrassed to ask him for help.
	He was a mind reader and he was more meticulous than ordinary people.
	"Okay. I have to work harder to find strong evidence for you." Leo looked at his watch again to check the time, then he left.
	At the company, there was a meeting in the evening.
	"You can go back first. I want to take a walk around here," Melinda said with a smile. It was the largest shopping mall in the city center, the first place for shopping.
	After he left, Melinda stayed in the Starbucks for a while, then left. The first floor was full of beautiful makeup products, and the second floor was full of clothes and so on.
	The mall was divided into two sections, each with more than ten floors.
	At the entrance of the mall, there was a tall Christmas tree with many things hanging on it. And inside the flowerbs on both sides, there were also many elks. It was at this moment that she realized that it was Christmas.
	The winter nights always came early. Even at five o'clock in the morning, the small light stands on the roadside were lit up, reflecting the dark city.
	Wandering around the mall, she found all kinds of big name counters on the first floor, all these things have a set.
	Most of them were sent to her home directly by Jonny later. She seldom went to the mall by herself, not to mention to try on colors or something like that.
	As a professional makeup artist, she was responsible for her makeup. Therefore, she would pick red lipsticks all the time.
	The strong colors made a person look more powerful.
	"Miss, this is my limited edition. You can try on here." The shopping assistant got excited when she saw that Melinda wore low-key but private customized clothes.
	"They are all foreign brands. There are three colors limit to each of them. And even the package is designed specially by someone.".
	There were specialized color testing devices in the shop. With the help of the shop assistant's devices, Melinda saw various changes of her lips on the screen. The curiosity in her eyes became increasingly heavier.
	"You really match our brand-name lipsticks. Each color represents the unique charm of women."
	The assistant was not flattering. Melinda was a perfect match in every color and makeup.
	"This is the newest one?"
	"Yes, it is. It hasn't been listed on the market yet. You need to book it."
	Everyone who had met that would make a reservation even if they had to. Because the products were limited even if they had been reserved.
	"oh, I need to book it." Melinda was a little disappointed, but soon she happily booked each of them.
	The assistant was so happy to fill in information in the shop when her cellphone in the bag vibrated, "sorry, I have to answer the phone."
	It was Jonas. After losing his temper in the company, he dialed the number of Leo.
	As long as he thought that she was with another man, he would be completely unacceptable.
	She kept a note of him in her phone. It was still an intimate Pei. The happiness she had just experienced was instantly devoured by him. In a trance, she hung up the phone.
	Just when she put away her phone and was about to sign her name, her phone rang again. It seemed that Jonas had been calling her since he didn't answer the phone.
	"Hello."
	After hesitating for a while, she picked up the phone. She treated a stranger better than Jonas.
	"Where have you been?" It was a little weird. With anger and care, he asked the question.
	It never occurred to her that this was the reason why he called her all the time. She was getting more and more confused, but she still answered honestly, "I'm shopping."
	Putting her cellphone between her ear and shoulder, she took over the paper and pen handed by the salesclerk and signed her name on the receipt.
	After paying the deposit, she left the shop with her deposit payment. It was a good habit for her to take cash.
	Not satisfied with her answer, he thought she was perfunctory. In the photo, she clearly went to a cafe.
	"Are you alone?" It sounded more like a probe than a question. Because he knew better than anyone that Melinda had met Leo today.
	With such thinking, they thought it was such an intimate thing as the shopping mall, between a man and a woman, belonged to Ken.
	His forehead suddenly throbbed with rage and forbearance.
	Hearing this, the expression on Melinda's face changed a little, but her silence made Jonas think that she acquiesced in it.
	"Who are you with?"
	Jonas said in a more severe tone unconsciously. At this moment, he was not the only one who was angry. Also Melinda felt confused about what was going on with Jonas. He called her suddenly and questioned her a lot.
	"I'm alone."
	With one of her hands on her temple, she gently rubbed it, telling herself to calm down at this moment.
	"Are you really alone?" Jonas still didn't believe her words. He didn't think those pictures were deceptive.
	"Have you enough, Jonas? I said I was alone."
	All of a sudden, Melinda raised her voice, speaking of the name that many people knew. Many people turned around and looked at her.
	Realizing that she was in a crowded shopping mall, Mo Lian frowned and walked towards a corner.
	"You are guilty. There must be someone with you."
	He said obstinately, feeling that the anger of Melinda just to covered up her guilty conscience. Sure enough, she was with Joey.
	She took a deep breath, telling herself not to be serious with Jonas. At this time, Jonas's head was totally rusty.
	"Whatever you think,"
	Melinda hung up the phone, and blacklisted Jonas.
	make trouble out of nothing.
	Her good mood was brought up by Jonny Pei. With some sadness, she thought maybe she would be deeply touched by him all her life.
	And affected by him.
	After the call was ended, he was stunned. Then he tried to call her again, but he couldn't get through anyway.
	All of a sudden, Jonas's face turned as black as a black pan. Jonas knew clearly that he must have said something unpleasant to her.
	"William, give me your phone."
	Said Jonas. He hurriedly handed his mobile phone to Jonas but didn't dare to look into his eyes. He also felt that Jonas was a little unreasonable for doing so just now.
	William had Melinda's number. Jonas made a call through the contact list, followed by the call from the office. No matter which one it was, he couldn't get through.
	She blacklisted all everyone who connect with him.
	She was depressed, and she lost her appetite even for eating, let alone going shopping. In the evening, a call came from the Gu's mansion, and she wandered outside for a while, but still directly returned to the Gu's mansion.
	Perhaps it was because of the fact that Melinda was so angry with him that he came back home very late at night. Now he didn't need Melinda to have a cold war with him, he chose to ignore her directly.
	The strange atmosphere between them confused everyone.
	What he was going to do now was to try his best to play up to Melinda? Why did they have a cold war.
	Melinda felt relieved. After all, he didn't want to talk to her either. It was just the right time.
	His love for her was just so so.
	After he lost her heart, he wanted to restore her, because he found that she was important for him.
Chapter 150 Is It Exciting
	Melinda thought that she had seen through all his nature, and saw that he had always been nice to her, as he didn't want to lose her.
	Men all had their own shortcomings.
	By doing that, she found herself a perfect excuse.
	Jonas went back home and found some clothes. He threw all of them into the suitcase and made some noise.
	That was how he tried to get her attention. He was stupid, but in the end, it was the Gavin who noticed him.
	Queena saw that too, but she didn't know what to say to persuade him.
	Melinda had been in her bedroom the whole time. How could she not hear the noise? She just didn't want to pay attention to it.
	Half an hour later, it was quiet again. And then the sports car was starting its engine. In the meantime, Jonas drove the car and disappeared from the Gu's mansion.
	The house fell into silence.
	In the next few days, Melinda went out from time to time. Most of the time, she went to meet Leo. With his help, she collected evidence, which was much easier than she was alone.
	Jonas had many houses outside, so his not coming back didn't draw much attention. As what Queena said that he was a man now and he wouldn't die outside.
	Although he didn't go home, he still went to the company.
	A week had passed. They hadn't seen each other for seven days. They became more and more peaceful. Nelson began to worry about their relationship.
	It didn't matter much if they separated for a while since they quarreled over trivial matters. But it had been a week, so the conflict between them should be solved.
	"Gavin, send someone to check where that bastard lives lately." Since the atmosphere at home was too bad, Nelson decided to look for Jonas back and make everything clear.
	"Yes, my Lord." Gavin was familiar with Nelson. He knew that Nelson couldn't hold it any longer and quickly arranged people to investigate. However, the investigation results astonished him again.
	Jonas has so many houses outside, but Jonas didn't live in one of them. Instead, he slept in the hotel of Soaring Group.
	"He is quite free and unrestrained." If Nelson was bearded, he must have a tremble at this time. In the hotel, he was served with everything. How could he be uncomfortable?
	Besides, it was the hotel owned by their company. Those senior managers were very good at flattering people.
	But Nelson really misunderstood Jonas this time. The reason why Jonas was living in a hotel was that he wanted to turn himself into a workaholic.
	It was not convenient for him to have a video conference in the houses outside. What's more, a business partner from another city happened to come over recently, so he decided to accompany the partner.
	In fact, his attitude has misled everyone, and so did the partners.
	She was flattered to get this treatment, and then the cooperation was soon settled. William, who knew the cause and effect, could only sigh. It was true that it was up to the people's heart.
	He was so master of his own free will.
	"Melinda, why are you still unwilling to forgive that jerk?"
	Nelson was now calling him jerk, which made him seem to be quite kind with Melinda.
	Seeing the two younger people so unhappy, Nelson felt sorry for them.
	Especially Nelson, the one who brought the two together.
	"Grandpa, I didn't." She had no expectation for him and decided not to care about him, so she didn't care what he did.
	Her purpose was clear now. She needed to collect the evidence and divorce with Jonas.
	Nelson felt a little bit strange when he heard her, but he didn't know what she meant at once. Taking it for granted that she didn't angry with Jonas, Nelson laughed happily.
	"Yes, he's muddled, but he's not bad in nature. Now it's not a good idea for him to stay in the hotel all the time. Why don't you ask him back?"
	Said Nelson. He often commanded peoples to do something, but now to Nelson spoke gently to a person because that person he was talking to was Melinda.
	"Grandpa..." Looking at the expected eyes of grandpa, she couldn't find a word to refuse him. All of a sudden, her eyes dimmed.
	She was an outsider in this family. Since Jonas was the grandson of grandpa, he should be at home with grandfather. Thought Melinda.
	If Nelson knew that his behavior had caused such a misunderstanding to Melinda, he would probably be really angry to the hospital.
	"Okay." She was about to decline, but finally she agreed. Nelson beamed with pleasure and told her the room number of Jonas
	Neither of them noticed that there was a person crouching in the corner.
	This was the hotel owned by Soaring Group. Jonas had a presidential suite in this hotel.
	The suite was very large, and it took up almost a floor of space. It was very quiet. No one would come over without the permission of Jonas.
	It was not easy to enter the special floor. After using her connections, Emily was taken to the 27th floor by the on duty manager.
	She wore exaggerated sunglasses to cover her face. Besides her handbag, there was something similar to the heat preservation box in her hand.
	"Miss Bai, we are here."
	Said the duty manager. Emily nodded. There was the only one room on this floor, so she didn't have to look for it carefully. Emily came to the door.
	After a while, the doorbell rang. Seeing her, Jonas came out to open the door. Obviously, he was disappointed.
	"Jonas, I've made some soup for you. Try it." Raising the lunch box in her hand, Emily smiled innocently.
	He turned around and walked into the room leaving Emily alone. Emily went straight to the kitchen to find the tableware.
	"The chef here is just like your taste. I heard that you have lived here for a long time."
	Emily poured the soup into a bowl and pilled it on her shoulder when Jonas was not noticing. "Ah," Emily shouted.
	Hearing this noise, Jonas hated it very much. He frowned and asked, "what's going on?"
	"My hands are clumsy and I spilled the soup on my dress by accident. Jonas, can I borrow your bathroom?"
	Obviously, celebrities were not afraid of the cold. Emily was no exception. In such cold weather, she just wore a base skirt and a coat.
	His coat was hung up from the clothes rack when he came in.
	It seemed that they were a family and Emily felt great satisfaction from the bottom of her heart.
	Her dress was white, and the stain on it was obvious. With a quick look at it, Jonas said indifferently, "whatever you want."
	After Emily cleaned up the kitchen, she went to the bathroom. Seeing that the soup, Jonas had no appetite at all, He turned around and went back to his study.
	After struggling at home for a long time, Melinda couldn't hold on any longer under the expectant eyes of her grandpa. She compromised and said, "I'll go to see Jonas."
	"Okay, I'll ask Gavin to arrange a driver for you. It's already evening when you come back. It's very tired to drive at night."
	Nelson said. Melinda twitched her mouth and didn't say anything. It was cold outside and she had to put on one more of cloth.
	Melinda was so tired that she fell asleep in the car.
	The chauffeur pulled over at the entrance of the hotel and said to the woman sitting on the back seat, "My lady, here is the hotel."
	In a daze, Melinda looked out of the window of a magnificent hotel. During this period of time, people went in and out of the hotel, which was very bustling. A woman in formal clothes immediately walked up to Melinda at the moment she saw Melinda's car.
	The woman was the guest service manager. After the arrival of Melinda, she opened the car door for Melinda and greeted, "Good evening, my lady."
	"Thank you."
	She got off the car. The wind outside made her sober a lot. The lobby manager personally led her to the exclusive floor and left.
	The manager was worried that Melinda might have forgotten the room number, so she told Melinda again and again on her way to the room where Jonas lived.
	In fact, this floor was just three suites, and Jonas was in the largest one in the middle.
	The corridor was quiet, covered with thick carpet.
	Coming to the door of the suite, Melinda took a deep breath and knocked three times. Then she rang the doorbell and stood quietly there waiting.
	She remembered the manager told her that Jonas was in the hotel.
	Only one minute passed, no one opened the door. Melinda patiently repeated the move just now.
	Emily just came out of the bathroom, wearing a hotel bathrobe. Because there was only Jonas's bathrobe, whose size was very large, it hung down loosely, and her hair was wet.
	She looked around, but didn't see Jonas. Thinking of the message she just received, her eyes lit up.
	Was it Melinda?
	It was highly possible. Thinking of this, Emily felt more relaxed and attractive. She bit her lips hard to create an illusion.
	At the moment, the door was opened from inside. Melinda lost her patience. What came into her sight was Emily's smiling eyes.
	Melinda's pupils shrank sharply, and then she gradually calmed down.
	The person in front of Melinda was dressed in a large bathrobe and her red lips were attractive. She looked charming and her eyes were red.
	They were all grown-ups. They could almost imagine what had happened before. When Emily saw Melinda, Emily didn't feel embarrassed but looked at her provocatively.
	"What a pure girl! You're right. How exciting it is to be a mistress." Melinda looked at Emily with the same smile, full of disdain in her eyes. 
Chapter 151 Give Up
	Taking one more look at Emily was just an insult to Melinda's eyes, Melinda quickly left the hotel.
	And in the study, Jonas knew nothing about her arrival.
	Seeing that Melinda left, Emily breathed a sigh of relief. She was really worried that her plan would be ruined by the appearance of Mike.
	However, it had nothing to do with Melinda's misunderstanding now.
	Jonas wanted to get rid of her in front of Melinda but she wanted to make the relationship more ambiguous.
	The driver had been waiting for her downstairs. Seeing that Melinda came downstairs alone soon, he was curious, but he didn't dare to ask more.
	"Go to Starbucks downtown."
	Melinda said. Then she contacted Leo in wechat, Leo telling her that he had collected many photos of Jonas and Emily, including the kissing between them in the coffee shop, and even the scene when they just met in the hotel.
	It could be said that the means by which these people collected evidence for investigating things were very shocking, but Melinda didn't care about it at all now. What she wanted was nothing but a result.
	At Starbucks, the two people arrived at the mall one after another. Leo made those photos into a USB flash drive and handed them to Melinda. Then he took out the developed photos in the envelope.
	"All are here to prove that he cheated on you. I think that's enough."
	He said while opening the envelope to look at the photos inside. The more she looked at the photos, the more disappointed she became. She was relaxed that she had decided to leave.
	"Thank you."
	Melinda carefully hid these things in her bag, thinking that it was time to end this time.
	"In fact, I think that somebody is adding fuel to the fire. He's telling the truth. It's too easy to investigate that kind of stuff, which might become suspicious.
	It was normal for ordinary people to have such an efficiency. But here in the photos was Jonas and a star Emily. They paid much attention to privacy.
	"I don't care who he is. All I want is to get these."
	Melinda shook the envelope in her hand, and had already guessed that the one who had instigated the quarrel might be Emily.
	Hearing that, Leo thought for a while and agreed with her. He wanted to ask her what she was going to do next, but he bit back the words on the tip of his tongue.
	She didn't stay long in the cafe. Along the way, she looked at the envelope and the USB drive with complicated emotions.
	If she got divorced, Emily would be the happiest one. If it was before, Melinda would still think that she couldn't do such a thing to make the enemy happy.
	But now, she really couldn't hold on.
	Nelson and Queena were both waiting for the two of them to go back home, but they only saw that there was only one person, and Melinda had been announcing her decision to them.
	"I'm going to divorce with Jonas. Grandpa, I'm sorry."
	Melinda knew that her behavior might hurt his lordship's heart, but she didn't want to live in pain all her life.
	"Melinda…" Why did they ask for a divorce again? It's very normal for a couple to have some contradictions. They just need to tolerate each other. "
	Queena saw her serious look and tried to persuade her, and what Queena said was her own experience. Didn't she and Mr. Gu just tangle up until now?
	"I can tolerate anything, but not any disloyalty." Said Melinda. Queena's body shook. The word "mistress" was more serious.
	After all, Yolanda was not her. What she could not bear most was the unfaithful love.
	"It's Is there any misunderstanding? "
	Queena said still disbelievingly. Seeing Queena like this, Melinda gave photos to her. Queena took it in suspicion. When Queena saw the first photo in it, her face changed.
	After looking through all the photos, Queena's face changed. She didn't know what to say to persuade Melinda.
	"Sorry, I can't accept the fact that my husband is such a person." Melinda said. Meanwhile, she didn't take back the photos and went back to her bedroom silently.
	Queena looked at her back, looked at the photo in her hand, and sighed.
	This was the evidence. Now that Jonas had an affair with another woman, there was no way she could defend for him. Especially that women was Emily.
	Emily was still haunting Jonas. If Nelson saw these photos, he must be very angry.
	Fortunately, Melinda was smart enough to find an excuse for sending Nelson away before he took out the photos.
	When Melinda got back to her bedroom, she began to sort out her stuff, many of which were bought by Jonas. When she saw the pile of lipsticks, she was surprised to find the limited edition of Santa lipsticks she had bought in an exclusive store today.
	Tears streamed down her cheeks as she held the lipstick in her hand. It was too late for them to go back.
	Some scars were deep, and it was extremely hard for one to cross over them all his or her life.
	She packed a few sets of clothes, but she didn't pay much attention to the things that Jonas bought her. There was also a small suitcase. After packing all the things, she put the suitcase back in its original place.
	Now, as long as she divorced, she would immediately leave.
	Due to Melinda unwillingness to tell him the reason, Nelson called Jonas again, but Jonas told him that she didn't go to the hotel at all.
	"That's impossible. I specially arranged the driver To take her there, and let the manager send her to the 27th floor!"
	Nelson said firmly, frowning and getting more confident.
	Jonas felt something was wrong.
	"Anyway, you must go home tomorrow, and stay outside all day long it's inappropriate."
	Grandpa issued a deadly order and deliberately mentioned the Gu family on the phone. The meaning was clear.
	In order to force Jonas to go back home, his grandpa threatened him again with the company.
	Since it was the first time for him to get married, he had no choice but to go home the next day as his grandpa ordered.
	But he didn't expect that he would hear Queena ask him to divorce Melinda when he came back home.
	"Mommy, what do you mean?"
	Jonas completely misunderstood what Queena meant. After all, Queena didn't like Melindabefore, and he thought Queena had begun to reject Mo Melinda, but he didn't know what Queena was thinking right now was that Queena had divorced, and that was good for both of them.
	"Jonas, if you don't like her, just let her go."
	Queena said again. It seemed that he was struggling in his mind. It's really ten degree of bad boy's style for Jonas, who was unwilling to divorce and had affairs with other women at the same time.
	"Mommy, when did I say that I don't like her anymore? What's wrong with you?" Jonas felt that he had expressed his love for her very clearly. He wondered why there was a misunderstanding. And this person was his mother.
	"If you like Melinda, why did you come into contact with Emily?"
	Queena asked in reply, but she added in her heart, 'You have not only made contact, but also behaved so intimately.'
	"Mommy, I love Melinda. Emily is just a friend of me. I won't divorce Melinda. I won't let her leave me. If she wants to cheat on me, I'll love her for the rest of my life."
	The anger in Jonas's body was suddenly aggravated. Queena looked at it and sighed again. 'what is love? It's clearly possessive.'
	But then again, to love someone is to possess her, isn't it?
	In this case, Queena was first confused with himself.
	"Never mind. I won't meddle in your business. You can talk to Melinda by yourself." Queena thought for a while and said helplessly. What she thought that it was hard to explain it clearly.
	Jonny had no objection. He just took this opportunity to talk with Melinda and let her stay away from that Leo.
	At this time, Melinda was writing in her bedroom. Since there are a lot of things to do recently, her progress had been slowed down a lot.
	She still didn't have any idea today, but she stayed in front of the computer and tapped her fingers from time to time. Her efficiency could not be described as low.
	"Knock, knock, knock."
	After what happened last time, Melinda had developed a habit of closing the door. When she heard a knock at the door, her heart began to beat violently with the sound.
	She opened the door and was astonished to see the familiar face.
	"Let's talk." 'We haven't seen each other for only a week, but I feel like it's a lifetime since we met last time.' he thought.
	And at this time, his hidden yearning also completely fermented. He really wanted to come forward and hold that woman who was mad at him.
	"Fine. We can divorce."
	She nodded her head seriously, but then she turned Jonas's words down.
	"I said it was impossible."
	"Even if it's an entanglement, I won't let go of you." Jack answered without hesitation.
	"Jonas, here is something that I want to show you."
	She took out the USB flash drive, and inserted it into the computer. The moment she turned it on, a picture popped up in front of her soon.
	There was still a smile on the corner of her mouth, and her bright eyes, as much as she loved him in the past, was now fearful.
	"I'm not an unreasonable person. Divorce me and I'll do you a favor."
	She did not pull out the USB flash drive, but let the photos be placed there brightly.
	The background of those pictures was familiar to Jonas. But none of this was true. He just… For a moment, Jonas didn't know how to explain.
	They were taken in the same way, and there was no angle. All the photos were real. He just had reason to do it every time. But was there anyone to trust if he told the truth?
	Obviously, no one would like to believe this, especially Melinda. 
Chapter 152 All The Media Are Evil
	"I know you won't believe me no matter what I say now. But I can assure you that there is nothing between me and Emily."
	Though fully aware of his own weak points, Jonas didn't want to give up so easily. He had to make a guarantee.
	How many times had he said that? Jonas could not help but ask himself in reply.
	"Jonas, I'm not stupid. I think it's better to get a divorce as soon as possible. It's not good for both of us if we keep on pestering each other like this." Melinda almost laughed out of anger. She had already seen the evidence, how could Jonas say something like that?
	It was unknown if she was sad for herself or Emily. The scheming woman tried everything to make a connection with Jonas, but it was denied by Jonas totally.
	"Melinda, give me a chance. I can prove it to you." Arrogant as Jonas was, he said that to try to keep he. Except that, he didn't know what he should do and what was right.
	"Divorce. If you don't agree, I will see you in court." Seeing that Jonas still didn't say yes, Melinda didn't know what he wanted to do either.
	"If these stuff displays in the court, it will not be appropriate for anyone. Can't we just divorce peacefully?"
	The identity of Emily, if this evidence was presented in the court, the image she had created for so many years would collapse completely.
	And the image that Jonas had established in front of the investors would also disappear. At that time, his position in the company must be no better than others.
	However, Melinda didn't care about that. At the worst, she could get some sympathy or mockery.
	"I won't agree," said Jonas. He was afraid that Melinda would continue to cling to this issue, so he didn't dare to stay in the bedroom for one more second.
	His mind was in a turmoil.
	Melinda didn't expect that Jonas would choose to escape, as if she had become a flood beast. This ending was both funny and annoying, but Melinda felt that it was a guilty conscience for Jonas, who was not willing to face the truth.
	But the more he didn't want to face it, the more she had to put all these in front of him and let him make decisions.
	Looking at the man who had disappeared in the corridor, Melinda went back to the computer table, pulled out the dark USB drive, and then found the previous divorce agreement.
	There was no printing tools in Melinda's bedroom and the thing was completely copied. She still went to the study to print. She thought she would meet Jonas there, but she didn't see him.
	At this time, Jonas had already gone to the gym to vent his anger.
	With the lesson from last time, Melinda specially printed a few more copies, each with her own name signed on them as usual.
	In fact, if she wanted, she could easily find out Jonas' seal and put it on them.
	There were more than ten divorce agreements neatly placed on the table. It was a little familiar.
	When Jonas returned to the study, he saw this familiar scene. The blue veins on his forehead began to rage again, and then like last time, he threw a dozen pieces into the paper container.
	Then he fled away like last time.
	Melinda got Jonas's name out of the blacklist. She called three times, and it was picked up by William.
	"Mrs. Melinda. Mr. Jonas is in a meeting."
	William spoke this more skillfully than "how are you". His tone and attitude were calm.
	"Then ask him to call me back after the meeting," Melinda said as she raised her eyebrows. Hearing that, William was immediately in a cold sweat. It was really that mortals got hurt when there was a fight between gods.
	William looked at Jonas with a sullen face, which irritated Jonas.
	"Boss is busy today,"
	William continued to lie, feeling that his conscience began to hurt. How could boss's sad figure, who was smoking in front of the French window, look so childish?
	"Then I'll go find him,"
	Melinda said loudly. She knew that William was likely to be used by someone, and Jonas might be sitting next to him. So she deliberately spoke loudly.
	William turned on the loud speaker. Sure enough, even Jonas was in front of the French window, he heard her voice.
	"Tell her, if she want a divorce, just find my lawyer," Jonas said in a cold voice. It never occurred to him that Melinda could be so aggressive.
	"Our CEO asked you to see Lawyer Xu," William said in a hurry. He really couldn't hold on any longer. It would be handled by that Lawyer Xu.
	After receiving such a reply, Melinda let go of William. Soon she contacted Lawyer Xu. As the most rigorous lawyer in the industry, Lawyer Xu answered every question of Melinda honestly.
	But as long as this topic was brought up in divorce, he began to change the topic. In the last round, the lawyer only helped to distribute the property, and the specific matters still needed to be discussed by the two parties.
	So after another round, the question was again about Jonas.
	However, after reading the divorce agreement, Lawyer Xu put forward a lot of opinions. In a word, all kinds of opinions made Melinda feel dizzy.
	The matter of divorce was forced to delay by Jonas. As a result, Melinda became more and more disappointed to Jonas.
	A branch of Left Bank Cafe was next to the periodical office of Kent. Melinda had made an appointment with Kent today to vent her frustration.
	"I think you are a little impulsive this time."
	Seeing that Melinda was so focused on the divorce, while thinking of the love of Jonas to her, Kent soon felt that she was a little impulsive to do so.
	However, Melinda was very confused, feeling that it was a result of her own deep thought, and she was not impulsive at all.
	"Kent, it took me a long time to make this decision!" Melinda expressed her attitude. She was absolutely not indifferent to love, but she really didn't know what to do this time.
	"Melinda, I have met with Jonas before. Maybe he is born to be hesitant about love, but it doesn't mean that he is heartless. Besides, I can see that he has feelings for you."
	Kent recalled the happenings in the farmhouse last time and the fear when he came back to A City. He still believed that Jonas loved Melinda.
	So, at this moment, he couldn't help persuading or trying to retain Melinda to stay, just for the sake of Jonas.
	Melinda looked at him surprisedly. Then with a bitter smile, she said in a somewhat desolate tone, "Feelings? It's probably unwillingness of losing something."
	"Relationship is complicated. Melinda, you should believe that you are worthy of Jonas's love. Don't doubt each other,"
	Kent said in a stern tone like an old man, but he talked like a philosopher.
	Suspicion was a taboo to any relationship.
	After being provoked by Emily again and again, the relationship between Melinda and Jonas was almost broken. As a result, their trust in each other was almost zero.
	"It's not complicated. He likes Emily, from the beginning to the end," Melinda said with a smile. She felt she had been too stupid to know such a simple thing.
	Still, Kent felt that Melinda had misunderstood something. When he was about to say something to make up, Melinda took a pile of photos out of her bag and slowly told him she went to the hotel that day.
	"Kent, do you still think he has feelings for me?"
	Melinda said in a self-deprecating tone. Kent's eyes were burning with rage when he looked at those pictures. Thinking that he had just spoken for Jonas, he was so furious that he wanted to beat himself to death.
	"Is it true?"
	Kent looked at the four photos. He remembered one of them was at the farmhouse. But the four hadn't met each other yet.
	Jonas helped Emily to straighten her hat, hold her in his arms and help her up. All he did was a scorn to Melinda.
	The man named Jonas had an affair with another woman, and he had told him that he liked Melinda.
	As for the woman whom Jonas had an affair with, no one would be surprised at that. Even long ago, many people believed that they made a perfect match.
	As the legal wife of Jonas, Melinda was forgotten by everyone.
	"I saw it with my own eyes. Can it be false?" Melinda said. She played with the cakes on her plate boringly.
	Delicate and delicious little cake, at this time, she had no appetite at all.
	"Just now, I'm sorry." Kent thought of his attitude to Jonas just now and felt sorry for Melinda. If it were another person, she would have confronted him.
	"Nothing. I just don't know what to do now." Melinda didn't care about such things at all, so hearing Kent spoke for him, she only felt that Jonas knew well how to get people's trust.
	"I have a question to ask you. You have to answer me honestly." Kent became serious suddenly. After making sure that Jonas had an affair with other woman, he would help Melinda anyway.
	"What?" Melinda asked, looking at Kent waiting for his answer.
	"Are you really disillusioned with him? Can you really let go of your love for so many years?"
	Kent asked. That was why he was so serious. He was worried very much that the love of Melinda to Jonas hadn't completely dissipated.
	She wanted to leave just because she was disappointed.
	"Yes." After being silent for a while, Melinda nodded affirmatively. As for the strange feeling in her heart, she chose to ignore it.
	"Well, if this is the case, you can tell the media, and put pressure on Jonas."
	Kent had worked in the periodical office for a long time, so he was familiar with this kind of thing. Hearing this, Melinda's eyes lit up. Yes, by relying on the media, why didn't she think of it before?
	Melinda shouldn't make a reckless comment on the media. But at this point, she needed the power of the media.
	"I know what to do. Thank you, Kent,"
	Melinda said excitedly, but Kent was still worried about her, so he reminded her, "It's good, unless you regret it."
	"I won't regret and I won't give myself any chance to regret,"
	Melinda murmured. 
Chapter 153 Give Up
	It was a huge gamble and she had nothing at all so she had nothing to fear.
	Since Melinda had a target in her heart and knew what she should do, she quickly contacted the media and spread the news that she was going to divorce Jonas.
	Those media who received the news were naturally excited.
	The love between the young master of the Gu family was not as simple as it looked.
	All the media were in an uproar. Melinda just released the news but didn't want to tell the reason. But it didn't matter, because the media was best at making groundless accusations.
	Things went on as they expected. Early the next morning, as if they had made an appointment, all of them gathered at the downstairs of the Soaring Group.
	Just as Jonas pulled over, his car was besieged by a crowd of media. The security guards were scared by the scene. They quickly arranged security personnel to isolate the group.
	"Mr. Jonas, we got the news last night that you are going to divorce Mrs. Melinda. Is that true?"
	"Mr. Jonas, please accept our interview, will you?"
	"Mr. Jonas, are you divorced because of love or something else, or you have been pretending to love each other all the time?"
	"……"
	The media kept asking questions one after another like cannonballs. When Jonas heard the word "divorce", he stopped.
	Jonas, like an eagle, stared at the first reporter who made a speech. The whole crowd fell silent for a moment, and the reporter couldn't help but shrink a little.
	"Who is it that makes the rumor that my wife and I will divorce?"
	The word "divorce" was like a bomb exploding in his head. His rage almost spread to the whole company.
	"We all received a mysterious call last night, saying that you are going to divorce Mrs. Melinda, and we just need the truth," the reporter answered boldly. However, he was too scared to control himself.
	"This is a rumor. I warn you not to spread it, or you will face the consequences."
	Jonas wanted to fly into a rage, but his sense finally controlled him.
	The words "face the consequences" were like a mountain instantly pressed on the back of the media. Everyone was thinking that no matter whether the news was true or not, they did not dare to report it.
	Jonas was born with a commanding presence, so impressive.
	What happened this morning was just like a farce. The media came and left in a hurry. The result was not good enough for Melinda.
	This was not the result she wanted.
	Melinda simply couldn't stay at home. She printed another divorce agreement and directly went to the Soaring Group.
	No one dared to stop her when she was here. She had no barrier all the way to the CEO office.
	It was said that Jonas had kept on attending meetings, but the busy Jonas who was sitting in his chair was in a daze. The office was full of smoke.
	Melinda waved her hand in front of her nose. The curtain of the French window was drawn, and the office was a little dark. She walked to the remote control and opened the curtain.
	With the sound of mechanical sliding, the room gradually brightened up. With an uncomfortable frown, Jonas opened his eyes and was about to rebuke, only to find that the person was Melinda.
	Even though he had tried to escape for many days, he had to face the moment. Melinda squinted at him, and just noticed a bloody red dot flashing in his position.
	She was surprised to find that he was surrounded by cigarette butts. No wonder it was so thick.
	"Jonas, let's have a talk."
	When the smoke dissipated a lot, Melinda came up to the opposite side of Jonas and showed the divorce agreement in her hand to him again.
	"I've told you to turn to my lawyer for such stuff." Jonas put out the cigarette in his hand and sat in his seat elegantly with his hands crossed. He looked at Melinda with a touch of sadness in his eyes.
	"Is that funny?"
	Melinda asked. Jonas was escaping from facing the problem. She could do nothing just by talking again and again with a lawyer.
	"You can't even persuade my lawyer. How can you convince me?" asked Jonas in reply. He did it on purpose. As long as it could stall for time, he would do this at any time.
	The best solution was to keep it like this forever.
	"I have reported to the media that we are going to divorce."
	Melinda put her hand on the divorce agreement. This time, what was different from before was that there was no her signature on it.
	Jonas looked at her in shock. He had been wondering who released the news, but he didn't think it would be her.
	But thinking of it again, Jonas thought it was reasonable.
	Melinda was the one who would do that most. 'Why is she so anxious to divorce me? Do I really have no chance at all?'
	Countless questions hovered in Jonas's mind.
	"Jonas, if we don't divorce, I will not only expose the news of divorce, but also expose those photos to the media, including the ones in the hotel. At that time, the influence will not only fall on you,"
	Melinda said cruelly. She had asked Kent about this saying. It seemed that she was not born to be a cruel person.
	She tapped her fingers lightly on the table, as if she was giving some time for Jonas to think, but soon she continued, "Pure and innocent Emily was a mistress who destroyed other people's family. The CEO of the Soaring Group is irresponsible. It's exciting to think about these news."
	Melinda seemed to have recalled what would happen at that time, and the smile on her face became bigger.
	She controlled the progress very well at this time. If Jonas cared about Emily and the company, he wouldn't have let Emily be destroyed and the company's reputation would not be damaged.
	Jonas just felt depressed. It never occurred to him that one day Melinda would take the company's reputation to negotiate with him, and the content was divorce.
	"Melinda, can't you trust me?"
	After a long silence, Jonas answered slowly. He had asked the question many times, but he just couldn't accept the answer.
	Hearing this, Melinda seemed like hearing a big joke. She used to give all her heart to Jonas, but how did he treat her?
	How could Jonas accuse her of believing him now?
	"No, I can't,"
	Melinda said immediately. She didn't want to see her heart be messed up again. Every time she trusted him, the result would only be that she got hurt.
	The only happiness she had was temporary, but also mixed with interests.
	All she wanted was pure love, but Jonas could not afford it.
	"Why not?"
	Jonas asked in a very low voice. If it weren't for it was quiet in the room and there were only two of them in this room, Melinda wouldn't have heard it.
	In the face of his question, Melinda was also absent-minded for a moment. Yes, she didn't know why she should trust him.
	Trust was illusory. But there was one more time. When she loved him, she would not be afraid even if Jonas pointed a gun at her. She believed that Jonas would not hurt her.
	But when one didn't love someone, no matter what he or she sent to the person, the person would suspect that he or she was using the poison.
	"I think I have seen it clearly now. And I want to give up,"
	Melinda replied with her eyes closed. She suddenly felt a lump in her throat. At this time, she really hoped that the curtain hadn't been drawn, and then she could use the darkness to hide her fragility.
	However, in such a bright environment, she must be strong and couldn't show any flinch.
	Melinda warned herself. She still kept a straight face and looked at Jonas with a blank expression in her eyes, and only she knew how she felt.
	Silence reigned the whole office. They sat and stood face to face but didn't utter a word. The words "I give up" kept repeating in Jonas's mind.
	Did she give up their relationship? After so many years, was she finally tired?
	That was what he had been looking forward to. When he realized his heart at that moment, he felt his heart had been dug up.
	The pain and the stifling pain made him seem to be placed in the sea of fire, surrounded by endless flames and a suffocating feeling. Obviously, it was winter.
	"Give up. I don't love you any more, Jonas. Let me go. It has been six years."
	After saying this, Melinda lowered her head. It turned out that she did not have the strong calmness as she had imagined. When she really had to give up, she would still feel painful.
	'It doesn't matter. One will remember after the pain. Melinda, hold on, ' she thought to herself.
	In fact, it had been only five years. Thinking of all that had happened over the past few years and what he had done to Melinda, Jonas found that there was nothing worthy Melinda's trust.
	The only thing he brought to her was endless pain. The girl who was once fond of laughing was tortured so hard that she even forgot how to laugh.
	Jonas couldn't help but think of his unborn child. If the child didn't die and survived, what would happen between him and Melinda?
	But what done was done.
	Jonas's fingers were a little trembling. He picked up the pen with which he had signed lots of big contracts and took the divorce agreement in front of him.
	Melinda raised her head to look at him. It seemed that he was reading a very important contract. He read it through slowly and finally signed his name.
	Jonas didn't say a word during the whole process. He just silently signed the agreement with two copies signed. But only a careful person could find that his fingers were trembling like an old man. 
Chapter 154 Cold Face Warm Heart
	"Clap." The pen fell on the desk, and the whole person of Jonas leaned back on the chair. Melinda picked up the pen on the desk and signed her name quickly.
	"This is yours."
	Melinda left one of them to Jonas, and then left with the other one in her hand. She didn't have any mercy on it as she walked away decisively.
	With his mind preoccupied with the past, Jonas didn't notice that Melinda had left and felt dispirited in an instant.
	Her luggage had already been packed up. After returning to the Gu's mansion, she went straight to find Nelson and put the divorce agreement in front of him without saying a word.
	"Grandpa, take care of yourself." Nelson saw that both of them had signed their names on the agreement, so he didn't say anything more. At this time, he began to reflect on whether it was right or wrong to have them be together in a tough way.
	"What's your plan?"
	"I will leave here first."
	Melinda didn't plan to lie to Nelson. The study was empty, and he looked lonely. They didn't talk much before Melinda left.
	However, they didn't know when they would see each other again.
	After Melinda left the Gu family, Jonas returned home and found that the change was not big. Melinda almost brought nothing with her.
	Nelson told Yulia that Melinda and Jonas were divorced. The news came a little suddenly, but she was not surprised.
	After all, their private instigation had a big effect.
	The atmosphere in the Gu's mansion was not good. Everyone in the room was preoccupied with something. However, no one noticed Yulia. When Yulia returned to the bedroom, she told Emily about the news.
	"Finally they are divorced,"
	said Emily, relieved. It seemed that the hotel night was a big blow to her.
	"I don't know why Jonas suddenly agreed." Yulia didn't forget that they didn't divorce because Jonas didn't agree or even avoid facing Melinda.
	"Didn't you ask someone to report their divorce?" Emily was really shocked at this time. She thought that it was because Yulia finally became smart, but it turned out that Yulia was totally unaware of it.
	The two of them couldn't get a result, but the process was no longer important.
	Melinda had asked Kent to keep an eye on the new residence these days. After she moved out from Gu family, Kent took her to the new place.
	"That's all you have?" Kent was surprised to see that Melinda only carried a small suitcase. She had lived in the same place for several years. How could she have nothing?
	"Just bring some necessities. I can buy the rest." Melinda smiled to show her indifference. Kent had driven the car to the housing estate.
	This housing estate in A City was middle grade. The transportation was very convenient and the green was very good. There was a small garden in the middle. Because it was winter, no one was willing to go out.
	Melinda lived on the 12th floor, and there were four apartments on each floor. She lived in the innermost one.
	"Not bad."
	Melinda looked around and then came to the comment. It was a typical apartment with furniture, which was fully equipped, without a lot of trouble. Even if it was a little more expensive for rent, she felt it was worth it now.
	"My colleague recommended this place to me. It's said that the people in this area don't do square dancing, which is absolutely rare."
	"Treat your colleague for a meal. I'll pay the bill."
	There were two bedrooms in total. One of them was directly changed to the study by the original owner, with a lot of books in it.
	"Alright."
	"Well, I'll personally cook for you and your colleague here tomorrow. Ask your wife to come as well. I've caused you a lot of trouble in this period of time." Melinda and Kent's wife rarely met each other. Now she could not even remember her name.
	However, in order to avoid misunderstanding, Melinda directly made such a decision. Kent knew her and did not refuse.
	"Leo helped me a lot lately. Would you mind if I ask him to come too?" Melinda put the things in the bedroom and said to Kent, who was sitting in the living room.
	"Well, I haven't seen him for a while since I knew him." They had been talking on wechat all the time. When he came to A City, they were both busy and didn't pay much attention to this.
	Time passed by but they still hadn't seen each other.
	The meal was settled down. After sending Kent away, Melinda went to the supermarket nearby and bought many things.
	Melinda then settled down here. The next day, everyone had a happy reunion. In the following days, she was decorating her new home.
	When she was alone, she liked to play some music, listen to the radio, or simply turned on the TV. In this day, she cleaned the room and turned the TV on.
	"Thank you for your love, my fans. I have someone that I like, and I'll try my best to be with him." Emily looked calmly at the camera. Her years of career made her feel good about shooting.
	Emily was dressed in a purple dress, which looked very luxurious. Her hair style matched her dress, making her look fashion and gorgeous.
	Emily's voice was highly recognizable, and Melinda stopped all of a sudden. She had tried to escape those things these days. When she heard Emily's voice, she also picked up the things she had forgotten intentionally.
	There was Emily between her and Jonas, and now that they were divorced, Emily was telling the public that she liked someone in a short time.
	The hidden meaning was obvious.
	Melinda could think about it, so the media with a keen sense of nose for gossips was even keener on gossips. A reporter soon asked, "Emily, could you please tell us who he is? Fans must be curious about him, and want to know if he deserves you."
	It seemed that the reporters were concerned about Emily, but they were still digging out information. Most people avoided the topic, but Emily was very generous to have a big talk with them.
	She didn't say much, but it was enough for everyone to guess.
	"We have known each other for many years. Although he is cold on the outside, at least he treats me in such a gentle and easy way."
	Emily's cold voice was dripping with sarcasm. Many people promptly thought of Jonas. Likewise, someone also directly asked whether it was Jonas.
	"He is an excellent man."
	Emily avoided the topic cleverly, but in many people's eyes, she admitted it. Emily's agent took the opportunity to stand out, gave them a speech, and took Emily away.
	However, this didn't stop the media from spreading the gossip. Many magazines that were not afraid of death had already began to report it directly.
	The exaggerated topic appeared continuously in various ways, bringing this matter to the climax.
	Melinda felt disgusted to see Emily's pretension in front of the camera, but she calmly turned off the TV.
	Since she had decided to leave and give up, those things would have nothing to do with her.
	Since their divorce, Jonas had paid all his attention to his work. He knew these things from the secretary office by accident and heard someone talking about them.
	Those secretaries who were talking happily turned around and saw their CEO standing behind with a cold face. All of them were stunned and stood still.
	"Bo... Boss." the secretary who had already stuttered regretted gossip now. After all, the office had specifically said that gossip was not allowed.
	In the past, Jonas would punish her in a violent way, but now he just warned her casually and then returned to his office.
	With just a few key words, Jonas saw the video on that day.
	"William." Just a few minutes after Jonas finished his words, William came in. It was already usual for him to be on standby at any time.
	"Has the media contacted me lately?" Jonas's question was reasonable. Since the media dared to say it was him, they would try to contact him, trying to get the news from both sides and then confirmed the gossip.
	"I have refused everything as you said."
	William was confused. As the chief secretary, he was busy every day, so he didn't know about it. Every time media called him, he would be refused with various excuses.
	He was good at dealing with such things.
	"Find a few familiar media to spread the news that who Emily likes has nothing to do with me, but I have someone I love. Tell them not to make groundless rumors."
	It was true that Jonas had promised to divorce, but that didn't mean that he had given up. On the one hand, he was worried that Melinda would be disappointed in such a news. On the other hand, he hoped that she would see it and come back to him in a fit of anger to stimulate Emily.
	He knew that it was unlikely for Melinda to do that because of her character.
	Therefore, he must make a statement to clarify his position. He and Melinda had enough misunderstanding.
	William had always been an efficient person. As soon as Jonas commanded, many copies appeared on the Internet, and the news of the two had been analyzed together.
	Thinking of the efforts Emily said and Jonas quickly disassociated himself from her, they came up with a dramatic play.
	Melinda intended to avoid these news, but she could never stop the headline of Weibo.
	It was a well-known blogger's analysis of the two people's words. He described Emily as a poor girl who had a crush on Jonas but had no chance to be recognized by him because of her identity.
	"It's good. Both of them fell in love with someone,"
	Melinda murmured as she closed the website. She was a literary woman, but she thought that Jonas's words that who Emily liked had nothing to do with him meant it was enough as long as he liked Emily.
	If Jonas knew that it was he who avoided arousing suspicion but Melinda misunderstood him, he would be so angry.
	Melinda was annoyed with the news for no reason, and then reminded herself that it was time to start a new life and say goodbye to the past. 
Chapter 155 Decorate New Home
	News on the Internet was the most efficient. As for the gossip, it was soon passed. In addition, the news was no longer talked about because of the pressure put on the magazines by Jonas.
	Only Emily's fans were just talking about this matter.
	If their idol was linked to such a wealthy family, they could brag about it for a long time.
	After the divorce, Yulia had no connection with Emily. Unexpectedly, she received a call from Emily.
	"Let's cooperate again," Emily said directly. It had made it clear to her how important it was to have a person of hers beside Jonas.
	"Melinda has left. I think there is nothing to cooperate between us."
	"Haven't you read your brother's statement? As long as your brother doesn't marry someone, Melinda can come back again."
	When Emily read the declaration of Jonas, she was angry, and then worried, so she wanted to be Jonas's wife as soon as possible.
	Yulia began to hesitate. In the beginning, she did not want to contact Emily. After all, if her family knew about this, she would be done.
	However, what Emily said reminded her that it was possible that Melinda would come back. After all, this had happened once.
	"My brother has been drinking in the TT club these days. That's all I know." Yulia was not stupid and she knew what Emily's purpose was. And now she was very familiar with revealing others' whereabouts.
	When Emily got the news she wanted, she quickly got dressed and set out for TT club.
	She was also a member of this club, and her friends who worked in it could help her. Soon, Emily got to know on which floor Jonas was in recently.
	Today happened to be a cocktail party, the host did not refuse such a big star as Emily, and even gossiped to remind her, "Mr. Jonas is also here today."
	A dash of delight flashed through Emily's eyes. She then asked surprisedly, "Is Jonas here?"
	With only a few words, it was a coincidence again deliberately. Emily found Jonas at the corner of the party.
	Many people around wanted to greet him and talk with him, but they were afraid of the low pressure around him and they all stopped.
	"Jonas." Emily naturally sat down next to him. Since Jonas was drinking, he just raised his eyes slightly, as if saying that he knew that she had come.
	His indifferent attitude made Emily nervous. Then she plucked up her courage and asked, "Can you give me a chance?"
	She looked down, as if afraid of knowing a bad result.
	Her words exposed her heart. Hearing that, Jonas didn't stop what he was doing.
	"Jonas, I have liked you since the first sight. It's just like breathing, a part of my life that I can't change. So give me a chance."
	Seeing that Jonas had no reaction, Emily was on the verge of crying. But it was still not enough to make Jonas frown a little.
	"I hope you can realize one thing, that the person I love is Melinda." In spite of the noise around them, Emily clearly heard what Jonas said.
	The person he loved was none other than Melinda. Hearing this, Emily's face turned pale. Indeed, it was not enough to make Melinda leave!
	"I have no feelings for you. Considering the friendship in the past, I could take you as my little sister. I can help you move to any position in the entertainment industry,"
	said Jonas calmly. There was no fluctuation in his mood, but his attitude was very firm.
	Today he wore a black suit and a military green coat, hanging on the side casually. His long legs were crossed, and he was holding a glass of wine and staring at it carefully.
	Emily had been sitting here for a long time, but he didn't even cast a glance at her.
	Such an attitude was the most disheartening thing for Emily. She even had an impulse to step forward and force Jonas to look at her.
	She was unwilling to accept such a result. She even fancied that Jonas was not willing to see her because he was cheating her. He felt guilty.
	However, everything was just Emily's fantasy. Before she came to herself, Jonas picked up the coat aside and stood up. His condescending manner made Emily as humble as an ant in an instant.
	It seemed that she was not good enough to marry Jonas.
	"You can be ambitious in your career, but don't waste your time on me in emotional circles."
	There was a hint of warning in Jonas's words. Emily knew him well, how could she not understand what he meant?
	Seeing that Jonas was about to leave, she stood up in a hurry, wrapped her arms around his waist from behind, and her cheek instantly pressed on his back.
	The feeling of warmth was the same as that when she was a child. But his standing straight made her not feel any tenderness when she leaned against him.
	Tears streamed down Emily's cheeks. "Jonas, I don't want to have those careers. I work so hard just to be a good match for you. My biggest wish is to marry you. I want nothing but you. Come back to me, okay?"
	While Emily was pleading, Jonas stretched out his hands and removed the arms around his waist. His face was expressionless and impatient.
	Her sobbing and complaint now looked like a joke. Jonas pushed her away a little to keep a distance from her. With a long face, he said to William, "Miss Bai is drunk. Please ask the club's waiter to send her back to her room."
	Apart from William, there was also an assistant. The two of them were on Emily's both sides, standing next to her like guardians.
	But they were vigilant, as if they were afraid that Emily would rush to Jonas and hold him again.
	William didn't dare to think further if this happened. He thought the heat had been turned on a little too much and his forehead was sweating.
	Since Jonas had left, the host of the party still came to greet him and saw that there was something wrong between the two people, so he sent him away politely with flattery.
	Looking at the leaving figure of Jonas, Emily was not reconciled. She bit her lips slightly, which was obvious even in the dim light.
	William looked at her very calmly. Then he reminded her as what Jonas said, "Miss Bai, you are drunk. Go back and have a rest."
	Many members of the club had their own private rooms here, and Emily was no exception. William and the assistant looked at her in the way as if she was a thief. Emily's anger surged to the top again.
	But she couldn't vent her anger on such an occasion.
	She led the way, and William and his assistant let out a sigh of relief, but they still followed behind her. It was not until they made sure that Emily had gone back to her room that they remembered they did not know where Jonas was.
	After leaving the party, Jonas left the club directly. It was about seven o'clock in the evening, but it was very dark at night.
	Neon lights were the only lights in the city night. Where were the stars? It could only be seen in the suburb.
	Compared with the bustling city, Jonas looked out of place. He preferred to stay quietly with Melinda in his small villa.
	He felt a sharp pain in his heart, which he had when he thought of Melinda recently.
	Jonas almost doubted that he had a heart attack.
	The conversation in his office that day appeared in his dream every night. Though Melinda had tried to get through the darkness of five years, Jonas was trapped in it.
	He had been restraining himself not to contact Melinda, but tonight his missing seemed to be a whole peaking point. Jonas could no longer hold it in any longer and parked his car in the grass on the roadside. Then he took out his mobile phone and dialed the number he had already memorized directly.
	Jonas had thought that he would wait for a long time, and was not sure whether Melinda was willing to answer his call. But he figured out everything after he dialed out the number.
	He was added to the blacklist by Melinda again, and her decision was obvious.
	The mobile phone was ruthlessly thrown to the passenger seat. Jonas was leaning against the steering wheel, dispirited. He was indignant at Melinda's ruthlessness, but he bitterly found that he could not stand in any position to question her.
	They divorced, so Melinda could do whatever she wanted. However angry he was, she would not care.
	At the same time, standing in front of a variety of goods in the supermarket, Melinda was carefully choosing and comparing.
	This kind of life was what she had only had when she was in college, ordinary, and she didn't care about her status as a wealthy lady.
	She could do whatever she wanted without caring about how others thought of her.
	The only heating machine in the new house was equipped in the bedroom. Melinda was not willing to go out usually, so shopping in the morning was out of her consideration.
	At night, she was going to buy the things she would need the next day, and then go for some snacks and other stuff.
	She would buy whatever she liked without a specific goal.
	At this time, the supermarket was the most bustling. Melinda's shopping cart had already piled up a lot of things.
	Melinda had a roommate in college, who often said that one should have a sense of ceremony in his or her life and then have an exquisite life.
	In the past, she was devoted to Jonas, and she thought that it was enough as long as the life was comfortable. But she felt that it made sense now.
	When she put all her heart on it, she would feel very happy, fulfilling, and satisfied from the bottom of her heart.
	So even if she was buying a plate now, she had to carefully choose the patterns on it. She bought the plate and then wanted to buy the table cloth of the same style. Then the shopping cart was even fuller.
	It was a large supermarket in the community. There were special people helping deliver the goods to the door, which would save much trouble for Melinda.
	She arranged everything in a place as she thought, and the whole home had been renewed. 
Chapter 156 The Playboy
	Melinda was never so calm in the past few years. She used to go after Jonas.
	This time, she was going to live for herself.
	Melinda looked around her small home, with a soft smile on her face and a touch of relaxation.
	She hadn't planned for the future, but now she began to think carefully about what she should do next. First of all, she needed to have a job as a mature urban woman.
	After browsing the recruitment, Melinda found that she had no resume. The resume in the USB flash drive was used during her university years as a part-time job. But it was useless now.
	"It seems that I need to make a resume first," Melinda sighed with emotion. It was not easy to be a rich lady. Now she was unfamiliar with these, so she finally made a fairly perfect resume with the help of Kent.
	That was because she was once a graduate and had no experience in business.
	"What do you want to do?"
	It had been a long time since Melinda graduated, but she was just like a girl who was just out of college, except for that she looked more mature now for the experience in the past few years.
	"I'm watching it. Full time job, but... But it might be a little difficult for me to find a suitable one. Just do it step by step. A bite can't make me fat."
	Melinda had read many company's requests today. Most of them want experienced people first. She just had taken part-time jobs several years ago.
	As the society was developing, the working content of each profession naturally changed.
	Her hesitation just now was because she thought that she had been isolated from the society all these years, but it didn't matter, because she had much time to adapt to it now.
	"Full time job is pretty good. You can support yourself here, but you don't need to live a single-time life," Kent replied.
	Now what worried Kent most was that Melinda was always alone. The life in Gu family had made her almost disappear in her circle of friends. It was not easy to get rid of it, but he didn't want her to be trapped in it.
	"How about I recommend you some companies?" Kent has accumulated a lot of connections over the years, and he can help a lot to find a job in the industry for Melinda.
	"Am I using a back door?" Melinda joked. She certainly knew that Kent's recommendation was not simple. But she knew a lot about various rules in the past years, so she would not refuse.
	"Yes, don't embarrass me." Kent did not hide anything from her, and then sent a document to Melinda. It contained the information of several companies and he marked the key points to her carefully.
	With the help of Kent, it was easy for Melinda to find a job. She chose a position she was interested in and sent her resume.
	The interview was quickly arranged for her. Melinda was a little nervous before the interview and her indifferent attitude at the time overshadowed other interviewers.
	At last, Melinda entered the company. She felt happy simply that she could work as an employee.
	Perhaps, she didn't get high salary than writing, but such a life would not be monotonous, even if there were struggles in the dark.
	"Melinda, do you want a takeout?"
	"As usual, please order for me. I have a file to deliver first." Melinda was in the planning department with the proposal of a wine party in her hand.
	"Okay." The colleague then began to ask other colleagues. Melinda had to send the proposal to the general manager's office. As no more than three floors, she walked down the stairs.
	The light in the stairwell was somewhat dim, and Melinda suddenly heard a strange voice. She looked ahead and saw a couple kissing passionately not far away. They seemed to have forgotten everything else.
	At this time, Melinda felt that it was not a good thing to have a good eyesight. The man in front of her was her boss, Victor Cheng, and the woman was not a stranger. She was a model who often had cooperation with this company.
	'I didn't anything, I didn't see anything.' With this in mind, Melinda concealed her astonishment and sped up in silence, wishing that the document could cover her face.
	Victor pushed the female model away as soon as he heard the footsteps. Now he was amused to see Melinda lowering her head and running away.
	The female model leaned against the door of the stairwell, her fingers moving around Victor's chest in circles.
	"Let's go." Victor grabbed her hand, opened the door and rushed out.
	Hearing the noise down there, Melinda paused for a second. She tried her best to control herself not to turn around out of curiosity.
	A variety of plots rushed into her mind. According to the normal development of the novel, she would be forced out of the company in the future by her boss, would she?
	Lost in wild thoughts, Melinda walked to the general manager's office, handed over the documents, and left in a hurry. At this time, she went to the elevator tamely.
	The stairwell was an evil thing and so many stories started from here. It was better to walk less in the future.
	After thinking for a long time after Victor went back to his office, he finally remembered the person named Melinda.
	The woman recommended by Kent? Interesting. A mischievous smile flitted across Victor's eyes.
	"Melinda, are you going to pick up a dress for the party after work?" Maggie, who was the girl who had helped Melinda to order takeout before, asked when she saw her.
	"A company party?" As soon as Melinda returned to her seat, she took a gulp of water. Thinking of what had happened just now, she regretted again for not taking the elevator.
	"Yeah, you took part in the plan, didn't you? Don't you know the employees are coming?" Maggie asked. After working with Melinda for some time, she had learnt that she was not a competitive person.
	"I didn't notice. Tonight? Okay." Melinda was still thinking about whether she would be resigned before getting off work, but she suddenly forgot about it.
	The planning of the cocktail party of the company had been revised twice before it was finally agreed by the top authority. The rest of the matter was not their concern. In Maggie's words, they had been stewing in brain for a month. When they finished, they would just need to show up as beautiful as they can.
	In Melinda's opinion, the beauty in winter was always unbearable. Wearing a dress on such a cold day was really a kind of torture.
	The fishtail long dress Melinda chose was simple, showing her curvy body. The black color demonstrated her noble temperament.
	"Melinda, you are absolutely stunning. You deserve to be the leading woman of the planning department." Maggie was wearing a short white dress, which made her look pretty. But she looked a little bit childish in this dress.
	"You are the most beautiful girl in our department," Melinda said with a smile. They went to the cocktail party together, with central heating on. As they handed the coats to the waiter, Melinda and Maggie went to find food.
	"I am so happy. There is macaroon." Maggie stared at the colorful macaroon with her eyes wide open. It was she who added the macaroon on the list.
	Melinda was not interested in these things. What she liked most in attending the party was to find a seat in the corner and watch others dance.
	But it was a little different this time. Maggie, who was fond of boisterousness, stood beside her.
	A girl who wanted to take her to run around the whole hall.
	They were so focused on the food that they didn't notice that many people were fixing their eyes on Melinda, and some even looked at her with ill intentions.
	Or perhaps, they had another lewd and dirty idea.
	"Is it enough? If you eat too much, the dress will be tore." Seeing that Maggie was eating all the time, Melinda couldn't help stopping her. It was a slim dress, and if she ate too much, her belly would bulge out.
	"Yes, you are right." Maggie nodded seriously and was about to leave with her, while Melinda's another arm was held by someone.
	The two women turned their heads and looked at the man, who stared at Melinda with fixed eyes and even rubbed his hand against her arm.
	A feeling of nausea came to Melinda. She put the thing on the table, reached out and pushed his hand away, and the man acted greedily and held her.
	Maggie stood aside, at a loss. Seeing this, the smile on Melinda's face faded. Her face darkened and she said, "Mr. Li, please behave yourself."
	"Isn't this Miss Mo? You look so beautiful today that anyone who sees you will be impulsive. Don't get me wrong. I mean I am impulsive to praise you,"
	Mr. Li said and looked at Melinda with his small eyes. The extra explanation was more a kind of flirtation.
	Melinda knew the man in front of her was an important partner of the company, and also one of the most important customers in the planning department. She had to come up with a good idea.
	In fact, what she wanted to do most was to beat the man up.
	"Mr. Li, you have keen eyes. Melinda is the face of our planning department. We always support her. If anyone dares to bully her, the whole planning department will not let the bully go."
	Just as Melinda was in a dilemma, the voice of Victor came. His tall stature instantly overwhelmed that of the other side in an imposing manner. Mr. Li finally let go of Melinda and spoke to Victor.
	At this moment, he looked at Melinda from time to time.
	Then Victor sent Mr. Li away with a few words. Just then, Melinda wiped her arm with a wet tissue, feeling disgusting. When she saw Victor looking at her, she sincerely thanked him, "Thank you, Mr. Cheng."
	"I get to know Mr. Li a little bit now. You are really a fascinating... A voluptuous woman." Victor thought for a long time and came up with the adjective.
	The gratefulness on Melinda's face was replaced by coldness at once. The favor that had just come to her mind was all gone thanks to the tricks of this playboy.
	She could not help but recall what she saw in the stairwell that day.
	Instead of feeling anything wrong, Victor thought that he had described her properly. 
Chapter 157 A Petty Man
	The women like Melinda mainly attracted the people who liked hooking up. She had a good look, body and temperament, so she was absolutely rare.
	Compared with the women he had hooked up, no one was comparable to Melinda.
	"Mr. Cheng, please behave yourself." Melinda repeated what she had said to Mr. Li to Victor. Then she pulled Maggie out of here, who was still in shock.
	Rubbing his chin, Victor stared at Melinda with even brighter eyes. She was indeed different.
	"Melinda, are you okay?" Maggie came back to her senses. Seeing the cold face of Melinda, she became a little scared.
	Yes, she was scared. Maggie was sure that she would become scared when she felt Melinda's aura. She was just like a superior.
	"I'm okay,"
	Melinda answered perfunctorily, looking at the clothes on her body a little bit annoying. Such remarks came to her mind many times not long ago.
	'Calm down. Calm down. It's not the past. Take it as a praise, ' she thought to herself.
	Before the party was over, Melinda left. On a winter night, it was cold. Despite the coat covering her body, she wrapped herself up and returned home in the dark.
	She felt better after taking a hot bath. Her phone on the night stand was receiving messages all the time.
	Many messages were sent by the company group and department group. Melinda glanced over them and found that they were all discussing the party, so she didn't pay attention to them.
	Maggie sent several messages to her. Just when Melinda was about to reply, she saw a new friend on the contact list.
	"Added by phone number? Someone I know?"
	Seeing the request to be added by a cellphone number, Melinda hesitated and then clicked "agree". That person's information was very simple. His wechat moments was blank, and his profile photo was black, and it showed that he was in the same city with her.
	"Hello." In order to be polite, Melinda took the initiative to say hello to the person. Her message box always showed that the other side was typing something. She replied a message from Maggie, and she cut back again. The person was still typing.
	On the other side of the wechat, looking at "hello" in the phone with a simple but polite style, Jonas felt mixed feelings, so he didn't know what to say as he typed and deleted.
	He hadn't contacted Melinda for a long time. He didn't know if she was still angry.
	After some hesitation, Jonas sent the message.
	"Melinda, can we meet and have a good talk?"
	After reading this message, Melinda was in a daze for a long time. She hadn't seen this person for a long time. How long had she not thought of him? It was all illusions.
	She seemed to have abandoned everything in the past, but she couldn't help but think of it every night when it was quiet.
	"Mr. Jonas, we have broken up. I hope you will not appear in my life in any form." Melinda had never expected that Jonas would register a new number and add her number.
	It was not suitable for them to have a private conversation.
	Melinda blacklisted Jonas without thinking, and put the phone under her pillow in a huff.
	When Jonas sent another message, he saw the red exclamation mark. A sense of powerlessness swept over him.
	She still didn't want to talk to him.
	"Jonas, why are you here alone?' Queena saw a mass of darkness and was still thinking about who it was. She turned on the light and found that was her son under the shadow.
	"Mommy, haven't you gone to bed?"
	Jonas greeted Queena with a forced smile. He looked so sad. Queena's heart ached when she saw Jonas like this. He had worn a cold face ever since Melinda left, like he was ice covered every day.
	She felt awful.
	"Are you thinking of Melinda?" Queena poured a glass of water for each of them, and walked up to Jonas. She didn't ask him this question, but she couldn't help asking him when she saw that he was enduring alone.
	"Yes.
	I want to pursue Melinda," Jonas said bitterly. It was a little more difficult than he thought. He was blacklisted again only by one sentence.
	"You've met difficulties? Are you going to give up so easily?"
	Queena didn't miss the expression on Jonas's face. She guessed that Jonas was definitely snubbed by Melinda again.
	"Yes." When they talked about it in the past, Jonas always had a pride of himself and not felt embarrassed about it.
	"I'll ask her out for you." When Queena saw that there was nothing Jonas could do, she thought of the situation he had been in these days, and it was in a deep way that she realized that Jonas's feelings for Melinda was serious.
	Queena was a woman of action. She said she would help Jonas and she asked Melinda out to meet the next day. Melinda was hesitating. In the end, she said, "Even if you have nothing to do with Jonas, are you going to break up with me and Nelson?"
	Queena asked Melinda to meet at a tea restaurant where they often went to before. It was a little far away from Melinda's company, so Melinda specially said to Maggie and went earlier.
	But when Melinda saw the one sitting in the appointed seat was Jonas, she stopped at once and was about to leave without thinking.
	"Melinda."
	Standing up from the seat, Jonas hurriedly walked over to hold her hand. "Since we're already here, let's eat something first," said Jonas.
	He offered to show his affection to Melinda, but she didn't make any response. Looking at his eager eyes, she gave in.
	Now there was no place for her to eat outside and she would be hungry if she went back to the company. With a cold face, Melinda found an excuse for herself and sat down opposite to Jonas.
	But throughout the meal, she didn't respond no matter what Jonas said. The two of them seemed to share the table, or, in other words, they were better than them.
	"I'm full. Thank you for your lunch, Mr. Jonas. Send regards to Mrs. Queena and Mr. Nelson for me." Melinda was eating fast and sitting there regretfully.
	Jonas wanted to say something to make her stay, but Melinda had already left with her handbag.
	After walking into the elevator, Melinda leaned against the wall weakly. Just now, she was with Jonas, so depressed that she felt uncomfortable even if he kept showing his affection to her.
	But maybe Jonas didn't know that all his ingratiation was the omen of a plot in the eyes of Melinda.
	Did grandpa ask him to do this again?
	Melinda returned to her office with something on her mind. Maggie was eating her burger. She was surprised to see Melinda coming back so soon. "Didn't you say that you were going to have lunch with the elders? Why do you come back so soon?"
	"I have something to do here. You order takeout again,"
	Melinda answered powerlessly. She saw that the crisp, chicken and other dishes on Maggie's table.
	Usually when she was with her, Maggie would go to the canteen or have lunch with her outside.
	"Hey, hey, it's a new restaurant. Do you want to have a try?" Maggie grabbed a slice of chicken and lifted it to Melinda's mouth. "I'm not hungry," Melinda responded, shaking her head.
	"What did you eat? I can't believe you ate so much. You need to save some room for afternoon tea, okay?" After hearing what Maggie said, Melinda was confused. To be honest, she didn't remember what she had eaten.
	She felt the food was as dry as sawdust, and wanted to leave as soon as possible.
	Seeing her in low mood, Maggie didn't say another word. She then continued to eat and watch play. She felt very comfortable.
	Meanwhile, the Melinda's seat in the restaurant was full of what Melinda liked to eat. Sitting on the seat, Jonas held his chopsticks for a long time.
	He tried everything Melinda liked.
	"William, go and check my wife's current situation," Jonas ordered. Jonas came back to the company, only to issue this order, and sat in a daze in the office.
	With Soaring Group's power, it was easy for him to investigate Melinda. Before long, William put the information of Melinda in front of Jonas.
	"Love Read Company?"
	Jonas read the name of this company. He felt it quite familiar, but he couldn't remember whose company it was.
	Until the next page began to introduce the company that the name of Victor appeared in the leadership circle.
	Victor was a famous playboy and a distant cousin of Jonas, and he had no idea how distant he was.
	Jonas knew he was a playboy.
	At the thought of that Melinda was working for him now, Jonas could not help but worry about her. Melinda had been working for a period of time. Was she being thought of by his cousin, a beast.
	The more he thought about it, the colder his face became.
	Jonas found Victor's number on it and dialed it.
	"Melinda, Mr. Cheng is looking for you. Be careful," Maggie shouted, then she approached to Melinda and whispered. She remembered the cocktail party.
	Did Mr. Cheng come to get even with her afterwards? How could he be so petty?
	"Don't worry." However, Melinda was not scared at all. She knew that it was okay for Victor to see her. If he really came to her for that day's matter, she would simply quit her job.
	At most, she felt sorry that Kent had helped her.
	"Come in."
	Melinda knocked on the door. Soon she heard the voice of Victor. She pushed the door open and walked in. He was neither angry nor teasing her.
	It was rare to see Victor behave so formally. When he saw her, he greeted passionately, "Hi, Melinda. Come and sit here."
	His attitude was sincere and easy-going, which confused Melinda for a while.
	"You have been here for some time. Do you fit in?" Victor poured a glass of milk for Melinda. This was what his little cousin ordered.
	"Thank you, Mr. Cheng. The atmosphere in the company is good. I can get used to it."
	Melinda took the milk, but didn't drink it. She was on guard against Victor, but she did not show it, so as not to embarrass him.
	"Really? That's great. How's your work going recently? Is there any problems? If you have difficulties, you can come to me."
	Feeling a little embarrassed, but Victor still continued the embarrassed conversation.
Chapter 158 Laurel
	"Everything is fine," Melinda answered as she deepened her doubts, and she wondered if this Victor was just a leader greeting his new subordinate kindly.
	Anyway, this man didn't seem to have any relationship with such a serious thing.
	"What are you in charge of now?" Noticing that Melinda gave a perfunctory reply, Victor felt that she was not like other new employees who was eager to praise his diligence and the company.
	Jonas hadn't contacted him for a long time, and he called him just for asking him to take care of such a fussy person.
	"Mr. Cheng, this is the planning department." Melinda reminded him vaguely. She thought, 'What else could the planning department do besides writing a plan and proposal?'
	But she would occasionally help other colleagues analyze the articles and write comments, which was a relatively professional thing.
	"I remember that you didn't majored in planning in your resume." Victor started to talk embarrassed again. After Melinda failed to figure out his mind, she briefly explained the reason why she had come to this department at that time.
	Melinda had no idea why she wanted to be admitted to the planning department until now.
	"Are you interested in transferring to another department? I've been quite interested in a literary work recently. Do you want to have a look?"
	Before Melinda could answer, Victor took the laptop from aside and opened the literary work he liked to show it to her.
	"This is it. Have a look and tell me how its value is." Victor turned the screen to Melinda, who was staring at the screen. It was a short paragraph with the content of around 30000 words, realistic.
	The words were not gorgeous but plain, but there were many life reasons in them.
	Melinda slowed down and immersed in the work.
	She thought carefully about the situation when the writer wrote this article, trying to reach a resonance with the words.
	She watched it so intently that she didn't notice that Victor had his eyes fixed on her. He had his own opinions about this article, and he wanted to discuss it with others at this moment.
	With this in mind, he put his hand on Melinda's shoulder. It seemed that he was holding her as holding his girlfriends.
	Feeling that, Melinda's body froze and then she pushed away Victor's hand. Without taking a look at him, Victor touched his nose and felt embarrassed.
	"Melinda, your attitude is very hurtful. I am at least a handsome man." Victor pretended to be hurt. Melinda finally looked away from the article.
	"Mr. Cheng, the stories you read are self-beneficial, but you do not understand it enough." Melinda kept a proper distance from the man and moved her body with a faint smile.
	Through his banter, Melinda realized that Victor was a bit dandiacal. She didn't care about what happened just now at all.
	"Living in this world, isn't it a pastime? 90% of those well-behaved men are not handsome. It is easier to say that they are just the ordinary people, who struggle for life and then seek countless ways to motivate themselves,"
	said Victor. At the moment, Melinda had a feeling that what he said was quite reasonable.
	But, was this topic a little bit out of the way.
	"Then, should I continue to read this article?"
	Melinda asked very friendly, pointing at the laptop. But Victor felt that there was a sharpness behind Melinda's smile, which he couldn't understand.
	"Yes, go on,"
	said Victor. He knew better than anyone else that his words were nonsense.
	However, he couldn't control himself and he got close to Melinda again, in order to talk with her as soon as possible. Melinda turned to look at him vigilantly and warned, "Mr. Cheng, I don't like to be so close to strangers."
	All of a sudden, Victor felt that as a leader, he didn't look so dignified at all.
	"Sorry, I'll keep it in my mind," Victor apologized sincerely, which made Melinda embarrassed to say too much. It would take some time to read the article carefully.
	"It's a philosophical article," Melinda said her remark. She thought that this article was simple and unsophisticated, but it was also profound and philosophical.
	Someone wouldn't be able to read it unless the writer added some notes to it.
	"Oh, really? I find this kind of articles quite novel." Hearing what Melinda said, Victor felt excited. It seemed that she was not as useless as he thought.
	"Mr. Cheng, please allow me to tell you one thing. I don't know where you found this article, but I want to tell you that your so-called novel work is a little common on the Internet."
	Melinda made a sharp comment with a little disappointment. Maybe it was a unique work of the two schools as they mixed together, but it didn't go well.
	If the writer continued to write it based on the style in the beginning, Melinda would agree with it. But later, in order to show his appreciation, the writer destroyed the whole article.
	"Ah." It was a little embarrassing for Victor to hear such a sarcastic remark. He hadn't recovered from the sudden change of Melinda's attitude.
	The word "common" was really an artistic sarcasm.
	"Well, I'd like to do a summary of the comments and the places that I think improved... Of course, these are my personal views. Maybe, some people prefer this kind of mixing."
	Melinda felt that the literary research she was doing would not be equal to the authority or something, and she felt that her work was very common.
	And it made Melinda feel that this style might not be the style people liked.
	Those ordinary people didn't like the profound words, but somehow the researchers thought the shallow work was worthless.
	When Victor heard the last sentence, his eyes twitched. He completely believed that it was him that Melinda said that.
	However, after listening to her opinion, he felt that it was quite reasonable.
	"You are really talented in this respect. I think it would be more appropriate for you to go to the editing department, write an article and make comments."
	Victor thought that Melinda was really talented in the sector. She could not show her talent in the planning department and could fully display her competence in this field.
	It didn't mean that the planning department was not good, but that Melinda was more suitable for editing department. What's more, his company's planning department was really idle. They worked hard occasionally, because many activities were reference from the past years.
	"What?" With a curious look on her face, Melinda looked at Victor. She had observed the article and talked her insights of the article for quite a long time, and all of them had been done in order to transfer the departments?
	Wasn't that could be directly decided by the superior? Obviously, Victor was different from ordinary people.
	"Go and have a try," Victor encouraged. He thought that Melinda was hesitating, but he thought that she could be of great potential.
	He also read the article of Melinda before, thinking that if he let her worked in the editing department, she might make the company more famous in the industry.
	The simple conversation ended up with the removal of a department, where Victor had the right to do that.
	Victor didn't have much requirements for Melinda. According to the company's requirements, the writers should submit three manuscripts a month, all of which were topic requirements.
	With that, Melinda went through the whole draft. The appearance of Melinda made the writers painful for a long time. The new editor was hard on them.
	So what? They had no choice but to modify the article.
	Melinda was strict with others and herself. What she hated most was to see some ambiguous articles, though it was the most popular.
	Victor listened to the people in the editing department talking about Melinda. Then he remembered how he was taunted that day.
	People like Melinda respected the literature, so they wanted to get rigorous reports and articles.
	The topic offered by the company was quite professional. There had been a change in Melinda's company-home-route life. She often went to the library to borrow books or buy books. Her study was packed with books.
	"It's okay."
	Kent replied to Melinda on wechat. The novel, with only ten thousand words, had cost her more than half a month.
	Melinda was at the beginning to try at writing this kind of novel, so she still felt a bit raw. She often asked Kent for help. She had to write three novels a month, it was difficult for her to even write two.
	"I don't think I am capable to do this work." Melinda was relieved, and then sent the document to the editor in chief for review.
	"You should take some time to get used to it. You've already done a good job. There are many writers in my periodical office. It takes them several months to get used to it,"
	Kent comforted her. The journal article was not the same as the online ones, which was enough as long as one had some writing skills to write and could satisfy the fans.
	"Okay, I will take a rest to relax my mind." Melinda had received a positive expression from the editor in chief when she was replying to Kent. She took a glass of water to drink, but she almost choked the next second.
	"Sir, are you serious? ? ?" To express her astonishment, Melinda gave three question marks in a row.
	It was really shocking. The editor in chief was about to contact another magazine and release her article on a national magazine.
	So the gold content was different.
	"Just have a try. I don't know if I can make it or not." The editor in chief replied with a smile again. Melinda no longer knew how to express her feelings. At last, she agreed.
	That was a great honor for any writer.
	After having a try, Melinda's article was selected. The other side was very interested in Melinda and wanted to have a long-term cooperation with her.
	Victor sent his congratulations as soon as he got the news. He was proud of himself that he found her talent.
	The editor in chief also hoped to cooperate with the other party, and Melinda was the bridge. At last, the three groups reached a cooperation of the three manuscripts in two months.
	Melinda felt that with such quality and intensity, she could not write three articles a month. Writing three articles in two month was actually hard too.
	Now she could understand the feeling of those writers whose article was driven back by her. 
Chapter 159 Strong Enough
	Not every of Melinda's draft could be read, but there were a few copies, and the company gave a reward for this, asking others to learn from her.
	At the moment, Melinda became the hottest one in the company.
	"It's so difficult to see you now," Indeed, she was very busy at the moment. Seeing her good image, the company almost wanted to wrap her up as a super star writer.
	"Thank you for your patronage, Mr. Cheng."
	The content of her article had reached an unprecedentedly high level. The article she posted on the Internet had been cut off for a long time.
	"I know you have been tired lately. I will put aside the novel. You are good at writing and have a unique insight into many aspects, Which is very rare." After a while, Victor continued.
	"What do you want to say? Just say it."
	She poured a glass of warm water for him. Noticing that he said he was tired, he drank it all at once.
	"Well, the matter is that I'm going to ask you to write a report on the homosexuality. You know that this topic is still very controversial and the theme seems to be very attractive."
	Hearing that, Melinda's face suddenly froze. She even doubted if she had heard it wrong.
	"You are gay? You have been living a playful life these years just to cover up your sexual orientation. "
	Her two consecutive questions made Victor green in the face.
	"What are you talking about? I just said this topic is great." Hearing this, Victor flew into a rage. He could tell from her eyes that she was kind. Melinda didn't think she meant to hurt him.
	"Do you agree with me or disagree with me?" Melinda asked in a serious tone. She was only shocked at the moment when she heard about that, and now she was a little embarrassed.
	"I agree." As soon as he finished his words, he felt that the look in Melinda's eyes became deeper. Victor quickly said, "Don't misunderstand me. I just think that homosexuality is not wrong, and they need to be accepted by the society. They..."
	When Victor noticing that he could not go on, Melinda could not help but tease him, "Mr. Cheng, you seem to understand a lot."
	She really had no idea about the topic. She also knew what he had asked.
	"Just so so."
	Victor thought it was hard for him to explain that why he came here, so he just let it be.
	"Let me have a try."
	Melinda didn't have much confidence. If she had the chance, she could ask Kent for help. But now, she had something related to the homosexuality. She felt very sorry about that.
	After work, Melinda went to a nearby bookstore to buy several articles about homosexuality. When she returned home, she had also surfed the Internet and found a lot of information about homosexuality.
	After reading the report for a whole night, she thought that there is more opposition than support. Many offensive words made her more confused, and she could do nothing about such a report.
	"I don't have any idea about this topic. You can ask others for help." With dark circles around her eyes, Melinda looked at Victor helplessly. In the whole night, she didn't write a word.
	"I'll take you to a place after work tonight." Victor said mysteriously.
	"Where?"
	"You'll know when the time comes. But you can't go there in this way."
	He looked at her up and down, shook his head and then he seemed that he had a good idea.
	During the working hours, she kept thinking, 'is there something that I can't do like this? Is it a banquet? But was it necessary to be so mysterious?
	It was time to get off work. Victor arrived at Melinda's office on time.
	"Where do me want to take me?" He just held a bag in his hand and handed it to her.
	"Go and change into this suit."
	This set of men's clothes was in a leisure style, which was obviously modified by someone else. Besides, there was also a baseball cap on it. Hearing that, Melinda realized that Victor just asked her to wear men's clothes.
	She already had an answer in her mind that where they needed men's clothes to enter.
	Victor took her to a bar, a gay bar. He had specifically asked her to wear men's clothes in order to pretend to the male couple.
	"It's absolutely their biggest target to let you in women's clothing."
	He had been to a homosexual bar for several times, which was really hot and attractive.
	"I Don't think wearing men's clothes has made the situation any better." Melinda could not help but make a complaint to herself. She knows something about that because she had read a lot the whole night.
	"So we pretend to be a couple." Said Victor righteously, struggling in his mind. He wasn't willing to take risks if there was any other way.
	"Why don't you dress like a woman?" She thought that he was still so potential. After they got familiar with each other, they often make fun with each other.
	It is same as others, the bar was very crowded.
	There were really homosexual, and some of them came here with other purposes.
	"Feel the atmosphere here. It's good for you."
	Victor got close to her ear and said, but she avoided him. She looked at him with her big black and white eyes, as if she was repeating what she had said in the office that day.
	" I'm very calm."
	Melinda said. The pub was very secluded and could not be found by ordinary people. The so-called calm was also because she had read a lot of news that was strongly against and stirred up trouble.
	"This way." Victor led her to the reserved seat. Even though he was beside Melinda, many people looked at her with eager eyes.
	Sitting down, Melinda turned her head and looked around. She saw that a man's bony body was close to another man, and they were kissing passionately.
	He didn't show much tenderness. Instead, he showed his masculinity.
	Melinda felt awkward. She found that many people around were kissing in the same way, but she was not used to it.
	"What about now?" Victor did not miss her expression and said. It was just the beginning. When it reached the climax, there would be more interesting things.
	Some of them were from true love, but some of them just came to the bar to have sex.
	"Well… Shakespeare said that kissing is a seal of love. Now I see nothing but madness. "
	Said Melinda. Kisses contained many implications, but what she heard was just crazy.
	"Wow, you've suddenly become so artistic. You should pay more attention to the surrounding people."
	All the reports had to start from the reality. No matter how many documents had been read by Melinda, he couldn't find more feelings in them.
	Despite her unwillingness, she still observed the people around her as Victor had said.
	"They may all put great pressure on themselves."
	She slowly said. The madness of these people was nothing more than releasing pressure. She saw a kind of desperation in many people that took every day as the last day.
	Underneath the colorful exterior, there was endless depression.
	"If you do the investigation, you will not be able to see the public opinion about homosexuality. Under such circumstances, it is normal for them to have pressure."
	Said Victor. He thought everything would come to an end in two ways. Nothing was absolutely wrong even if he was a gay.
	Life is short for dozens of years, why do you make yourself so tired.
	Of course, he also knew that this kind of situation was not something everyone could cultivate, so was he.
	"Well, there's been a lot of opposition, but the last two years have been much better."
	There were more people accepting this kind of thing, but they were all young.
	Young people always had a little impact on the society.
	"There are a lot of gay novels on the Internet, but even if those people accept it Just because they were over-glorified. People will treat them specially. What they want is just to walk in the sunshine as the normal people."
	"Everyone has his right to love, no matter who or the gender of his or her lover."
	Though saying that, she lowered her voice. She could not convince herself that everyone had power to love, but it did not mean that everyone would be happy.
	Even if they were in love, there would be so many problems. They would only face more.
	"But when you walked in just now, you were still embarrassed and shocked. You didn't think of hurting them, but your subconscious reaction was a kind of injury."
	Victor's criticism made Melinda look more sullen.
	"They are all overly sensitive people, because they carefully protected that vulnerable secret." Said Melinda. In fact, those people did not discriminate against each other, but the gay had a sensitive nature.
	This subject in content not only expressed the gay love, but also other people's opinions about the theme, including their parents.
	More importantly, they had misinterpreted the opinions of the people around them and considered them sensitively.
	After listening to Charles's analysis, she found that she had seen a lot of problems, each of which was worth discussing.
	"Yes, they are vulnerable. But in essence, they are good at hiding their temperament, while in the society, many people hide their inferiority complex."
	"Only when you are strong enough can you ignore what others think." She understood this more than anyone else. She had always been too self abased because of the gap in status between her and Aaron, and she had chosen to pretend to ignore the oppositions
	But only she knew how fragile she was.
	"That's right. For example, your boss is a gay. Do you dare to say anything about it?" Said Victor, and the corners of Melinda's mouth twitched. Helplessly, she asked, "are you talking about yourself?"
Chapter 160 The Trap
	After Melinda went to a gay bar, she seriously suspected that her superior was a gay, but she was not the kind of talkative person. On the contrary, it was Victor who asked her to observe others and remind her of something, which helped her to come up with some ideas.
	However, this was her first time to try such a topic. It was inevitable that she was not confident. After coming back home, she recorded what she had talked with Victor in the bar.
	This was the most contradictory article that Melinda had ever written. From the contradiction, homosexuality was a rare love in the eyes of most people.
	Loving someone was something that seemed great but insignificant. No one knew who he would fall in love with in life. Falling in love was not a mistake. Every genuine love was worthy of respect.
	However, at the same time, Melinda criticized many players who thought that they would not be accepted by others to abuse themselves, and they would hurt others.
	The article was full of comments and praise, but she told everyone in details that they were no different from ordinary people. The family members were concerned about the descendants of the family and it was easy to solve the problem with the progress of science.
	The article was pretty freely written. After coming to her sense, it was already three o'clock in the morning. Fortunately, it was weekend the next day, so she didn't have to go to work.
	When Victor received Melinda's call while he was racketing around, he was so shocked that he almost fell down from the sofa.
	"Do you want to make interview? Are you kidding me? You're not a journalist." Victor pushed the beautiful girl aside and drank a glass of beer on the table to calm down himself.
	After listening to the sound of the karaoke over there gradually quieted down, Melinda continued, "That's right. Everyone can say the thing I write, but I think that there's no an example. You must have someone you know, and it's all up to you."
	After thinking for a while, Victor agreed. With his help, Melinda soon completed her report. During the work day, she had passed the department review and was going to release it in the next magazine.
	"Melinda, I didn't expect that you would write such a thing." Maggie took a cup of hot drink in front of Melinda. Holding the cup in her hands, Melinda found that her article had been forwarded widely.
	It was not a big sensation, but was a sensation.
	"I didn't know where to start. Mr. Cheng helped me a lot. I can't disappoint him, right?" Melinda continued, smiling.
	Melinda also felt that Victor's attitude was strange, but she would take the work seriously.
	"You wrote it very well and was emotional. I haven't told you that my elder brother is a gay. He has been living outside alone for many years." Maggie looked out of the window. Although she was smiling happily, her eyes were full of missing for her brother.
	Looking at Maggie, Melinda didn't know how to comfort her. Because of the investigation, she knew that they were not the only suffering, but also the people close to them.
	Sometimes the words were too easy to be described.
	"You have a good relationship with your brother, right?"
	"Well, he has spoiled me since I was a child. This time, I sent your article to him, and then you know what? The man you interviewed is his lover. Isn't it amazing?" Maggie paid more attention to these articles because of her brother. When she read the article that Melinda wrote, she felt a resonance with it.
	She had never thought that there would be such a coincidence.
	It never occurred to Melinda as well. She would recall that couple and sincerely said, "I can see that they love each other very much."
	"But I don't know when our family will accept it." Maggie sighed again. It was much easier to talk about it than the first time she had known about it.
	"They will. Family... I get a message."
	Melinda wanted to say something more, but her cell phone rang. It was a strange number. She often received such kind of messages recently. The owners of these numbers were only one person behind it, and that was Jonas!
	Melinda could not help but doubt that if Jonas had bought all the numbers and she blacklisted him one after another.
	The play was so childish that Melinda thought they were at odds with each other that she did not care about it and stopped blacklist him.
	Victor did it out of ill will. You'd better stay away from him from now on." Jonas's message was concise and overbearing like himself.
	Looking at the message, Melinda found it funny. When she was about to delete the message, she found it was from Jonas.
	He didn't want to waste time in these places in the past, but now he sent more than ten messages to her through wechat.
	He just wanted to tell Melinda that Victor had no good intention to approach her.
	The messages came one after another. Melinda gritted her teeth and Maggie looked at her in surprise. She had never seen Melinda as fierce as now.
	"What's wrong? Is there anything urgent?" Seeing that Melinda hadn't replied the message for a long time, Maggie couldn't help asking. Melinda shook her head with a smile on her face, and then indifferently put Jonas into the blacklist again.
	She was helpless about Jonas now.
	Jonas was still explaining what kind of a person Victor was to Melinda, the message became red when it was sent.
	"Bitch! How dare you blacklist me again?!" In a rage, Jonas wanted to smash his phone. He couldn't remember how many times he had been blocked.
	Such a childish behavior even made Jonas feel sweet when he thought about it.
	Melinda must still have feelings for him. Otherwise, she would have ignored him.
	Jonas had totally disregarded his annoying harassment.
	After finishing the afternoon tea with Maggie, Melinda came back to the office. Now she was the celebrity in the office, and the superior had obvious opinions on her.
	However, after the report about the article about homosexuality, many people looked at Melinda with a touch of inquiry. They couldn't bear to see someone else good, and they always liked to have malicious speculation.
	However, Melinda didn't expect that the person who helped her stop the rumor was Jonas. When she saw that person at the door of her company after work, her face absolutely didn't look good.
	"What are you doing here?!" Obviously, Melinda was impatient. But Jonas didn't mind. He even smiled and said, "I'm picking you up after work, and I'm sincerely showing my determination to pursue you."
	Such Jonas made Melinda sick. If only he were still standing at the cold end, it would be fine. But this really made her uncomfortable.
	"Jonas, I hope you won't disturb my peaceful life."
	Melinda stared closely at Jonas as if she was warning him, but she was on her guard all the time. If someone recognized Jonas, she would be in trouble.
	"I'm just on guard against you being too close to Victor. He absolutely has no good intentions."
	Jonas's eyes narrowed slightly, there was a sense of danger in them, and he looked at Melinda with sharp, hard eyes.
	"We have divorced," Melinda reminded Jonas coldly. Now he had no right to discipline her.
	"I don't need you to remind me." When it came to this topic, Jonas's face darkened. He had regretted more than once for being impulsive at that time.
	Melinda was provoking him deliberately. How could he let her wish come true like that? But it didn't matter that they divorced, since they could start all over again.
	This time, he wouldn't make a mistake.
	They had been tangling at the gate of the company. At last, in order not to attract too many people's attention, Melinda got in Jonas's car.
	The next day, when Melinda arrived at the company, she heard many people talking about the travelling to Maldives.
	"There are only two quotas for a department. We definitely can't count on them. Maldives, a tourist resort."
	"Who do you think is coming this time?"
	"I'm sure that Melinda can attend. Another one must be our minister." The two men turned around and saw that Melinda was walking past them. Both of them were struck dumb for a moment.
	It was not surprising that these kinds of talking behind someone happened in the company. But it was really unlucky for those whose words had been heard by the one they talked.
	Luckily, they didn't say anything bad.
	The company was well paid, especially for the outstanding employees. This trip to Maldives was a free trip. Melinda would must go. If Melinda was not on the list, the staff in the company would be astounded by the shady deal inside.
	If it had been in the past, Melinda might give the chance to others. But recently, she had been fed up with the unbearable harassment of Jonas.
	He could always entered her life in various ways.
	Melinda also wanted to go on a trip to relax herself and was looking forward to this trip.
	It was about four days since it was three days' trip adding one day on the plane.
	More than twenty people gathered in the company, which was spectacular. But most of them were leaders, such as Victor.
	It was very warm and even a little hot here. Although the journey made Melinda tired, she was eventually cured by this kind of weather.
	There were various beach skirts in the suitcase, and sunglasses were necessary for the safety of the eyes. After a little washing, Melinda prepared to eat something before taking a rest.
	As soon as she opened the door, she saw that Victor was holding a scantily dressed woman, and they were walking past her while talking and laughing. That woman was so close to Victor that she almost clung to him.
	The atmosphere was a little embarrassing. Melinda smiled awkwardly and greeted, "Mr. Cheng."
	She stared at the ground or the distance eagerly. Compared with her embarrassment, Victor was very calm. "Melinda, it's rare to go out for a trip. Have fun."
	While saying that, he took the woman in his arms and went to the room next door. Immediately, the face of Melinda became pale, and a bad feeling rose in her heart.
	Did Victor live next door to her?! So for the next few days... Melinda began to worry about her sleep.
	"He deserves to be called a famous playboy." Others had just packed up their stuff while he was holding a girl in arms.
	The schedule was arranged by the company. It was all team activity. Victor appeared every day with different women. And when he returned room at night, there was another one. 
Chapter 161 Cling To Superior
	As a neighbor, Melinda intuitively felt that it was terrible for someone to live a life with messy relationships.
	The trip of three days passed quickly. Melinda returned to A City with the company's people. The company as considerate and allowed everyone to take a day off to have a good rest, after all, it was tiring to travel around.
	But there was a price to pay for a rest. Everyone had to do something about travel according their own career. For example, Melinda had to write some articles about Maldives.
	The Internet was full of this kind of articles. But the company just loved it.
	As Melinda hadn't been home for a few days, the apartment was dusty. She threw her luggage directly on the ground and began to tidy it up.
	Just after finishing cleaning, the doorbell rang. It was Jonas. He came out with a pale face and felt relieved when Melinda opened the door.
	Although he had found out that Melinda went on a trip with the company, he was still worried that she would not come back.
	"Why didn't you tell me about your trip?" Jonas didn't sleep well these days. He felt like a piece of fish being slaughtered.
	"Mr. Jonas, is that why you came here? Now I'm back and I'm fine. If you don't have anything else, you can leave." Melinda was too tired to argue with Jonas, but she could do nothing about it.
	It seemed that after they divorced, his desire of possession was stronger than ever. He obviously did not like her, why did he have to be entangled with her?
	"Remember to tell me next time." Now, Jonas had been immune to Melinda's impatience, and he added secretly in his heart, 'Or I would be worried.'
	"Okay, bye," Melinda said perfunctorily, and then closed the door. She felt that Jonas was really strange.
	After resting at home for a day, when Melinda returned to the company, she was in high spirits. She brought gifts to everyone in the department.
	The group of people were very happy and made a fuss about it. They asked Melinda what she thought about traveling for public expense.
	"You will know it when I finished the article," Melinda joked. She went back to her seat and began to deal with the matter she had accumulated these days.
	The article was not in a hurry. As long as it was handed over this month, because the company's goal was not to profit, but to motivate other staff in this way.
	"You have worked overtime since you came back." A mocking voice came from the top of Melinda's head. She moved her eyes away from the screen and looked at Victor's enlarged face.
	"Mr. Cheng, you scared the shit out of me." Melinda was shocked. She closed her eyes and massaged the part around her eyes. She must be feeling very uncomfortable sitting on the computer for too long.
	"Are you kidding me? It's so weird that you act like you can't bear to look at my handsome face."
	Hearing this, Victor yelled. Melinda continued her massage and rolled her eyes silently.
	"What's up?" Melinda blinked to get used to the light. It was already six o'clock at night.
	"The weather is good tonight. It's suitable for having a good date. How about going for a walk by the sea?" Victor said as he stared at Melinda with his charming eyes.
	However, such skills were not enough for Melinda. After all, she had even been immune to Jonas.
	"Not interested."
	As Melinda spoke, she sorted out the files on her desk. It was no longer necessary to work overtime. She had to be patient with her work.
	Victor just watched her packing up. When Melinda was about to leave with her bag, he dragged her to the elevator without giving her any chance to say anything.
	"Don't have any mental stress. Take it as a leader who will help you with your work and get relaxed."
	Melinda kept struggling, but finally, she gave up.
	"Mr. Cheng, haven't you seen enough of the sea in Maldives?" Victor walked much faster. Dragged by him, Melinda felt a little bit uncomfortable.
	Victor slowed down his pace and answered Melinda's question with a brazen face, "I've been busy with looking at beautiful foreign women those days."
	That was the end of the conversation. The beach was not far from the company. Fortunately there was a speed limit, otherwise Victor would drive faster.
	The red sports car was just like Victor's flamboyant personality. When Melinda got off the car, she felt her cheeks cold, because Victor had opened the hood to show off.
	"The sour smell of love... Oh, no, it must be salty smell of the sea." Victor hung the sports car's key on his finger and turned a circle around as he pretend to be affectionate. It was so childish in Melinda's eyes.
	Melinda covered her coat more tightly. There were many people by the sea, and most of them were couples. In the light of the street lamps, it was a dreamlike beauty.
	The rising and falling sounds sounded like music.
	"Let's go." Seeing that Melinda was standing where she had been, Victor looked into the sea through the tiny cracks of the tree, and once again dragged her to the seaside.
	"Mr. Cheng, what do you want from me by taking me here?" Melinda broke free from Victor and walked ahead consciously. There was a coffee shop nearby and Melinda followed the route in her memory. As expected, she saw the sign not far away.
	"For a walk,"
	Victor said calmly. After hearing that, Melinda headed straight to the coffee shop.
	"Mr. Cheng, a walk is a good way to digest food after dinner. So I think what I need now is to fill my stomach."
	The coffee shop was closer and closer. Melinda touched her empty stomach and walked in, ordering a small cake and a cup of milk.
	"Do you girls all eat little? Or is it because you are here with a man?" Noticing that Melinda looked hungry but she ordered little, Victor asked.
	"Haha." Melinda found a place to sit down with the cake. Perhaps this was what most girls did. But she only did this kind of stupid thing in front of Jonas.
	Victor was a restless man. He never stopped talking even when he was in a coffee shop. Under the strange gazes from the people around them, Melinda ate faster and faster.
	That was a lots of pressure!
	Victor led Melinda to the beach. Without saying a word, she just took a walk.
	"You are not so dull as today," Victor said helplessly, looking at Melinda who was lowering her head and seemed to search for shells.
	"I'm fine." Melinda's answer implied what the perfunctory move was again, but neither of them noticed that there were two persons sneaking after them.
	"Is that Mr. Cheng and Melinda?" The woman pointed at a man and a woman not far away. The person next to her looked at them and said, "That man with a frivolous dress-up is definitely Mr. Cheng. As for the woman beside him, I remember that Melinda wore the coat today."
	"Are they... No way!" the woman said in disbelief. The other woman snorted, looking at the back of Melinda with a touch of envy.
	"Who knows?"
	Melinda became a little scared since she was taken closer and closer to the sea by Victor. She mumbled, "It will be very dangerous if we go further."
	"Don't worry. The sea cannot take you away with me." As soon as Victor finished his words, he raised a heap of sea water and sprayed it to the direction of Melinda. Poor Melinda was unable to dodge in a hurry.
	Victor made fun of her, as if he was addicted to it. At last, they returned to the beach with the warning of the staff.
	"You are so boring," Victor said, lying on the sand. At the thought of the frightened look on Melinda's face just now, he burst into laughter.
	It was rare to see such a serious expression on the face of a woman who was always sedate.
	"I didn't say I'm interesting or I want to go to the seaside. And, it is childish."
	Melinda wiped her hair and wet parts with a bag of tissue. Victor was rather casual. He took off his shoes and lay on the sand. He said that there were several sets of clothes in his car.
	Till Melinda came back home, she still couldn't figure out why Victor did this strange behavior.
	The news of the two people playing happily by the seaside spread fast in the company like a virus. The two people who were spreading the news said that they had seen it with their eyes, and they even had photos.
	"Melinda is really not a simple person. I was wondering why a person in the planning department came to the editing department without any reason and got a special treatment."
	"Yes, she is in a free and unrestrained state when I worked hard every month to finish my work. Now I only regret for not having the money to go to South Korea to have a plastic surgery."
	"Come on! Even if you just have that surgery, you are not in such a good shape as hers. Now I understand why a rookie would have so many articles published on the authoritative magazine. It turns out that the back door has been opened for her."
	"……"
	There were so many discussions in the company that none of them believed the relationship between Melinda and Victor was pure superior subordinate relationship.
	By taking advantage of this point, they overturned all the efforts that Melinda had made during this period. The so-called talents, at this time, had become a joke.
	The matter was only a discussion between the departments. Later, the whole company was dominated in the discussion, and they said that in an orderly way. In the end, they felt that the articles written by Melinda had been written by Victor or by somebody else.
	From the way how Victor treated Melinda, with Victor's famous playboy title, all the people thought that Melinda was clinging to him.
	As soon as Melinda arrived at the company, she received a call from Jonas.
	After several rounds, Jonas finally got through to Melinda.
	"Melinda, I'm near your company today. Let's go to dinner together. I remember there's a place have the toasted fish you like nearby." In order to make up with Melinda again, Jonas appeared in front of her to remind her of his existence from time to time.
	He was afraid that Melinda had been too absorbed in the new life to forget him.
	"I don't like it now." It was when they were in the university that Melinda liked toasted fish. Later on, she learned that Jonas liked light food, so she also adjusted her taste. She liked to eat spicy food. During that period, she didn't touch any red pepper for the whole three months because Jonas liked light food. 
Chapter 162 Article Was Rejected
	Melinda only remembered that later she couldn't stand the spicy food, and she was excited to tell her companions that she liked the same taste with Jonas.
	How silly she was.
	"What would you like to eat? I'll look for it nearby." Jonas knew the hidden meaning of this sentence, but he deliberately ignored it.
	"No need. I'll hang up if there's nothing else."
	"Melinda, can't you have a talk with me calmly? Please give me a chance. I want to start over." Melinda's direct refusal was a little disappointing, but Jonas only felt that he should suffer these.
	"We won't start over, and we will never be together again," Melinda said as she turned around and looked at herself in the mirror, a little ferocious on her face. Who could be as calm as water when talking about the past?
	Melinda hung up the phone. In order to get quietness, Melinda had muted the phone. After such a long time, she knew clearly that blacklisting didn't work.
	Melinda was preoccupied and did not notice the change of attitude of many colleagues.
	It was not until three days later that Melinda gradually realized that all the people around her were making various excuses to isolate her.
	"Mark, do you have any good literature recommendation of this issue?" Melinda turned to ask her colleague. This was the topic they would talk about after each requirement was designated.
	Melinda's reserve of knowledge and unique insights were great. Colleagues were fond of discussing with her, but Mark seemed to have heard nothing about what she said this time, and he stood up and walked to the opposite side.
	His keeping a distance from Melinda made Melinda embarrassed. Her colleague on the other side stood up from her seat quickly and went straight to the conference table to join in the fun.
	There were four or five people around the conference table. They seemed to be discussing, but their eyes would occasionally float to Melinda.
	"Elsa, why are you here?"
	Elsa was the colleague on the right side of Melinda. As soon as she came, someone greeted her. With a cup in her hand, Elsa took a seat at the conference table.
	"Who wants to discuss with that person? Isn't the topic this time about how to survive in high-speed cities? Maybe someone will talk about how to get in superiors' bed in the end." Elsa had been jealous of Melinda all the time. This time, she found the opportunity to mock her, showing no mercy.
	The people around her burst into laughter.
	"You really don't know how to get into superiors' bed. Many people say that there is such a lady's design center, but in fact, they teach people to do those disgusting things. Why don't you ask her to bring you into contact with that if you are in a favorable position?"
	a colleague ridiculed. Most of the people who had spoken at this time were envious of Melinda at the usual time. The neutral ones were only alienated because they were worried that if they stood on the side of Melinda, they would also become the focus of the crowd.
	"I'm begging you. Stop disgusting me here," Elsa said as she folded her hands. The crowd burst into laughter again.
	It could only to say that Melinda's several articles were well read, which caused a great deal of hatred.
	With the new theme layout, the meeting held in the afternoon was about the last theme. By convention, the first article that came out was usually the one that the editor in chief thought was the best.
	This time, the best article was still the one Melinda wrote.
	Victor was sitting at the head of the meeting room. The editor in chief played the articles on a power point. In the past, no one had any opinions about it as their superiors and their opinions were the same.
	However, as soon as the display of Melinda's article was over, someone raised his hand to make a speech and denied her article from the beginning to the end.
	"This is a good example of a pupil writing off topic. Isn't such article put out to be disgusting person?" the speaker spoke with indignation. They didn't mention who those articles were for everyone to talk about it freely.
	Since some people had started the beginning, similar comments could be heard from time to time. Some even made a conclusion, "This time, the company lets out the worst article at first, right?"
	Everyone was laughing, as if the sharpness they had just attacked was only aimed at the article, not the writer.
	The following articles were almost receiving the praises from the public. Although Victor was not a hard working person, he still had keen eyes. He also sensed that there was something wrong with it.
	It was just that the company was an open-minded company. No matter how good Melinda's draft was, over half of the employees thought it was not good, so she had to modify the article again.
	Melinda was pissed off, too. She had been kind to everyone in the company, but she was attacked by all the staff. She could admit that the article was not as good as before due to her bad mood. But it was not as worthless as they criticized.
	After the meeting, Melinda went to the washroom and heard the discussion outside the toilet cubicle.
	"That article is just a piece of rubbish. It didn't make any sense that it was the best one. Even if someone says that she has nothing to do with Mr. Cheng, nobody will believe that."
	"Exactly! In order to protect her, Mr. Cheng had criticized all of our articles."
	"Just for protecting his lover," the woman sneered. The door next to her was pushed open. Melinda scowled and walked up to the two.
	They were at a loss after finding that the one they talked about heard what they said.
	Washing her hands, Melinda turned to them and said coldly, "When you smear someone, please present evidence to convince people. If not, please make a public apology to me. Otherwise, we are all writers and know how to defend ourselves."
	Melinda's words were actually a warning. Those people were clever enough to understand what she meant.
	"Are you threatening us? Melinda, don't you know what you have done? You are such a proud and aloof woman, why didn't you act like this in front of Mr. Cheng?"
	The woman was also scared at first, but then she puffed out her chest as if this could make her more confident.
	Now that Melinda heard what she said, she didn't try to hide herself and spoke it out in front of Melinda.
	"I just hope that you don't spread rumors without any evidence." Melinda looked straight at the two. Her eyes were bright and full of righteousness, which made the two people feel guilty inexplicably.
	"Evidence! It's the evidence that you two went to the date on the beach!"
	The woman who said this was one of the two people who had witnessed how Melinda and Victor got together by the seaside that day. She made great contributions to the quick spread of the rumors.
	"That day Mr. Cheng asked me to go for a walk with him."
	After knowing the reason, Melinda couldn't help being angry. If it weren't for Victor, no one would have misunderstood them.
	Hearing her words, the two women burst into laughter. They looked at Melinda as if she was an idiot. They looked at each other and said ironically, "Do you believe it?"
	"Is it credible?"
	the other woman echoed. The two walked out of the washroom with mockery and spread the news.
	What Melinda didn't know was that what happened at the beach was just a fuse. The people who aimed at upset her even chained up many things and made up a scheming history for her.
	"The atmosphere in the office is going to be affected by this woman. Our department is an example in the company. Now it is laughed at every day,"
	Elsa said. She was the favorite member of this department and always the one who ranked the first in the article. However, everything had changed since Melinda appeared.
	"Yes. I don't dare to go to the canteen now because I'm afraid that others will ask me about it," someone said in agreement. She belonged to the side of Elsa and had always hated Melinda from the very beginning.
	No one was willing to believe Melinda's explanation.
	"Melinda, you want to explain to us. You have to find a more reliable reason. You and Mr. Cheng are innocent. Can you persuade anyone by this one sentence?"
	Some people pretended to be kind, but actually they were mocking Melinda. The others also made a gab at her, but none of them stood on the side of Melinda.
	Looking at the colleagues who got along with her day and night, Melinda had a mixed feeling. Human heart was indeed the most unpredictable.
	She sat calmly in her office and ignored the mocking words. Standing not far away, Elsa was more jealous.
	She was not only jealous of Melinda's talent, but also her temperament.
	But she didn't know that Melinda had to live a horrible life for five years. Their irony was not enough at all.
	On the contrary, Elsa was a person with a good sense of propriety. She would take advantage of her colleague's help to get rid of Melinda.
	If an excellent person couldn't join the group, he or she would be abandoned in the end.
	Elsa was a well aware of this point.
	After Victor went back to his office, he read Melinda's manuscript many times and felt that there was no problem, but he also found that the quality fell a lot this time.
	So he understood it as that colleagues tended to have higher requirements for capable people.
	"Melinda, Mr. Cheng is looking for you." This message-passing man said that in an intimate tone, drawing a lot of attention from the colleagues around.
	"Okay," Melinda answered. She then locked the screen. Never relaxed vigilance against others. These people attacked her right in front of her, and if they did something to her in secret, it would be really difficult to prevent them from happening.
	Sitting on the sofa and sipping the tea cup, Victor was relieving his boredom. Seeing Melinda come in, he pointed at the seat beside him as he said, "Take a seat."
	Victor sat on the middle part of the sofa, Melinda went to the right, sat down, and ignored his greeting.
	"Mr. Cheng, what can I do for you?" Victor was puzzled by her attitude.
	"The person who denied your manuscript is not me. Don't give all your anger to me." Victor couldn't help displaying an aggrieved expression.
Chapter 163 Own Talent
	"Mr. Cheng, is it funny?" Seeing that Victor was still grinning cheekily, Melinda was angry. He had no idea that he was the one to blame for what had happened.
	Melinda's serious expression confused Victor. He poured water for her and seemed very pleased.
	"This question is very serious. It's not funny at all. I came here today to talk about it. I have read the draft. It is not that bad. And it might be because the colleagues have higher requirement on you, right? You happen to have a gap in this period. Next time you improve it, it will be better. I believe in you."
	Victor analyzed carefully, but found that instead of getting serious as usual, Melinda was mocking him, as if she had heard some kind of joke.
	The smile at the corner of her mouth looked frightening.
	A beauty who had always been graceful and sensible would become very powerful when she mocked someone. It was until this moment that Victor finally felt it.
	"Higher requirement? Are they entitled to question me?" Melinda said in a sarcastic tone, and those vicious words were still lingering in her ears.
	Victor became more cautious when she spoke like this.
	"Melinda, we are so familiar with each other. What do you want to say? Just say it out." Victor hesitated. He didn't know how to deal with this woman, but the way Melinda looked at him made him timid.
	"Mr. Cheng, we are not familiar," Melinda said with a smile. Though what her colleague said was harsh, she had to admit that there was something she did not handle well.
	If she could be more tough, she wouldn't have been bothered by these things.
	Victor's mouth twisted in disbelief. He wondered whether Melinda was at her period, where was the gentle and kind her?
	"Mr. Cheng, if you want to talk about the manuscript, I have known it. Next time, I will not let everyone down." Melinda stood up, bowed slightly, and straightened her back.
	"Mr. Cheng, I hope you will not do anything inappropriate anymore. I really like this job." Melinda turned around and said with a smile before leaving.
	She was tired of those schemes. She didn't want to leave this place which she had been accustomed to for a long time for some ridiculous reasons.
	Victor was still a little confused, but he also read some information from the attitude of Melinda.
	"What's going on in the editing department?" Unable to think of an answer, Victor asked his assistant. The assistant had heard of it and told him everything he knew.
	He even despised Melinda.
	"What a bunch of gossipy women!" Victor said. He let his assistant leave the office. Thinking of what had happened, he knew that it was he who had dragged down Melinda.
	"You should change the meaning of this draft and release it in the next magazine." Victor sent Melinda a message. After a short while, he received a reply.
	"There is no need. It makes people even more feel that we are related. By the way, I have anonymously submitted it to the competitor company." A smile was shown behind Melinda's words, which made Victor think of her fake smiling face.
	Though working at the company, Melinda was free to write. It would be no problem if her own company didn't use her article, she could send her article to other companies. She could even earn money using an anonymous name in usual times.
	It was the first time that Melinda did this, but she just felt happy. She was a qualified woman, would she be afraid that she could not survive in this industry? Of course not.
	She was confident in herself. She dared to submit her article anonymously to other company even when her own company knew clearly it was hers. She knew that the company would not make a fuss about it.
	It was obvious that the quality of the finished draft was not as good as the last one which was denied. Since there was a dark curtain for the draft, the company was not so stupid to do that.
	Victor could imagine that he would be scolded by his leader the next time when he had a meeting. If this happened a few more times, he would also be in a bad situation.
	After a thorough analysis, he had to step up in the end, no matter what the situation was.
	Just as the old saying goes, "A straight foot is not afraid of a crooked shoe." Melinda went to work every day as usual. Others' attitude towards her had no longer bothered her. On Friday, Victor wanted to make a small private meeting.
	Not everyone in the editing department would be present, but almost everyone was present.
	Melinda walked to her seat, and found the chair was splashed with water. Calmed down, she took out the folder from the table and placed it on the seat. She pressed the material with her mobile phone.
	Looking at her behavior, Victor's eyes twitched. He felt that she was really a little self-indulgent these days.
	Those who had planned to tease Melinda got shocked when they saw her behavior.
	Victor started with the same kind of opening remarks. In addition, the staff kept talking about the problems that they had encountered at work this week.
	"Good. Everyone is working very hard this week," Victor said. Those people were naturally applauding.
	"You are all very talented people. I hope that you can perfectly demonstrate your talents in the company and make yourself more successful in the company. Just like Melinda, with her own talents, she has won a lot of difficult partners.
	Now many cooperative partners come to our company to ask Melinda to write the article. So I hope everyone here will try to let more people see yourselves. At that time, the cooperative partners have to carefully choose."
	As Victor spoke, he was vaguely reminding everyone that the reason why Melinda could become so successful now was her own talent, and the reason why they didn't receive such treatment from him was because they were not talented.
	But he had laid a good foundation for himself and given a group of people a way out. They just didn't fully interpret their talents.
	While saying those words like a tongue twister, those people who were smart enough had figured out the purpose of the meeting.
	Melinda did this all because of her efforts and talents. She had nothing to do with other things.
	"The superiors have read Melinda's article and found it not with big problems, but the rules cannot be broken. Since it was rejected by you, the company is not using it."
	After Victor finished his words, Melinda raised her head and gave him a meaningful look. She felt that the message she had just received might not be sent by him. How shameless he was.
	But if he was too shy, he would not stay in this position.
	"I've already known the reasons. I'll seriously tell someone that don't ruin the company's atmosphere. Don't bring any rumors or ruin others' reputation. We all know the law. Don't say anything about the affection in front of me when the case is investigated."
	Taking a glance at Elsa, Victor gave her a sudden strong pressure, and she froze in her seat.
	The ultimate beneficiary of this case was clear to all. She took the opportunity that originally belonged to Melinda.
	The same kind of warning, said by Victor, had intimidated many people.
	"I don't want to be involved in these things. Everyone, be careful with your words and deeds from now on. Put such imagination and energy on your work, and I think your ability will definitely be improved,"
	said Victor politely. He was an easy-going leader. He used to make fun of his subordinates, but none of them dared to speak to him this time.
	They all lowered their heads, except Melinda.
	The meeting was over and people were leaving. Melinda was still the last one at a slow pace. Victor leaned on the door of the small meeting room. He stood up with his back straight as he saw Melinda out.
	"Are we going to have a meal together later? As my apology," Victor said. Actually, he was going to have a party with his subordinates. But he deliberately said that to make fun of Melinda. Hearing his words, the latter's face changed.
	"Mr. Cheng, don't you think it's better for us to keep a distance from each other because of your generosity just now?"
	Melinda said mockingly. Victor then said in a low voice, "I am going to have a meal with the departments to help you reconcile yourself with your colleagues. Are you moved?"
	"Thank you for your understanding, Mr. Cheng,"
	Melinda answered perfunctorily, then she went back to her seat from the side of Victor. Sure enough, everyone knew about the dinner party and was very excited to have dinner together. Elsa went home first in excuse of feeling uncomfortable.
	The appearance of Melinda was like an ice machine, and the lively atmosphere just now suddenly quieted down. Everyone looked at each other, and did not know how to open their mouths.
	"Why are all of you upset like this? You don't want to go with me? Well, you just help me save some money."
	Victor walked out of the meeting room and saw a group of people staring at each other. Melinda knew that most of her colleagues were just following others' opinions. If she was too mean to them, she would be very narrow-minded.
	"Mr. Cheng, is your wallet strong enough? You can't just treat each of us a bowl of Wonton, will you?" Melinda teased Victor as she packed up her things. After that, everyone began to talk as well.
	"Maybe he will treat us with roast potatoes."
	"Mr. Cheng is noble, he might not know what roast potatoes are."
	"Mr. Cheng, we want to eat high-classed cuisine and we want to take our families."
	"……"
	The restaurant they decided to have dinner together at was a restaurant where they frequently went. It was said that it owned Victor's shares, so they ordered the food in a rude way.
	The colleagues deliberately build a good relationship with Melinda. During the drinking, Melinda was the one who got drunk most, except Victor. Only that she could cheat in drinking and drunk some soft beverage, while Victor drank the real wine.
	The crowd was boisterous. Melinda had to admit that even though she did not care, she was still relieved unconsciously at this time.
	"Melinda, I'm sorry that I have caused your conflict with your colleagues and bothered you. I'll drink this glass of wine first."
	"You've already expressed your apology in the best way," Melinda said with a smile. She would still have a long way to go at the problem about the colleagues if it weren't for Victor's help.
	"Can we be friends?" Victor looked at Melinda with bright eyes, full of expectation.
Chapter 164 He Just Divorced
	After sending off the last group of people with Victor, Melinda proposed to leave.
	"Let me drive you back." Said Victor, waving the key in his hand. He had drunk a lot tonight, and his face was a little red.
	However, Melinda's eyes did not change at all. She still had a smile on her lips. It was the same throughout the night. It did not seem impolite, but it also gave out a sense of alienation.
	"For my life, I'd better take a taxi home. You drank a lot tonight. Do you want a designated driver for you?"
	Although she didn't drink any wine, she still felt uncomfortable in her stomach and stomach because she drank too much juice. She was so uncomfortable that she could hardly breathe.
	If she had stayed here all the time, she would have seen that Victor was drunk.
	"Don't worry. My apartment is just around here." With a wave of his hand indifferently, Victor took a step ahead and wobbled. Looking at him with her fluttering eyes, she wondered that he was fine?
	Finally, with the persuasion of Melinda's heart and soul, eventually, Edgar found a designated driver, but she chose to take the subway.
	It was getting late and there was no rush hour at the subway station. Mo Lian sat in her seat with her eyes down, no one knew what she was thinking.
	"Forget it. I can't possibly take down one person in a row." She was shocked when he told her that they could be friends. She had seen too many conflicts behind so-called friends over the years, and she always thought that the so-called feelings of those rich people were worthless.
	Although she said so, she couldn't help but frown when she thought of his sexual orientation.
	Jonas found that he hadn't contacted Melinda for three days, so he got off work early today and went to her company to meet her.
	Her job was a typical case that she worked overtime and came off work late. After waiting outside the company for a while, Jonas walked straight inside.
	According to the information he collected, he really know which department did Amelia work in. And because of her, he knew a lot about this company. William and other secretaries had once misunderstood that he was going to purchase this small cultural company.
	Although he had been known on the news, he was still mysterious in some people of a city. At this time, he was intercepted by the security guards.
	"I'm looking for Melinda from the editing department." It was the first time for him to be treated like this. He frowned. If he were in his usual temperament, the two security guards would certainly come to no good end.
	But he knew that Melinda didn't like it, so he tried to explain it to the security guard.
	The security obeyed the procedures, but he found many people gathering around Jonas unconsciously. Most of them were young and beautiful women.
	All of them looked like a deer with red cheeks. The client, Jonas, sat on the sofa in the lobby of the company with a poker face.
	"Who is this man? He looks like a model on the magazine. He's so stylish!"
	"I didn't know there was such a handsome man in our company before. If he had showed up, how could I know until now! This is really amazing. It is highly praised both in appearance and temperament. "
	"He seems to be waiting for someone."
	"I really envy who has such a handsome friend."
	"No, this handsome man must have a boyfriend. Let's take a look at him from a distance." The rotten girl was doing y'y, in a crazy drama.
	People of the cultural company must have a first-rate brain.
	There were many people who wanted to accost Jonas, but because of the serious expression he showed, most people gave up.
	Hearing the receptionist say someone was looking for her, she felt strange. She had worked here and few people knew about it. The receptionist only said that it was a man, handsome.
	Such a simple word fully demonstrated that the former desk girl controlled her beauty. Among the people she knew, Kent and Leo were the most suitable ones to describe their beauty.
	However, if they wanted to find her, they could just call her directly. With such a doubt in her mind, she walked downstairs to the first floor.
	He had been gazing at the direction of the elevator all the time. Even when there were a few people walking out, he recognized her at first glance.
	The crowd saw that the aloof man suddenly laughed, like a spring breeze blowing on the face. They all covered their hearts with their hands. They were enthralled by the man at the moment.
	"Melinda."
	As soon as Melinda came out of the elevator, she looked around at the resting area of the hall and saw a group of people gathering there. Those who did not know who came here might think to be some big boss.
	Jonas's voice was like a stream of stream in the mountain. It was not spiritual, but a sense of perception. Hearing it, Melinda was so shocked that she froze in place in an instant.
	However, Jonas had already went through the crowd and walked up to her. His clothes were a little wrinkled. When he looked at her, his eyes seemed to glow, and his cold and arrogant manner was nowhere to be found.
	"What are you doing here?"
	She looked at him vigilantly. He drew closer to her, but didn't notice that she hit the corner of the desk. She gasped in pain.
	Jonas wanted to step forward, but she was stopped by Melinda's eyes.
	"Since you don't want to meet me, I come here." Jonas said in a sincere manner. He believed that if he didn't come, she would go.
	Melinda blinked and thought it over. It seemed that there was nothing wrong with the saying, but it was not suitable for them to be together.
	"I'm done with you. I hope you won't come to my company to disturb my work." "What are you doing?".
	The conversation between the two was not loud, and no one heard. They only saw that the man seemed to be injured, and Melinda turned around and left the company directly.
	Since the day when Jonas came to the company, she had already told the receptionist, only saying that she went out for an interview, keeping herself away from him.
	As a result, everyone in the company knew that Melinda knew that handsome man who often came here. A group of women were tempted.
	"Is he your friend? Does he have a girlfriend? "
	The woman asked boldly. The car and the clothes that Jonas had driven, even the small cuffs of his shirt, had been investigated by this group of people.
	It was really hard to say if he had a girlfriend.
	"He just divorced." Said Melinda, and she wasn't said that she was the ex-wife of the CEO at all. She just hoped that the employees in the company would be enthusiastic about Jonas, so that Jonas wouldn't appear in the company.
	Therefore, no matter what information those people dug into, she told them everything she knew, but as for her relationship with Jonas, she said that they were just ordinary friends.
	Emily, who had been paying attention to Melinda, certainly knew that Jonas often went to Melinda.
	At the thought that she was rejected brutally, Emily rip off her clothes in anger. Her assistant beside her crouched and loosened up a little.
	"Get out." After that, Emily put her clothes on the ground without any emotion. The assistant received a decree and left the dressing room quickly.
	On the phone, the video that Jonas was making in the hall of the company was played. Emily had a pair of dark, beautiful eyes, but deeper and frightening now.
	"Melinda, since you have left, why do you still tangle with Jonas?" Emily talked to herself, with her fingers on the screen. When she touched the screen, she tightened her fingers. The harsh sound of her nails colliding with the screen made people felt scared.
	If Melinda appeared in front of Emily at this time, the position where her nails fell might be on Melinda's face.
	Emily was good-looking and talented, and had an unforgettable past with Jonas. However, she never thought that she would lose to Melinda, who was always chasing after Jonas.
	She stayed in the bedroom alone for a long time, and then dialed a number. Her voice faintly dissipated in the air. She only said "Giving her a lesson."
	Melinda was very busy these two days, refusing the compliments.
	Many colleagues in the company were trying to suck up to her, bring her some food or anything she needed. There were so many of them.
	She couldn't help but feel a little jealous. If Jonas didn't have the right of inheritance, he could sell his charms to support himself.
	"These snacks are enough for me to eat for a month." Maggie said. Although they were not in the same department, they would still have lunch together.
	"A few days ago, you said that you wanted to lose weight." Said Melinda. She stirred the food in front of her. The food in the company was very perfunctory and hard to eat.
	"Only when you are full will you have the strength to complete this difficult task." Maggie also couldn't eat any more. She put down her chopsticks and heaved a long sigh.
	"It seems that I have to go to the temple to pray for mercy. Everything is not going well recently. I am going crazy since the plan has been revised again and again, you know? "Why is the meal so bad? " Maggie supported her chin with her hands and said in a low voice.
	Seeing her like this, Melinda touched her somewhat restless hair as a comfort. Then, Melinda seemed to think of something and said with a light beam of light in her eyes, "go to my office. I had some little biscuits yesterday. It's not bad for my stomach."
	Maggie agreed with the proposal. In the office, a figure stood in front of the computer, looked sneaky, cursed and left quickly.
	Melinda took her snacks to Maggie, and made two cups of milk tea for them. As Maggie teased her, they were to have afternoon tea in advance.
	"Melinda, do you have the original copy of the report last time? Can I borrow it from you?"
	Maggie bit the chicken curl and spoke in a vague voice. Melinda answered and turned on the computer.
	When she opened the computer, she was completely shocked, and even panic. 
Chapter 165 An Intimate Relationship
	When Maggie saw the unnatural expression on Melinda's face, she sensed that something was wrong. In a panic, Melinda moved the mouse in a hurry. The light flickered on the screen.
	However, Melinda was unable to open any file in her computer.
	The documents found from the recycle bin were destroyed. It seemed that she was drained of all her strength. She collapsed to her seat.
	"Sorry, my original draft is gone."
	Melinda apologized, sweat streaming down her forehead, and her face was pale.
	"Melinda, what happened?" Maggie put her finger on her forehead out of concern. The touch was cold, making her teeth tremble.
	"My files were all destroyed." Maggie widened her eyes in shock and asked, "did you ever use a USB flash drive as a backup?"
	"No, I'm not," answered Melinda in a low voice
	She didn't know that she had destroyed all the files. She just went out for dinner before. Her mind was in a mess. It could be said that all the files in her computer were the fruit of her hard work after she came to this company.
	Every piece of the work liked a baby. But now, all her offspring died because of her miscarriage.
	She could do nothing but silent. When the draft was lost, she could only make up for it. Maggie could do nothing to help. She comforted her for a while and then gave her some personal space.
	It might be easy to write these copies, but they were not as good as she had thought at the beginning and she couldn't write them well.
	The whole afternoon, Melinda was out of spirits. She was very surprised when Victor came to the editing department.
	When Melinda was at work, there was a disturbance. After the inquiry, even Victor raised his voice, "all of them were ruined?"
	Since they both used the same system, it was pretty easy for a computer crash to happen.
	Melinda nodded helplessly. Sitting at her desk, Victor opened the files but failed to open them. He couldn't read any of them.
	"Don't be depressed. I will help you contact some experts to restore the files."
	Then he turned around and walked to the tea room, seeming to look for someone.
	"I found a person who is a computer expert. He is much better than us."
	Melinda sounded like that Victor was talking to her in a soft and soothing way, but she didn't think that a playboy like him was reliable.
	That man arrived soon. It was cold today, but he was dressed in men's slippers, big clothes and trousers, wearing a big coat, and his hair created a wild shape, and his eyes were covered by thick glasses.
	A skillful man.
	He was a little shy, greeting her indifferently and keeping his head down out of uncomfortableness, but as if Victor had got used to it, Victor brought him directly in front of the computer and roughly described the situation.
	"It might be able to recover after some time." The person was very confident in his professional domain. He made such a promise after conducting inspection.
	It turned out that the man was really good at it. With his help, all the documents were restored.
	The feeling of regaining something that had lost was probably the current mood of her. She was eager to check those documents that she had found. After confirming that they were all correct, she let out a heavy sigh of relief.
	"Thank you." She said to Victor, who was standing behind her. Victor had sent that man away after talking to him.
	"It's not sincere of your thanks." Victor squinted at her with infinite sensual charm, but he was scheming in her eyes.
	"I want to invite you to dinner. You decide the restaurant. You know clearly how much I can afford."
	Since they got familiar with each other, Melinda didn't talk with Victor with reverence as she used to be. Instead, she often said sarcastically to him because his behaviors.
	For Victor, there was no politeness at all. Melinda said it was her treat. She booked at the restaurant by phone when she was about to get off work. The restaurant she booked was really her choice.
	The salary of one-third of a month was almost paid in this meal. Fortunately, she was a person who was paid outside.
	It was a Cantonese restaurant, which was in line with Melinda's taste. When they arrived at the restaurant, it was overcrowded. Even though Victor liked bustling events, he reserved a small private room.
	The waiter led them to the second floor, which was much quieter than the first floor. At the entrance of the stairs, Melinda saw a little familiar figure at the other end of the corridor.
	At the sight of her, Jonas's eyes brightened. His steady pace turned anxious.
	The light in the corridor was dim. It was not until they got close that they saw the man behind Melinda. Noticing that, Victor gave a big smile.
	The white teeth were such a blatant weapon at night, as if the provocation was hidden in the smile.
	Although they had broken up, she felt guilty for no reason. She walked away and walked further away from Victor unconsciously.
	Not knowing why, the waiter said politely to her, "Miss Mo, your seats are on the left end of the corridor, next to the left."
	"Why are you with him?" Neither of them said a word to each other. Finally, it was Jonas who failed to keep calm. He had reminded her many times. However, he didn't expect that he still chose to go with Victor.
	It seemed that they still went out to have dinner together. From the waiter's words, it was Melinda who invited Victor today.
	A sudden surge of anger rose in Jonas's heart. Although he tried to hide his anger, the questioning in the diction still made her frown.
	He stared at Victor with a dangerous and warning look, while the latter was still frivolous and cast a disgusting and flirtatious look at Melinda.
	Jonas clenched his fists and the blue veins on the back of his hands seemed to pop.
	The waiter sensed that there was something wrong with the atmosphere around them. He stood still for a moment. Looking fearlessly at Jonas, and Melinda said slowly, "Mr. Cheng helped me today. I want to invite him to dinner for return."
	Her eyes were bright and innocent, showing no trace of guilt.
	Jonas was not sure what to do for a moment, but noticing Victor's provoking look, he said in a sarcastic tone, "you are such a close friend with your boss."
	While saying that, she couldn't help but feel sore in her tone. Neither Jonas nor Melinda noticed the change of this detail.
	"He is just my superior and subordinate. Mr. Cheng helped me a lot, much more than this meal."
	The draft for Melinda was priceless.
	However, they two were not aware of each other's words.
	Hearing this, a playful look appeared in Victor's eyes. He got angry from the moment he saw that Melinda should explain to Jonas so obediently.
	"Melinda." Hearing that, she thought there was something wrong. Puzzled, she turned her head to look at him. In an instant, she felt the face in front of her was blocked and a slight cold kiss fell on her cheek.
	Victor went back to his seat, licked his lips, and looked at Jonas provocatively.
	Hearing this, Jonas's face suddenly darkened. His tight fists were vented. He went forward, pulled away Melinda, and hit Victor's face.
	Victor was also well prepared. He quickly reached out his hand to fend off the attack, but even so, he felt numb in the mouth of his hand for a while.
	'my cousin is really a violent man.
	"Mr. Gu, don't get angry. My face that Melinda loves most. You can't hit it."
	As Victor spoke to him stubbornly, he was on guard against Jonas's punches and kicks. It was a moment ago, but now Victor called her dear Melinda affectionately.
	Just like an irritated lion, Jonas dashed at his face.
	He didn't punch on Victor's face in the first place, but now, Victor's face was swollen.
	Victor was a playboy in the bar. Even if he had some fighting skills, he was still weak in front of Jonas.
	Victor still provoked Jonas as madly as a masochist. The waiter screamed and hid aside. In the beginning, Melinda awas pushed aside by Jonas and did not get involved.
	But now the two fought in public, attracting the attention of many people downstairs. Many people looked up to see what happened.
	"Mona, your ex-husband is too violent. We'd better leave now if I can't beat him." Noticing that his hair was in a mess, his suit was crumpled and his face was flushed, he lost his usual charming image.
	On the contrary, Jonas's clothes were a little messy, and he could look well with one photo casually.
	Victor ran to Melinda and stopped her action successfully. In the dim light, she felt that there seemed to be a flame in Jonas's eyes.
	And the position of his sight… Following his sight, Melinda looked to the direction, only to find that, out of nowhere, Victor had grabbed her arm.
	"Mr. Cheng, I don't think it's unnecessary to have dinner with you today." "It seems that the flame in Jonas's eyes has been extinguished a lot," she said in a serious tone, after she stretched out her hand to slap away Victor's hand, as she rubbed her arm.
	Melinda's nonchalant response made Edgar a little embarrassed. However, he had always been very thick skinned, and once again reached out his hand in an indifferent manner. Melinda avoided his touch as if he was a plague. She sternly warned him, "Mr. Cheng, please show some respect."
	Victor's behavior provoked Melinda. She glanced at the two men and turned to go downstairs without saying a word.
Chapter 166 A Tough Life
	The people downstairs gave way to Melinda when they saw her leaving.
	Melinda was not as gentle as she used to be when she on upstairs. Instead, she was sullen. Although she was not as destructive as Jonas Yama, she looked terrifying.
	The two men upstairs looked at each other. Noticing that Victor wanted to laugh, but he pulled the wound at the corner of his mouth. Immediately, he wore a painful expression.
	"What happened today is a lesson for you. You'd better stay away from Melinda, or I will teach you a lesson."
	Jonas and Victor were cousins, but they didn't love each other.
	However, he could sense that they were related in some way. Since he was a little kid, he had heard a lot about 'your cousin, Jonas.'
	A typical good child of someone else.
	"You have divorced. She has the right to decide who she will marry." Victor was not afraid of death. At this time, he was still provoking Jonas, but at this time, Jonas had paid attention to Melinda, who was walking downstairs.
	"Her personnel section will always be my name." Said Jonas, showing off his sovereignty. Ignoring this annoyed man, he walked downstairs quickly. The sound of Dong Dong Dong, followed by a strong momentum appeared in the sight of those who were watching the drama.
	So it was a narrow corridor, which was now wide and the restaurant's design was a little messy. Jonas walked quickly towards the door.
	Dressed in a beige coat, Melinda's hair was scattered over the two sides of the shoulders, As soon as Jonas saw her, he caught up with her before she walked out of the restaurant.
	"Melinda."
	Jonas hold her hand and said softly, as if he was afraid to frighten her.
	Even though he was still mad at her.
	"What's up?" She was still cold to Jonas. The hard words came out of her mouth made him feel even more uncomfortable.
	Melinda was really a lady of few words when she talked to him. At this moment, he was a little envious of Victor.
	"Didn't I tell you that Victor would do something bad to you? Why are you still with him? " Thinking of what Victor had done to Melinda just now, Jonas frowned and lowered his eyes out of instinct. When he saw the fury on Melinda's face, Jonas realized that he had said something wrong.
	"I didn't mean anything else, Melinda. I was just worried that you were used." In a hurry, Jonas explained that what he said was what he really thought, but he was misunderstood by Melinda again.
	"Take advantage of it. What do he have to make use of me?" She finally knew what the so-called emotional expert had said.
	When you love someone, he is always right. But when you hate someone, his words seem to be malicious. You will guess from every aspect that you are right. In fact, most of the time, you are just making groundless assumptions.
	It could be told that Jonas had changed a lot in the eyes of Melinda.
	"Then what happened between you and Victor?"
	The more he spoke, the more he felt helpless about her ability to get the point. At the same time, he was a little annoyed with himself. Didn't she think that he was reliable for the frivolous Victor?
	"I said that we are just superior and subordinate to him. I am just his subordinate."
	Jonas's eyes had never left her for a moment. Seeing that she was not deceiving as usual, he felt secretly relieved.
	He had to admit that he became more and more unconfident about Melinda. He began to worry that if he really fell in love with Victor.
	After all, many women would fall in love with Victor. Jerk.
	If she had known what was in his mind, she would have complaint to him. It was said that a woman would meet a jerk in her whole life, and that she had met one, so she would not be blind again.
	In her eyes, Jonas was the worst scum in the world.
	After thinking for a while, it gradually occurred to him that Melinda was still in love with him and she was afraid that he would misunderstand her, because she explained the relationship between her and Victor to him just now.
	Thinking of this, Jonas suddenly got excited. He let go of her hand and hugged her tightly.
	There were still many people watching this. At this time, they all kicked up a fuss. As she struggled, she raised her head and wanted to say something, but her lips and tongue were occupied by the man's tyranny.
	Her mind was suddenly in such a mess that she had completely forgotten what she was going to say.
	Jonas kissed her tentatively and missed her, but he was strong enough. During these days, he suffered a lot, and he had to use this kiss to vent his anger.
	In response, she suddenly pushed him away. It was rare to see his eyes in a haze. She wiped her mouth, turned around and left in a hurry.
	She was so annoyed that she failed to push him away when he kissed her forcefully in public.
	With such thoughts, she couldn't sleep well the whole night. As soon as she closed her eyes, some confused expressions of Jonas appeared in her mind.
	When she arrived at the company without sleeping last night, she wore green makeup and her eyes were still red.
	The people in the company thought that Melinda was in a low spirit recently and was extremely frustrated. After all, it was human nature that she would be irritable as long as she engaged in a job for a long time.
	Ever since she moved out, she was very concerned about her own health. She rarely stayed up late, let alone stayed up all night. During work, she could only doze off with her chin resting, and then she fell asleep the table.
	Indeed, Victor was a thick skinned man. He went to the company with a wound on his face. Victor told others that he became the hero to rescue the beauty when they asked what he done last night.
	He walked to her place as if he was quite familiar with Melinda. Seeing that she fell asleep at the table, he took off his coat quickly and covered it on her.
	Hearing that, Melinda woke up in an instant. His coat slipped down from her chair. While looking at him in confusion, she heard a low laugh coming from beside her. It could be said that he had been disfigured, which sounded creepy.
	"Thank you." She returned the coat to him. What happened last night still made her a little embarrassed in front of him.
	"I'm sorry for what happened yesterday. I was thoughtless. I didn't mean to underestimate you." Victor winked at him innocently. Melinda wanted so badly to rush to him and shut him up.
	Luckily, other colleagues were not at the moment. Otherwise, it would be a misunderstanding again.
	"Shall we go to the meeting room?" It was also at this time that Victor finally remembered where they were. He suggested. After thinking for a while, the two men were just superior and subordinate. They saw each other as they met. Then they nodded.
	Victor walked in front of her, opened the door and turned on all the lights. Then he picked up two bottles of water from the table beside and threw one of them to her hand.
	They each found a place and sat down, a little far away from each other.
	"About yesterday..." As soon as Victor spoke, he was interrupted by Melinda. Her eyes were firm and a bit dignified that was rarely seen in the past. "I'll pretend that nothing happened yesterday, but please pay more attention to it in the future."
	"I know your relationship," He had thought that she would be shocked by his words, as her mood hadn't changed at all. She was not stupid. Last night when she went back, thinking of the conflict between the two men, she knew that Victor knew what had happened to her.
	"I just want to help you get rid of him." He touched his nose and sighed with profound resignation.
	Many people thought his behavior was childish, but he did it yesterday.
	Hearing this, she finally became a little emotional. But only for a second, she opened the bottle of water, took a sip slowly and then said, "I don't need this way to get rid of it. Please don't make your own decision later."
	She didn't want to get anyone involved in the matter between her and Jonas. As long as she was determined, she didn't need to care about it?
	Melinda's words silenced the meeting room again. Then Victor continued, "I found that you are very good at talking nonsense."
	Since so many people had known the truth and no one wanted to get involved in this matter anymore, Victor had no choice but to quietly deal with it.
	When they walked out of the meeting room, many employees looked at them curiously, but they remembered the last time and greeted them with a smile.
	She was in a low mental state. Melinda took a half day off and went back home for a rest. When she woke up again, it was already dark outside. She looked at the clock, and it was just past six o'clock.
	She took two bites of bread in a day. At this time, her stomach was rebellious.
	She went to the kitchen and found only a few eggs, a green vegetables and a small piece of pork. She did not want to take too much trouble, so she cooked the porridge.
	The appetizing scent eased her unhappiness a lot. She enjoyed the simple food very much.
	She threw all the bowls and chopsticks into the hot pool before her phone rang.
	"Hello."
	"Honey, it's me." A woman's gentle voice appeared on the phone. It was then that Melinda noticed the name of Yao Auntie on the screen.
	"Auntie, how are you doing recently? How is Grandpa? " Melinda and Queena were a little in touch, but not in so many times. When Melinda greeted her, she didn't want to embarrass the atmosphere.
	"We are fine. You must have suffered a lot outside." Queena's mind had changed a lot. At this moment, she was very patient with the younger generation. The caring tone in her voice made Melinda's nose feel sore.
	But this was her choice and she would never go back on it.
	Thinking of this, Melinda smiled. "I was not used to pay attention to my health, but now I can take good care of myself."
	"That's good. We haven't seen each other for a long time. I miss you so much. Are you free recently? We…
	Let's meet. " After greetings, Queena came to the subject.
Chapter 167 Make A Clean Break With The Past
	Her heart still fluttered with fear of last appointment. She was afraid that it might be someone else she would meet in the appointment.
	Her hesitation also awakened Queena. She explained, "last time I was busy and it was not appropriate to cancel your appointment, so I asked Jonas for help. It's absolutely me who comes to see you this time."
	"Okay."
	Since the Queena had spoken up about this, of course she didn't care about what had happened in the past. Queena was very happy when she saw that. Thinking of Melinda's interest in working, Queena decided to make the appointment at weekend.
	"Since you do not go to the clothing shop with me, I feel like I've lost my military counsellor. I'll do some good shopping this time."
	After some more small talk, they hung up the phone.
	On the weekend, Melinda arrived at the shopping mall according to the address given by Queena. She was choosing clothes. Seeing that Melinda was here, she waved her hands happily. "You're just in time. I don't know how to match myself. I'm not satisfied with just a few suits I picked."
	Melinda still felt guilty for making her elders wait for her. Queena solved this embarrassment. Melinda had a good eye for everything. She rearranged them. Queena praised her enormously.
	"Young people know how to match well." Queena bought all the clothes selected by Melinda for her. Then they went other stores shopping again. Queena went around and accompanied Melinda to the young women's wear shop.
	"Now that you are working outside, you should better dress yourself up. Don't waste your good taste on me." Queena looked gentle, but tough. Melinda didn't object and picked two for herself.
	When they paid the bill, Queena was stopped by Melinda with a reason that no one was able to refuse.
	"I haven't bought clothes with my own money for a long time. It's a spiritual satisfaction. I think I must be satisfied."
	Queena was very casual when buying things. Her harvest was full in such a range. Queena asked people to send the things to the Gu's mansion, and Melinda put them directly in the store.
	Lunch was solved in the hotel owned by Soaring Group. After the meal, they two took a rest in the private room, and the waiter left after making them a pot of green tea.
	At this time, Melinda finally realized that Queena had something to say to her.
	"Honey, now Jonas know he was wrong. I hope you can think about it."
	Queena took a sip of green tea. The faint taste of the tea was not bitter, which was just enough at this moment.
	"It's quite impressive."
	"It seems that is second infusion."
	"The first one is a little bitter, and the second one is just right." Queena didn't know why she said that.
	Melinda smiled and nodded in agreement. Then she said, "all of them are made of the same tea, but I have tasted its bitter before. I don't like it even if it's second infusion."
	Queena finally understood the meaning of Melinda's words. Even if Jonas had changed now, Melinda should have felt the sadness before, so she no longer liked him now.
	"You just drank as well, didn't you?" Queena still tried to persuade her, but Melinda already had an idea. With a smile on her face, she said, "that's because you haven't tasted the first dish."
	Melinda raised her eyebrows. Queena thought, 'it's hard to imagine her to be a person who has just experienced emotional ups and downs.' Queena is upset, but she doesn't blame Melinda for that.
	Jonas deserved it. He was the one to blame for all this.
	After all, he was his son, so Queena want to try her best to give him a hand.
	"I don't want to ask you for anything else. But can you help me persuade Jonas? He's not doing well recently. I'm very worried."
	Queena frowned slightly. She was not young anymore, and now she was concerned about Jonas's affairs, so there was silver hair. Even if it was covered well, when she frowned, faint thread formed from the corners of her eyes.
	"I'm sorry, auntie. I can't help you." Melinda could understand her feelings. However, because of this, Melinda would not give a tiny bit of hope to her if Melinda can't do it.
	Melinda took a sip of tea to make her dry lips feel better. Then she stood up and said, "aunt, I have something to do in the afternoon, so I have to leave."
	Just then, the door of the private room was suddenly pushed open. The two people in the room looked at the direction of the door at the same time. Wearing a suit, Jonas rushed over in a hurry. He walked toward Melinda.
	Melinda's body shivered. He buried his head in the neck of Melinda and said hesitantly, "don't go, Melinda."
	He happened to have a meeting upstairs and heard that his mother came to the hotel. With a lady who Queena called "Mellie" in an intimate manner.
	After hearing this, he went straight to Queena's exclusive box, without giving up the meeting, and as expected, he saw the person he was missing of that day and night.
	At this moment, only when they held tightly in the arms would he have a sense of reality.
	Queena looked at his son's downcast face and walked out of the room silently, leaving room for them.
	The room was very warm. She felt a little dizzy. Being held so tight in his arms, she couldn't think clearly.
	"Let go of me, Jonas." Coming to herself, she tried to push him away, but he was too strong, and her strength did not work at all.
	"Don't go." He said stubbornly. It was hard for him to see her now. He didn't know when he would see her again if he let go of her. At this moment, he was somewhat hateful for her ruthlessness.
	'She held a grudge against to me just because I deserved it.'
	"Are you trying to block me?" Her indifferent tone frightened Jonas. She seemed to be angry and he thought he should let her go.
	For a moment, Jonas started to struggle for it.
	"Jonas, are you planning to make me difficult to breathe and die here naturally?" It was not easy for Melinda to speak, and she was almost out of breath. Finally, Jonas realized that he held her too tight that she could not breathe.
	He released her and put his hand on her back, caressing her softly. As a child at a loss, he held her hand stubbornly.
	"I'm going home." She looked at him coldly and saw that his tie was a little askew, so she couldn't help but straighten it for him.
	Hearing this, Jonas's eyes lit up. Melinda scolded herself for being stupid, but she suddenly remembered something. "I'm tired after shopping today, and I need to go back to have a rest. And you should go to the meeting now."
	She always knew what meeting Jonas would do when he tied a tie, so she reminded him in this way at this time.
	In current situation, Melinda had known some rules, so she said that she needed a rest, hoping that Jonas could let her go.
	"If you are tired, you can go to the top suite to have a rest." "What are you doing?".
	'Speak in a polite manner is useless.'
	"I don't want to see you."
	The room was warm, but Jonas felt a little cold. Disgust was reflected in her eyes. He finally realized that this was what she really thought in her heart?
	Indeed, he had done so many wrong things, so how could he expect that she would forgive him and be willing to see him.
	He loosened her grip as if he had lost all his souls. Melinda walked away with the thing in her hand without hesitation.
	The numerous Lessons told Melinda that she must be decisive.
	She had her own car now, and she drove when she came here with Queena. Her driving skill was much better than before.
	Her clouthes were still in the mall. Although she lived in the city, she was not good at recognize the road. She had to use navigation when she went out, unless there was a certain road, such as from home to company.
	Melinda went to the mall to fetch some clothes, and then remembered that there was not much foods at home, so she turned around and headed for the supermarket.
	"Melinda."
	There were a lot of people in the mall. Melinda thought she had misheard and did not care, but soon, a tall figure appeared in her sight.
	"I called you so many times, but you didn't respond." His injuries had become less after a few days of recovery. At this time, Victor was tall and handsome, and his beautiful eyes had attracted a lot of women.
	What's worse, he was flirting with those girls.
	"I didn't notice." Melinda pouted her lips pouting in exasperation. She had always been in a bad mood due to Jonas since they got to know each other.
	"Did he badger you again?" He stared at her with his sharp eyes, and Melinda continued to walk forward with the box in her hands. Melinda didn't answer his question.
	"I was in the hotel just now."
	Victor was having dinner with several friends in the hotel today, and the room was just next to Queena's. the door of Victor's room hadn't always been closed, and a burst of rapid footsteps outside was heard, accompanied by the voice of 'Mr. Gu'.
	Victor didn't care much about it, but soon he saw Melinda leaving.
	Melinda stopped and continued to walk ahead. She still refused to answer this question.
	She thought that no one in the world could defeat her. If she didn't want to answer him, she would not response even if Victor was in a hoarse voice.
	"Forget it, I know you don't want to mention him, but Melinda." He stood in front of her and forced her to stop.
	She had no choice but to stop. She looked up at him, as if to say, she was all ears to what he was going to say… crap.
	"Since you have prepared a new life, you must make a clean break with the past, instead of entangling with it from time to time."
Chapter 168 Not Necessary
	After Melinda got back home, the scene that Victor had said to her kept flashing through her mind. He was reasonable, but it was really difficult for her to do that.
	Even if she had been forcing herself to ignore Jonas, she had compromised so many times, just as Victor had said, and being entangled.
	There were still too many connections between the two of them. Melinda was not a heartless person who could give up completely.
	And if Nelson knew, he wouldn't let her do it. Nelson was very loyal to relationships.
	Melinda was upset.
	At the same time, when Emily received the photo sent by a private detective, Emily was also vexed. The feelings of Jonas for Melinda were far beyond her understanding.
	The same as Melinda, she thought that Jonas was just unwilling, but once again insisted, was it really that simple?
	All of this was because of love. Emily already thought of the ridiculous answer in her mind.
	But that was the truth.
	"Shall we continue watching them?" The voice of the detective came through the phone, which made Emily come back to her senses. She gritted her teeth and said, "Of course. Is he still in the hotel?"
	"It seems that he's going back to the Gu's mansion." In the starlight, a low-key black car followed behind the ostentatious sports car of Jonas. Seeing his driving route, they guessed that he might be on the way home.
	"Tell me when he is out," Emily exhorted. Now she couldn't enter the Gu's mansion freely. But the surveillance on Jonas wouldn't stop because of this. In important moments, Yulia would send her a lot of messages.
	The detective ended the call without another word. He focused his gaze on Jonas's car and didn't say anything else. The car that had been speeding suddenly slowed down and stopped, which caught him by surprise. The first thing he thought of was that he might expose himself.
	But Jonas didn't make any next move. The detective licked his lips, and finally drove slowly and passed Jonas's car. When the two cars were side by side, he saw that Jonas rolled down the window of his car, and a scarlet light appeared in the night.
	Jonas was very upset and didn't know how to vent it, as the Gu's mansion only brought him depression.
	He became more addicted to smoking after Melinda left.
	It was not until the last cigarette in the box finished that he closed the window. It was cold outside and his fingers were a little stiff.
	The next day, Jonas showed up at the downstairs of Melinda's company. Emily had been informed by the detectives and arrived at the company almost immediately.
	Those who were eager to accost Jonas were suspicious when they saw a beautiful and a little familiar woman, standing next to Jonas.
	"Here you are." Emily wore a miniskirt today, and her long, round, and slender legs were covered with long boots, light pink matching, which made her a pretty young girl.
	The clothes that Jonas wore were the couple's clothes that had been bought by Melinda before. The thin clothes made people shiver in such a cold weather.
	"What are you doing here?" Jonas glanced at Emily and looked away. He kept looking at the door, hoping to see Melinda. Even if she came out to ask him to go away, he would like to.
	However, Melinda did not appear in the crowd.
	Emily followed his eyes, pretended to say unintentionally, "Doesn't Melinda know you are here? Or she doesn't want to see you?"
	She said in a mock way, deliberately provoking Jonas, who remained unmoved and just said coldly, "It has nothing to do with you."
	"Jonas, if you keep standing like this, you will soon be on the headline of Weibo." What Emily said was true. The behavior of Jonas had drawn the attention of many private media.
	"Women always know women better. How about I give you a good idea?" Emily's eyes were half closed, but her mind was spinning fast. As expected, after hearing this, Jonas, who didn't take care of her, turned his head in an instant and looked at her with expectation.
	It seemed that his eyes were telling her to say it quickly.
	"Why don't you pretend to be with me? As long as Melinda still loves you, she will be jealous. By then, she will naturally appear," Emily said jokingly, but her fingers were clenched into fists, and her nails were deep into the palms of her hands.
	She seemed to be joking, but in fact she was serious. She was waiting for the answer of Jonas.
	But without a trace of hesitation, Jonas said coldly, "No way."
	The biggest misunderstanding between him and Melinda was Emily. And now, he let her get involved. Was he worried that Melinda would not be more alienated? Sometimes, Jonas was stupid in relationships, but he was smart enough to know that.
	Emily was still forcing a smile.
	"You really don't want to have a try? Maybe that's a good idea." Emily didn't want to give up. But Jonas didn't even want to give her a look.
	They fell into silence, but it was the lively atmosphere in the company. Although Emily had covered her face, she was still recognized.
	Due to this, Jonas had to leave. Standing in front of the window, watching the couple downstairs walk away together, Melinda sneered.
	Fortunately, she was not expecting anything this time. The so-called waiting was nothing but the appearance of Emily.
	"He's gone?" All of a sudden, a voice called out from behind. It was Victor. Melinda didn't know from when he stood next to her. She was surprised, but she quickly returned to calm. "Yes."
	"You still miss him?"
	"Not necessary."
	After saying that, Melinda no longer paid attention to Victor, and returned to her seat, but was in a daze for a long time.
	Standing in front of the window, Victor fell his eyes on the traffic on the street and pondered over what Melinda had said. She said "not necessary" but not "no". It was totally different.
	Although Jonas refused Emily's proposal, he still had expectations. He had been away for a long time, but there was no movement on his phone.
	Unconsciously, Jonas drove to the bar. His daily activities were in the club, and he only occasionally went to the bar.
	But now, he became more addicted to smoking and the feeling of getting drunk in the bar.
	He enjoyed the revelry of others and enjoyed his loneliness.
	As soon as Emily returned home, she got the news from the detective that Jonas went to the bar alone.
	Many bars didn't open in the daytime. Jonas went to a quiet bar, and there were many young men and women gathering there. Jonas didn't wear a suit today, so he looked younger in a group.
	He was sitting at the bar counter. Emily already saw him without even looking for him. She had been worried that Jonas might sit in a corner, and it would be hard for her to say that it was just a coincidence for them to meet each other.
	"Jonas?" In order to set off the atmosphere, the light in the bar was dim. Emily shouted in confusion, seeing that man look at her sideways. This small action made Emily's heart beat faster for no reason.
	She never denied that she liked money and power more than that of Jonas, but at this time, she felt that those things were not as important as the man in front of her.
	"Sir, I have arranged your table. Please come this way." The waiter walked up to Jonas, bowed slightly and said politely. Emily naturally followed Jonas.
	Soon, the waiter put the wine that Jonas ordered in his seat. Emily looked at various kinds of drinks and found that the alcohol degree was no less than 40. Emily was not a bad drinker, but she could not help frowning.
	Unconsciously, Jonas pulled his shirt collar before drinking, only to find that he was wearing a guardian armor. Feeling embarrassed, he pretended to be nothing and put his hand down.
	He began to drink alone. Emily took up the glass beside him and poured a glass for herself. She clinked her glass with Jonas's and said, "Come on, I'll drink with you."
	Jonas's lips parted, but finally said nothing. In fact, he wanted Emily to leave, but he didn't know how to open his mouth after a long pause.
	But sometimes, expression in eyes could be expressed. Emily could feel a touch of drive from Jonas's eyes, but she was an actress, so she was born to act.
	She chose to turn a blind eye to it.
	"Why are you here? Anything on your mind?" Emily did not drink as frequently as Jonas did. She changed the topic when she stopped, but it was a test.
	"You furrow your eyebrows into an old man and your face is so gloomy that even the young men around you are scared. If you have anything annoyed, you can tell me."
	Emily tried to talk to Jonas as a friend and said in a relaxed tone. Even if Jonas didn't answer, she didn't stop.
	"Don't meddle in my business. It has nothing to do with you."
	Jonas ignored Emily for a long while, and he said indifferently in the end. Emily sat still with a pale face in the dim light.
	"Got it," Emily said bitterly, pouring the cup in her hand into a full glass in an instant. She used to accompany Jonas, but now she was drinking fast.
	People around them couldn't help looking at them. The two people who had not spoken were drinking all the time. The woman looked very sad, but the upper half of her face was covered by her hair, and nobody knew if she was crying.
	The man was so intimidating that people around him couldn't help shivering. Those who had wanted to come out to save the beauty all shrank back at this time.
	These wine had a high alcohol content. After a while, Emily's drunk eyes became blurred, and tears also fell down.
	Her throat was burnt, and her sobbing voice was hoarse, making people feel sorry for her.
	Emily muttered with her mouth open and closed. Jonas was totally uninterested in it. But suddenly there was a weight on his shoulder. Then, Emily leaned over.
	Jonas, who had been calm all the time, suddenly moved. He stood up from his seat and Emily fell awkwardly on the sofa. The disgust in his eyes was obvious.
	He ignored Emily and left the bar alone. 
Chapter 169 New One
	For a moment, Emily felt that Jonas's antipathy and eyes were like nightmares in her heart. The people around her were laughing and talking, but in her eyes, they were all mocking her.
	It was the first time that Emily had felt overconfident in the face of Jonas.
	Her confidence all collapsed at this moment. She also realized one thing that Jonas was not the same person as she had known. There was a woman called Melinda in his heart.
	"Clap." With a loud noise, the glass in Emily's hand was smashed to the corner. The sudden sound attracted many people's attention, and the girl who covered her eyebrows stood up from her seat with anger.
	It was a lie hidden in the eyes of Emily.
	She had many ways to separate them, just like this time, the divorce.
	It didn't matter as long as she got what she wanted by hook or by crook.
	Lowering her head, Emily walked out of the bar. It was a sunny day, which was rare to see. She looked up at the sky, only to find it dazzling.
	'When did I become so unhappy with the sunlight?'
	Ever since she chose to be an actress, it had become a required course for her to pay attention to privacy. Although she was eager to be paid attention every day, she was very cautious.
	Now she was not that famous, but she still got in the car and left in a hurry. Recently, the company had signed a new comer for her agent, and the agent's attitude towards her became colder again. She had received so little work recently.
	Emily controlled the steering wheel and drove aimlessly in the city. The last place where she stopped was the company of Melinda.
	There was a cameraman and an assistant liked girl with lots of things in hand following Melinda. The three got on a commercial vehicle.
	"Mel, give me that thing." The cameraman got on the car first. Seeing that Melinda could not get on with her luggage, the man offered to help her. Melinda handed the things to him, and looked around with suspicious eyes.
	She felt like there was a burning sight behind her, and it seemed that the person who was staring at her wanted to swallow her.
	At the sight of the car parking not far away, Melinda had an answer in her mind.
	'What is Emily doing here? Does she come to make trouble?' Melinda muttered in her heart, but did not take it seriously. These people had nothing to do with her now.
	"Mel, why don't you get in the car?" The cameraman yelled at the top of his lungs. After Melinda regained her composure, she held the car frame and got into the car. There were three rows of seats and a lot of food were placed at the back. Today, their destination was the orphanage.
	These were gifts for the children inside.
	"Let's go." Melinda smiled sheepishly and reminded the driver to set off. It was not until the car had left for a long time that Emily started the car and left Melinda's company.
	She followed Melinda's car to the rear of the road. Sitting in the car, Melinda was checking whether there were any items in the bag when she found that the car was following behind.
	Melinda heart sank. 'Why does Emily follow me?'
	"Mel, why are you in a daze while counting? Do you remember where you just count?"
	The assistant and Melinda cooperated to count. After she counted her things, she saw Melinda put her finger on a candy, but there was no movement for a long time.
	Hearing her words, Melinda came to herself and began to think about how to get rid of Emily. Maybe it was because of the shadow of so many years that she had naturally have a natural guard against Emily.
	"Sir, please drive slowly and pass the traffic light at last second."
	Seeing the intersection ahead, Melinda suddenly said. Although the driver was a little confused, he still listened to her.
	The road had passed three traffic lights in a row, and the following two, Melinda asked the taxi driver to quickly pass before the red lights were on. After three crossroads, there was finally no figure of Emily behind.
	"Did you stay up late last night watching police and gangsters film?" The cameraman couldn't help teasing Melinda when he saw that she breathed a sigh of relief as if she had got rid of the terrorists.
	At this time, Melinda realized how strange her behavior was in other people's eyes. She took advantage of the remark to tease herself, "You are right. I just experienced it."
	The four of them burst into laughter.
	At the second crossing, Emily who lost Melinda's track realized what she had just done and was also in a cold sweat.
	There were cameras everywhere around. If she bumped into them, she would have a hard time.
	In the evening, Emily went to the bar alone, which could be said to be a local famous nightclub. There were many crazy men and women in it.
	With heavy makeup, she didn't look weird at all. She went on the dance floor with a group of people, enjoying herself as much as she wanted.
	She was confident in her makeup and didn't worry that she would be recognized.
	But one walked by the beach often wetting the shoes. After the night party, Emily went to bed directly as soon as she got home, which made her not see the headlines about her on the Internet.
	"Pure and innocent actress got drunk in the bar, sexy dancing like an erogenous woman."
	"The false pure actress?"
	"The leading actress whose surname is Mxx got anger in filming crew?"
	"The history of the actress with Mxx surname.". . .
	After a while, the news about Emily spread quickly on the Internet. Many people browsed the news online and found that it was a hot topic.
	Emily's agent, who had never paid much attention to Emily, was now greatly insulted by the superiors in the company. After she was scolded, she called Emily immediately and rushed to her home.
	She had a key to where Emily lived. As soon as she opened the door, she saw Emily throw her high heels and clothes all the way to her bedroom.
	The agent took a deep breath and had an illusion of catching adultery.
	However, there was only Emily in the bedroom. She was wearing makeup all night.
	"What time is it now? Why are you still sleeping?" Her agent was furious. She knew better than anyone that Emily was an ambitious person, so she was confident that Emily would not ruin her image. However, she did not expect Emily to make trouble for her.
	Emily rolled over and went on sleeping. Her agent's anger was on the edge of explosion. She picked up a cup of water and poured it on Emily's face.
	Feeling the coldness, Emily shivered and finally had a little sense. She gradually realized that she had just been splashed cold water, and a pillow hit on the agent. "Get out."
	"Do you think I really want to care you? You'd better pray that you can pull through this." With these words, the agent threw the entertainment morning newspaper from the newspaper stand on Emily.
	Emily also realized that something was wrong with what her agent had said. Reading the newspaper, she instantly widened her eyes. Those entertainment headlines had always been not afraid of big things.
	"It's not true,"
	Emily said in a hurry. She got so much attention because of her pure and innocent image. If it were to collapse, she would lose her future.
	"You know better than I do whether it's true or not. Watch your behavior." At this point, her agent stopped saying anything more.
	The entertainment circle was such a cold place. She may have had some sympathy in the past, but after so many years, she understood one thing.
	It was better to leave this circle as soon as possible, maybe it had a good opportunity, but this place was full of danger.
	Emily was nearly banished from entertainment industry by the company last time, but she finally made it through. She knew that Emily was still in danger, otherwise she wouldn't have been so calm.
	The agent left, Emily sat on the bed numbly. The title of the newspaper was dazzling, and it was on the front page.
	How long had she not appeared in the front page of the newspaper? Right now, her name appeared but the news was about her collapsing image. What she saw was not a collapsing image, but collapsing sky.
	How popular she could be? Since returning to China, she always relied on Jonas for everything.
	Thinking of this, a glimmer of hope appeared in Emily's eyes. With numb hands and feet, she found her mobile phone in a hurry. However, it was a mechanical female voice.
	Jonas turned off his phone.
	In the following days, Emily kept calling Jonas as if she was crazy, but she could never get through to him because his phone was powered off.
	For the time being, no one in the company made a sound. The statement from the public relations department was ambiguous. Last time Jonas helped Emily, so the company was tentatively waiting for the result.
	However, one day was enough for many news to create a greater impact. Since Emily had not appeared, the comment area of her Weibo had already been captured, and a group of people were scolding her.
	Some even made a mockery of Emily. Emily had tried every means to seduce Jonas before, but Mr. Jonas of the Soaring Group was not a fool. After knowing her true nature, he was wise to distance himself from Emily in front of media.
	For a moment, there were different comments. Emily's crazy fans were still struggling to hold on, but others were all talking with a real evidence, aiming to regard them as stupid, crazy fans, so that these followers were quiet.
	Silence, absolute silence. Everyone could tell that Emily had no chance to turn over again.
	The company held a meeting, and the final decision was to give up on Emily. This plan had already been created, so it was carried out very quickly.
	When she was trapped in the public opinion, the company just regretted that they didn't have any rules on the artists and then took advantage of the enthusiasm to push new comers out.
	The agent took over the contracts and transferred them to the freshmen without any hesitation under the company's leadership.
	It was just like the old saying, "People just see new ones smile and turn a deaf ear to the old ones crying.
	When Emily got the news, she changed her clothes and rushed to the company, ready to argue with the company. Giving her a hit at this time would make her disappear more quickly.
Chapter 170 Take The Opportunity
	The entertainment company Emily worked for was among the top ten in China and one of the top three in A City. There were the best actor and actress in the company, and Emily was quite a celebrity.
	However, the entertainment circle was a typical place where new comers would replace those old ones. Youth was everything. Emily couldn't compare with those new comers now. She had been maintaining her skin care with expensive skin care products all the time.
	And she dressed herself up gorgeously and tried to be better than others.
	But today, she appeared in the company in a mess. The receptionists looked at her curiously.
	Emily was sensitive enough to hear those whispers. If it was before, she would never let it go.
	"Hey, isn't that Miss. Bai? Why do you look so bad? Are you having too many alcohol recently?" Just as Emily walked to the floor where the artists usually came in and out, she heard a playful sneer. A group of women, all young and energetic, were basically new employees of the company.
	And there happened to be a new employee who the company was promoting recently.
	Now they faced each other with different thoughts.
	"Watch your mouth." Emily was used to be supercilious, but she began to fold her clothes to make the wrinkles obedient. Then she adjusted her hair and straightened her waist to make herself look noble.
	"What a terrifying woman! Which rich man does the pure and innocent actress ask for help from this time?" Those people knew that the company was going to give up on Emily. A bunch of hatred piled up in the past.
	They began to talk arrogantly. Emily's face suddenly turned pale. But she finally understood that she came here for the business.
	She would remember all of them!
	Emily snorted and turned to the agent's office. Those people looked at her back and laughed, with mean words more neatly than reciting lines.
	There were a lot of people in the agent's office, and so did the entertainment director. Seeing Emily, she had a long face. Emily walked in with a much slower pace.
	"Do it well. This is an opportunity for you from the company," the entertainment director said to the agent. The agent nodded busily and sent her away.
	Emily still wanted to say something, but her attitude to avoid arousing suspicion was very obvious. It was embarrassing.
	The director of the entertainment department came over, telling the agent to take good care of the new comer, not to make trouble in the entertainment industry like Emily did. Therefore, when she saw Emily, the agent announced her end directly. "You've been too tired recently. Have a good rest for a while."
	"For a while" could be a short time or a long time, and many people knew it clearly that Emily was going to be abandoned by the company.
	Emily was unwilling to accept the result and wanted to say something. Suddenly, the agent's phone rang and she was talking with the advertising company. She kept complimenting the new comer.
	Everyone was indifferent to Emily. No matter what happened, she couldn't do anything to them. If she wanted to be the same as before, she had to ask for money by herself.
	Emily was good at socializing and she was well connected with many people, but now those people were afraid of her. Nobody wanted to help her in the end, for fear of being implicated.
	She felt the reality of the society again and felt the coldness of the entertainment industry. The news about her on the Internet was not decreased.
	The attitude of the company became the last straw to crush her.
	Media were everywhere around Emily's house. She even dared not go back to her house now.
	The car was driving in the city. Finally, Emily drove to the Gu's mansion. After hesitating for a long time, she called Yulia.
	"Hello." Yulia's voice sounded casual. It was easy to tell that she was touching her newly manicured nails while answering the phone.
	"It's me," said Emily. She was not as superior as she used to be in front of Yulia, and her attitude was much softer now. After all, she was trying to ask for help.
	"What's up?" Yulia was surprised that Emily would call her at this time. With a little hesitation, she answered the phone. She was curious what Emily wanted to do at this time.
	"I have something to talk to you. I am at the gate of your home, can you meet me outside?" Emily asked. But soon Yulia rejected. Without hesitation, she said, "Just say it on the phone. I'm doing facial treatment."
	"Could you help me get through this? Gu family is capable of doing that." Emily came straight to the point. She could more or less feel Yulia's attitude.
	But she had no choice. Anyway, Yulia was the daughter of Gu family.
	"Emily Bai, have you forgotten what you have said before? If you ask me for help, then you are really asking the wrong person. You and Melinda are two of the people who I dislike. She had already been handled. Why should I help you?"
	Yulia would never forget that the contemptuous look in Emily's eyes. It made her happy to witness the misfortunes that had been going on between Melinda and Emily. It was impossible for her to help Emily.
	"I'm sorry, this famous actress. The illegitimate daughter of Gu family can't help you. You should pray for yourself," Yulia mocked, and she hung up the phone.
	She was unwilling to admit that she was in an awkward position. She said it intentionally just to mock Emily at this moment. 'Didn't you think that you were better than me? Now, you still have to beg me, an illegitimate daughter that you look down upon, ' she thought.
	Yulia felt satisfied as if she was taking revenge.
	With a livid face, Emily hung up the phone. She had been complacent all the time that she thought she had controlled Yulia, but it never occurred to her that she had been thoroughly used.
	It had been a totally different scene that Jonas returned to A City after three days on his business trip. William reported Emily's situation to him after he arrived at the company.
	"Got it." Hearing the name of Emily, Jonas couldn't help frowning and getting more annoyed when hearing her bad situation.
	It was not that he was worried about Emily, but that he had a feeling that Emily would find him soon. His phone was kept by William during these days. The number of Emily's call, which was as high as tens of thousands, almost dominated the screen.
	As expected, the moment Jonas returned to A City, Emily got the news and rushed to the Soaring Group.
	She said that she wanted to see Jonas in the name of Jonas's friend. The receptionist was smart enough as she could work in such a big group. Even though she despised Emily, she didn't say anything. Anyway, she reminded the secretaries in the CEO office.
	Finally, Emily met with Jonas, which made her want to cry. She didn't think too much before. Only after experiencing such things, did she know that some sincere feelings were rare.
	"Jonas, you must help me this time. I really can't do anything about it. I can't just end up like this." Looking at Jonas with tears falling down, Emily quickly began to seek help from him. She looked at Jonas carefully and saw that he was obviously a little unhappy with his eyebrows twisted together.
	Jonas felt a little weak. It was rare for him to have such symptom.
	He wasn't in a good mood. He didn't want to speak to Emily, but his conscience made him force himself to listen.
	"As I said, that was the last time I helped you." Jonas didn't forget what he had said. If Emily was willing to go on a good career in the entertainment industry, he would certainly help her. But now, she made herself in a mess.
	He had helped her once or twice, but he couldn't always help her.
	"Jonas, you're also responsible for this accident, aren't you? If you hadn't left alone, the media wouldn't have had the chance to attack me."
	Emily panicked at first, and then scolded Jonas. At this time, she was glad that the pictures taken by those reporters were not taken when she was in the night club.
	This inexplicable blame left Jonas in a trance. He recalled what had happened that day. It seemed that Emily had drunk too much for she was in a low mood because of him.
	If that was the case, he should be responsible for it.
	His frown deepened. Emily knew Jonas well. Seeing that he was thinking, she said thoughtfully, "Jonas, I'm sorry. I was too anxious just now to say something like that."
	But what done was done. Sitting on the chair, Jonas felt the coffee in front of him had become totally cold. Emily's saliva was almost dried up, but he didn't respond to her at all.
	"You can go back first."
	Emily didn't expect that this was all what she got after such a long time waiting. She wanted to know what Jonas's attitude was. But Jonas was always unpredictable, so she couldn't figure it out at all.
	Emily was respectfully led out of the office by William. Sitting on his chair, Jonas ordered, "You deal with it."
	"Yes, sir," William responded as he bowed. He had been busy with the accident since it happened. He knew that Emily was a capable person, who could always find ways to let the boss help her.
	William really wanted to tell Jonas that if he kept on tangling with her, he would only make things worse.
	When Emily returned near her apartment, she found that the paparazzi had disappeared. A vague guess arose in her mind, but she was not sure, so she simply waited for it at home.
	Jonas had great power in A City, and it was easy to deal with this kind of matter. After three days, he helped Emily to clean up.
	It reminded those who stood aside again.
	It didn't take a few days before the event quieted down. Those women who had mocked Emily began to be afraid of her. No one had expected that Emily would hook up with a powerful man and have turned over the table.
	Although she was still not very popular, those who wanted to cause trouble to her had to think over their consequences. 
Chapter 171 Suicide To Apology
	Emily was glad that Jonas had come to assist her, so she called him without hesitation. But there was only a long beep.
	"Jonas, do you have time for dinner? I want to thank you for your help." After waiting for a few minutes, there was still no reply from Jonas when she sent a few messages to him through wechat. But she kept sending him several messages continuously.
	Looking at the flickering screen of his mobile phone, Jonas's fingers holding the pen increased a lot. William watched, only to feel cold sweat.
	Emily was really a stupid girl.
	Feeling annoyed, Jonas finally stopped working and sent a message to Emily.
	"No, I don't want to be misunderstood by others."
	After he replied her message, Jonas handed his phone to William. William had to take over the task with difficulty. If Emily would come back to annoy him again, he could handle it himself.
	After receiving the message, Emily was disappointed. She thought that since Jonas would help her, he must still have feelings for her.
	The "others", she guessed, must be Melinda. Recently, she had been in a difficult position because of her own affairs, and had no idea of Melinda's recent situation.
	Emily was dressed up and restored her usual glamorous appearance. She turned around in the mall and picked out a watch, then she asked the clerk to package it carefully.
	With this gift, Emily came to the Soaring Group again. "I know you are busy, so I came here to thank you with the gift I personally picked. You can't refuse it,"
	Emily said in a lovely way. Now that she had nothing to worry about, her temperament changed a lot. At least she was not as sullen as before.
	"Okay," Jonas answered indifferently. He put the gift aside and decided to give it to William later.
	Emily didn't mind. Since Jonas was absent-minded, she kept talking alone. After a while, Emily stood up from her seat, walked behind Jonas, and put a little thing into his suit secretly.
	When he was in the office, he often wore shirt and the suit hung behind him.
	"I don't want to bother you anymore. I'll go back first," Emily said with a smile. And then she left by herself without need to be seen off. William felt strange when he saw this.
	"Miss Bai has left?" William asked doubtfully. He saw that the absent-minded boss looked at him absentmindedly and said, "What? You don't want her to leave?"
	"No, boss. Don't make fun of me," William said as he waved his hand. He would definitely stay away from Emily.
	"You can dispose of it as you like," said Jonas. William took the watch box away, thinking that if there was someone's birthday among his friends in the near future, he did not need to prepare one.
	Since returning from the business trip, Jonas always looked lack of strength, as if he had endless thoughts. But only William knew that the boss was thinking about how to pursue his wife.
	Or to be more specific, to get back his ex-wife.
	Sometimes he really felt that his boss was masochistic.
	Jonas would leave at the first time after work, regardless of whether there were important documents or not.
	The nature of Melinda's work made her work overtime a big routine. Most of the time, she didn't leave the company until eight or nine o'clock. Today, she was just about to finish the article she wrote about the orphanage. By the time she got off work, it was already nine o'clock.
	When Melinda walked out of the company, she could only sigh in her heart. Luckily, her license plate number wasn't confined today.
	Jonas's car was hiding in a dark corner. When he saw Melinda, he would always smile gently.
	Melinda drove carefully. Jonas followed her in a short distance, as if protecting her. He didn't leave until Melinda went back home and the light in her bedroom went out.
	Leaving the tracker in Jonas's suit, Emily didn't expect that Jonas would peep at Melinda and escorted her home after work.
	The situation had been the same for the last three days. Emily was sure that it was not a spur of the moment. And every time when Jonas did it, Emily got so angry that she smashed everything in her bedroom.
	Emily changed to casual clothes and borrowed a low-key car from someone. Then she followed Jonas to Melinda's company.
	Today, Melinda's car was limited. She usually took a bus back at this time. The subway station was a little far from the company.
	After work, Melinda looked around casually while looking for the bus's shift information on her mobile phone. These days, she felt that she was followed by someone.
	Although he deliberately hid himself in the darkness, Melinda still noticed it.
	Thinking of this, Melinda walked to the window and looked down. She found that there was a bright black car under the tree beside the company. It was a low-key car, and it seemed to be a little scarlet in the darkness.
	It must be Jonas. He must be smoking.
	"Mel, aren't you leaving?" The colleague packed up and saw Melinda standing by the window. She couldn't help but greet her.
	"I'm leaving now. By the way, can I borrow company's car? My car is confined today."
	Melinda was about to take a bus, but since she had changed her mind, her colleague didn't mind. "Race has the key. You can go to register and take the key directly."
	Race was in charge of the chores. It was the time for him to get off work, but the cabinet with the car keys was never locked. In order to make sure that when the department needed car, they didn't have to search for him everywhere.
	He had a separate office. The office was actually a storage room. Piles of things were piled up inside. According to the procedure, Melinda checked in and opened the closet and saw the key.
	She was the only one left in the office. After closing the windows and lights, she took the elevator to the parking lot. The large commercial vehicles which were arranged in a line were very conspicuous.
	It was the first time that Melinda had driven this type of car. She was a little nervous. The speed was as slow as a snail. She made a circle around the company and passed by Jonas's car, only to find that there was a white car behind this car.
	The car lights were all turned off. Melinda didn't pay much attention to it. She took out her phone and posted a message in the wechat moments. She found a photo that was taken a long time ago from the album.
	"It's been a long time since I got off work at an early time. I'm satisfied with today's work." The photo was a cake she made not long ago. She didn't share it because she didn't make it well.
	Sitting in the car, Jonas stared at the floor where Melinda worked with a frown. The lights were all turned off, but she didn't go downstairs until now. At this time, his mobile phone showed a star sign.
	Looking at Melinda's wechat moments, Jonas was a little upset to find that she had been off work for a long time today.
	The car, which had been parked downstairs for a long time, started slowly, and the white car was started in an instant. Feeling strange for a moment, Melinda waited until the car left in the direction of Jonas.
	Someone was following Jonas?
	Suddenly, Melinda thought of lots of stories. It was said that rich people were easy to get in trouble. Did this mean that Jonas was in trouble?
	Melinda chose to ignore her worries and keep telling herself, 'If something happens to Jonas, grandpa and Aunt Yao will be very sad.'
	Without thinking, Melinda started the car and followed the car. At this time, she felt very lucky that she had borrowed a company's car. If she walked on foot, she would be likely to be left behind.
	Melinda was so concentrated that she was about to catch up with the car in front of her. Finally, they reached a traffic light intersection and were neck and neck with the car.
	When she saw the person on the driver's seat, she frowned. It was Emily.
	As long as it was involved with Emily, nothing good would happen. This was the most basic belief in Melinda's heart. Afraid that she would be discovered, Melinda closed the window in a hurry.
	Since it was Emily, she wouldn't do anything bad to Jonas, right? Melinda guessed and followed the two of them cautiously. It was not until she saw that Emily wasn't following Jonas at an intersection that she heaved a sigh of relief.
	After driving a long way back home, Melinda thought of what happened today and could not help sending a message to remind Jonas of it.
	"How do you know that?" Jonas didn't pay attention to the thing that he was stalked. Watching the message from Jonas, Melinda felt like she had lifted a rock to hit herself on the foot.
	'What? Do you want me to say that I followed you?'
	All of a sudden, Melinda trembled with fear, then she said in a radical tone, "Because I know that you are following me recently. Naturally, I notice that there is a car behind you."
	Melinda thought this excuse was perfect, and smoothly pushed the tracking problem to Jonas, who did not realize that his behavior had been known by Melinda.
	It was a little embarrassing for him to admit that he had stalked her, so he naturally didn't know how to reply.
	"I'm worried about your safety."
	Being thick skinned, Jonas said these words naturally. It was easy for him to win again, so Melinda didn't reply to the message.
	Her words, however, drew enough attention of Jonas. He always hid his whereabouts very secretly, but there were countless coincidences of him and Emily, at this time, he could not help but wonder.
	"William, check if there's anyone following me or looking for me lately." Since Jonas grew up in this circle, he knew how to deal with problems. So he asked William to do his job quickly.
	But he got nothing in the end. The detective they found had ruined the task while Emily was in trouble before.
	"Mr. Jonas, are you stalked? Do we need to send some bodyguards to protect you secretly?" William was more nervous than Jonas. His boss had many enemies in the business world. If something happened to him, he would directly go to the Gu family with the gun and commit suicide. 
Chapter 172 Being Followed
	Seeing the wrinkled brows of Jonas, William was even more nervous. Was his opponent so powerful this time?
	He didn't know that Jonas just wondered how Emily knew where he was, or were these all just coincidences?
	The person she was going to follow was actually Melinda!
	Jonas broke out in a cold sweat at the thought of it.
	"Boss, I'd better arrange someone to protect you in secret." Looking at the sweat falling on Jonas's face, William thought the matter must be serious.
	He was even more imaginative than Melinda.
	Sitting in his seat, Jonas was thinking about it with his eyes closed. Finally, he thought of a possibility. He turned around and asked, "Which suit did I wear when Emily came to the company?"
	"Em... It's a tailored suit of the Y brand, and it is in light gray color." William was surprised, but he recalled it quickly and gave the answer. The coat was hung on the resting room in the office at that time. Jonas walked to the wardrobe and looked through it.
	William felt the boss was acting very strange today, but he couldn't tell what was wrong with him. Now that Jonas was looking for clothes, he thought he had lost something.
	"Ouch, why is there something so hard here?" William walked over and happened to touch the position of his pocket. He thought maybe the boss was not comfortable with this coat, but he didn't notice that Jonas's face suddenly changed.
	Not long after, a small black thing appeared in the palm of Jonas. William was shocked with his mouth wide open. This thing was not strange at all.
	"This is... A tracker?" A tracker was thrown in Jonas's coat, which made William dizzy.
	"Emily, well, well," said Jonas, gritting his teeth. He didn't expect that it was all thanks to his carelessness. If it wasn't for Melinda's reminder, he probably wouldn't know.
	"Tell the receptionist, don't let Emily go upstairs again," Jonas said to William after he turned around. William was not stupid, and he had guessed that it was Emily's masterpiece. He could only sigh that how bold this woman was to try to frame his boss.
	But what unsettled them most was that they hadn't found out for so long, how deep the mind of this person was to deceive everyone.
	William rushed to arrange the thing as soon as possible. He wished he could tell everyone in the company about it, even including the security department.
	Now in his eyes, Emily was a typical dangerous person.
	Jonas threw the tracker to William. If Emily wanted to follow him, she could just follow William. As for this, William was tearful and hung the tracker on the head of a stray dog.
	For Emily, Jonas felt he had done enough.
	Emily didn't know that all her efforts had been exposed. The tracker didn't work. After all, it was impossible for Jonas to wear the suit every day.
	But to her surprise, no matter she called Jonas or sent him a message through wechat, she didn't receive any reply.
	"Jonas, are you busy?" Emily was still texting him. Jonas's phone was thrown aside and he ignored all her messages.
	As Emily received no reply, she went straight to the Soaring Group, but was stopped by the receptionist.
	"Miss Bai, you can't go upstairs without an appointment." The receptionist gave Emily a polite smile. Emily stopped at the same place and many people around looked at her curiously. Emily was embarrassed and naturally looked bad.
	"I don't need an appointment," Emily said, proud of herself to have such a treatment, but the receptionist still smiled politely. "Sorry, we haven't received such a notice."
	Emily finally felt something wrong. She called Jonas but there was no reply from the other end of the line until the call was hung up automatically.
	She was not blacklisted, and Jonas just ignored it.
	She couldn't understand why things turned out like this overnight.
	"I couldn't get through to Jonas. Please help me call the people in the CEO office," Emily said in a commanding tone. She was dissatisfied with the receptionist's attitude because she thought that she was Soaring Group's distinguished guest.
	The two receptionists looked at each other and shook their heads with a smile, "We can't call the CEO office if there is nothing important."
	People at the front desk refused her request all the time. Emily had no choice but to wait in the resting area with her face half covered.
	She made up her mind to tell Jonas how the receptionists behaved.
	Unfortunately, when it was at the off duty time in the company, she still didn't see Jonas at all.
	In the past three days, Emily was treated the same way. This time, she was determined to see Jonas. Regardless of the receptionist, she went straight to the elevator.
	When the elevator door opened, William showed up in front of them, wearing a smile. The receptionists at the front desk immediately breathed a sigh of relief, as if they saw their savior.
	"William, where is Jonas? I want to see him." Emily tidied up her messy clothes, as if she were the hostess. William could not help but exclaim in his heart at her shamelessness.
	"Miss Bai, Mr. Jonas asked me to tell you something." William looked gentle when he smiled, but everyone in the company knew that he was a smiling tiger.
	Sure enough, his next sentence was a violent attack to her. "According to the recent behaviors of Miss Bai, you have caused an excessive harassment. If you continue to pester Mr. Jonas, he will sue you for that."
	Those who were watching the drama couldn't help but burst into laughter. Emily's face turned pale. She didn't believe that Jonas would treat her like this, but William didn't seem to be joking.
	At this point, no matter how thick her skin was, she could not stay here anymore.
	William was relieved to see her leave.
	"It must be Melinda, that bitch!" Emily said, gnashing her teeth. The hatred in her eyes was frightening.
	She wouldn't let Melinda go so easily. She had to!
	Yulia had always thought that Emily used her all IQ on hurting people. And she wasn't exaggerating at all. Now, Emily hated Melinda and had already thought about how to revenge on her.
	Poor Melinda, she didn't know she took the blame again, though she was the one who reminded Jonas of what had happened to Emily.
	When her car was limited, Melinda hated to work overtime. But today she worked overtime. When she finished her task, it was almost nine o'clock.
	"Alas, what's wrong with my boss? We are not allowed to go back to work. I feel scared when I go back home at late night," Melinda's colleague said, stretching herself lazily while tidying up her belongings swiftly.
	"What are you afraid of? Are there sculptures at the door?" another colleague echoed. Several men were standing at the door to pick up their girlfriends.
	"Don't be afraid. After all, you are safe-looking. But Mel should be careful. Look at your pretty face and hot body." The two girls packed their things and joked with each other again.
	The girl's unintentional words caused Melinda to stop what she was doing, and her face turned a little gloomy.
	These days when she went back home, she always felt that someone was stalking her. Thinking that she had to take the bus back today, she couldn't help clenching her fists.
	"Mel, why do you look so bad? Are you uncomfortable?" The two girls finally stopped fighting, but they saw Melinda's pale face. She frowned as if she was thinking about something.
	"Nothing. I am just thinking is there anything wrong with today's article." Melinda made up an excuse. She was a little distracted these days, causing the quality of the articles to decrease greatly and she was criticized in public at today's meeting.
	"Don't take it to heart. Everyone has a bad mood sometimes."
	The comforting words of her colleague make Melinda leave all the other things behind. There was a bus station not far from the company. The trouble was that she had to pass by an alley before she got home.
	Melinda clenched her bag, which was a little heavier than before. She had hidden a bar and pepper spray in it.
	As soon as she left the company, she felt that she was stared at in the dark. With scalp tingling, Melinda walked faster. There were not many people at the bus station. She occasionally turned around, but she still didn't see anyone.
	The person was like a shadow, always following her without being seen.
	As soon as Melinda got off the bus, she stared at the people who got off along with her and found that they all went in different directions. She grabbed her bag again and quickly walked to the entrance of the alley.
	The alley was dark with only vague light coming in. Melinda covered her chest to feel her heart beating which was abnormal fast.
	She walked lightly, but the thumping sound of her high heels could not be avoided. Her heartbeat quickened.
	The alley was more than one hundred steps long, but Melinda was frightened into a cold sweat. She wanted to turn around very much, but she was afraid of alerting the enemy, so she almost walked while counting her steps.
	Five.
	Four.
	Three.
	There were another two steps. Melinda swallowed and suddenly sped up. At the same time, she heard that the unhurried pace of the person behind her also sped up.
	Melinda was so nervous that her legs were trembling. After she passed the corner, she leaned against the wall, holding the iron bar tightly in her hand. She was short of breath and her eyes were closed.
	In addition to her heartbeat, she heard the footsteps. As the person was close, her fingers holding the iron bar trembled more violently.
	A shadow passed Melinda. She closed her eyes and waved the stick with all her strength. The man fell on the ground. Melinda leaned against the wall and gasped for air.
	There happened to be a cudgel next to her. She gave up the iron bar in her hand and waved the cudgel towards that person like a female soldier. The man did not react from the pain just now. He cuddled up and groaned on the ground. 
Chapter 173 Paper Tiger
	It was at this time that Melinda noticed the man. He had a long scar on his face, looking like a savage.
	Thinking of this, Melinda swallowed nervously with her eyes wide open.
	The man looked at Melinda angrily. He did not expect that she would be so violent. His anger was even more frightening. Melinda unconsciously reached out her hand to search the things in her bag.
	It was not far away from the community, so she should be able to escape safely.
	"Why did you follow me?" Melinda still waved the iron bar, as if she was threatening. The man felt a little annoyed that he didn't expect himself to be beaten. The wound on his body reminded him that Melinda was not a woman to be trifled with.
	"If you don't tell me the truth now, I'll call the police," Melinda threatened.
	When the man heard her words, his expression changed a little. Finally, he said helplessly, "Mr. Gu asked me to protect you."
	'Mr. Gu? Jonas?' Melinda began to think.
	The fierce looking man in front of her was here to protect her, but she just beat him. Recalling that, Melinda found that he did not fight back, but protected himself from too much harm.
	Seeing that she was still suspecting him, the man explained, "Last time, Mr. Gu found out that Emily had put a tracker in him. Then he found out that Emily was looking for someone to retaliate against you."
	"Revenge on me? I haven't bothered her recently, have I?" Melinda was puzzled. Why did Emily badger her when she only worked hard?
	The poker faced scarred man's face convulsed. Obviously, he was speechless to what Melinda paid attention to.
	"Mr. Gu knows that you don't want him to follow and protect you, but he is worried about your comfort, so he arranged me to escort you home after work,"
	the man said. He thought, 'Mr. Gu is such a cold man. Sometimes he is so soft. But this woman is really a little more violent.'
	Although he had a strong resistance and had had more severe injuries than this, he felt ashamed to be hit by a woman like this.
	Melinda was touched by the consideration of Jonas, but her gratitude didn't last long.
	No matter what he did or how well he did now, it couldn't make up for what he had done in the past.
	"I don't need his fake kindness." Now that Melinda knew who he was, she was not nervous at all. She crossed her arms and sneered.
	The man thought that Melinda was ungrateful. He was annoyed by her reaction and wanted to teach her a lesson.
	He was not happy for Jonas, but he also wanted to revenge for himself. Anyway, he could only think about it.
	"Miss Mo, you really don't know anything, two days ago, a man followed behind you and was about to attack you, but I stopped him."
	He told her about the danger of that day, as if it was just a casual thing. However, Melinda was frightened into a cold sweat. If it had not been for someone protecting her two days ago, she might have been hurt now.
	It was not until now that Melinda realized that her back had been wet in sweat.
	Her fears were expressed undisguised at this time, which made the man feel a little better.
	But, thinking of what Jonas had told him, he reminded her again, "Now that you have discovered me, I won't protect you in the future. Be careful."
	The man felt that as long as Melinda was cautious enough, she would not be hurt. He was hurt seriously. At this time, standing up from the ground, he could not help but gasp in astonishment.
	Melinda walked to him and offered, "How about I take you to the hospital?"
	Melinda's eyes were calm, and at this time the guilt was obvious. The man stood up from the ground and pulled the corner of his mouth. "No, it's just a small wound. I'll apply some medicine after I go back."
	He walked steadily, except for some improper movements occasionally. Melinda walked slowly towards the community after the man disappeared.
	Thinking of how fierce she was just now, in the eyes of him, it was just a minor wound. Needless to say, if this person was really a gangster, her tricks were not enough at all.
	The thought of this sent a shiver down her spine. It was the first time that Melinda had felt so close to danger.
	With mixed thoughts, Melinda came back home. Not until she checked the windows and door three times did she relax a little.
	She had been tortured for only a short while by the feelings of fear and trembling. However, Melinda dared not let herself sleep.
	At the same time, the man appeared at Jonas's house. Seeing his injury, Jonas asked, "Did Emily attack?"
	"Boss, she caught me,"
	the man said reluctantly. Even the bastards sent by Emily were not strong enough for him to beat alone, but Melinda, no matter how strong one's ability was, he couldn't beat her, so he had to restrain himself.
	"Did Linda hit you?"
	Jonas couldn't believe it. In his eyes, no matter how angry Melinda was, she was always gentle and kind. How could she hit someone like that?
	The man felt wronged for himself. Seeing this, Jonas coughed intentionally and asked the man to tell the details of that time.
	"She used an iron bar to hit you at the beginning?"
	Jonas heard another key point, and the man nodded with a black face, but saw his boss laughing.
	He felt even more aggrieved. Once he recovered from his injuries, he would definitely go to find several brothers to practice their martial arts to give vent to his depression.
	And what pleased Jonas most was that Melinda was still the same woman he knew, who had changed her weapon for she knew iron bar would hurt people.
	"Should we send someone else to protect her?" The man replied in detail, including the dialogue between him and Melinda. Hearing this, Jonas thought for a moment, but shook his head firmly.
	"She is not a fool. She will figure it out when she knows that Emily wants to hurt her." Jonas still had confidence in her. Although he said so, the worries in his eyes couldn't be hidden.
	The man didn't say anything more. Anyway, he has accomplished his mission.
	Melinda was sleepy, and her eyelids were fighting. However, the bedroom was still bright. She almost fell asleep. She suddenly stood up from her seat and patted her cheek gently.
	"Aha... I'm so sleepy," Melinda mumbled after she yawned. She was thinking about how to deal with the incident this time. Emily had numerous schemes. She worried that it would be impossible for her to handle it.
	As the orange light fell on her body, Melinda seemed to be covered by a hazy light. However, her pretty face wrinkled. The beauty in her eyes was no longer elegant, but a kind of unknown panic.
	At this time, Melinda missed home very much. With the protection of grandpa, no one dared to bully her.
	But she also knew that she had grown up. She was no longer the child who had hidden behind her grandfather when she had made mistakes in her childhood. She had to face the society alone.
	Melinda felt that she was going to lose her hair. It was almost 12 o'clock in the night. After a long hesitation, she picked up her phone and dialed Kent's number.
	Now she really didn't know who else she could turn to for help except Kent.
	"It's so late. Are you still up?" Kent picked up the phone. The way he talked to her made Melinda feel at ease.
	"Kent, am I interrupting you?"
	Kent knew Melinda well that she wouldn't call him at midnight unless she had something urgent to deal with.
	"I have to work overtime. Your call wakes me up a lot. I almost pass the night by bending over the table," Kent said helplessly, comforting Melinda without a word.
	"you are working so hard,"
	Melinda said blandly, but she didn't know how to get to the point. She who was good at writing could be as "eloquent" as a primary school student right now.
	"You call me just to say that. Shouldn't I feel honored to receive your call?" Kent put down the pen in his hand, kneaded his temples to soothe his intense nerve.
	In fact, he said that was not only for comforting Melinda. The call had saved him from endless work, and the periodical office very busy recently.
	The tea that his wife made had already cooled down. Kent took a sip casually. His slightly dry voice was much better all of a sudden.
	"It sounds like I am heartless," Melinda murmured to herself. Then she realized that she could only call Kent for help. She felt very guilty for no reason.
	"Aren't you?"
	If someone asked Kent about it, he would immediately name Melinda as the most heartless one among the people he knew.
	Thanks to the teasing of Kent, Melinda was less nervous. She sat on the bed with legs crossed and prepared to speak.
	"Kent, do you still remember Emily?"
	"Why did you mention her? What a bummer!" Of course, Kent wouldn't forget Emily, because Melinda's suffering had everything to do with that Emily, not to mention that she was the one once Jonas loved.
	Even though she was not the one he loved for a long time.
	"I was followed by someone recently. It turned out that Emily was behind that." Melinda had removed the role played by Jonas in this matter naturally.
	Hearing this, Kent's heart missed a beat. He asked with concern, "Are you okay?"
	"I am okay, Jonas... I'm just worried that she might have a plan B." Melinda simply told him that Jonas had arranged someone to protect her, and then told him what had troubled her the whole night.
	Emily was absolutely a time bomb. Although she did nothing, Melinda was too scared to sleep.
	"You can't fall asleep because of this?" It had to be said that Kent really knew Melinda well. From this moment on, he figured out why she called him at late night. He was immediately irritated that she hesitated to tell him this thing.
	"Yes." Melinda felt even more embarrassed. She was a paper tiger sometimes, and she was indeed afraid of it. 
Chapter 174 The Police Is Coming
	"Leave it to me. You can sleep now. Otherwise, you will go to work with black rims on your face tomorrow."
	Even though Kent mocked her, Melinda didn't know why she felt reassured. Maybe it was because she trusted him.
	"Sorry to bother you again," Melinda said after hesitating. She knew that Kent didn't like to hear this, but she couldn't help but say that.
	Melinda was afraid of making trouble for others, but she couldn't handle everything well, which made her upset.
	Hearing her polite tone, Kent lost his temper immediately. "If you think it's bothering, just wait for the matter to be solved and invite me to dinner. Please spare your spare time and invite me to express your boundless gratitude."
	Even though he was angry, he just jeered at her. Perhaps it was because of his tone that could make Melinda feel relaxed.
	He brought up the topic about last time when he changed the topic. Since the editing department forbade them to go back home to work, it made them felt that a capitalist exploited the employees.
	It was a normal thing to work overtime until eight or nine o'clock. In the past, when they went home, they would never feel that the workload was this heavy. Later, someone in the department sometimes measured the quantity of tasks. Since the plan came out, the tasks given by the superiors was 1.5 times than before.
	With the faint salary of the past and more work, everyone would complain incessantly. Victor spoke for the superiors that in fact, the normal work should be 1.25 times. He said that they always had so much free time in the past.
	As a result, the dinner date made by Melinda and Kent was delayed for almost a month.
	"I will treat you the dinner this time even if I will get my salary deducted," Hearing that, Kent burst into laughter and said, "Don't do that! If my wife knows that, she will scold me! You have only a little salary, but I still wanted to have the meal and deduct your salary. How could you be so unreasonable, Kent?"
	Kent imitated his wife's tone. Hearing that, Melinda couldn't help laughing, and her intense mood immediately eased a lot, She knew that Kent was helping her to relax. She couldn't help saying thanks to him in her heart.
	Kent was a talkative man. He kept chatting with Melinda. Then he raised his head and looked at the clock in the study. He found that the minute hand had reached number 6, so he urged her, "Well, you should have confidence in the security of your own community. Go to bed early."
	"Okay." The sleepiness swept over her again, leaving her a night light. Soon Melinda fell asleep.
	It was not a good start for Emily to take revenge on Melinda. She didn't expect that there was someone protecting her.
	"One person is not enough, how about a group? Melinda, you can't be so lucky every time,"
	Emily talked to herself. She had been in the entertainment industry for so many years. She only knew a few upper class, but she knew a lot of rogues, especially those who would do anything once she gave money to them.
	All these people had an agent to be contacted. Emily gave the agency fee to the group and the agency introduced her a group of people, who were tall and strong with fierce muscles. Children could be scared to cry when they walked out.
	There were five people in total, and they were fierce. Even the employer, Emily, was a little scared by their imposing manner, but she was satisfied with it.
	"Her car is confined tomorrow. She'll definitely take this road. All you have to do is to wait here. You can do whatever you want to her. We can discuss the price."
	Emily found a photo of Melinda from nowhere. It was taken by the seaside and she smiled against the waves, like a little fairy. Two of the five of them had their eyes wide open.
	"Since you are a beauty, I will give you a 20% discount." The leader of these men seemed to be easy-going, but in fact, he was somewhat greedy. In the eyes of these people, Melinda was a stunner.
	Emily was satisfied with the result but she was a little unhappy. She thought that Melinda was really a slut. How seductive she was.
	A group of people agreed on the price. Just then, Emily's doorbell rang. Her eyes darkened. She pushed the five people into a guest room at the first time.
	"I'm sorry, you have to stay here for a while." She was good at speaking and didn't dare to say anything too harsh. The group of people didn't mind at all, knowing that she was a public figure and wanted to have a good image.
	"Who is it?" Emily shouted at the door. Several people at the door looked at each other and one of them shouted, "Police."
	Emily opened the door. As expected, several policemen were standing at the door with long faces. Emily leaned against the door frame, showing no attitude to step way.
	"Oh, you are policemen. What are you doing here? Are you here to ask for water?"
	It was Emily's arrogant attitude that made the police's face darken.
	Emily said with sarcasm.
	"You are suspected of threatening someone. Please explain it after you get to the police."
	At last, the calmer senior police officer said. His eyes were as sharp as eagle's. it seemed that he could see a person's nature.
	"Do you find the wrong person?"
	Emily chuckled, but she was a little nervous. It was impossible for the police to come to her without any reason. There must be something that she did not know.
	"The famous star, Emily Bai, could it be anyone else?" the man asked. With a look of arrogance on her face, Emily said, "I admit that I are a big star, but the threat is not true. Why should I go to the police?"
	"Cut the crap! Sir, she didn't give a damn! She has to go to the police station for such a bad attitude. Take her away!"
	There was a young man coming to her. Seeing that the female star was still arrogant and refused to cooperate, so he became very angry. He beckoned to his colleagues and pressed them against her, ignoring Emily's resistance.
	"Aren't you a superstar? If you want people to come here to watch you, just don't cooperate with us." The policeman was a slippery man. Seeing that Emily did not cooperate, he threatened directly. As expected, Emily became quiet at once.
	These people's voices were not low, and when the five men heard it, their faces turned pale. They were not unfamiliar with the police.
	Now that Emily was taken away by the policemen, the cooperation would be discussed again.
	"I don't think we should get involved in this matter anymore. That woman has been put into the police station. We are just released few days ago," one of them said in fear.
	Since the police had already inserted the case into the police station, they had to think about it no matter how much money they could get. Since they had been warned when they had been released from the police station, they wouldn't be released so easily if they got in again.
	"The deposit has been paid, and we just got the money without doing anything. The woman dare not tell the police about us. Let's go."
	"That's right. She had offended those cops just now. We should be careful even if she has nothing to do."
	The five men left the scene one by one. They didn't want to be involved at this moment and soon they scattered. They were afraid that the police would come back to find any evidence.
	Since Emily was taken to the police station, she was not honest. She kept talking and was very arrogant. "If you have anything to say, just tell my lawyer. I'm very busy.
	I'm going to call my agent and ask my lawyer to come here. You guys, wait to receive my lawyer's letters."
	The policemen had seen many kinds of people before, but it was the first time that they had met someone so arrogant and stupid.
	Indeed, in the eyes of these people, Emily's behavior was stupid.
	She was still shouting, and finally seemed tired and sat silently by the side. Seeing this, the police said, "I don't need the transparent tape I just found."
	Hearing his words, Emily stared at the man and didn't expect that he wanted to seal her mouth like that. When she was about to say something, the man pulled out a transparent tape and threatened her.
	Suddenly, she quieted down.
	It was not police at all. It was the bandits. She didn't know that these were assigned by someone on purpose.
	When Kent went to the police station to look for them, he reminded them that the girl was very arrogant, and then he offered advice kindly. What Emily did totally echoed Kent's guess. The police believed most of what he said that she threatened people.
	The lights were on, but Emily's heart was filled with panic for no reason. Melinda was as nervous as Emily, who was just off duty.
	She was a little afraid of driving alone, trembling when entering the parking lot. She was afraid of being attacked, so she decided to take a bus for a few days.
	She was careful when she walked home. She wished that she could have clairaudience that she could notice as long as there was any noise. She also hoped that she could have the same speed as The Flash so that she could get home instantly without anything to worry about.
	Melinda came back home in great fear, with cold sweat all over her back.
	She arrived safely. Putting down her bag, Melinda splashed her face with cold water in the bathroom to make herself a little sober. She could not help but recall that Kent had said he would deal with this matter.
	After returning to the living room, Melinda called Kent.
	"Kent, I'm home." Melinda called Kent to inform him of her safety. Kent glanced at the woman sitting inside and said to Melinda gently.
	"I've said that I would take care of it. It's good that you get home." Kent was a man of action. Melinda had made the call last night and he soon figured out a solution.
	He was not as domineering as Jonas, but he had his own way.
	"Let me buy you some midnight snack," Melinda said as she reminded of her promise, but was refused by Kent.
	"I'm busy now. Maybe next time," Kent said. Melinda didn't insist and hung up the phone after a few words. 
Chapter 175 Slandering For Slandering
	As soon as Kent hung up the phone, he walked into the room inside. Emily was sitting there, but in a condescending manner, she confronted everyone.
	"The victim's family is here. You can tell him your problem." The policeman was annoyed by the woman, so when he saw Kent come in, he immediately pushed the matter on Kent.
	When Emily and Kent looked at each other, there was a moment of panic in Emily's eyes. In the past, she only thought that Kent was a frail scholar, but she didn't expect that he would be so powerful when she saw him again.
	He had an aura of a superior. The position of the editor in chief had made great contributions to Kent's aura.
	"Miss Bai, it's been a long time," Kent greeted her with a faint smile. He was still the gentleman, but his eyes were as sharp as eagle's.
	"Mr. Jiang, I have a question for you. Why did you ask the police to take me here?" Emily didn't like Kent, just like she didn't like Melinda.
	She didn't like anyone who was kind to Melinda. In her opinion, they were all blind that they would be kind to Melinda. Nelson was the most serious one, and the second one was Kent.
	"Of course for a serious matter. Miss Bai, have you forgotten that you have threatened Mellie so soon?" Kent pushed his glasses up the bridge of his nose, as if a ray of cold light flashed. Hearing what he said, Emily was in a panic and then sneered.
	"Are you making up a story? I know you're a good story teller. But why would I do such things to destroy my reputation since I'm so famous? What's wrong with me?"
	Emily said, with her fingers under the table clenching tightly. She forced herself to cheer up and deal with the person in front of her.
	She didn't forget that Kent was a smart man. He was eloquent enough to turn the dark into the white.
	"I don't know if there is anything wrong with you, but you did do that," Kent said and sat at the opposite side of Emily calmly. The police looked at them and found that Emily was like a clown.
	"Stop talking nonsense here. I have no reason to do that. And, where is the evidence?"
	said Emily. She believed that the person would not expose her. Hearing her words, Kent frowned as if he thought of a difficult thing. Which made Emily a little proud. She pointed at the police and said, "I want to sue this person for slander and destroy my reputation. I'm a public figure. Do you know how serious the effect is?"
	While the policemen looked at each other, a woman came in again. This woman was Emily's new agent, who was in her thirties and was very composed. Hearing Emily's yelling, she frowned.
	She wouldn't take over the awful mess if her superior didn't ask her to accept the job.
	Although Emily was cleaned up, her agent knew clearly that Emily was just a mess. And she didn't expect that the mess would make trouble for her as she was called to the police just after a few days since she took over this mess.
	"You come at the right time. I will sue this person for defamation."
	Seeing that her agent came, Emily became more arrogant. This woman was arranged by Jonas, since she was well connected, if she came, she would definitely find a way to get away.
	What was more, Kent had no evidence now.
	Emily was too innocent to think about that. If there was no evidence, would the police station let Kent mess around with her?
	Melinda had got the evidence from Jonas under the instruction of Kent.
	"Sir, do you think there is any evidence that Emily has frightened your friend?"
	Her agent ignored Emily. Emily could only mutter how famous she was, not substantial words.
	"Miss Bai is so popular. If she does something, it's not hard to find that," Kent said with a smile, but the agent actually felt a sense of danger from it.
	Kent said that at a double answer, and he was vague with her. She couldn't help but think whether he had any evidence. If she was set up, what should she do? And the most annoying thing was that she didn't know the truth. She had to stick to the principle to protect Emily.
	"Of course. But the star also has the privacy, if the privacy is invaded, we also must pay attention to it." The agent said with Kent for a while, but they didn't get to the point.
	"Privacy? The latest news? But fortunately, you've been very careful and protected her in just a few days."
	The agent's face darkened as he heard the irony in Kent's words. Those policemen who disliked Emily laughed out loud unkindly.
	"Kent, don't go too far!" Emily stood up and was about to confront with Kent, but was pressed down by the agent. Kent was still smiling indifferently. "This is the police station. Please watch your behavior, Miss Bai."
	"A straightforward person does not resort to insinuations. Mr. Jiang, what on earth do you want to do? Why do you slander Emily like this?"
	The agent said, seeing Emily's expression, she knew that it was likely to be true, while Kent was the most reasonable one. When the agent asked, he told her the recent things slowly.
	It was reasonable and convincing.
	Then a policeman came forward and reported. They had received evidence. Although the case was not serious, Emily should bear legal responsibilities.
	"Mr. Jiang, Emily is a public figure. How about we carry out a private mediation?" The agent realized that Kent had come well prepared, so she looked at Emily angrily. But she still maintained her calm and experienced.
	She knew what to do was the best solution.
	"It seems to be good to mediate in private. But I am so sorry that the police have to go through this. It is better to make your superstar, apologize to the victim."
	The word "superstar" couldn't hide a trace of mockery in his tone. It seemed that Kent was easy to persuade. But his attitude showed that he would solve the problem for sure. Otherwise, Emily would be sent to the police station for a few days.
	Apologizing might be the best solution.
	"I don't want to apologize to that bitch." Emily's reaction was the most intense. Hearing that, Emily's agent almost fainted. Was she still thinking that it was not a big deal? Her attitude was still as bad as before.
	Just as she expected, the smile on Kent's face froze. "Make the apology public, or we'll sue you. No negotiation."
	Even though the agent was skillful, it was useless since Kent rejected the negotiation at this time. Thinking that it was all Emily's own fault, she felt a pang of pain in her heart.
	What kind of person did she take over? Her reputation in the business circle was almost ruined.
	Not letting them go, Kent sat still. The agent finally compromised and let Emily apologize to the victim.
	"These policemen can prove it. What's more, if the victim is hurt by anything recently, it will be all up to you. You'd better not let me have any evidence,"
	Kent said jokingly, but no one would think it was a joke. And now, what was worse, they not only had to apologize, but also had to protect Melinda.
	Emily didn't expect that things would end up like this. She was unwilling to accept this, but she knew that this agent was very powerful.
	The group of people left the police station in tumult. Still, a lot of media were informed. Her agent had become a professional one at this point. No one knew what she had done to turn the media's attention to Kent.
	Kent was sort of a celebrity now.
	"Just solving a problem." Kent smiled gently. He didn't want to say anything, but he reminded the media to pay more attention to Weibo.
	Both sides decided to let Emily apologize to Melinda and made an address. As for Kent, it would be better for Emily to hold a press conference, but he should be cautious.
	The paparazzi had a keen sense of smell. After hearing Kent's words, they sneaked into the police station again to ask for the news. The policemen were all satisfied with what just happened. Emily irritated everyone and they told everything to the media.
	At that night, the video of Emily coming to the police station appeared on Weibo. With the news that those paparazzi got from the police station, negative news about Emily instantly emerged on the news.
	This made those people very happy. Last time when Emily was whitewashed, they were not reconciled at all. It was an accumulated negative news, but just like this, their hard work was whitewashed.
	It was another blow to Emily's popularity.
	The next morning, after Melinda arrived at the company, she received a link from Kent, so she knew what had happened. And at this time, Victor also came up to her.
	"Are you all right?"
	"What?"
	Hearing that, Melinda raised her head in astonishment. She had thought that it was a business call from Victor, but she hadn't expected that he was caring about her. Then she realized that as a semi media company, they naturally knew that.
	"It's okay. Thank you,"
	Melinda said politely. Noticing that she treated him indifferently, Victor felt uncomfortable and wanted to care more about her. Picking up the cup on the table, Melinda said, "I'll go get some hot water. Please sit here yourself, Mr. Cheng."
	This news must have been known to everyone in the company. At the thought of their questions, Melinda felt her head was aching. She had just found an excuse to leave.
	The gossips about her and Victor had just dissipated. She didn't make any topic to pry into.
	Melinda remembered Emily's sullen face under the camera and only thought that she looked so pitiful that it seemed as if she had suffered a great injustice.
	It was just that this was obviously a show, no wonder there were some comments that this video was more fake than her acting skill.
	They didn't know what politeness was. They were just slandering for slandering her.
	However, it didn't matter. Melinda was happy to see that Emily was beaten. After suffering a lot during this period, she finally had a chance to vent her anger. 
Chapter 176 You Are So Patient
	On this day, there were just a lot of people caring about Melinda. The people sitting beside her took a pile of snacks from their seats to give it to her. "Poor Mel, come on. Eat something to calm down."
	She looked at those snacks in resignation. Then she tore open a candy and put it into her mouth with a smile. "It's so sweet. It's so sweet that I forget all those unhappy things."
	The colleague roared with laughter.
	The group of colleague shared the same enemy and hated Emily. The average netizen did not have the materials of Emily, and these were stored among the staff of the semi media.
	During the working hours in the morning, Melinda was treated like a national treasure by a group of people. Even Victor had said that he would change the work time. It was too dangerous for a female employee to go home at night.
	This group of people suddenly became excited. Even Melinda thought it was worth it.
	When Jonas had read the news this morning, he understood why Melinda had asked him for the evidence that day. He was gratified. She had finally learned how to protect herself. But soon Jonas was disappointed. She didn't need him anymore.
	Actually, he was supposed to drive to the company. However, he drove to the downstairs of the company where Melinda worked. He could see the busy figures in the office building through the window.
	Melinda was one of them.
	The time that Kent and Emily discussed was the noon of the day. After saying goodbye to her colleagues, Melinda left the company. To her surprise, she ran out of the company and met Jonas.
	"Are you okay?" Jonas's car was parked on the side of the road. Seeing that it seemed to be Melinda's figure, he quickly got off the car and trotted in front of Melinda.
	A tall figure appeared all of a sudden and blocked the sunlight. Melinda blinked and adapted to the light. She had to raise her head so that she could see Jonas's face.
	He said in a low voice and looked at her tenderly, which was rare.
	"I'm okay,"
	Melinda said as she shook her head, unconsciously stepped back two steps, and then she felt much better. She looked around, not willing to look at Jonas.
	However, his eyes were focused on her. Melinda pulled her clothes uncomfortably. It was getting warm. She wore a pinkish purple blouse, short legged pants, and her hair was tied into a ponytail. Some hair stood on her forehead, which made her look younger.
	Her movement looked delicate and cute, and Jonas felt as if they had been back to college.
	"Well, I have something else to do, so I'm leaving now." Taking another step back, Melinda suddenly felt her breath was more relaxed, and her mind was also clear. She remembered that she had something to do.
	All of a sudden, Jonas's friendly face darkened. He realized that he was the only one who Melinda avoided.
	"You don't want to see me, do you?"
	There was a hint of injury in Jonas's eyes, but his questioning tone was much lower. He carefully maintained his self-esteem that was only existing in Melinda.
	Melinda didn't know how to answer the question. She looked down at her toes. In fact, when she saw Jonas just now and when she heard his concern for her, she felt a strange feeling.
	But then she felt a lot of pressure. She thought that she would feel so uncomfortable unless she escaped from Jonas.
	As the sunlight fell on her body, Melinda didn't dare to look up. If it was before, Jonas would have definitely joked with her that she was scaring away the ants on the floor.
	"Linda, you don't want to see me, do you?"
	Jonas didn't give up. Melinda hesitated, debating whether to answer it or not. But the scene on that day, like a sharp blade, mercilessly pierced her heart.
	There was once a sincere heart in front of Jonas, but he didn't cherish it. Now her heart was badly hurt, and she couldn't show it to others. So she could only repair it herself in her own shell.
	But it could be repaired and damaged at the same time.
	From the expression on Melinda's face, it was clear that she was telling the answer. Being a self-absorbed person, Jonas was eager to know the answer. People who knew him well would be shocked to see him like this.
	That cold man now looked miserable.
	Jonas's query to Melinda echoed in her mind, and it was like a magic spell. She was very unhappy. It was clear that it was Jonas who did something wrong. Why did he ask her with a tone of doubt now?
	Melinda's little face gradually grew angry, and two cheeks began to swell up. At last, she clenched her fists, and her eyes were red.
	Melinda herself didn't know such a change.
	On the other hand, Jonas was frightened. He thought he had crossed the line and shouldn't be in such a hurry. When he was about to apologize, Melinda roared out loud. "Why are you accusing me like this? Jonas, I'm not a fool. Since you're with Emily, don't come to me and make me sick."
	"When did I be with her? You can't talk nonsense like that."
	It was the first time that Jonas had experienced so much grievance. It was totally a nonsense charge, and the point was that it had not been over for such a long time.
	"I was talking nonsense? The day I went to the hotel to see you, I saw Emily open the door in the bathrobe, and it was your bathrobe! We are all adults. Do I need to explain it?"
	Melinda's eyes were red with anger. At the thought of that scene, she felt it was a kind of torture.
	The more Jonas heard, the more strange he felt. Then he realized what was wrong. About the incident that day... Hearing this, Jonas could not help but feel a little angry. This was how much that Melinda trusted him.
	She hadn't spoken anything after such a long time. If he didn't ask her again and again today, she might misunderstand him for a lifetime.
	Jonas was so angry that his chest heaved. Seeing that Melinda's eyes were red and about to cry, Jonas realized that he should explain it now.
	"It was a mistake. Why didn't you ask me? I didn't even know you were there. Why did you do it like this all the time to sentence me to death when I didn't know anything?" Jonas was out of the topic and couldn't help but complain.
	His tone made Melinda unhappy. He was such a playboy. Did she need to hear his any explanation?
	"All right. Do you know why I left now? Can you stop bothering me from now on?"
	Melinda's eyes were wide open, but red like a rabbit's eyes. With a fierce tone, as if verified that even a rabbit would bite people when it was angry.
	Melinda was in a desperate situation and wanted to bite Jonas.
	"Nothing happened that day. It was..." Seeing that Melinda was going to be unreasonable, Jonas became anxious at once. But a person who was not good at explaining never came to the point.
	Melinda felt tired of herself, and also felt it boring.
	"I don't want to know what happened that day. Now I have something to do. Please leave. Otherwise, I will call the security," Melinda directly interrupted Jonas. She looked at her watch and found it was the time for the appointment. She didn't want to let anyone wait for her.
	The security guards wouldn't make things difficult for Jonas. If he had tried hard, the whole company could be his.
	Melinda ignored Jonas and went straight away. Her destination was not far away from the company, and it was nearby, so she didn't drive her car. There was a square in the opposite from the company, and she could get there by taking a detour.
	Looking at the disappearing figure of Melinda, Jonas's anxiety gradually dissipated. Since he knew where the problem was, he could solve it in time.
	The gentle breeze and tepid weather made people feel a little sleepy. Finally, Melinda found the restaurant after a round of turns.
	Located in a not very bustling place in the city, it had very good business. People who wanted to eat here usually had to order in advance.
	The usher at the door saw Melinda and welcomed her warmly.
	The restaurant's style was much like that of ancient inn. Most parts were wooden. There was even a little wooden scent in the restaurant, like the scent of a book.
	Though not very rich, it was very charming.
	Melinda said the room number while appreciating it. Then the waiter led her to the private room on the second floor. The door and windows were hollowed out, which were made of paper to protect privacy. The only flaw in this perfect design was the poor sound insulation effect.
	The hotel boss paid much attention to the guest service. The guests who could book the VIP room on the second floor were all the guests that the boss appreciated. Obviously, Kent was appreciated because of his literary aura. The waiters here were so elegant and made people comfortable when they talked.
	"It's a good place." Melinda pushed open the door of the room, looked at the man inside and said with a smile.
	"Is it making you want to recite a poem?"
	Seeing that Melinda came in, Kent moved away for her. She found that the ornaments here were also referred from the inns of the ancient times. Although they were not all real antique, there was fifty percent of them.
	"I prefer gossiping," Melinda said as she blinked. When they were in college, they often asked to write ancient poems, which was what Melinda was most afraid of.
	She was a little obsessive-compulsive, and when she saw many empty words written on the paper, she couldn't help but taunt it.
	Emily was always getting on well with her classmates. When she was at the class of the ancient literature, the other students would be hostile to her. The teacher was just a fogey and liked Melinda's personality.
	"Do you want to come to our periodical office and spread your skill of gossip?" Kent poured a cup of tea for Melinda, and passed the bamboo slip menu to her.
	At the sight of the menu, Melinda became interested. There were traditional Chinese characters on it. If there were illiteracies, they would be embarrassing.
	"Kent, you are really good at picking restaurant," Melinda said jokingly, and began to order. She knew the taste of Kent, and the food she ordered was also to match the taste of the two of them.
	"It's not easy for you to invite me to dinner," Kent said with a teasing smile as well. 
Chapter 177 A Free Meal
	"Then you must order more dishes today. I'm too stingy. I'm afraid that I may treat you to dinner next year." Melinda ordered a few dishes and passed the menu to Kent. She didn't mind being teased by him at all.
	The reason why she came to the dinner was to thank Kent. She had caused much trouble to him, and he had never complained to help.
	"Don't mention it,"
	Kent said, but he didn't order any more. He passed the menu to the waiter, and the waiter took out something like bamboo sticks canister, asking Melinda to shake it.
	"That's the rule of this restaurant. You can get one thing once you booked a room. What you can get today will depend on your luck," Kent explained to Melinda with a smile.
	"Why did you suddenly act so calm?" Melinda pulled out a stick and gave it to the waiter. The waiter took it from her, opened his eyes wide in shock, and then smiled.
	"You are so lucky, Miss. Here is a free ticket."
	For a moment, both of them froze for a moment. Then they laughed at the same time. Melinda felt that her luck was really good, and the waiter also said that no one would get this stick even once for a month.
	"It seems that it's really difficult for you to treat me a meal. Fortunately, my main purpose today is not for the meal," Kent said, shaking his head. His every act and action was similar to that of the noble son of an ancient family.
	Melinda thought that this was the aura of the literature.
	"What are we doing here if we are not for eating? To experience the richness of traditional culture?" Melinda joked. She could only be so relaxed when staying with Kent.
	"Emily will come to apologize to you later." After drinking tea, Kent said it in a profound way. Melinda felt it was inconceivable that arrogant Emily would make an apology to her. What on earth did Kent do?
	"Kent, how did you do that?"
	"You don't need to know that. Just wait for her to apologize." As Kent said, Melinda didn't ask him anymore. She trusted him very much.
	"You are an extraordinary man, Kent. Let me propose a toast with tea to you." Melinda even covered her cup with her sleeve like the ancient people would do, which amused Kent.
	Melinda's gratitude was sincere and sincere. Kent clinked his cup of tea with hers and then they drank it up.
	"The way you drank tea reminded me of the time when you were playing Flying Flowers(a game that people recite poems with flowers' names in turn) with your classmates at school." Kent put down the glass. Seeing how mature Melinda was now, he could not help but sigh.
	At that time, Melinda was really naive and childish. She would offend people sometimes since she was upright, but she was popular most of the time, which made her two extremes.
	Flying Flower was a small activity held in her major. When Melinda was pushed out by one of her classmates to be a competitor, she had been so anxious that she had made up a poem. When others asked her where the poem was from, she still made it up. However, in the end, someone said that he was going to search the information on Internet, and Melinda had forgotten the poem she had made up.
	It was Melinda's embarrassing past. Now that Kent mentioned it, she felt embarrassed. She recalled it and asked, "Was you there at that time?"
	"My roommates told me that as soon as they got back to the dormitory, they said that the new junior is very interesting," said Kent. At that time, he had a bit of curiosity about Melinda. He paid more attention to her and fell in love with her.
	However, all feelings would change.
	"It turns out that I become famous after only one fight," Melinda said with a smile. She was well protected by her family. Before going to college, she used to be a naughty girl. But when she met Jonas, she only set her mind on him. She was frustrated and more courageous.
	Since Melinda met Jonas, she had learned how to be sentimental, thick skinned, and forbearing. She always believed that it was after she met Jonas that she knew this world.
	What her roommates in college said most was that with her talent and beauty, it was not hard for her to find a good man. But why was she only interested in Jonas who was wearing a poker face all the time?
	Melinda always answered shamelessly. With her charm, why couldn't she find a charming and outstanding man?
	But only she knew how self-abasement and sensitive her seemingly dauntless heart was. She knew better than anyone else that she didn't deserve Jonas.
	"All the posts in our university forum at that time had your name on them."
	What Kent said was true. Melinda just laughed to hide her embarrassment. Everybody in the university knew that she was a high spirited and vigorous person, but she still made some people sigh for her in the end.
	They talked about what had happened in the university. For most of the time, Melinda was feeling embarrassed. Until now, she finally realized how embarrassed she had been.
	The dishes were served on the table one by one, but Emily did not appear. In the chatting and laughing, Kent's face had pulled a long face.
	"Kent, is it because I've ordered too little that you're not happy? If I had known I'm so lucky today, I would have ordered a lot of dishes."
	"Linda, I'm going to make a call."
	Kent knew that Melinda was just joking, but he couldn't put on a smile. He didn't expect that Emily would break the promise under his stern warning.
	"No need, Kent," Melinda said and smiled as she stopped Kent, who was about to go out and make a phone call.
	"I felt more comfortable that she didn't come. I don't want my good luck to be tainted by her. I will be thankful as long as Emily no longer sends someone to track me. As for other things, I don't care. I don't want her to apologize if she is not sincere,"
	Melinda said earnestly, trying to comfort Kent.
	Melinda really didn't care whether Emily apologized. Moreover, she thought it was a daydream to ask Emily to apologize before. Now that Emily was not here, she was more than relieved.
	"All dishes are served. Let's eat." Melinda pretended that it was hard for her to start eating if Kent did not agree. Being helpless, Kent picked up the chopsticks and picked up some food. Letting out a sigh of relief, Melinda started eating.
	Although nothing happened that day, they always felt that it was time for dinner when they arrived at the restaurant.
	However, Emily, who made them wait for her, was at home. She looked at her clothes carelessly and her assistant was by her side, who was so anxious that she sweated a lot.
	"Miss Bai, you have made an appointment with Mr. Jiang to apologize to Melinda today. Now, you are already late. Let's hurry up."
	The assistant was sent by Emily's agent, Sher An to take care of Emily, and she really disliked Emily.
	"I've told you so many times. I won't go. You're as annoying as a fly. Do you believe that I'll fire you?" Emily said impatiently and frowned slightly, while some light wrinkles appeared at the corners of her eyes.
	Seeing the wrinkles on the phone screen, Emily became more irritated. She took a deep breath to control her anger.
	"Sher has told me to let you go there today. You look gorgeous today. It won't deserve it if you don't go out." The assistant was smart and glib.
	She gave Emily pressure with Sher, but also praised Emily.
	However, Emily checked the language by her own system, so she completely ignored the first sentence and heard everything later.
	"You're right. Many new shops in the shopping mall are on sale recently. I'm going there to have a look."
	After saying that, Emily went to the cloakroom to find a bag and match the shoes. It seemed that she was really going to shopping, and her assistant was as anxious as ants on a hot pan.
	"Miss Bai, if you don't apologize to Melinda, Kent won't let you go. You might even be in jail!" the assistant said earnestly, but Emily chose to ignore her.
	She trembled with fear when she heard the word "jail", but then she said stubbornly, "I am a famous star. I will never lower my head to apologize to a nobody like Melinda. It's impossible for me to do it in my lifetime."
	Emily was proud, arrogant and supercilious, because she was lucky to have met Jonas when she was young and had developed intimacy with him, and went well in the entertainment circle for many years.
	But the consequence was that she was not afraid of anything now.
	"But all the reporters have been watching you. If you don't apologize to them, they won't let you go." The assistant didn't give up, and she finally understood why Sher didn't want to talk to Emily.
	It seemed that Emily was a clever woman, but she should have a short memory.
	She only played some dirty tricks to bully the honest. It was said that it was not easy to be the assistant of a star. She had dealt with many stars, but it was the first time to see someone like Emily.
	It was an insult to the word "pure" when Emily said she was a pure actress.
	For a moment, the assistant wondered how Emily got to this position.
	"Who on earth are you with? You work for me, or for the bitch Melinda? How about I write you a recommendation letter? You can work as Melinda's assistant." Emily really disliked this assistant so much that she kept saying that she should make an apology to that bitch.
	"I didn't mean that."
	The assistant felt wronged by Emily's words. She thought she said that for Emily's good. Emily's position in the entertainment circle was very dangerous now. If she still did not restrain herself, there would never be good results.
	She had followed several stars before, but they were banished by the company in this way.
	"So please stop nagging in front of me. I beg you. Please go now," Emily said. With that, she got ready to go.
	The assistant stood firm and stopped Emily with her arms open. "You have to apologize to Melinda today, or you can just stay at home."
	Emily stared at her, but the assistant was not afraid. There were many paparazzi squatting outside. If they knew that Emily did not apologize and still wanted to go shopping, she didn't know what the news would be about the next day. 
Chapter 178 Losing Trust
	"Get out of my way. I will not let them think I am guilty by staying at home. If you continue stopping me, I will make you hard to survive in A City."
	Emily's anger rose to a peak. She was so adept at using the idiom, and she even had more thoughts than others.
	But it also showed her guilty conscience.
	Cold sweat ran down from the assistant's forehead, and she was struggling in her heart. Sher had repeatedly exhorted her that if she hadn't let Emily to apologize to Melinda, she would only have such achievements as an assistant.
	However, Emily's threat was also frightening. She had been with Emily for not a long time, but heard a lot about her. She knew that Emily was very capable of finding people to protect herself.
	The one who had decision making ability in the company must also have a high position in A City. The assistant took these elements into consideration. She felt like that she involved in the fight and would suffer.
	"Get out of my way!"
	Seeing the assistant's reaction, Emily was very proud. Her posture was more arrogant than just now, like a peacock showing its tail.
	"I... Let me ask Sher."
	The assistant hesitated for a while and took out her phone. Emily looked at her with a serious look in her eyes. She could tell that there was something wrong with Emily's expression, but the assistant didn't care at all.
	"Clap." A crisp sound rang out. The assistant's phone instantly fell on the smooth tile floor, and a deep reflection reflected. At the same time, the door was quickly opened. The assistant's eyes were red as she looked at the person, as if she had seen her savior.
	"Miss An,"
	the assistant choked with sobs. Looking at the broken phone screen on the ground, she got angry. As an assistant, she had a habit of tolerating, but Emily's arrogance made her sick.
	"You can go back to have a rest now," Sher said lightly as she glanced at her assistant. She was a golden agent of the company, with a lot of celebrities around her and the dignified aura around her, Emily would restrain herself in front of her.
	The assistant picked up the phone and quickly left Emily's apartment. Not surprisingly, there were many reporters lurking nearby and they were excited to see someone go out.
	After a while, they carried their cameras and turned to her. When they found it was just an assistant, everyone looked disappointed.
	The assistant had an urge to expose all Emily's personal behavior, but she finally restrained it.
	This circle was very realistic. If her behavior was known by others, no one would dare to hire her. She was not ready to sacrifice her career.
	At the same time, in the restaurant, the dining of Melinda and Kent was almost finished. Both of them put down their chopsticks. A waiter brought them a fruit plate, which was filled with seasonal fruits. The dish was carefully designed and was in a unique style.
	"You have been keeping an eye on this fruit. What? Do you see flowers in it?" Melinda was shaking her fork, but did not have a clear goal. She stared at the plate for a moment, and Kent could not help teasing her.
	"It's really like a flower."
	Melinda pointed to the fruit excitedly. Kent followed where she pointed and saw a flower shape. But it was all done by Melinda.
	The woman sitting opposite seemed to be comforted with a faint smile.
	Emily did not show up late, which affected the mood of Kent to some extent, and he did not eat much during the meal.
	"Linda, Emily owe you an apology. She didn't come today. I have a way to make her come to ask for your forgiveness."
	Kent was very angry, and he was even more angry with Emily' attitude. It seemed that all the warning that day had been forgotten. Thinking of this, Kent couldn't help but put on a dangerous look.
	He had always been a gentle and caring man. His amiable manner and gentle manner made many people feel comfortable with him, but he was also full of coldness and fierceness to protect others.
	"No need, as long as she doesn't cause me any trouble. We can just let it go. Well, have some fruit."
	While saying, Melinda pushed the fruit in front of her forward. Immediately, the sharpness on Kent's face disappeared. He looked at Melinda who had a wide heart.
	"Are you sure that you don't need her to apologize?" The more Kent thought about it, the more aggrieved he felt Melinda was. He hoped that Melinda could change her mind. Anyway, he didn't want Emily to be complacent.
	What she did today was a provocation.
	"Well, she doesn't have to apologize." Melinda nodded affirmatively and changed to another topic. She told Kent something else. The two people had a good meal, especially Melinda, with the free ticket in her hand, her smile was much brighter than flowers around.
	After going out of the restaurant, the two said goodbye to each other and left. Kent saw Melinda off. Seeing that she was really not affected by Emily, he felt a little complicated, and then he was relieved that Melinda had always been like this.
	For many times, Kent hoped that she could be more selfish to herself.
	In this world, forgiveness to others was to a great extent to trouble oneself.
	Emily stayed in the apartment for a day because of Sher, and the two of them were in a stalemate. The latter even contacted the police to get the news as soon as possible when Kent took actions.
	"Don't be so nervous, Sher. It's just a bluff," said Emily.
	Emily was eating fruits leisurely with her legs crossed. Sher gave her an angry stare and didn't say anything. What was done was up to Kent how to deal with it.
	To Sher's surprise, instead of waiting for the call from the police or a lawyer, Kent's assistant told her that Melinda had already forgiven Emily and that was the end of the matter. But if Emily still did not make it easy for Melinda, Kent would not let her go.
	As for the accident this time, Kent would keep all the evidences.
	"Look, there's nothing at all, but you guys keep worrying about me. Now I can go out, right?" Emily was very proud, and she felt that Melinda did not dare to provoke her at all.
	Sher breathed a sigh of relief. Although she had just taken over Emily, it would also have an impact on her if there was any scandal about Emily.
	"Behave yourself!" Sher warned him. But she was not as strong as before. After a while, Emily was back to normal and became as glamorous as before.
	Emily stood in front of the fitting mirror for a long time. Finally, she still felt unsatisfied. She changed to a plain suit. With her hair hanging down, she looked a little more soft and beautiful.
	There were a lot of journalists waiting outside, but Emily's escaping technique was as good as a ghost.
	In Soaring Group, it was almost time to go off work, and the flow of people in and out was reduced. The receptionist at the front desk seemed to be greeting some important guests. When they were not looking at the entrance, Emily took the elevator directly to the CEO office.
	Even at this time, the staff in the CEO office were still very busy. No one had noticed the arrival of Emily. When William saw her, his face turned pale.
	Mr. Jonas was in a bad mood today. Who let this woman in?
	"William, is Jonas in his office now?" Emily greeted him warmly as if they were old friends.
	Emily greeted him politely and walked quickly to the office of Jonas.
	William wanted to stop her, but it was too late.
	"Jonas,"
	Emily said in an aggrieved voice before she entered. Hearing the voice, Jonas frowned. Emily had opened the door and walked in directly, and she was about to cry, which matched her image now.
	"What are you doing here?"
	Yet her grievance was too pathetic for any care from Jonas. He just looked up at her, lowered his head and did not move any more.
	Emily was stunned. She twitched her mouth and tried to find her voice after a long while. "Jonas, Melinda forced me to apologize to her. Otherwise, she might tell the public what I have done.
	Jonas, I..." She didn't say "feel wronged", but she showed it with her best acting skill.
	"I'm very curious. Is there anything that has been exposed by Linda? Are you worth it?"
	There was no emotion in Jonas's eyes, and there was even a trace of frightening coldness. Looking at him, Emily could not help but shiver. She stuttered and could not speak for a long time.
	"William," Jonas shouted to the door, ignoring Emily. William could tell from his voice that he was in bad situation today.
	"Boss." William wished he could vanish into thin air, and when he saw Emily's pretentious pitiful look, he really felt sick.
	"Don't let any negligible person in! Ask the security guard to drive her away!" Jonas said in a low and powerful voice, knocking on the heart of Emily.
	She could hardly believe what she had heard, but what she had heard was true. Her purpose today was to discredit Melinda, but it seemed something was wrong.
	The security department received a call from the CEO office and asked them to make someone leave. The people in security department were almost as fast as soldiers. Before Emily came to herself, she was driven out of the company by several guards.
	William urged them again and again not to let Emily go upstairs again. Otherwise, they would all be screwed.
	But he was also puzzled by the change of Jonas's attitude. He didn't know that when Jonas knew what had happened in the hotel, he was disgusted with Emily.
	Furthermore, he had no trust in Emily, so it was unnecessary for him to listen to Emily's words. Furthermore, this matter had been solved by Jonas in real time. He learned that it was a lie as soon as Emily spoke.
	The news that Emily was kicked out of the Soaring Group by the guards was posted online. For a moment, Emily was on the hot topic again, but the recent hot topics were basically negative news. For this, her agent worked so hard to solve this, but her movements were like rain drops falling into water, having no result. 
Chapter 179 Swallow Up The Pride
	The scandal which was spreading quickly went viral on the Internet. Although Emily enjoyed high popularity in Weibo, everyone could see that she was not in a good position in the entertainment circle.
	Sher didn't give up Emily easily. She used all her resources and means, but the result was still not as expected.
	All the contracts were cancelled for the same reason that they did not think Emily's image did not conform to their company.
	Emily Bai, who was famous for a while, also lost her luster when she lost Jonas's protection. And her development became worse and worse in the entertainment circle.
	There were many discussions about her in private, no matter among the famous stars or new comers.
	In a black styled room, a woman in bright colored clothes, immersed in a strange mix with the room. With a smile at the corners of her mouth, Holley stared at the news on the screen.
	With the disappearance of heat, Emily had also lost the public sight. Most of the time, people just sneered at Emily. Now, Emily was no different from her.
	It was because of the same woman that they became in this way. The smile at the corners of Holley's mouth suddenly turned fierce, as if she had a deep hatred.
	"Emily, I have been waiting for this day for a long time," Holley murmured as she looked at Emily's picture in her phone. She had been looking forward to this day since she had first become like this.
	Emily grew up together with Jonas, but eventually she was also defeated by Melinda.
	Now Holley was not as famous as she used to be. She managed to stay in the entertainment circle. As she hadn't gone out for a long time, she was used to the dark atmosphere. When she saw the light outside the room suddenly, she could not help but feel excited.
	Although Emily fell down, Emily's home was still the same apartment. When Holley approached the community, she could not help but cover her face with a hat.
	She used to have an apartment of her own in such a wealthy neighborhood.
	Emily had not received work for a few days. She had been staying at home all the time. She was a bit slovenly, different from what she used to be delicate.
	She was wearing a big T-shirt, a loose casual pants, her hair tied up, and she leaned on the sofa to watch the television drama. The sound of the doorbell was too loud for her to react.
	She had been in a small social circle before, and now she was in such a situation. How her so-called friends wished that they could have nothing to do with her. That was why no one came to her home to look for her. And her agent and assistant all had the key to her home.
	Countless thoughts flashed through Emily's mind in such a short time, but she finally walked to the door.
	Seeing a woman with a bucket hat outside the door through the cat's eye, Emily didn't recognize her at first until the woman raised her head with a kind of scaring smile. It was not until then that Emily remembered that this was the model who had hooked up with Jonas.
	Suspicious as she was, Emily opened the door. When Holley saw Emily, a sweet smile appeared on her face. She never expected that she herself, who always kept a poker face, would look so intimidating right now.
	Even though Emily was a brave woman, she was still shocked by her smile.
	"What do you want from me? I remember that we are not familiar with each other,"
	Emily said to Holley in a contemptuous tone, crossing her arms and leaning against the door frame.
	"In fact, I am quite familiar with you, Miss Bai," Holley said calmly. She did not mind Emily's attitude at all.
	However, Emily misunderstood her words. She thought that Holly was so familiar with her because of her fame, which made her feel a little proud for a while.
	"If that's why you come to me today, then I think you can go now." Emily pointed to the door with her finger, hinting Holley to leave.
	It was pathetic. Emily was not afraid of being photographed by reporters now, but no one came to guard. Otherwise, the current scene would definitely make those people excited.
	"Miss Bai, we have the same enemy and goal, don't we?"
	Holley's smile was bloodthirsty, like a vampire who showed her fangs at any time.
	"We? Please don't put me and you in the same position, okay?"
	Emily sneered. She was a first class star, but Holley was just an eighteenth class model.
	How could two people be equal in status?
	Emily's arrogance didn't annoy Holley at all. On the contrary, she was a little excited, as if she found something interesting.
	Now, Holley had learned a lot. Looking at Emily's face, she thought that there were plenty of useful things in her.
	Emily did not know that she had already been measured by others.
	"I know I can't do anything with my identity, so I come to you for cooperation. Sometimes, the enemy of your enemy is a friend, isn't it? Why don't you treat me as a temporary friend, Miss Bai? Let's work together to deal with Melinda,"
	Holley said as she tried to cheer Emily up. She had prepared these words for a long time.
	As expected, Emily now was willing to consider this once arrogant and now obedient woman.
	"I don't think you can do anything." Emily was still disdainful, and the smile on her face made Holley sneer in her heart, but she kept a straight face.
	"I have a secret document in my hand, and as long as it's shown, it's absolutely capable of killing Melinda for thousands of times. It's just I don't have the right time to publish it. So, do you want to cooperate with me?"
	Holley coaxed her. Obviously, she could feel Emily's excitement and her resentment towards Melinda.
	Emily was absolutely full of hatred for Melinda. Perhaps Melinda didn't mess with her, but the relationship between she and Jonas was the biggest offense to her.
	Not the arrogance and casualness in Emily's eyes anymore, but the gloom in her eyes was showed. The smile at the corners of her mouth was more like the one of Holley.
	"Secret document?" Emily muttered to herself. Thinking that the document that Holley said could let Melinda have a hard time, she was very excited with the surge of hatred. She did not pursue true or false for a time. She directly stepped aside and let Holley in.
	The assistant happened to come back from buying a lot of things and saw her standing outside. Curious as she was, she did not dare to ask.
	"Go get Miss Huang a cup of tea and wash some fruits." Emily turned around and ordered her assistant to do these things. When Holley looked around this place, she could not help but admire Emily.
	She should have had all this, but it was Melinda who ruined everything.
	Soon after, the assistant put the food on the table obediently.
	"I don't know what you like to eat. If there is anything you dislike or avoid, just tell my assistant."
	Emily now regarded Holley as her own person, which made her rational to almost announce bankruptcy.
	The assistant felt strange as she saw Emily and Holley getting along with each other, but she didn't ask anything. Since Emily asked, she would just serve Holley well.
	There was no difference between Emily's attitudes before and after. On the one hand, she was nice to Holley; on the other hand, she was trying to take care of Holley by taking advantage of her less social connections. At last, she made the decision to let her assistant take care of Holley.
	Since Kent helped Melinda get rid of the trouble caused by Emily, the company also issued an order that no one would work overtime, which made her feel that life was always happy.
	Yet there was one imperfection of it, and that was the man who appeared in their company as long as he was free. The girls in the company became more and more enthusiastic with Jonas.
	As time passed, Melinda knew what he was thinking about and she had heard a lot of secret discussions from those people.
	"Linda, you friend came again."
	When it was time to get off work, the colleague craned her neck to look out of the window. Not surprisingly, she saw the car parked there. Although it was in low-key black, people who knew cars all could tell the value of it.
	"I'm not familiar with him."
	This was the same sentence again, but Melinda's mood was different every day. She tidied up the desktop, and turned on her mobile phone habitually, only to find new wechat messages, which were sent by Jonas.
	"A business partner recommended a nice hot spring. Are you coming with me?"
	That question mark was not in accordance with Jonas's character at all. Melinda wondered if the message was typed by the poor William.
	Since then, Jonas had become smarter. He had different excuses to meet Melinda every day. Sometimes, she could avoid him, but sometimes she couldn't.
	And most of the time, there was Nelson or Queena.
	When Melinda went downstairs, she saw that Jonas was waiting for her at the door of his car. He was tall and handsome, and everything he did was like a big movie. His charm had always been unquestionable.
	At the sight of Melinda, Jonas's eyes lit up, and then strode to her. Neither of them said anything.
	"Grandpa misses you." Jonas wanted to tell her about the hot spring, but the topic fell on the tip of his tongue, and it turned into that Nelson missed Melinda.
	Although it was true, the meaning was totally different. Jonas was a little childish and frowned.
	"Say hello to Grandpa for me," Melinda answered after she hesitated for a while. Then she looked at Jonas with her big eyes, as if she was asking, "Anything else?"
	"Tomorrow is Saturday. Are you free?"
	Jonas remembered what Nelson had said. If he wanted to win his wife back, the first thing he would do was to swallow up his pride. Dignity was not something he could use to get someone.
	He started to be bold, inviting her in an obvious, obscure way.
	However, Melinda refused again decisively, though this time it took a few seconds more than last time. 
Chapter 180 Same Draft
	Now, Jonas had the bravery that Melinda had when she chased him in the past. Even if he was rejected again and again, he would not give up.
	In Queena's words, the heart of Jonas to chase Melinda could be seen by heaven and earth.
	All mothers knew their children well. Seeing that Jonas hadn't made any progress yet, Queena frowned all day long. She felt bad when Jonas got home and hid in the villa where he lived with Melinda.
	It was getting warm, Melinda wore a light yellow dress with her hair up, showing her elegant neck, and carrying a small square bag on her back, as if she were ten years younger. Queena saw her from a distance, waving at her gently.
	"Hi, Aunt Yao."
	With a smile on the corner of her mouth, Melinda looked at the elegant lady in front of her. Her hair was still arranged into a knot, and she wore a suit of jade jewelry, which made her even more dignified.
	"I'm sorry. Something came up. I'm late." Melinda felt embarrassed that she made the elder wait for her. Placing her hand on her square bag, she was at a loss.
	Of course, Queena wouldn't bother about it. She comforted her, "I know you are busy, and I still want to see you. It's mommy who is not considerate of you. But I miss you so much after not seeing you for a long time. Linda, will you blame me for that?"
	"No, of course not." Melinda shook her head in a hurry. She hadn't noticed that Queena just said she was her mommy.
	Queena ordered a lot of desserts, sweet but not too sweet, served with the tea here and enjoyed them very much. Recently, Melinda was busy with the work of the conference, and she didn't eat anything in the noon, so she ate a lot.
	"Linda, are you still blaming Jonas?" Queena had tried several times to talk with Melinda, but she always changed the topic in a calm manner. At this time, Queena had no choice but to speak out her purpose in her heart.
	Hearing that, Melinda stopped eating. She simply put the food back on the small plate, took a sip of tea and moistened her throat before saying, "Aunt Yao, I'm very good now, and I don't have so much time to think about what happened before."
	In fact, she didn't know if she still blamed Jonas. She just felt that she was good now. But she didn't ignore it that every time she saw Jonas, she would be tempted in a slight way.
	As time went by, she didn't know how to face Jonas. Therefore, the last thing she wanted to do was to escape.
	"Jonas is not good at expressing his feelings. Actually, he has been using the way of torturing himself to regret. Linda, I feel bad when seeing him like that." Queena's depressed emotion was revealed in front of Melinda.
	"He was not convinced by what happened in the past, so he tried to prove it to us in such an awkward way. He even ignored the fact that he had already fallen in love with you. This time, if it were not for his help, Kent wouldn't have dealt with it in such a short time, but he didn't say anything.
	He used to be an arrogant man. Now he knew how to do things in silence. What's more..." Queena spoke out a lot of things in her heart. There were so many things that Jonas couldn't speak out, but she told them to Melinda as usual.
	"Linda, will you blame mommy for that?" Queena paid attention to her expression. She had been there before, so she knew a lot of things. Obviously, Melinda was moved by these words.
	"Aunt Yao, he and I have divorced."
	It was not until now that Melinda noticed Queena regard herself as her mommy. Melinda said sheepishly, but what Queena said about Jonas was still in her mind. She murmured Jonas's name in her heart, which made her softer miraculously.
	"It's the same." Queena smiled in a gentle manner, leaving a trace of embarrassment on Melinda's face. She couldn't argue this with Queena.
	Queena knew Melinda's temper, so she said goodbye when it's time.
	After watching Queena leave, Melinda also quickly returned to the company. It was a writers conference in two days, which was very important to her.
	In the busy work, the writers conference was going to be held. Obviously, the company paid much attention to this conference, which was arranged in the best five-star hotel in A City, and the host was also one of the best in the industry.
	The atmosphere had reached a climax when Melinda entered the hall, and the humored words made her relaxed unconsciously.
	"Mellie." The voice of Kent came through. Hearing that, Melinda looked to the direction where the sound came from. Kent wore a wine red suit today, who looked very different from his usual image.
	Melinda looked at him curiously and made Kent a little embarrassed.
	"Very handsome," Melinda said with a smile. "The stylist has a unique taste," added Kent.
	Actually, Kent meant the suit was weird. Fortunately, Kent fitted in this suit.
	On the contrary, the stylist had selected a tawny color long dress for Melinda, set off her fair skin, and the camellia design on the dress had a hint of classical charm.
	The clamorous hall was soon crowded with the celebrities in literature field. Most of them had only be heard about the names from the Internet by Melinda.
	"Mellie." While listening to the speech made by the writer, Kent looked a little confused. Melinda didn't notice that but looked at him with her bright eyes, as if she was asking why he suddenly called her name.
	"Where is your speech?"
	"It's already handed in. Aren't you gonna review it?" For the presentation in the writers conference, the writers should write the speeches by themselves and handed them over for review. When the presentation was ready, they could get the draft.
	After that, Melinda wore a long face. It was normal that some writers' speeches were a little similar, but the situation that the whole speech was all the same had never happened before.
	Before that, Melinda had made the speech. Obviously, many people around also noticed this. The chatter spread, and they even covered the voice of the writer who was doing the presentation.
	"I'm sorry. Even though I know this is the same draft, I still read it out. To be honest, I've been preparing it for a long time. I can't give it up now. This is the most respected way for the conference."
	The statement of Sandy Zhang was creative. She told everyone that she was the owner of this draft and criticized Melinda for disgracing the presentation that she even copied someone else's draft.
	Melinda hadn't gotten popular until this year, but this Sandy had been in this circle for many years. She was aggressive and Melinda hadn't got any chance to explain for herself.
	"I really don't know how this person came to the conference. Did the sponsor send the invitation by mistake?" a writer looked at Melinda with contempt and said without hesitation.
	There were high requirements for the conference. In addition to the capacity, it also needed to be approved by the company.
	"She even copied the draft. She must have pieced together her articles," someone else echoed, which was even more vicious. He denied everything that Melinda had.
	"Pieced together", a very meaningful word, was taunting Melinda, who was a plagiarist of many people's works.
	"Who knows?"
	The conference was going on, but Melinda felt very uncomfortable. When those people passed her, they would even roll their eyes at her. It was as if it was very disgraceful to stand beside her.
	Melinda didn't know how she held on to go back home until the meeting was over. She just felt her head was in a mess and it was buzzing because of the criticism of those people.
	She didn't know what went wrong, but she was sure that the draft was written by herself and she had prepared it with all her heart. Why it ended up like this?
	This matter quickly spread in the literary circle. In one night, everyone seemed to know that the drafts of Melinda and Sandy were identical.
	Moreover, it was said that Sandy was angry with Melinda since she was the plagiarist.
	The next day, Melinda came to the company with heavy dark circles, only to find that her colleagues, in twos and threes, quickly avoided her.
	All of a sudden, she became a plague in the company, and everyone avoided her.
	When she returned to the office, her former enthusiastic colleagues disappeared. Everyone looked at her with a skeptical look.
	"Ah, how did she get the nerve to go to work today?"
	"Who knows? But I heard that the company began to inspect her previous draft. They are worried about the same thing will happen again as yesterday. I don't know who she copied."
	"Is it so serious? Don't ruin the image of the whole company because of this shit."
	They said the details in a sure way. Sitting on her chair, Melinda opened the computer as usual. The computer was mostly encrypted with all kinds of documents.
	She opened a piece of blank paper, but she didn't put her fingers on the keyboard. Melinda looked down at her hands and found that they were shaking at this time.
	"She is just a woman who only knows how to please the superior. She is shameless, how could she be calm to sit there? I really feel sorry for those who are really capable of literary ability."
	This person always didn't get along well with Melinda. Now that Melinda was in trouble, she was the happiest one.
	Just because of this, the company was as noisy as a market. Melinda, like an outsider, saw all this. For a moment, she could not figure out what it felt like.
	The message box at the lower right corner was flashing. Melinda clicked it and found that it was from Victor.
	"Don't take it to heart. I believe you."
	Victor believed that he was the most qualified one to tell Melinda's competence. Though it was just a few words, it relieved Melinda's heavy heart a lot.
	Dozens of people's doubts might be able to crush a person, but as long as there was a person's trust, it could help one regain confidence.
	Right, she achieved her current status on her own. Those people were just jealous of her excellence, so they slandered her.
	Melinda kept telling herself something like that. Only by doing so could she restrain her indignation in her heart. 
Chapter 181 Being Utterly Discredited
	Without replying to Victor's message, Melinda did her job conscientiously as usual, but she paid more attention to the management of documents.
	She also needed to know why the draft was the same.
	There was an unscheduled meeting in the afternoon of the department, and it was Victor who was in charge. Everyone knew that the temporary meeting was held because of Melinda. As for the reason, it was hard to figure out.
	Melinda was the latest one to walk into the meeting room. There were still three minutes before the meeting time. Victor sat at the head of the conference table and looked at the crowd. Melinda lowered her head with a disheveled look.
	Three minutes later, the meeting began. Victor stated the opening remarks as usual. Melinda took a signature pen and scribbled on the paper.
	"I believe that many people have heard the rumor recently, but I believe in Melinda. As her colleague, I also hope that everyone can give her trust. In addition, if I find that someone is discussing something related to the company during work time, I will just fire him or her!"
	His tone was as gentle as the peacemaker in the front, but his following words sounded serious.
	Victor's attitude remained the same as before to see if anyone dared to challenge him.
	Melinda was also shocked to see that the man who had just said serious words now smile to her gently.
	After a while, the meeting had come to an end and there was no need for the meeting to go on. Victor directly asked his assistant to dismiss the meeting. After he left, the meeting room was in an uproar.
	But all of them were talking wildly on wechat.
	After packing her personal belongings, Melinda looked down at the A4 paper on the table. She didn't know when, a person's name was wrote on the paper.
	She crumpled the paper into a ball and threw it into the trash can in a guilty conscience. Then Melinda became the third person to walk out of the meeting room after Victor and his assistant.
	"I've long felt that something must have happened between them. Now it seems to be true, otherwise, Mr. Cheng would not still defend her like this at this time. Doesn't he worry that his behavior will break the hearts of other employees?"
	one of the employees said angrily, while the others echoed her words, firmly believing that the relationship between Melinda and Victor was shameful.
	However, they all ignored one thing that Melinda was also in this group, where there were a lot of worse comments than before.
	Looking at the messages in the wechat group, Melinda gave a weird smile.
	After thinking for a while, Melinda came to the end of the corridor, where there was an office that had occupied half of the floor, which was Victor's office.
	The door was opened, and Melinda walked in, only to see several assistants busy with their work. They had the same attitude as before, and they were still the same.
	"Mel, are you here for Mr. Cheng? Let me help you tell him."
	While saying, the secretary dialed a number. As soon as the door was opened, Melinda walked into the office. Immediately, she saw Victor still sitting on the sofa, on which there were a lot of food.
	Melinda was not like his subordinate, but a friend.
	"Mr. Cheng."
	Melinda didn't sit down on the sofa. She just stood at 1.5 meters away from the sofa and said politely. Obviously, Victor was a little unhappy with her attitude, but he didn't say anything more. He pointed to the seat beside him and said, "Have a seat."
	"No, I just want to say something," Melinda refused with a smile, her bright eyes full of alienation.
	"Thank you for your trust, Mr. Cheng," Melinda said as she took a slight bow. She was grateful to Victor for his trust and protection, but it didn't mean that she was unwilling to accept his kind offer.
	Raising his eyebrows, Victor looked at her, wondering what she was going to do. He wasn't stupid enough to think that Melinda came here for this.
	"I just thanked you as a friend. Now as a subordinate, I don't think Mr. Cheng should do this for me." Melinda seemed to be smiling, but the smile did not reach her eyes.
	Her tone was still neither hasty nor slow, as if the person sitting opposite to her was only an old friend. They were not discussing something important, but ordinary greetings.
	"Mr. Cheng, you are the superior of our company. Your choice depends on your mood, but have you ever thought that it will only make things worse, and... It will have an opposite result."
	Instantly, Melinda became harsh and her tone was with a touch of seriousness. She had no qualms of guilt, but such an announcement made by Victor made those people more righteous to criticize her, And this behavior would make people felt that she was guilty.
	"Who the hell dare continue to discuss this thing? I'll fire him immediately. I am not joking." All of a sudden, Victor stood up and clapped his hands against the coffee table, making a loud noise. The staff outside looked at each other, confused.
	Mr. Cheng hadn't lost his temper for a long time. What did Melinda do to make him so angry?
	Melinda was also shocked by his anger, but she reacted quickly and said, "I'm just talking about it. Mr. Cheng, you have to think about it from different angles. I remember that you always say that."
	Victor was so angry that Melinda's pacifying words and her formulaic smile on her face made him uncomfortable.
	He did all these for the woman in front of him, but she refused him.
	"Who is talking behind my back?" He looked at Melinda with a judge's eyes, as if he would not give up until he found a name from her mouth.
	"No one."
	Of course, Melinda had no doubt that Victor would really do that. She just didn't want to make the situation worse so that she came to find him.
	The thing went on. Melinda felt hard to explain it. After pondering for a while, she left in silence.
	Several assistants who were gossiping outside the door which was suddenly opened. They were all embarrassed, but Melinda left indifferently.
	Melinda's mood was somewhat affected by the rumor. She was unable to deal with the blank papers all day long.
	Although this matter was only wildly spread in the literary circle, it still had a big impact on the Internet for everyone to gossip with their relatives and friends.
	As soon as Emily knew about this, she immediately found out Sandy.
	Sandy was very popular with the literary circle. After this matter, she had got a lot of fans. She felt very pleased for a while.
	Sandy looked inconspicuous in the street. She wore a pair of black framed glasses and thick bangs, with her hair scattered on both sides, blocking most of her face.
	She was a little chubby. The loose overcoat covered her lack of confidence in herself.
	The way she dressed showed the huge difference between her and Emily in front of her.
	Emily was dressed in a white suit together with a beige coat. Her curly hair was smoothed meticulously and her delicate makeup made Sandy look a little ashamed.
	The woman in front of her was so beautiful that people would feel ashamed of themselves. She could not help but lift her hair to cover up her embarrassment.
	"Hello," Emily said with a gentle smile, but in her heart, she looked down upon Sandy.
	"Hello." Sandy didn't expect that Emily would be so kind and nice to her. She was flattered and stretched out her hand hesitantly, feeling that everything was not real.
	It felt like when she got an invitation from Emily on the phone.
	"Don't be nervous. I just want to have a talk with you. You know Melinda, right?" Emily giggled, and then said to Sandy, without missing the disgust and jealousy in her eyes.
	Sandy's style of literary work was similar to that of Melinda. Therefore, they often be compared by others. It had been many years before Sandy finally got her current position. Now that Melinda's status was as high as hers just in one year, she was more annoyed.
	What was more, recently, she had a very complicated relationship with Melinda. It would be very strange if she said she didn't know her, so she nodded directly. "Of course."
	"I've heard about things between you two. I don't like that woman, just like you!" Emily never hid her hatred for Melinda. At this moment, the hatred in her eyes was quite similar to Sandy's resentment in her eyes.
	They seemed to have found something in common, and did not hide the dirty thoughts in their hearts at once. They began to talk about the damage they had suffered because of Melinda.
	By this way, Emily had a feeling that Sandy was a person she could make use of.
	"In fact, there is another thing that I want to tell you."
	After a while, Emily finally showed what she wanted. To Sandy's surprise, she took out an envelope from her bag.
	The yellow paper envelope was thick. Anyone who knew something about business would know that it was a large sum of money.
	"Miss Bai, what do you mean?"
	A writer loved self-esteem, and Sandy was no exception. In her eyes, Emily's behavior was an insult to her.
	"Don't be so excited. I just think we get along very well. Please, I just want you to help me do something. The thing is just a simple thing for you to do."
	With a smile on the corner of her mouth, Emily used the word "please" to make Sandy's expression a little better.
	"Neither you nor I like Melinda. I hope you will keep your mouth shut about this, and make Melinda be questioned more. It is better that she does not survive in this circle!"
	What Emily wanted to say more was that being utterly discredited, she finally held it back. As soon as Sandy heard the words, her eyes lit up. Making Melinda unable to survive in the literary circle, wasn't that what she wanted to see?
	In this case, there was no conflict between the two, so she accepted Emily's money happily.
	"I won't give up easily. Such a person doesn't deserve to stay in this circle," Sandy said ruthlessly. 
Chapter 182 Nowhere To Be Found
	In Soaring Group, at the CEO office, the atmosphere was too tense to make people breathe. The secretaries were busy with their own affairs, and if there was any file that needed to be signed by Jonas, they would throw it to William.
	William was both the Secretary General and the private secretary of Jonas. But in the eyes of the people in the CEO office, he was a good man.
	William stepped in front of them whenever there was something happened.
	So at this moment, William was alone, miserably facing the anger of Jonas.
	"You can't find her?"
	Jonas pondered over William's words, but his words made William in a cold sweat. The boss's tone was just thinking about the efficiency of their group, whether they could be replaced.
	"Yes, when we arrived at her home, she wasn't there. And when we went to her studio, the staff told us they didn't know where she is," William said, resisting the pressure. His heart was filled with tears. He had never thought that it was so difficult to find such a small character.
	Finally he found her studio, but it was an empty shell. William thought Sandy's words must be shady. Since Mrs. Melinda had suffered so much, the boss wouldn't let go of that woman easily.
	However, if Jonas did not want to let her go, William had to find her first. William felt that he had fallen into a terrible circle.
	"One day? You just find her home and studio? Anything else?"
	Jonas didn't want to hear this result. What he needed to know was all Sandy's interpersonal network, to find out the woman as soon as possible, and then to ask her about the incident this time.
	He was very worried about Melinda, but at this time he did not know what to do. The only thing he could think of was to find Sandy to prove that Melinda was innocent.
	Melinda copied others' work? Jonas didn't buy that, but he knew it clearly that since it was of no use that he believed her alone, he had to prove Melinda's innocence with sufficient evidence.
	"It's all under investigation."
	William felt that he couldn't hold on any longer. In the past, he could deal with everything with Nelson, but this time it was related to Melinda, and the pressure from Nelson was not small at all.
	But the investigation had found out all the information about Sandy, but it seemed that Sandy had vanished from the earth without any trace.
	Emily wasn't going to give her only the money in the envelope. After the negotiation, Emily had asked someone to transfer some money to Sandy before Sandy left A City with the money.
	If she wanted to expand the impact, the only way would be not to face those media directly, but to let them to exaggerate it.
	Both of them knew it well.
	The information Jonas could get from his subordinates was limited. Jonas expanded the search group and took advantage of the connections in all walks of life, but still couldn't find Sandy.
	The Internet was flooded with negative comments in two days. The studio also announced that this matter had a great influence on Sandy, so they couldn't get in touch with her.
	It was a sensational news and all the netizens were criticized for Melinda. Seeing this, Jonas felt anxious and the public relations department of Soaring Group was in a crisis.
	They had to control the hot topic, but now the other side had come with full preparation and they couldn't stop it at all.
	All the development of the matter was within the scope of Emily's pre-examination. On that night, Sandy, who was said to be missing by the studio, posted a message on her own Weibo.
	Sandy announced to the outside that she had devoted herself to her creation. But this time, her behavior had gradually lost the attention of all the people. Jonas's men searched for it according to the IP address of her Weibo and found that it was an Internet bar. Sandy was long gone.
	It was a deadlock. Sandy was smart. She took escape as a game. She was like the heroine in a book, smart and brave.
	She felt that she could get rid of those people soon. A few days later, those people would naturally give up. By that time, she could quietly return to A City.
	But Jonas would never let Melinda suffer this. He didn't delay searching for Sandy. The searching scale was even much larger, just in order to find an unfamous writer.
	Sandy was well-known in the upper class for a while, but everyone knew that she would come to no good end after offending Jonas.
	Today was weekend. Melinda felt very depressed in the company these days. Even though she had asked herself not to care about these rumors, she knew that there were many rumors, and if the rumors spread, the truth was not important.
	Melinda looked up at the blazing sun overhead. The blazing feeling made her eyes uncomfortable. She blinked, tears falling down her cheeks.
	In a hurry, she reached out and wiped her eyes. Through her blurry eyes, she saw a familiar figure approaching.
	Wearing ten centimeter high heels, Emily walked bossily to the front of Melinda. Recently, Melinda had something on her mind and didn't sleep well at night. With thick dark circles around her eyes, her face turned pale. She looked very tired.
	"Wow, is this the famous writer Melinda?"
	Emily crossed her arms over her chest, looking at Melinda haughtily. Emily in high heels was a little taller than Melinda, even such a small advantage made her feel happy.
	Hearing the familiar voice, Melinda felt that she was unlucky. She had just taken a walk outside to go to the supermarket to buy something, she would have met the God of plague, Emily.
	Thinking of her recent events, Melinda had to doubt if all these things were done by the woman in front of her.
	Otherwise, she and Emily lived in the opposite parts of the city, which was so coincidental.
	"Oh, you overpraised me, I'm not as famous as you, the pure superstar, Miss Bai."
	Melinda's eyes were still a little red, but she grinned brilliantly at the moment. She was on high alert in front of Emily and didn't take those words seriously in her heart.
	As soon as the words were finished, Emily's face suddenly turned pale. Her sharp nails were eager to directly pierce the smiling face of Melinda.
	'All I have suffered is due to you, Melinda!'
	"As proud as you are, you plagiarized others for fame. What's your position on me, Melinda? At least, I won those awards on my own ability."
	Emily had participated in many film festivals, but she was always only nominated but not get award, and because of some unknown reasons, she had received a few not very severe awards.
	"Your ability? The ability to get on some men's beds? Or the ability that you are good at seducing a married man?" Melinda frowned and looked at Emily doubtfully. The coldness in her eyes reminded Emily of another person.
	At the same time, the "another person", who was driving a car, followed closely behind Melinda. When he saw the appearance of Emily, he suddenly got off the car and strode towards them as if he was facing a formidable enemy.
	"Bitch, do you believe that I accuse you of slander?" Emily was irritated, with her eyes staring at Melinda maliciously. She just wanted to tear up that annoying smiling face.
	Melinda wasn't scared at all. Seeing how excited Emily was, she wanted to say that Emily had a guilty conscience. Before she spoke, she was embraced by a warm chest.
	Jonas's eyes turned into knives and swept to Emily, which made the woman in front of him change her expression immediately and wear a sweet face.
	The sudden intimacy caught Melinda off guard. Surrounded by familiar smell, she was in a trance.
	Jonas put his arms around Melinda's shoulder strongly. He was heartbroken. How could she bear so much pressure with such a fragile shoulder?
	All he wanted to do was to share Melinda burden and protect her behind. Therefore, as soon as he saw Emily, he stood straight beside Melinda and told her that he was here!
	"Jonas." Looking at Jonas, Emily's eyes were full of enthusiasm and burning. A chill came over Melinda, but she stared at the fingers on the shoulder of Jonas with entanglement.
	"Are you okay?" Completely ignoring Emily, Jonas lowered his head and looked at Melinda worriedly. Seeing her haggard face, he clenched his fists in anger.
	Melinda was still somewhat absent-minded. The tall figure of Jonas seemed to block the dazzling sunlight at this time, but it also made her tear stains more obvious. Immediately, Melinda felt that the hand placing on her shoulder had increased his strength.
	"Ah!" Melinda couldn't help but groan. As soon as Jonas came to himself, he looked at her in both confusion and nervousness. He was just angry that he could do nothing for the sake of Melinda being wronged.
	But he also hurt Melinda unintentionally, which made him very upset.
	Except for indifference, a second expression appeared on Jonas's face, especially the kind of entangled look. Suddenly, Melinda felt that Jonas was very cute in this way.
	"Jonas, why don't you respond me these days?" Emily, on the other hand, completely ignored the existence of Melinda, and ignored the attitude of Jonas to her. She asked as she pouted her lips. Melinda rubbed her arms, which indeed had goose bumps.
	"Miss Bai."
	Finally, Jonas showed his mercy to Emily. But when he called her Miss Bai out of politeness, Emily's smile froze on her face. It was a heavy slap on her face.
	Seeing this, Melinda couldn't help smiling. Seeing this, Jonas felt happy secretly.
	"Jonas, are you taking a walk here?"
	Emily was very embarrassed about the topic, but at this time, she didn't know what to say. Her heart had already been filled with jealousy. Looking at the hand on Melinda's shoulder, she wanted to rush over to push her away, and then fell into his arms.
	"Miss Bai, I hope you can stay away from my wife in the future."
	Jonas called Melinda his wife. There was a smile on his face, and he was very proud of himself, but Melinda stiffened in an instant. 
Chapter 183 On The Edge Of The Cliff
	Wife? Jonas called her wife in front of Emily. Did he know what it meant?
	Looking at Jonas with a complex expression in her eyes, Melinda didn't say anything. After listening to Jonas, Emily said bluntly, "Didn't you divorce?"
	"Linda, the sun is shining outside. Let's go back,"
	Jonas said as he looked at Melinda. His eyes was much warmer than they used to be.
	At the same time, Melinda tightened his fingers on Melinda's shoulder. He was afraid that she would disappear.
	He knew clearly that Melinda did not push him away as she did before in order to stimulate Emily. But even so, as long as he could get a little closer to her, he did not mind the reason.
	"Okay." Melinda nodded, and she deliberately smiled at Emily. "Miss Bai, I'll go back with Jonas. Are you coming with us?" she asked.
	They seemed to be still together, in this way, they ignored Emily's words of divorce.
	"Oh, never mind. Miss Bai is very busy since she is a super star," Jonas echoed, but he knew better than anyone else that in the entertainment circle, Emily was much idler than any other assistant.
	Jonas was behind this result.
	"You are right. It is very kind of Miss Bai to come all the way over here to care about me."
	The reason why Emily came here was to mock Melinda. The sudden appearance of Jonas disturbed her plan. And in this situation, both of them were mocking her together.
	"Really? I really appreciate Miss Bai for caring about Linda," Jonas said indifferently, but he began to wonder why Emily was here all of a sudden. Did she come here to bully Linda? Or was she involved in this matter?
	Jonas always thought things all over. If he seized one point, he would be able to analyze a lot of things. When applied to Emily, he would feel that there were a lot of details that he had neglected.
	Looking at Emily's exasperated look, Melinda had a great pleasure of revenge, but soon she felt tired. She didn't like this kind of fighting.
	"Jonas, I'm tired. Let's go back." Melinda completely leaned against Jonas, and the dependent look on her made Jonas happy.
	His fingers that were holding Melinda even trembled a little.
	The two of them no longer paid attention to Emily, but walked towards the car of Jonas which was not far away. Instead of turning him down, Melinda directly got into the car. It was very close to home, but Melinda fell asleep on the short way.
	Looking at the sleeping woman in the passenger seat, Jonas gently covered the blanket in the back seat on her. The blanket was colored, and at that time he disliked it very much when Melinda gave it to him. However, he cherished it now.
	He looked at Melinda with a sense of satisfaction.
	Emily, who was left behind by the two of them, stayed in the place for a long time, and returned to the car with full unwillingness. The car left not in the direction of her home.
	It had been several days since Melinda had been asleep like this. As Jonas carried her to the backseat and put her in his arms, she felt more comfortable in her sleep. The car stopped at the downstairs of the Melinda's apartment. Looking at her eyebrows and eyes affectionately, Jonas reached out his hand and wanted to touch her, but he was afraid that he might wake her up, so he stayed where he was at last.
	It seemed that Melinda was immersed in a long dream. She frowned and shook her head uneasily. Jonas woke up with a start, looking at the watch on his wrist and noticing that it was already late. Melinda frowned more tightly.
	"Linda," Jonas called her name softly, but Melinda didn't respond at all. He could not help but worry, and saw her mumbling some nonsense as if she was in a nightmare.
	Though showing nothing on her face, Melinda was under great pressure. She began to fear that her favorite would disappear step by step.
	She liked Jonas, but got hurt every time she was with him. Now she liked writing, but people in the circle didn't like her at all.
	"Linda, don't be afraid. I'm here." As if coaxing a child, Jonas patted gently on her back. He cherished such a peaceful time, but he realized that it was not early.
	He had been with Melinda the whole day, so he knew that she hadn't eaten anything. He carried her in his arms, and he felt that she was very light, with bones against his body.
	After thinking for a while, Jonas was still in a somewhat awkward posture. He sent a message to William, asking him to order food in the hotel.
	He seldom typed on his cell phone, but it seemed that he did it for the sake of Melinda every time.
	William replied very soon. The buzzing of his mobile phone woke up Melinda. She raised her eyelids and closed it tightly again in spite of the astonishment of Jonas. She even rubbed her face against Jonas's chest.
	Jonas breathed a sigh of relief. The food was delivered here in an hour. Jonas had to wake Melinda up.
	When Melinda just woke up, she felt a little confused. Jonas's warm embrace reminded her of the days when they were very intimate. Involuntarily, she said in a coquettish tone, "Jonas, I'm sleepy."
	Every time she was woken up by Jonas in the morning, she would snuggle in his arms and act like a spoiled child, which made Jonas lost in thought. Thinking of those days, Jonas was even more aware of what he had lost.
	"Linda, you haven't eaten anything the whole day." Jonas stroked Melinda's head to make her sober. At last, Melinda opened her eyes and came to herself.
	She rushed out of Jonas's arms. At the thought of her embarrassed look just now, she bit her lips in a bit of regret.
	Looking at his hand in the air, Jonas seemed a little upset. Then he put down his hand and opened the door. As the night wind blew into the car, Melinda shivered and suddenly became more awake.
	But she couldn't think of anything about what happened today, except that she seemed to see Emily.
	"I have ordered some food for you. Remember to eat."
	Jonas got off the car and took the take out from the hotel staff. Then he opened the door and handed it to Melinda. She looked at the time and asked subconsciously, "Have you eaten?"
	The air was suddenly quiet. Jonas could not believe what he had heard. Did Linda care about him just now? Thinking of this, the man smiled, somewhat childish but pitiful.
	It was easy to satisfy Jonas now.
	"You have ordered so many dishes. Let's go upstairs to eat together." After getting out of the car, Melinda said, after thinking for a while. Then she walked forward alone, leaving Jonas behind. It was not until then that Jonas suddenly realized what was happening. He quickly followed Melinda, took over the delivery bag from her hand, and hummed excitedly.
	The corners of Melinda's mouth could not help smiling.
	The northeast corner of the city was very desolate, but there were a lot of people living here. When Emily's car arrived here, it seemed to have attracted many people's attention. And the car could not take another step forward on the narrow and muddy road as it was driving.
	Emily slammed on the steering wheel and cursed in her mind. Then she opened the door of the car and got off, with her eyes full of undisguised disgust. She didn't like the environment at all.
	Enduring the discomfort, Emily came to a shabby house. The door creaked as if it would fall down at any time. She pushed the door and entered, and it was an old room.
	And inside the room sat Sandy, who Jonas had been looking for.
	"Miss Bai." Sandy was a little surprised to see Emily. In order to avoid the searching by Jonas's men, she had to hide in such a place for several days.
	Although it was old and shabby, she could use the Internet here.
	Now she was carefully browsing the Internet, fearing that those people would find her if they followed the net.
	As expected, her fans and netizens also shifted their attention to the news on the Internet. They directly commented on her Melinda's. Many of them even wanted to force Melinda to get out of the literary circle.
	"This is where you live?" After casting a glance at her, Emily ignored the chair that Sandy moved next to her. Even sitting on the chair made her feel awkward.
	"Well, it's okay. This place is just a little bit shabby." Sandy didn't take her words seriously, but Emily frowned. "I hope you can continue to post an article against her and sue Melinda for plagiarism," she continued.
	At the thought of the look of Melinda standing by Jonas's side, Emily became angrier.
	Sandy rolled his eyes restlessly, and then shook her head. "This is enough. We don't have to be so cruel to her."
	Emily took out some money from her handbag. As she knew, though Sandy was a popular man, she was always lack of money.
	"Use the money to decorate the room,"
	Emily said, but Sandy still shook her head. 'What a greedy person!' Emily cursed in her heart, but her smile did not decrease. She said directly, "After your article is released, I can give you another sum of money."
	Emily thought that she didn't offer enough chips to make her change her mind, but Sandy didn't accept no matter how hard she tried.
	She shook her head vigorously and Emily's patience completely disappeared.
	"You'd better accept it when I'm in a good mood to negotiate with you. Don't force me to tell anyone about your counter framing, or you'll end up with a worse ending than Melinda,"
	Emily threatened, and Sandy's face turned pale immediately. At that time, she regretted that she had spoken too fast, and now she had been exposed.
	"You!"
	Sandy felt like standing on the edge of the cliff and there was no way out. However, it was dangerous no matter what she moved forward. If she was caught unprepared, she would be damned.
	She began to regret to cooperate with Emily.
	"Let me think about it."
Chapter 184 How Dare You Do That
	After Emily left, Sandy collapsed weakly on the chair. The old chair creaked, which made people more annoyed.
	Everyone knew the report was same as Melinda's, but its influence hadn't spread much. Sandy continued to watch the trend of public opinions. Thinking of the threat from Emily just now, she thought that it couldn't continue to spread.
	If things went on like this, it would be difficult to wind the matter up. Perhaps Melinda was ruined, but she would not have a good result. Both sides were injured in this battle, which was not what she wanted to see.
	Sandy sat in the room, lost in thought. Unknowingly, she had put herself in a situation like a person who is going to lose her life.
	The news was broadcast on the TV. It was neither hot nor cold, but Sandy felt as if she had been soaked in water, sweat all over her body.
	Sandy gasped and drew a few tissues to wipe the sweat from her face. Emily's threat still echoed in her ears, as if reminding a fact that she was extremely unwilling to admit.
	"It can't go on like this." Sandy thought that she could not be taken advantage of again. Otherwise, Emily would get more information that could threaten her. It was a bad circles for Sandy.
	She didn't have to sacrifice herself like this.
	When Sandy made it clear to herself, she let out a long sigh of relief. Then she began to think about what she should do next, as well as how to stay away from Emily.
	In fact, Sandy had thought that she should be calm as she didn't want to threat Emily with her bad behaviors which can make a book.
	But Emily was broad-minded and didn't care about that at all. Sandy had only one purpose now, and that was to make Melinda fall into despair.
	"Melinda must have been bothered by that recently, too." It was self-evident. Melinda was the one who wanted this matter must have ended sooner than anyone else. Thus, Sandy thought it over to have a talk with Melinda and get a large sum of money from Melinda.
	Sandy really admired herself. This was definitely a good way. As long as money came, everything would be solved. Even if Emily wanted to threaten Sandy, it wouldn't work.
	Sandy said excitedly and played a joke with herself. Her dressing style was loose, but this time she put on a more powerful makeup, but her heavy bangs suppressed her momentum.
	With a simple handbag on her hand, and only a cellphone in her hand, Sandy went out of the door. But when she arrived downstairs, she was surrounded by several people. Several people in black suits blocked her way.
	The leader of the group had a photo in his hand and compared it with the Sandy in front of him. Then he nodded at his companion.
	The two people went up without saying anything, and directly grasped Sandy. She began to struggle violently, shouting. "Who are you? Release me, help… Hmmm. "
	Her mouth was quickly covered by someone, and the person took a look at her, with no emotion in his eyes, but a touch of disgust.
	"You are so annoying. I want to rip your mouth into pieces." As soon as they got in the car, her mouth was sealed by someone. One of the men looked at her with great discontent and then said viciously.
	Thinking that because of this woman, they were all tolerating the coldness and punishment from Jonas every day, none of them felt happy.
	Sandy was still struggling, but due to their coldness and toughness, she dared not act rashly, regretting that she went out.
	His men in Black got even more worshipful of Jonas. They had investigated that woman for days, but got nothing useful. As soon as the CEO took action, the woman was found.
	Today, Jonas found Emily suspicious, so he asked someone to follow her. He didn't expect that he really seized the opportunity to seize the opportunity to grasp Sandy.
	After a meal in silence, Melinda began to ask Jonas to leave. It seemed that he had earned a lot from the meal. Certainly, Jonas didn't dare to say anything more. In addition, his subordinate said that Sandy was caught, so he left.
	Gu's mansion had reached a height beyond the reach of ordinary people only for three generations. The building was mixed with the layout of ancient courtyards, but they were all a villa.
	Her mouth was covered by a hand, but her eyes were still able to see. The magnificent building in front of her made her envious and forget where she was for a moment.
	Until she was dragged out of the car and thrown in front of a man.
	His sculptural face looked like a God. The blue and white suit on him made him look gentle and mild, but his cold eyes still made people tremble.
	She opened her mouth but dared not to say one word in front of him. Under such kind of eyes, the cold sweat that she had just gathered began to slide down, and she even lowered her head unconsciously. She did not have the courage to look at the person in front of her.
	This handsome man was like a god, but giving her the feeling that he was a demon.
	One of the bodyguards of the devil stood aside and said with a sigh of relief, "boss, here's woman."
	Of course he was relieved. Jonas was even more vengeful when it came to this woman.
	He wondered who dared to bully his beloved girl.
	"Sandy? Ancestral home is Shandong., parents..." Joan said as if he was reciting an ancient poem and told all the information of the Sandy out. With the secret information appeared from his mouth, Sandy sat on the carpet in a daze.
	The soft carpet did not make her feel at ease. Her heart had already been in the bottom of despair.
	"I'm curious how you dare to frame up Melinda." When he said about 'Melinda', a touch of tenderness flashed in his eyes. Thinking that Melinda was trapped by this matter, he was more determined to deal with it and let her be free from worries.
	"I..." Sandy was not stupid and instantly understood that the evil man in front of her was protecting Melinda. 'Didn't Melinda is a nobody?' Why was there such a horrible man backing her up.
	She swallowed her saliva and looked at the man's eyes with fear. It seemed that there was endless darkness there, as if she would sink into hell as long as he gave a slight order.
	"It was all Emily's fault. I was just a pawn in her game. She threatened me just now sue Melinda."
	Her mind went blank, but she was still warning herself how to protect herself. Soon, she did not hesitate to blame everything on Emily.
	Hearing the name of "Emily", the expression on Jonas's face suddenly changed. A touch of disgust crossed his Obsidian eyes.
	Noticing that Jonas didn't believe him for a long time, sandy hurriedly took out her phone and played a recording in it.
	When Emily came to see her today, she realized that something was wrong, or perhaps she always liked to keep an eye on everything, and now it came in handy.
	Instantly, Jonas heard her voice. It was not gentle as usual, but ruthless and frightening. Especially after the threatening words, it was also followed by a lot of curses to Melinda.
	His men exchanged glances with each other, and finally all of them silently looked at the direction of the floor.
	"Huh." Jonas burst into laughter with a sense of contempt. The feeling of being looked down on was the thing that was disgusting, but she dared not say a word at the moment.
	"Take a message to Emily and tell her stop doing bad things to Melinda, or I will not let her go."
	Jonas said softly. It sounded like whispers between lovers, but only Sandy could feel the homicidal intent in it, and she had experienced what pressure and fear were.
	So far, she still didn't know who the man was. But for no reason, she believed that Emily must know who he was.
	The group of people were surprised, but none of them said anything. They just did what he ordered, and they didn't know why he said the word.
	Only a few people in the Gu's mansion knew what happened to Melinda. However, since Jonas made a big noise today, Queena would certainly ask him for advice. When Queena knew that it was Melinda who had wronged, Jonas gave vent to his anger and told Nelson in relief.
	"He knows how to deal with it. I'm not going to help him since he is willing to be a hero." Although Nelson said so, he still felt sorry for her. He asked Gavin to arrange a car to her residence.
	In the afternoon, Melinda slept for a long time in Jonas's car. Now she was in good spirits, but she did not want to see the bad news online, so she did yoga at home.
	The only person who could drive Nelson to this place was the driver. Nelson had defined the place where she lived according to the address and came to the floor where she lived.
	When she opened the door and saw it was Nelson, she was surprised. Then she quickly helped Nelson into the room and said "Grandpa, why didn't you tell me in advance that you were coming? I could go downstairs to see you."
	"Okay, that's enough. I am not so weak that I have to be supported by others whenever I go. You are so nice to me." said Nelson. Nelson said in a gratified tone as he looked around and patted Melinda's hand. Then he found that the Melinda in front of him had lost a lot of weight.
	"You are thinner."
	Said Nelson. He felt guilty to his old friend.
	"What? I just gained some weight?" When she saw the guilt in Nelson's eyes, she was helpless. Nelson would think that all are his fault as long as she had a bad life. 
Chapter 185 Backup Is Lost
	Melinda poured a glass of juice for Nelson, and then sat down. They had a nice conversation. Nelson's guilty face was finally amused by her.
	Then he felt that he seemed to have forgotten something. With such a thought, he was helpless. It turned out that Melinda intentionally told him good instead of bad. She even changed the topic to make him forget it.
	"You must have suffered a lot outside."
	Looking at the gaunt face of Melinda, Nelson felt a little distressed. He found that she had only had a few days of comfortable life, and all these were brought by his grandson.
	The hard established status in Nelson's heart disappeared immediately.
	"No, Grandpa taught me to be independent since I was a child. I'm growing step by step according to his requirements. I feel happy." Melinda comforted him with a smile. Such an encounter might make her hesitate, but it would never knock her down.
	'What's the big deal for a sly man like Jonas to hold on for five years?' thought Melinda.
	Hearing this, Nelson seemed that it was like his old friend would say.
	"If you feel wronged, don't endure it. The Gu family will always be your backer. These troubles will soon pass. I believe with you." Nelson comforted her. He also thought it was because of her character that she was easily bullied.
	"Thank you, Grandpa."
	Suddenly, she seemed to see her grandfather standing in front of her with a cold face. He seemed to comfort her while scolding her. Finally, he quietly cleared all the bad things to her behind.
	Thinking of this, her eyes became a little red. In order not to let Nelson see that, she stood up from her seat and said in a hurry, "Grandpa, I'll go to wash some fruits for you."
	After chatting with Nelson for a while, he found that it was getting late. So he asked the driver to leave. After sending Nelson downstairs, Melinda ordered the driver to call her to inform that Nelson was safe.
	But Melinda didn't expect that it was Jonas who told her that grandpa was safe. It was past ten o'clock in the evening. Sitting at the window, Melinda looked out of the window at the night. There was no light in the bedroom, and only the weak light reflected in from the outside that made Melinda looked beautiful.
	"I know. Let Grandpa rest early..." For the first time, Melinda felt that 'good night' was so hard to say, so she simply hung up the phone.
	Jonas was a little upset, but it was already rare that she was willing to answer his phone now.
	At this time, Mr. Gu completely ignored that he was holding the phone at the Gu's mansion to call Melinda
	There was a USB flash drive in his hand, in which the conversation about Sandy was recorded by one of his men. The voice was completely copied in the USB flash drive.
	He wouldn't mind it.
	It was Monday the next day. Thinking of going back to the company, Melinda had the urge to not go to work, but now she had to support herself, so it was necessary to go to work. As for her writing draft, affected by this matter, the website had her books deleted and locked.
	The purpose of that was to prevent the website from being attacked, but it was a little disappointing. Someone took advantage of it and thought Melinda wasn't a good writer.
	Melinda sat on her seat without looking sideways. She paid no attention to what was happening outside the window and selectively blocked the discussions of those people. As for the company, she got no special treatment waiting because of Victor.
	She was not in the mood to work on the design in the past two days. But to her relief, the people around her seemed to be very busy with gossip, and they had no time to write. Thus, in the morning meeting, each of them was criticized by the supervisor.
	When Victor arrived at the company, he found that the office was quiet and everyone was concentrating on writing on their desks.
	"Melinda, come to my office."
	When he passed by the Department of Melinda, he called out to her and then took the lead to leave.
	He pondered for a few days. He thought that as long as he found her draft, she would be proved to be innocent. Likewise, he was also curious why she didn't show her own draft after such a long time.
	If he didn't trust her more, he would doubt whether she had stolen other's idea.
	Those people who finally calmed themselves down, went on to work. Hearing what Victor said. Immediately, they looked at her as the center of the light, full of mockery.
	Since Victor was the leader, Melinda had no choice but to leave her seat. After a short hesitation, Melinda went to Victor's office. It was obvious that Victor had told the secretary about Melinda, so the Secretary led Melinda directly into the office.
	"Mr. Cheng, what can I do for you?" She had reminded him many times that if he do something like that, people would gossip about them. But he acted as if he hadn't heard it and did what he wanted to do.
	He did everything in his own way to irritate her.
	"I want to ask where your draft is. As long as you show it, it's all right, right?" Victor stared at her with a suspicious look. She blinked her eyes as if she just recalled that.
	Excitement sparked in her eyes, but it soon disappeared.
	"I have cleaned it up regularly. Besides, I usually write my presentation by hand. It has been gone for a long time."
	Said Melinda. It was also a coincidence. She had the habit of regularly sorting out documents, but she was not used to sorting out the recent documents. Last time, she was probably too tired. As a result, the document was deleted when the document was not in her sight.
	"I remember that the last time I remind you, as an artist, you should have the habit of backing up something. Don't tell me that you haven't learned any lesson from it!"
	It was rare for him to be serious. Others had learnt from his mistakes, but Melinda forgot it. Thinking of this, he rolled his eyes in a bad mood.
	After hearing this, Melinda came to her senses. She didn't feel sad when she saw that, and instead, she gave him a smile.
	"Thank you for your reminding, Mr. Cheng. I'll be right back and try to find them."
	After saying that, she hurried out of the office to her own department, without waiting for Victor's answer. The back-up files in the computer, which she had been used to, were encrypted. However, when she opened the files, she found nothing she wanted.
	All the people saw that Melinda came back in high spirits and then sat down on her seats in a daze.
	She began to question herself why she didn't have a backup of the file. However, she knew clearly that she had a backup of the file.
	This was a kind of reflexive habit, as long as there were new documents, she would copy the documents automatically.
	But now, there was nothing in the folder.
	It's a precious opportunity that I can find it this time. Don't I even have the slightest chance to fight back?!
	With these thoughts in her mind, she lost all her strength and sat on her chair. Her bright eyes lost their luster. She covered her face with her hands and didn't move for a long time.
	People who didn't know what happened would think she was crying. But it only lasted for a dozen seconds before she started to work as if nothing had happened.
	Victor waited for a long time, but he didn't hear any news from her. So he went to the Department and saw her working. He didn't say a word about the draft.
	"You didn't find it?" He might have guessed the reason, but he still couldn't help asking. If he had questioned her just now, now it could be seen that she was most likely framed and could not find her draft.
	"Yes."
	He could sense that something was wrong, and she also knew that.
	But she didn't want to look into it anymore. She felt herself useless. At this moment, she just wanted to stay in the company as an ordinary clerk.
	Victor didn't make any response. He just looked at the Department, with something vague in his eyes.
	Melinda put all her mind on her work. However, the manuscript that those people brought to her was an article about the plagiarism. It was a disgusting thing.
	"Buzz…" Her cellphone, which was thrown aside by Melinda, vibrated. At this moment, she threw the paper aside and did not notice who was calling.
	"Hello."
	"Linda, are you available for dinner?"
	Jonas was playing a USB flash drive in his hand, which could prove that Melinda's innocence. He had hesitated when calling her, because he was not sure about her attitude towards him at the moment.
	Although they got along better yesterday, everything was because of the stimulation of Emily.
	But the speed that Melinda answered the phone made Jonas happy.
	"You can just talk over the phone." Melinda didn't know why Jonas wanted to see her, but she was sure that she had been very irritable recently and didn't want to see him at all.
	"I have ordered a table at the restaurant opposite your company. Remember to come and there was a surprise." Said Jonas suddenly in a domineering manner. He knew well about Melinda's temper. If he had persuaded her kindly, she would not have agreed and turn off his phone today.
	However, if he asked for half a force in this way, she would hesitate and finally try to make the appointment. She was not used to making things difficult for others.
	After hanging up the phone, Jonas sent the address to Melinda. It was a new restaurant just opened opposite the company, with a high price, and many people of the company could only make a comment with only four words, 'Can't afford to consumption.'
	Melinda looked around the restaurant and found that the design of the restaurant was indeed unique and reflected its value. The reserved seat by Jonas was a private room. Led by a waiter, she saw that he was hesitating with a menu in his hand.
	"Linda."
Chapter 186 Do You Drink
	Jonas put down the menu and pulled out the chair for Melinda. She put down her square bag and took her seat. Jonas handed the menu to her.
	"That's all." Jonas had ordered quite a few dishes with the menu in her hand. The waiter by their side wrote them down. Melinda closed the menu simply and handed it to the waiter.
	The delicate ornaments in the room were extremely valuable. Melinda had been studied in the university and now when she carefully studied them, she found that they were all genuine antiques.
	'Who is so rich to open such a restaurant here?'
	Melinda thought to herself. When she returned to her sense, there was a cup of drink in front of her. "Thank you."
	She was still polite to Jonas. Juice was the lemon flavor that Melinda liked. The light lemon flavor overflowed, making her relaxed and narrowed her eyes.
	The lemon juice tasted sour, but it lit up the entire taste bud. Melinda was also shocked.
	Cold dishes were served soon. There was a refreshing little dish on the colorful plate. No comment on how it tasted but the color matching was very good.
	In other words, its value was comparable to that of the dish of a five-star restaurant.
	Thinking of this, Melinda couldn't help studied the tableware and found that although these were not very expensive, they were still valuable.
	She had never expected that there was such a restaurant on the opposite side of the company. No wonder that many people couldn't imagine it.
	Melinda guessed that this must be owned by a young man from a noble family. Since the guests were either rich or powerful, they ordinary people had better stay out of it.
	Or they could only afford to have a meal in the lobby on the first floor.
	The dishes were served very quickly, most of which were Melinda's favorite. Jonas served a half bowl of appetizers for her and said, "Have a try. If it tastes good, you can order takeout to the company later. It's closer to here, so you don't need to worry that it will be cold soon."
	This restaurant was run by Jonas Pei. He designed all the details of the design in the shop according to the preference of Vivian, but she did not know.
	"Not bad. But I will get tired of it if I eat this every day." Since Melinda always respected others when she spoke, she wouldn't say the dishes here were not very good. But she rejected Jonas's proposal in her own way.
	During the dinner, neither of them spoke. Even though Jonas didn't say anything, he took good care of Melinda carefully.
	"Are you free tonight? The movie I'm looking forward to will be shown today. They sent me two tickets. Let's go together. What do you think?" said Jonas, looking at Melinda expectantly.
	Melinda would have forgotten this movie if it weren't for Jonas. Her initial expectation was already gone. "I want to go back early and have a rest."
	"You can't have a good rest even if you go back. Linda, you'd better relax. Don't put too much pressure on yourself." Jonas put down his chopsticks and said in a somewhat strong tone. Although he was telling the truth, such a tone of voice still irritated Melinda.
	She stopped eating, "I can't feel relaxed when I am with you."
	The harsh words stabbed into the heart of Jonas like a knife, and he could hardly breathe for a while.
	"Linda, as long as you stay with me tonight, I can handle the plagiarism."
	Jonas stared at Melinda stubbornly. In fact, this movie was a dream of Melinda. She told Jonas that she had feelings for this book. After preparing for it for a long time, the filming flooded. Melinda was very happy, saying that she would go to see it with him.
	Now the movie was on, and a strong obsession rose in Jonas's heart. He chose the movie because he wanted to take part in the movie with Melinda. The premiere must be watched by both of them.
	Hearing this, Melinda raised her eyebrows, and then stood up with a sneer, her eyes full of ridicule.
	Her movement was not big, but attracted all the attention of Jonas. Melinda picked up the cup of cold water from the table, poured it to the face of Jonas.
	Jonas looked like a drowned mouse. The water wasn't hot, but Melinda's unhesitating act broke his heart.
	Water slid down from Jonas's hair and dripped on the table covered with a delicate tablecloth. Melinda glared at him and did not ignore the anger from him.
	He pretended to be nice to her. Hearing that, Melinda laughed in a sarcastic tone. "Jonas, you're really humiliating me.
	Are you happy to see me worried about it? I thought you've changed. In fact, you're still the same Jonas. You and Emily are a perfect match." Jonas's behavior was just like a sarcastic remark of Emily in front of her.
	But they were in two different ways.
	Melinda felt it laughable that she was only one of those women in his wanton club in the eyes of Jonas.
	The disappointment in her tone was not disguised. Jonas suddenly felt flustered, and he realized that he seemed to have said something wrong. He was just too anxious.
	"I'll take care of this, and you don't need to worry about it, Mr. Jonas. If you're here today to talk about this, then I'm sorry that I'm disappointing you." Melinda took her bag and was about to leave.
	Jonas's anger disappeared weirdly with what Melinda said. Seeing that Melinda was about to leave, he became more nervous and quickly reached out to hold her arm.
	Melinda was really very thin. People seemed to be able to see the thin blood vessels on her fair arms. There was almost no flesh on the wrists. Even Jonas worried that if he used a little strength, her wrists would be broken.
	"Linda, I'm sorry. I didn't mean that." There was still water dripping from Jonas's forehead. When the water fell into his eyes, he felt a little uncomfortable and blinked his eyes, but it made him look like crying.
	Melinda could not bear to see that, but thinking of what he had said, she could not help but be angry.
	"Jonas, you know better than anyone else that not every sorry can be paid in return." Melinda pushed away Jonas's hand slowly, but he was so stubborn that he didn't want to let her go. So she had to release him with all her strength.
	Her words and attitude made Jonas hesitant. He didn't dare to stop her at all at this time. After Melinda left the room, she felt that the air around her was much smoother.
	Staying in the room was really depressing.
	She knew that maybe Jonas didn't mean it, but his true intention was revealed by accident. Those gentleness was but illusions. The cruel and mean man was Jonas.
	Melinda took a deep breath and left the restaurant under the guidance of a waiter. The design of the restaurant was very unique. The entrances on the first floor and the second floor were different. If Melinda went down from the second floor, she would probably be surrounded.
	Not knowing where to go, thinking of that her work had to be finished today, Melinda simply walked towards the company. At this time, the lights of neon changed the night view of the city. When she walked to the street side, there was some night wind, and she couldn't help holding her arms.
	There were still many people working overtime in the company. Melinda took the elevator to her department, only to find that there was the flickering screen on her computer. Someone was sitting on her seat and looking for something attentively.
	Astonished, Melinda came closer and found it was Victor. Hearing the sound of hurried footsteps, Victor looked up and saw her, "Aren't you off work?"
	"I come back for solving something. Why are you sitting in my seat?" Melinda sat down beside him and looked at him suspiciously.
	Then Melinda began to think that she didn't turn off the computer when she left. She regretted her carelessness secretly and that she always forgot to turn off the computer. It was not strange that the data in it was hacked.
	"I asked the technician this afternoon to see if there is any backup for you." As Victor spoke, he turned his attention back to the computer. Seeing that, Melinda only felt her eyes blurred. She seldom deleted anything from the computer, so it was difficult to find anything in it. Moreover, her eyes would be hurt.
	Thinking of her attitude to Victor today, Melinda felt a little embarrassed, but she didn't show it. She looked at him searching the data quietly, while Jonas threatened her to accompany him and then he would give her a hand. Melinda looked at Victor with calm eyes, showing a little bit of anger to Jonas in her heart.
	"It's getting late. Let's search it tomorrow. You haven't eaten yet, right?" Melinda knew that it was not an easy task for Victor to find that.
	He rubbed his eyes tiredly and said with a smile, "It's really hard to find it, but as long as it exists, I'm sure we can find it."
	His words inexplicably made people have a sense of relief. Melinda rubbed her somewhat sore nose and nodded affirmatively. "Yes, but that's the end of today."
	Victor didn't continue and he asked Melinda to turn off the computer. He cautiously waited for her to turn off the computer and then left. He couldn't help saying, "I have password for each computer in the department. Don't think too much."
	Melinda smiled in embarrassment and then left the company with him. At the thought of that Victor hadn't had dinner yet, Melinda offered to invite him to have dinner.
	"No problem. I haven't eaten in the sidewalk food stall for a long time. Let's go to the one by the river tonight. I've been missing its taste for a long time,"
	Victor said, which made Melinda feel a little strange. The people of rich families she knew were all fastidious about meals. It was rare to see them in restaurants like sidewalk food stalls.
	It was just that she was used to hiding all her doubts deep in her heart. She firmly believed that time would give her an answer to everything.
	The sidewalk food stall by the river was not far from the company, which was several minutes' drive. Now it was very crowded. They waited for a while before they finally got the seats.
	"Do you drink?"
Chapter 187 Rumors
	When the dishes and the barbecue were served, Victor had two empty bottles in front of him, and Melinda had only drunk less than a fifth of one bottle.
	"I don't know why I want to drink today. Do you mind?" After these words, Victor poured another glass of beer for himself. He really wanted to drink, and Melinda didn't mind it at all. She could drink as much as she wanted.
	Melinda shook her head and clenched the glass in her hand. She had a feeling that Victor had something on his mind.
	"Actually, today is my wedding anniversary with my ex-wife." Victor's voice sounded a little sullen. He lowered his head and drank another glass of beer. Then, with a bitter smile, he saw a surprised look on Melinda's face and asked, "What's that look on your face?"
	Melinda's eyes were full of curiosity and confusion. As a playboy, it seemed to be a very difficult thing for Victor to settle down and get married.
	Therefore, Melinda had never thought that Victor had been married, and had been divorced. When he talked about his ex-wife, she had an unspeakable feeling.
	She was confused, and the feeling was like sentimental, or relieved, or something else.
	"No, I'm just a little surprised." Melinda shook her head, telling him her true thoughts. But Victor didn't mind at all. "Don't be so surprised. I'm a divorced man as well."
	Melinda felt that her marriage was like a child's play. Two marriages were both a combination of benefits, and there was no so-called love, which led her to a very vague concept of marriage.
	Just like what Jonas had done, Victor might have got married for family's rights or other reasons.
	Melinda poured herself a glass of beer and clinked glasses with Victor. Both of them smiled knowingly.
	The talk that night also made Melinda have a great view of her leader.
	The next day, as soon as Melinda arrived at the office, she heard Victor's somewhat excited voice. "Melinda, come and see if this is your first draft."
	Last night, Victor spent a whole night talking with a young man in the technology department. The young man had told him many ways to solve the problem. Earlier this morning, he couldn't wait to go to the company and have a try. To his surprise, he found the first draft.
	"The first draft?"
	Melinda couldn't help quickening her pace. Looking at the documents and pictures on the computer, she was sure that this was her first draft. At that time, the content of the speech was generally limited, not detailed, but the contents that should be expressed were very clear.
	"That's right. How did you find that out?" After reading through the documents, Melinda repressed the ecstasy in her heart and asked. But Victor only said casually, "I had a try by the way that someone told me."
	Victor did not talk much about all the following efforts. Melinda looked at the draft excitedly, as if she had seen water in a desert. That was a look of hope.
	"Thank you, Mr. Cheng,"
	said Melinda gratefully. Not until Victor gave a reminder to her how to back up the file in the future so that it would not be easily lost, did Melinda went back to her seat. Many people had heard what they had just said that Melinda found her first draft.
	Did that mean Melinda was innocent?
	All of a sudden, all the people present were thinking about the matter in their minds. The people who were swaying in the middle began to keep a neutral attitude. They would neither offend nor play up to both sides.
	Thinking that Victor had tried so hard to find her first draft, Melinda sent him a message to invite him to dinner. It might be the first time for her to make an appointment with Victor.
	"You can choose any restaurant you like. I think the new restaurant across the company is good."
	The restaurant that Victor mentioned was the one where Melinda had dinner with Jonas yesterday. She was allergic to this restaurant's name now, and she seemed to blow up when she heard it.
	"I can't afford it." The four words indicated that Melinda's attitude at this time. After thinking for a while, she felt that it would be better to choose a restaurant by herself since she invited someone to dinner.
	When they got off work in the evening, Melinda took Victor to a restaurant near the company for dinner. Melinda happened to discover this restaurant by accident. The environment here might not be top-grade, but its taste was quite enough to remind people of home.
	Each time Melinda ate, she couldn't help thinking of her grandparents.
	"It's my treat today. Order whatever you like. If I don't have enough money, you will pay the rest." Melinda handed the menu to Victor, with orders in her hand. She could fill in the dishes she wanted to eat.
	Hearing what Melinda said, Victor did not know whether he should laugh or cry. "How could you be so arrogant with your treat?"
	"I'm poor. If I had money, I could take you to that good restaurant," Melinda answered calmly. Victor missed her relaxed and cute expression. She had been very melancholy recently, and she lost her brightness.
	Fortunately, now the problem had been solved, and the woman who made him could not help smiling had come back.
	Finally, they ordered four dishes and one soup at the recommendation of Melinda. She stood up and took the menu to the service desk nearby. Several waiters stood there, and someone came over to take the menu when he saw Melinda.
	"Melinda." Just as Melinda turned around, a somewhat surprised voice came behind her. She could not help frowning. The voice seemed to be from a colleague of the company.
	"It's really you. Are you here for dinner... With Mr. Cheng?"
	The three of them could not help feeling excited when they saw it was Melinda. They looked around and were surprised to find that the man in front of them was Victor. Then their eyes suddenly became vague.
	Melinda's head was pounding. She didn't expect to meet acquaintances here. Judging from their expressions, she didn't know what to say.
	"Yes. Mr. Cheng got my first draft back this time. I want to invite him to dinner to express my gratitude." Though Melinda felt that it was hard to explain everything clearly, she still gave an explanation.
	She prayed in her heart that these three people would not be gossip women. She was afraid that they would gossip about this thing as soon as they returned to the company.
	Melinda seemed to have a heavy mind while eating because of the group of women. She ate more quickly and just wanted to take Victor away.
	"What's the matter? Do you have such an appetite to eat with me?"
	Victor looked at Melinda curiously. She ate twice as fast as usual. When she was almost full, Victor just started eating.
	"Nothing... I just thought of something and want to go back to the company earlier," said Melinda embarrassedly. She felt like her head was as stupid as a pig's. She ate so fast, while Victor did not know anything at all.
	She didn't want to talk about it, so she changed the subject.
	"Are you busier than I am? Take your time and eat slowly. As your leader, I agree to postpone your work."
	Victor started in a leader's tone, which amused Melinda. She gradually stopped eating fast.
	But now, Melinda lost her appetite. She filled a small plate with a lot of fruit and ate slowly. Victor looked a little like Jonas when he was eating. Both of them behaved in a slow and elegant way, but somewhat different from each other. Because Jonas was very strict with himself, even when they were having dinner, he also behaved like this.
	However, Victor was different. He was just enjoying the process in relax.
	A playboy always knew how to enjoy life. Melinda heard this saying when she attended a banquet and heard the conversation between several socialite divas. She thought it was showed on Victor.
	"This restaurant is great. It is indeed a great one." Victor wiped his mouth with the tissue and opened his mouth slowly. The decoration here was ordinary, but it gave people a kind of warm feeling.
	Melinda was also a person who knew how to enjoy life in a lot of times. About food, Melinda got Kent's wechat message specially with the editor for the food column of their magazine, and their chatting content was almost related to food.
	As a result, Melinda found many delicious food.
	"There are actually a lot of delicious food in A City," Melinda said with a smile. The two didn't stay long. They left the restaurant soon, and several colleagues were always watching them. When they saw them leaving, someone even took out her mobile phone to take pictures quietly.
	After a long walk, Victor went to the parking lot to pick up his car and then drove Melinda home.
	The next day, the rumors about Melinda and Victor became more and more in the company. What Melinda worried about last night was completely true. The eyes of those people looking at Melinda changed. They used to be only jealous and slandered, but now it was obvious doubts.
	"The most important thing for a woman is that she has to have nice legs. Look, she has only been in the company for a short time. I'm not sure if she will be promoted to vice section chief or director soon."
	A woman's bitterness didn't disgust others. On the contrary, many people thought what she said made sense.
	For the whole night, everyone in the company got to know that Melinda and Victor were having dinner outside, and they behaved so intimately. Someone even said that they walked to a hotel nearby to check in after they finished dinner.
	Everyone seemed to have witnessed the romantic interactions between Melinda and Victor, as if they had seen their love story personally. When Melinda heard that, she became restless, as if she was sitting on pins and needles.
	Last night, she had agreed to come to Victor's office today to talk about how to explain her innocence of plagiarism, but the rumors were very disadvantageous to her.
	The rumors would get more violent if she still went to Victor's office at such a special time.
	After a long while, Melinda rose from her seat and walked towards Victor's office. She didn't want to give up her advantages for these irrelevant people.
	"She must be stimulated. Is she going to ask Mr. Cheng for comfort or complain to him?"
	"Shut up! Or we'll all be screwed."
	"How dare she pretend to be pure and innocent, bitch?"
	Seeing this, all the people thought that Melinda went to report to Victor. But Melinda turned a deaf ear to their words and endured the gossip.
Chapter 188 The Press Conference
	There were several documents arranged on Victor's desk, which were the ideas that he came up with. At this moment, Melinda came in and he waved to tell her to come over.
	"Have a look at these plans, which one is more suitable?" Melinda looked through the documents carefully, and found that they were almost the same. She had thought that they needed to discuss with each other about a solution, but she didn't expect that Victor had quietly finished these things.
	"Then just hold the press conference. But I prefer to mediate with her in private."
	Melinda put her finger on a document. She was about to call for a press conference to clarify this matter, but she didn't want to make the matter too embarrassing, so she hoped that she could have a private mediation with Sandy.
	Both of them would be mentally prepared.
	"Melinda, I hope you know that I am on your side on this matter, but from the company's perspective, I do not agree with your decision."
	Sandy was the writer of the rival company. This time, the opponent's attitude was to fight hard against Victor's company. He wouldn't revenge with kindness.
	After pondering for a while, Melinda agreed with Victor. Sandy seemed to have a bad character, and if she changed her mind, the effects would be reduced a lot.
	In order to deal with this kind of problem, they needed the help of people from the public relations department. Finally, Victor called the manager of public relations department here and spent the whole morning discussing the final plan.
	"Okay. It's settled then. As it took a long time, we don't have much time to prepare. It's probably the day after tomorrow." The manager of public relations department reminded Melinda. She nodded to show her full cooperation.
	That person left the office with the laptop without saying more. After that, Melinda also proposed to leave. The people from the public relations department were still very efficient, so in the afternoon, the news was released to Melinda that the press conference would be held tomorrow morning.
	The media they invited were all familiar with their company. They knew how to deal with it. The manager was afraid that Melinda would be too nervous to speak well. He even handed a speech to Melinda.
	The speech proposed by the public relations department was strict. In this way, no one would have the chance to find fault with her.
	Putting aside her speech, Melinda had memorized the general content of the article. Stretching lazily, she took her nightgown and prepared to take a shower before going to bed. She had to face the media with the best appearance tomorrow.
	However, Melinda was a little hesitant. After hesitation, she still called the Gu's mansion.
	The person who answered the phone was Gavin. He was so careful that he had kept the phone number of Melinda in his mind. He greeted her kindly over the phone.
	"Good evening, Mrs. Melinda."
	"Gavin, is Grandpa asleep?" Hearing the title given by Gavin, Melinda frowned, and then she went straight into the topic.
	Although Nelson had a phone, no one answered the call. For a long time, the servants in the villa were mostly busy looking for Nelson's phone.
	"Nelson is in the study. Mrs. Melinda, please wait a moment," Gavin said. The phone was quietly placed aside, and he personally looked for Nelson in the study. Hearing that it was a call from Melinda, Nelson walked faster.
	"Linda." Nelson greeted her before he picked up the microphone. Hearing that, Melinda could almost imagine how Nelson would look like now. She laughed out loud.
	As usual, Melinda first cared about Nelson's health and chatted with him about the daily life. She didn't speak until she was about to hang up, "Grandpa, I found evidence to clarify the plagiarism. We'll hold a press conference the day after tomorrow."
	At the thought of Nelson's worried face, Melinda felt deeply sorry for him. Eventually, she called him and reported her conditions.
	"What time do you plan to hold the meeting tomorrow? Grandpa will be there to support you,"
	Nelson said in a domineering way, which never changed from the beginning to the end. Touched by his strong support, Melinda said, "Grandpa, don't worry. I can handle it."
	'I have become stronger, ' she added in her heart. Nelson didn't force her. He told her something before they hung up.
	"Hey, boy, why are you standing here with a long face? Are you trying to frighten me?"
	Nelson hung up the phone, raised his head with a walking stick and saw Jonas's unchanged face in front of him. With a poor heart, he couldn't help but cover his chest to relieve it.
	"Is it from Linda?" asked Jonas. Thinking of her leaving unhappily last time, he felt regretful.
	He wanted to apologize to Melinda and begged for forgiveness, but she ignored him.
	"Yes. Linda said that she had found evidence and she would hold a press conference to clarify it the day after tomorrow." Nelson was also clear that Jonas had been concerned about this matter, so he said it directly. But when he looked at Jonas, there was obvious displeasure in his eyes.
	His grandson was getting more and more inefficient. Even Linda had found evidence to prove herself, but he had nothing to do with the case.
	Nelson knew nothing about their meeting. If he knew it, he must be exasperated at Jonas's failure.
	"Got it," said Jonas unhappily. Looking at his dull appearance, Nelson sighed and didn't say much. After Jonas returned to his villa, he quickly arranged his men to investigate the matter.
	Victor had invited a lot of media in the name of the company and held a press conference for Melinda the day after tomorrow. The heat of the press conference had not completely disappeared. At this time, everyone was excited.
	Looking at the direction of the comments online, Jonas found that there was someone secretly spreading the rumor. It must be someone from the public relations department who was responsible for it.
	Even so, many netizens slandered Melinda. What the hell was going on that it took Melinda a long time to come out to deal with this matter?
	In a word, the netizens could write several books with their strong imagination.
	After thinking for a long time, Jonas thought that he could release the record in this press conference. Then Sandy's words would be unconvincing.
	At the same time, Sandy and Emily also received the news. Sandy became even more afraid. Obviously, Victor had nothing to fear since he had been so high-profile.
	Did they find a chance to turn over? With her mind in a rush, Sandy couldn't help but think of Jonas, who was so powerful that made her feel scared to death.
	With Jonas's help, it would be a piece of cake for Melinda to regain her power again.
	Sandy was walking around like a headless fly at home. With sweat on her forehead, half of her hand was full of sweat as she wanted to wipe off her sweat.
	She felt that her heart was controlled and it was difficult for her to breathe. She was like a person who was walking on a desert under the scorching sun and didn't know where the destination was and whether it was hope or death in the next second.
	Sandy had been writing for many years, so she habitually put herself in the position of a ruler. Now she realized that her own innocence was ridiculous.
	Then Sandy rushed out of the room with her phone in her hand.
	She deeply felt that she couldn't hold on any longer, and the only ally she could think of was only Emily.
	Emily's house was not a secret, but it had taken her some time to get here. When Sandy walked up to the door, she felt that she didn't even have the strength to ring the doorbell.
	It was Emily's assistant who opened the door. She looked at the person outside in confusion, and felt that she couldn't match the character in her mind. She couldn't help but be on the alert.
	"Excuse me, who are you?"
	There were many powerful figures in the entertainment circle. The assistant was afraid that the person in front of her might be a big figure she had never seen before, so her tone was naturally more polite. Sandy licked her dry lips and then said with a little hoarse, "I'm looking for Emily."
	"Who is it? Why did it take you so long to open the door?" Emily's voice came out from inside, and the eyes of Sandy instantly lit up. She shouted at the person inside, "Miss Bai, it's me, Sandy Zhang."
	Emily stopped at once, and then made a gesture to the assistant. The assistant walked to the side, leaving room for Sandy to enter.
	Sandy walked into the room, with an envious look in her eyes. Although Emily was not popular now, she was still rich, and any of the items in the room could be as valuable as a payment of an article of her.
	"What do you want from me?"
	Emily crossed her legs and picked up the snacks on the table, which indistinctly showed her cleavage. She liked to show her charm in front of others.
	She didn't speak, and Sandy stood there somewhat perplexed. Her hands held around her big shirt, and her heart was still fluttering with fear. "Have you watched the news? Melinda will hold a press conference about the first draft."
	"Really? The first draft conference sounds interesting," Emily said with a sneer. She did not take it seriously at all. Sandy had a bad feeling from Emily's attitude, and what Emily said next proved her guess.
	"Are you here to ask for my help? Do you writers always like unrealistic ideas?" Emily said sarcastically, beating up all the men in the literary ship.
	"What do you mean?" In recent years, Sandy had made a lot of work and always wanted to make contribution to it. But it was undeniable that she liked to write. Emily's sarcasm made her unhappy.
	However, no one cared about her mood at the moment. Emily slowly ate a cherry, the crystal red seemed to merge with her red lips.
	"I say you deserve it. If you listen to me and sue Melinda, she will have no chance at all. Now you are exposed and come to beg me. Do you think I am the Savior?"
	Her red lips moved as she spoke. She looked like a savior, but she was not capable of doing that.
	Emily liked to be a person in charge of the whole situation. She detested the disobedient chess piece, just like Sandy. 
Chapter 189 You'd Better Be
	Sandy's eyes blazed with anger. She thought that this matter was mostly caused by the woman in front of her, but now she wanted to get away.
	"Miss Bai, I think your words are very funny. If I really sue Melinda, I'm afraid I will live a more miserable life," said Sandy in a strange tone, with a pair of terrifying eyes underneath the thick bangs.
	Not threatening but frightening.
	Since Victor dared to help Melinda to clarify this matter openly, he naturally had the means to find evidence to reverse the verdict if Melinda was really engaged in the court. If that really happened, Sandy's chances of winning were much lower.
	Emily sneered. Of course she knew it, but it had nothing to do with her. What she wanted was to embarrass Melinda.
	She didn't care about Sandy at all. Sandy could also guess something from Emily's attitude at this moment. She was angry that she was used by someone. Then she thought of something and smiled viciously.
	"Miss Bai, have you forgotten our conversation? I don't mind recalling it for you."
	Emily really could not remember the conversation between them. She looked at Sandy suspiciously. Sandy was not panic at all right now, but after being provoked by Emily, she calmed down.
	She took out her mobile phone, found out the recording and played it directly. Emily rushed over madly, trying to delete the recording.
	Although Sandy gained a little weight, she was very flexible. When she dodged, she pushed Emily away. Emily was just like a dog eating on the ground.
	After a while, Emily came to herself and controlled Sandy with her assistant.
	"I don't know how many copies of this recording I have prepared. If you like to delete it, just do it. But Miss Bai, I hope you can know that we are in the same boat. If you don't help me, we can be screwed together. I think the media will be more excited to see a star involved in this matter than the mere fight between two small writers,"
	Sandy said it casually, thinking that it would be nice if people turned all their attention to Emily, but Emily would never accept it.
	She secretly hated Sandy's cunning words, but there was no other way at the moment. With a gloomy face, Emily looked at Sandy. She had never thought that she would be slandered by Sandy.
	"I'll deal with it. You'd better go home now. Don't do anything stupid, or someone will know more about you."
	Emily had figured out that she would definitely not come up with a good solution. Hearing that, Sandy breathed a sigh of relief. She was glad that she had recorded their conversation.
	But when Sandy thought of the record, she could not help but think of the matter that Jonas asked her to say something to Emily, but she did not say that.
	At this time, Sandy firmly believed that she couldn't let Emily know about it.
	"I hope that you will keep your words." After saying that, Sandy left Emily's house in a hurry. As for what would happen next, she would let Emily worry about it.
	There was still some time before the press conference. Emily's brain was in a mess. She could not think of any way at all. Her assistant stood by and saw her look bad, so she did things much more carefully.
	Melinda was in a good mood these two days and felt much more relaxed. Even when she encountered difficulties from her colleagues, she always wore a smile, which made those people feel embarrassed to continue to trouble her.
	What's more, other people were envious of Melinda, but they did not want to offend her. After all, she was accompanied by Victor, who would protect her all the time.
	They couldn't afford to mess with her later.
	Every time Emily tried to find a way, she couldn't help but grab her hair. Now she had so many hair on her hands, but there was no good way. She learnt all the means in the TV series. If something really happened to her, she had no other choice.
	At last, she chose the simplest way, and that was to contact Melinda.
	"See me?" Melinda doubted that if she had misheard. She was so surprised that she had received a call from Emily, and she was told that she wanted to see her.
	In her impression, there was nothing good when Emily met her. Now that the press conference was about to start, Melinda quickly refused, "I'm busy with work and I don't have time."
	"No, you must come out to see me," Emily said in a very domineering tone, which made Melinda can't help laughing out.
	"Am I being too blunt? Okay, I'm serious now. I don't want to see you,"
	Melinda sneered and said to Emily. She didn't speak loud, but her aura was strong enough. Emily came to herself in an instant. Thinking of the purpose she came to find Melinda today, she lowered her attitude and said, "I have something to talk to you."
	"You want to see me, and then I have to come out? What's the logic?"
	Melinda curled up her lips in bewilderment. Emily wanted to see her so much that everybody who didn't know the situation would think that they were on good terms.
	"Melinda, if you don't see me, I will commit suicide." As soon as Emily made up her mind, she said. At the other end of the line, Melinda was stunned by her words.
	Wasn't she just to have a face-to-face talk with her? How did it rise to the point of death?
	"I'm not kidding. I have nothing now."
	Emily clenched her phone. She couldn't think of anything else. Didn't Melinda always pretend to be kind? She was going to take advantage of her kindness today.
	After a long silence, Melinda seemed to be considering the possibility that Emily would keep her words. Finally, she said helplessly, "Okay, but I decide the place. I will text you later."
	She didn't want to put herself in a passive position, so she told her that. If Emily wanted to act rashly, she had to consider the occasion as well.
	After thinking it over, Melinda sent the address of a tea house she often went to Emily, and then called to book a room over there. It was noon break.
	Melinda had thought that she would wait for Emily for a long time. After all, it was Emily's usual style. But as soon as she arrived at the tea house, the waiter told her that her guest had arrived.
	"You are late." As soon as Melinda pushed the door open, she saw Emily looking at her with an unhappy face. Then Melinda glanced at the clock on the wall, and said calmly, "It's probably because my nap time is different from that of Miss Bai."
	"You do have a lot of work to do. I heard that you are going to hold a press conference tomorrow."
	Emily's mouth twisted in a weird shape. Melinda poured herself a cup of tea and poured another cup of tea for Emily.
	"Tea and desserts here are not poisonous," said Melinda. She was a little hungry after having only little food at noon. She picked up a piece of dessert from the small plate and had a taste. The faint flavor of Osmanthus spread in her taste bud, and Melinda squinted with satisfaction.
	Also in this way, she ignored Emily, who was sitting opposite to her.
	The meeting was brought up by Emily, and there was no reason for Melinda to bring the topic up here.
	"I ask you if you are going to hold a press conference tomorrow," Emily asked again patiently. Melinda took a sip of tea to moisten her dry throat and said "H'm" absent mindedly.
	But on second thought, she sensed that it was strange that Emily was concerned about the matter. She rolled her eyes back and forth, and then squinted at Emily with a touch of look and banter in her eyes, saying, "Well, you want to make use of my hot topic to gain some fame?"
	Emily's tea cup was smashed on the table and broke into pieces. Melinda's words were full of sarcasm.
	"Or are you planning to switch to be a reporter and let me accept your interview?" Melinda didn't mind Emily's attitude at all. After saying that, she reminded Emily that she had to pay for the damages of the tea set. She didn't want Emily to let her pay for that.
	For a long time, Emily didn't bring up the topic she was going to say, but was mocked by Melinda.
	"Well, take a look." Emily controlled her temper, took out an envelope made of Kraft paper from her bag, and pushed it towards Melinda. While typing twice on the envelope as if she was a spy, Melinda said, "It has the same thickness as your skin."
	Though being taunted by Melinda all the time, Emily was no match for her at all.
	"As long as you apologize to the fans in the press conference and admit that you plagiarize, these money will be yours," said Emily proudly. She felt so happy that she was richer than Melinda.
	In other words, she thought that Melinda was very poor.
	Taking a sideways glance at the envelope, Melinda said, "Apologize to my fans and admit the plagiarism? Do you think I'm as stupid as you who have no brains?"
	It took her a long time to find the evidence to prove her innocence. How could she give up just because of such little money? Was she that poor? Melinda smiled ironically, but the smile did not reach the bottom of her eyes. She was curious why Emily suddenly mentioned this.
	"I remember that you have nothing to do with it, right?"
	"Why do you ask so many questions? Just take the money and do as I say."
	Emily was a little flustered by Melinda's question. She said hurriedly, as if she was eager to hide something, but Melinda was not so easy to fool.
	"Emily, do you feel guilty? Or, it was you ordered Sandy to do that?!" Melinda stared at Emily with sparkling eyes. There was no doubt but certainty in her eyes.
	If it was Emily who did it, Melinda would not be surprised. But when did Emily arrange so many people around her.
	"No, I don't know who Sandy is," Emily explained in a hurry, which made her look much guiltier. Melinda wouldn't let it go easily as long as Emily was involved.
	"You'd better be."
Chapter 190 Buying Her With Money
	"Will you say yes or no?" Emily took the envelope and opened it directly. The money inside was showed, which seemed to attract people speechlessly.
	With just a glance, Melinda drank up the tea in her cup and looked at Emily with a teasing smile. "Save the money for yourself. After the press conference is over, it's not easy for you to make money."
	Those who understood one best would always be one's enemies.
	Melinda didn't know well about Emily, but she had a point. Emily was arrogant especially in front of her and wouldn't give up easily.
	All these unusual behaviors today only meant that something bad would happen to her in the press conference.
	There must be a special connection between Emily and Sandy. Melinda put down the tea cup leisurely, and then stood up and said politely, "Thank you for your hospitality today, Miss Bai. I have something else to do, so I'm leaving."
	Melinda ignored Emily, pushed open the door of the room and left straight away. Emily was sitting on the seat, looking a little lost. Melinda's words alerted her.
	She began to regret being involved in it. It was good to watch the fire from the other side of the river. She had made herself into an aggressive arsonist. Now the truth under the smog was sensed, and her situation was more and more dangerous.
	Knowing that the accident was related to Emily, Melinda was heavy hearted again. She was afraid that something bad would happen before the press conference.
	After thinking for a while, Melinda went straightly to Victor's office after she went back to the company. Seeing that, the secretary and the others didn't have to ask her and directly let her enter the office.
	Victor was dandiacal, but responsible for dealing with things that should be dealt with his heart and soul. He was concentrating on a pile of documents, with a pair of glasses.
	"What are you doing here, Melinda?" The door was pushed open, and Victor raised his head subconsciously. Seeing that it was Melinda, he stood up from his seat and threw the glasses on the bridge of his nose to one side.
	"Today, Emily came to me. She talked about the press conference tomorrow. I have a feeling that she has something to do with the incident," Melinda spoke out her guess, and then told Victor about the conversation in the tea house in detail.
	Victor didn't know much about the entertainment circle, but he had heard about Emily, for a reason called Melinda.
	"She is picking on you?" Victor had privately prepared the words before he asked. He had a clear understanding of the people and things around Melinda. One of the most important figures was Emily.
	It could be said that the reason why Melinda was in such a bad situation was because of Emily.
	"What? I suppose so." Melinda had some doubts to Victor's conjectures, and then frankly admitted it. She simply thought that she was the victim of the matter, no matter who first thought of it, and that she must be targeted by someone else.
	However, she didn't notice that Victor seemed to know a lot about the things around her.
	"Deep down in the entertainment circle. Emily is mixed up there. Of course, she is quite capable. But don't worry too much. Everything is well prepared this time. Let's wait for the press conference,"
	Victor comforted her. In fact, Melinda had been hurt by Emily for many times. It was normal for her to be panicked.
	The shadow of Emily was above Melinda's head.
	At this time, Melinda also realized that she was over reacted. She stood aside with some embarrassment, looking around, and tried to change the topic. "I'm sorry to interrupt your work. If there's nothing else, I'll go back first."
	As soon as Melinda finished saying that, without waiting for an answer, she left the office as quickly as she could as if she had done something wrong. Looking at the direction in which Melinda had left, Victor could not help but smile helplessly.
	Although he had comforted Melinda that nothing would happen to her, Victor still exhorted his secretary to go to the public relations department and hand over some tasks. Then he sorted out the documents he would need the next day.
	Emily returned home in a state of distraction. When she arrived home, she found Sandy was waiting for her on the sofa. Full of anxiety, she stood up from her seat all of a sudden and asked, "How is it going?"
	Emily had told Sandy that she came to meet Melinda today. That was why Sandy chose to wait here.
	In a day, things didn't get any progress, and Sandy completely lose her temper. She was like a follower, waiting for the verdict from God.
	But all of these was unbearable.
	"She didn't say yes." At the mention of Melinda, Emily threw her bag onto the sofa with an expression of viciousness. Then she lay down as if she was exhausted.
	What Melinda had said in the tea house echoed in her ears like a magic spell.
	Thinking of that, Emily's fingernails plunged into the fabric couch.
	"She didn't agree?!" Sandy shouted at Emily. Her face turned pale at once. If Melinda didn't say yes, it meant that the negotiation was a failure. The press conference would go on tomorrow, and then she would be over.
	"Are you crazy?"
	Sandy's loud voice hit Emily's eardrum. She covered her ears and discontentedly glanced at the rude woman. Sandy panicked and just stared at her.
	She was like a soulless puppet.
	"We can't negotiate with Melinda. We have to do something on the day of the conference to ruin it,"
	Emily said fretfully. Playing tricks in the press conference was the worst way, after all, Victor had made a cost this time. Before the press conference, outsiders were not allowed to enter the banquet hall, even if the people in the hotel.
	"How about we make Melinda unable to attend the press conference?" Sandy's mind was full of the plots in novels, and she couldn't help but say. Emily rolled her eyes at her.
	Nothing bad would happen to Melinda in that day. Otherwise, even if she did not have evidence, those people would still accuse Sandy of doing that because of being afraid, though this was the truth.
	"Does it work? But we can't enter the press conference now. What should we do? Shall we run away?"
	Sandy was as anxious as a cat on a hot pan. Finally she sat aside weakly and spoke out the idea.
	This was undoubtedly the worst idea. She had accepted her fate to think that Melinda could turn over, and she would be more miserable than Melinda had been.
	She couldn't accept the result at all. She had some money with her and could live a comfortable life abroad.
	By the way, she could write anonymously so that she could support herself. As for her family, she had long abandoned them.
	"Sandy, what a loser you are! You even think about escaping before things happen." Emily sneered. It was impossible for her to retreat without a fight. At this time, Emily seemed to have calmed down.
	"Do you have a better solution?" Sandy said unhappily. She didn't want to act like this, but the pressure by being pressed step by step made her panic.
	Tapping the pillow with her fingers, Emily's face was hard to be seen. Sandy almost thought she was thinking about her idea.
	"It's the stupidest way, isn't it?" Emily said with a sneer. Although Sandy felt ashamed to say so, she stared at Emily angrily. If she couldn't do well, she wouldn't be alone.
	Sandy's burning eyes made Emily a little worried. The bent fingers gradually stretched out. "I think of a person who can be used."
	In Emily's mind, a woman worked in Victor's company, who had helped her before, was a person who took money to do anything.
	Sandy did not know whether she should believe Emily or not, but this was her last hope.
	It took Emily a long time to find the number. She dialed it and it was answered after a long time. The voice was hoarse like a throat being cut by a knife. Hearing this, Sandy could not help frowning.
	"Hi, Michelle Yu. It's been a long time. Do you remember me?"
	Emily's tone had resumed her goddess image in front of everyone. She did not feel strange at all about the strange voice of Michelle. She just greeted her as usual.
	It seemed that the person on the other end of the phone was her friend whom she hadn't seen for a long time.
	"What do you want me to do for you?" At this time, Michelle was hiding in the washroom of the lounge. She put her hand on the phone and whispered. Every time she received Emily's phone call, she was always very careful.
	Because she knew that she was going to do something dark, so she didn't want others to know.
	Emily sighed in her mind, 'she is a smart man who doesn't talk too much. She is a straightforward person, but this kind of person is often the most terrifying.'
	It was what Jonas had told her before. Some people were unknown to others, not because they were ordinary, but because they knew how to hide and find the best opportunity for themselves.
	This was just how Michelle was. She was just an ordinary employee in the company, but she had helped Emily to trouble Melinda many times secretly and no one had found out that.
	"At the same price as the last time, I will give you half of the deposit, and then give you another half after you finish the task. This time, what you want to do is very simple. You just need to format Melinda's computer."
	Michelle didn't know why Emily was so mean to Melinda, but she always did it as long as she had the money. However, she was a little hesitant this time. Although she had not been exposed for several times, she felt that she was on the edge of danger.
	But what Emily offered was quite tempting. Thinking that if she could do one thing for her, the money she got would be more than all her salary for many years, Michelle agreed.
	The next day was the press conference. According to the requirements of the public relations department, Melinda changed into a formal suit, with a light make-up on her face, and her hair was tied into a ponytail falling behind the head. A typical capable style.
	The press conference was to be held at half past ten. Melinda went to the company first to sort out the documents needed, and then went to the hotel with Victor. As for the site of the conference, the public relations department had already been busy with it.
Chapter 191 Ungrateful
	All the things needed were stored in the computer. After sitting down, she turned on the computer and was ready to copy the data to the USB flash drive for the press conference. However, she found that it was empty.
	The computer seemed to have been switched. The files used today were all gone. Even the back-up part was also lost.
	Melinda trembled to click the mouse, not giving up searching, but the result was the same.
	All the people in the office left the mouse and staggered towards the office and she called Victor. Her panic made people wonder what had happened to her.
	"What's wrong with you? The launch event hasn't even started yet." Victor had just arrived at the company. Today he also had to attend the press conference. He was dressed in a black suit, not as casual as usual.
	He couldn't help but frown at the sight of Melinda who rushed to him in a hurry.
	She was not the kind of rash person. Something must have happened something bad to her when she was nervous at this time. He teased her, trying to make her relaxed.
	"The file on my computer isn't there. What should we do? The launch event is about to start." She held him by the arm, as if he was a life-saving straw. Her forehead was covered with cold sweat, and she felt remorseful.
	She guessed that it must have something to do with Emily. Emily would not let it go, but she did not prepare for it. She really hated her own carelessness.
	Noticing her remorse, he patted her on the back to comfort her. "Don't worry. Tell me more details."
	Though she spoke incoherently, her general meaning was expressed. It was normal that the computer broke down for twice, but it went on like this every time, which made people think deeply.
	"I… Do you think you are a joke now? " She lowered her hands feebly and stood by with her head down, full of self mockery.
	She didn't blame anyone now. She blamed herself for not being strong enough. That was why she was framed so easily.
	"That's not like you. Don't worry. I have backup of that document when I found it. Calm down first. We will go to the hotel later."
	He didn't expect that Melinda would always lose the manuscript. It really came in handy. Her eyes shone with surprise, and then she kept nodding her head.
	She did not return to the Department, but sat in Victor's office to rest. The Secretary poured her a glass of warm water very considerately. With her eyes closed, she tried to calm herself down.
	It was ten o'clock sharp. Victor stopped his work at hand and said quietly, "Melinda, it's time to go to the conference."
	His voice was very soft, as if he was worried that he would frighten her. Now she was like a frightened bird who would not calm herself down.
	A short break calmed her down. "Wait a minute. I need to fix my make-up."
	The PR department asked her to face the media with her queen posture today, so that they would know that she was not guilty to keep silent for such a long time, but to silently collect evidence and severely slap them in their face.
	"Go ahead." Victor smiled with understanding and began to tidy up his clothes as well. He wore a tie today, so his exposed forehead made him look more mature.
	The site of the conference was very lively. Today's conference, in a way of live broadcast, was held in an given location by the media. The manager of the public relations department personally hung up and maintained the site order with a group of people.
	Everyone was preparing for the meeting nervously. Melinda followed him to the small lounge behind the conference room. A makeup artist stood there, with a thick cosmetic bag in his hand.
	Hearing this, Victor was stunned.
	"Mr. Cheng, you are going to speak later. You'd better wear make-up." The manager explained to her with a smile. Hearing her explanation, Melinda turned to him smiled.
	He felt sad.
	Melinda was gloating at his misfortune, but he was cooperative with everyone. After all, he clearly knew that the reason why he wore makeup was not for being more handsome, but for the sake of a mirror, or his face would easily become blurred.
	At 10:30 p.m., the manager of public relations department Victor and Melinda appeared in front of the media. Those photographers didn't feel sorry for them at all, starting to crazily take pictures with their cameras.
	The smile at the corner was very natural, making no one find anything wrong. As for Victor, he sat there with a stiff face, looking imposing.
	The speaker was the manager of the public relations department, and then Melinda. She had a summary of the situation and the answers were very cautious.
	These reporters were informed in advance, so they wouldn't make things difficult. After that, all the microphones were aimed at Victor.
	"Good morning, everyone." Victor waved to them and greeted them with a smile. Many girls who were watching the live streaming immediately covered their hearts. They all felt that their hearts were beating fast.
	"Mr. Cheng, what's your opinion on this matter?" A reporter asked a question with a microphone. It seemed that he was very brave to talk about it, because he not only spoke in the company, but also in the circle.
	"It's normal for people in the entertainment circle to get involved in the disputes between you and me. But I believe that evil people never win." The smile at the corner of his mouth was kind of fun. Afterwards, many reporters wrote that as disdain for such a nobody like Sandy.
	On behalf of the company, he said that to show that he believed in her and spoke for her.
	"Miss Mo is a very talented person. I believe that many magazine and newspaper companies that have cooperated with her are all clear about her. Her fans know her excellence and the value of her in the literary field. They will never let those despicable people destroy her in dirty ways."
	If Melinda just told the truth, then Victor would be quite arrogant.
	The topic was raised to another level. Melinda was surprised, and then moved. What was more surprising was that there were many people who had cooperated with her here.
	Every word said by Victor meant that what sandy have done were really wrong. The moral criticism made those reporters more excited.
	Emily and Sandy, who were watching the live broadcast at home, looked at each other. Especially Sandy's face was pale. The conference went on smoothly, and she was shackled by Victor's words.
	Sandy had no other choice. It could be told from Victor's words that her works would be belittled and that her works would be reproached whatever she posted later.
	"Didn't you ask someone to destroy the evidence?"
	Sandy said, looking at Emily maliciously. She felt that she had been cheated. Emily used to give her a hold as a way to hinder her.
	Emily was also very surprised. At that time, Michelle told her clearly that she had destroyed all the documents, including the back-up. Besides, she had taken pictures for her.
	But now, the photos that were coming out of the livestream were making fun of them.
	"You were watching me make the call. There must be something that we ignored," She saw that Sandy pointing the finger at her. Emily was not happy.
	When she looked at the live streaming again, the camera just gave Melinda a close-up, in which she was happy and relaxed, and a somewhat smile formed a sharp contrast with them.
	"Don't worry. Maybe they are just bluffing. Haven't you seen they didn't take any evidence for so long?"
	Said Emily. Sandy was a little calmer than before, but she had a stronger sense of foreboding.
	Sometimes, the sixth sense was a really scary thing.
	Emily was very confident, she was sure that Melinda had no evidence, Emily was waiting to see how bad that would be in the end.
	When everyone finished their speech, some reporters finally couldn't wait to ask Melinda about the evidence. After all, both sides had different opinions on the matter, but they didn't have conclusive evidence.
	The three people's expression made the crowd even more curious.
	"I know that all of you are eager to see the evidence. Of course we have sorted out, or what happened just now would be a joke." The manager for public relations said. Then he waved to the staff, and the curtain behind the three people was put down.
	Victor ordered to sort out the documents and now they were presented to everyone in the form of projection, and the comparison of the details and time, which even caused the arrogant words to ask Sandy to take out the first draft earlier.
	The photo had been sent online. It was posted with words "welcome to identify". Don't let others say it was a Photoshop picture.
	"In addition, we also found an interesting recording. Dear journalists, cover your heart and hold the recording pen. This is a big surprise for you."
	Victor said jokingly. The worker under his instruction spread a conversation between Jonas and Sandy, including the conversation about how Sandy made a deal with Emily.
	The medias at the scene were excited in an instant. Wasn't this a lottery? They didn't expect that Emily would get involve in the conflicts between Melinda and sandy.
	It was so interesting.
	All of a sudden, everything pointed to Emily. Emily, who questioned by her that, Sandy was slapped in the face. "You ungrateful bastard! You betrayed me!"
Chapter 192 Having A Happy Ending
	When the recording was played, Sandy knew that she was in a big trouble. At the moment, Emily Slapped Sandy's face.
	And Sandy was very angry.
	"Emily, don't forget that this was just because you are so cruel and vicious. You want to make Melinda losing all standing and reputation." Sandy was disdainful of Emily's accusation.
	Emily regretted getting involved in this matter, so did Sandy.
	Her initial purpose was to make troubles for Melinda. After that, Emily had successfully turned the event into a big thing, which attracted a lot of media.
	They would eventually be defeated.
	The two women, who were complaining against each other, looked at each other with hatred. Sandy just wanted to cover her faces with her hands, without having a look, Sandy could still feel the pain clearly.
	Emily had a heart as vicious as a scorpion beneath her innocent appearance.
	Emily was still cursing on the other side. When she opened her mouth, Sandy grabbed a pillow behind her back and threw it at Emily.
	"Bitch, how dare you do that?"
	When the assistant came on, she saw the two women fighting on the sofa. Their hair was messy and their clothes were askew. Emily had always been used to behaving like this and her face was red.
	Sandy wasn't better than Emily. Emily's fingernails were grasping Sandy's hands ruthlessly. Then Sandy's body was covered with bruises and even bleeding.
	"Emily!" The assistant, who spoke in a low voice, failed to stop the two women. Later, Sher went in and saw the scene in front of her. She couldn't help but stop the two women with anger.
	"Ask this woman out." Sher said to the assistant and pointed at Sandy. What she said was so ironic that nobody could get away with it. Emily was still involved with this thing at this time, which made Sher's heart heave sharply.
	Emily tidied up her messy hair, but she felt a sudden pain in the corner of her mouth. She groaned and picked up her mobile phone to find that she was in a state of bruise.
	"Emily, as a public figure, don't you think your current situation is not good enough to be with such a woman?"
	Sher rubbed her forehead, feeling a throbbing pain in her temples. And the assistant took Sandy out of the apartment. After saw tht Sandy was leave, Sher was secretly relieved.
	"I ask you to go to the company. Get yourself dressed up."w No one believes that she was once a popular star.
	Hearing that she was going to see someone, Emily got flustered. She must be ugly now, if she went to the company, she must be laughed at.
	Noticing her panic, Sher didn't know what to do. The recording released on the Melinda's press conference was totally out of expectation and without any preparation, the public relations department had already been a mess.
	Emily's personal image had already affected the company, so the CEO called the director of star directly and ordered her to have a talk with Emily.
	The assistant helped Emily change her clothes. Her injuries in the face were so large that they wore a pair of sunglasses and a mask to cover her face.
	The nanny van had already been parked outside of her apartment. At this time, many reporters had been lurking outside her apartment. Almost all of them rushed here as soon as they got the news from the press conference.
	With difficulty, the driver drove the car to the company's parking lot. There were a lot of media here. Sher led Emily through the special channel to the CEO office.
	Emily had been in the company for a long time, and she had seen this man for many times. The one who always looked gentle and obeyed her all glared at her now.
	The CEO looked at Emily in front of him and felt helpless. Once the company's cash cow was now causing a deadly blow to the company. With so many things happening, the company didn't stop her. But this time, what Emily did had completely angered all the senior executives.
	"You must have known about the self-discipline of an actor,"
	Sitting in this position, the CEO always talked in a roundabout way, so that Sher was able to understand what he meant at once. " It is easy for Emily to offend others by accident."
	Sher couldn't get any advantages if anything bad happened to Emily. So Sher wanted to remind the CEO in this way that Emily had made a great contribution to the company before, hoping that the CEO would be kind to her.
	"Then you should go back and learn the rumor. Our company has decided to stop all of Emily's activities. We don't need such unscrupulous star." The CEO ignored Sher's words and announced ruthlessly that the company had punished Emily.
	Emily felt shocked. Sher knew that Emily had crossed the company's bottom line this time. Seeing that Emily wanted to defend herself, she said a word to the CEO in a hurry and took Emily away.
	It was not end up well, if Emily offended someone ruthlessly. Then she would be thoroughly out of this circle.
	After she analyzed the pros and cons of the game, Sher warned Emily "you need to stay at home and behave yourself during this period. Don't be too arrogant and think that you are a popular female star. You are just an abandoned person in this circle."
	Under the sunglasses, her eyes were full of hatred. It was all Melinda's fault to come to this!
	After the press conference, many media made an interview. Melinda, a small studio established as a writer, began to be busy. Victor also gave her freedom. He just asked her not to be delayed of company's affairs.
	Most of the news was about how she got through these days that she was framed up. With the cyber violence, a star who jumped off the building. As a writer, Melinda didn't usually attend any activities, only being half a public figure.
	Melinda thought that she could have made it with the help of her friends and unwillingness. However, Victor and the public relations department did not agree and describe her as a poor person who had been framed.
	The more pitiful she was, the more concerns they were.
	Jonas took advantage of his friends to gather many media to publicize the news. To make matters more exaggerated, he was able to bring the topic of the chamber of Commerce to the literary circle and greatly marveled at it.
	A lot of people condemned Emily and Sandy for that. Sandy had run away at the moment that Emily left home.
	On the other hand, Emily watched all the news at home every day. She could tell that no one stood by the side of her.
	She was the mouse in the dark, looking at Melinda enviously.
	"Boss, the finance manager is coming." The manager, in his thirties, stood beside William. A pair of glasses was hanging on the bridge of his nose, and there was a shrewd look in his eyes. But he was actually very nervous and nervous at this moment.
	The manager recalled whether he had made some serious mistakes recently, but couldn't figure out the reason of the boss want to talk to him. William was also confused. In this way, the manager stood at the door of the CEO office and heard the person inside. "Come in."
	"You can go in now. Boss is in a good mood recently. It should be fine." William said to the manager in a low voice and tried to comfort him.
	The manager nodded and opened the office door. Jonas stood up from his seat and pointed to the sofa for him. The secretary brought in two cups of coffee.
	"Boss, is there anything important you want to talk to me today?"
	"I want to turn a novel into a TV series and make it into a grand one." Jonas drank some coffee and said slowly. He planned to use the name of his own, but since it was for the backer of Melinda, it was better to use the name of the company.
	Nelson would surely agree with him when he knew it.
	The manager of the financial department breathed a sigh of relief. He now knew that they were here for this matter. "Boss, do you have any detailed plan?"
	"Someone is following us."
	"Boss, are the company is the one investor?" The manager asked in shock. If that was the case, it would cost a lot, and Jonas nodded affirmatively.
	Due to the aura around Jonas, the manager had to swallow back any words or complaints.
	Jonas then asked him to do a lot of things, and also asked him to handle with other departments. In short, he trusted them, but if he couldn't complete this task well, he could directly hand in his resignation letter.
	He planned to buy the copyright of her novel and turned it into a TV series. If a novel was made into a TV series, it would be as if studied abroad and was plated with a layer of gold.
	He supported her in his own way.
	When the news came to the company of Melinda, everybody in the department congratulated her though they were envious of her. They all kept their mouth shut about what happened in the past.
	According to the information on the Internet, people knew that Melinda was not only under the protection of Victor, but also valued by Jonas, the CEO of Soaring Group. He bought her book's copyright and was ready to make a larger TV series.
	No one in A City would question Jonas's ability. The latest literary circle would be in a hot topic.
	"Congratulations! You have a happy ending!" Victor initially mocked her, but on the other hand, he felt pity for her. This was the way she went through. He realized that she might have given up for many times, and finally she had been through it.
	"I would like to thank you for your patronage, Mr. Cheng. How about having dinner with us today?"
	Melinda said with a smile. In fact, she had planned to do that after the press conference. However, she was so busy at that time that it was delayed until now. 
Chapter 193 In The Same Boat
	"Is this a victory banquet?"
	"Sort of," Melinda replied after a moment's reflection, in order to ease the relationship between her and colleagues. After all, too many things had happened.
	But fortunately, the past was past. She was in a good mood because of the happy event, and she would not take those people's words seriously.
	"Let me join you. It's a treat to the colleagues." Victor made a good excuse, leaving Melinda no excuse to refuse him. And then he announced the news about the dinner in the staff group of his company.
	Melinda had already booked the restaurant. When it was time to go off work in the evening, the staffs of the company were divided into two or three, heading to the restaurant, which was bustling.
	The banquet was very lively. People all gave Melinda face. At the dinner time, those who were incited by the crowd to act, draw lots with wine bottles, and whoever was ordered couldn't refuse.
	A group of people were having dinner, boisterously, but Michelle did not show up. The people in the same department with her said that she was not feeling well, so she went home.
	"Is Michelle Yu the one who helped Emily?" Melinda whispered to Victor in a low voice when no one noticed her.
	After the press conference, she was busy dealing with the media. And this matter was handled by Victor. At this time, when Melinda asked, he just nodded, but said nothing.
	"No one can refuse money," Melinda murmured, and took a sip of the fruit wine, depressed. The fresh fruit flavor covered the taste of alcohol well, and did not burn her throat. It was just that this kind of alcohol was very strong.
	Most of the men sitting by the side of Victor were all toasting to him and Melinda. Taking advantage of this opportunity to cotton up to him, he concerned about her in this way and didn't let her drink too much.
	The crowd didn't leave until it was eight o'clock. There were only two of them left. Melinda was slightly drunk, but she was still sober. Victor was drunk with his face red.
	"These people are really horrible."
	Victor rubbed his temples as he spoke, and then Melinda asked the waiter for a glass of water for him.
	After he drank the warm water, Victor felt much better. He leaned back on his seat lazily. Just when Melinda felt that he was about to fall asleep, he suddenly opened his mouth and said, "Melinda, have I told you about my ex-wife?"
	"You've mentioned once before."
	Victor said that he had also been divorced, but he didn't talk much about his ex-wife. Melinda didn't know much about him, let alone learn more about the people around him.
	He sighed and was really a little drunk. At this time, he had the mood to confess in front of Melinda. He wanted to take advantage of this opportunity to tell what had happened in the past as a story.
	"You know that I'm a notorious playboy, right?" The expression in Victor's eyes was somewhat unreadable, as if he was self-mocking or confused.
	Victor had settled down his mind to live a calm life, but it became even worse after the divorce.
	"Maybe in the eyes of your people, I'm rich. But in her eyes, I'm just poor. I'm just a relative of a rich family. At last, she fell in love with a man who is richer than me.
	During those days, we had fights every day. She talked a lot to me. It was from that time that I started this company seriously."
	He really told her the story of the past that made him feel a little unbearable. As expected, Melinda still looked so calm.
	"In the end, I also got tired of the marriage. So I agreed to divorce with her," said Victor, and many things were skipped by him. From his expression, Melinda could tell that he must be in a bad mood at that time.
	Maybe he had made an effort to retain her, or he had a temper, or something else had happened, but the final result was that he and his wife had divorced.
	"I think you are quite encouraging," Melinda said with a smile on her face, as if it was magical, making people feel a sense of warmth.
	She spoke as usual, just like a casual conversation, but for some reason people turned their attention to her, as if they would miss her words and feel regret.
	Sometimes, language was a charming thing. The person who talked well always had a unique temperament.
	Melinda had struggled in the dark muddy land, and was more yearning for sunshine. At that time, the sunlight was always far away from her, so she had lived into a warm look.
	"Not as good as you," Victor said. There was a trace of sadness in his eyes. He thought, 'Maybe she doesn't know that I'm Jonas's cousin even by now.'
	The so-called rich relative referred to the Gu family.
	"I'm conquering everyone with my own ability, okay?"
	She pretended to be proud, just like a little kid in the kindergarten got a praise from teachers on Friday.
	She felt proud and happy.
	"Well, I hope you can support my company in the future. The famous writer, Melinda."
	Victor finished his sentence, and Melinda laughed out loud. However, in the next second, she stopped and looked in a direction with a sense of loss.
	When Victor mentioned his ex-wife, Melinda couldn't help but think of Jonas.
	"Have you thought about getting her back?" The question was asked without consideration. Melinda bit her lips in a bit of chagrin. However, before she could make a response, Victor had answered, "Yes.
	As you women always say, the best is to get what you can't get and what you lose is the best. I was busy at that time in order to make the company better and I hoped she could come back to me."
	Victor's words implied that he was an excellent female friend now and that he knew women very well.
	"Do you want to dump her again after getting her?" Melinda asked Victor as she looked at him. She thought that she was really drunk. How could she take Victor as Jonas and ask such a question?
	Victor was a little surprised by her question. "Maybe," he answered after thinking for a while.
	No one was willing to admit that they were the losers in love, so they used such a childish way to prove that they were the winner.
	But they never thought that such a relationship would end up with both sides being hurt.
	"Why did you divorce with your ex-husband?" After opening the talking gate, Victor couldn't help but ask. Melinda was playing with the cup in her hand, and answered as if nothing had happened, "It's the same."
	Jonas liked Emily, so she chose to quit. From this point of view, she and Victor were really pathetic in the same boat.
	"You still love him, don't you?"
	Victor said in a certain tone. Every time, though Melinda tended to avoid when facing Jonas, she had no choice but to accept what she could do.
	She tolerated the people she loved. If it was anyone else, Melinda would be absolutely merciless.
	"I will let it go, sooner or later," Melinda said with a smile, but in her heart, there seemed to be a little person refuting the words.
	The two of them were chatting randomly. Seeing that it was not early, Melinda suggested, "You have drunk a lot. Let me call a designated driver for you."
	"No, thanks. I have a room upstairs. Be careful when you go back. Call me when you arrive home." Every time they had dinner together, Victor would get drunk, so he would book a room in the hotel above the restaurant, and the living assistant would send his clothes to the hotel the next day.
	It was getting late when Melinda came home by taxi. After washing her face and rinsing her mouth, she found that Jonas had sent her many messages.
	"I'm going to rest."
	Holding her phone in her hand, Melinda hesitated for a long time. Finally, she sent a message to Jonas and then threw her phone away.
	Jonas had been waiting for the response of Melinda. He clicked on the message excitedly. Seeing the message, he felt like being poured cold water on him.
	Tonight, in the restaurant, when he saw that Melinda was smiling at Victor, he really wanted to go over and break everything. At last, he managed to bear it. Now when he calmed down, he began to panic.
	He was worried that Melinda would leave him because of Victor.
	He couldn't help but pay close attention to Melinda. What he got from her was that she was getting closer to Victor. After what happened last time, her attitude towards Victor changed a lot.
	As an old saying goes, "a clean hand wants no washing." Melinda didn't have to avoid contacting with Victor. She did not deliberately avoid getting along with him, just like treating an ordinary friend.
	Victor was a smart man. He saw the changes of Melinda and the way they got along with each other quietly, which made both of them feel comfortable and give each other more chances to get along with each other.
	When Jonas knew this, he could only be anxious in his heart. He walked back and forth, which made Nelson's eyes almost turn blue. Queena was sitting next to him, with her eyes closed and her head rubbing.
	"Jonas, what happened?" Since when did Jonas behave like this at home? Even if he had something to deal with, he would deal with it in the small villa by himself.
	When his mother asked him, Jonas turned to Nelson and managed to say, "Grandpa, it has been a long time since the last time you saw Linda."
	Nelson was stunned, but soon smiled. He thought, 'It seems that the reason why Jonas has done so much is to ask me, an old man, to help him.'
	"What? You miss her? You pissed her off, didn't you?" Nelson calmly drank the tea, and even told Queena the story and background of the tea, in order to ignore Jonas.
	"Dad, look how worried Jonas is. Just help him." Queena still cared about her son. Seeing his mother standing by his side, Jonas felt relieved.
	Nelson was a little hesitant. Now he didn't want Melinda to do anything that would make herself unhappy because of anyone.
	If he proposed to meet Melinda, she would naturally not refuse.
	"Without Melinda, the house is a little desolate," Nelson said in an emotion, and finally agreed to have a talk with Melinda. The anxiety on the face of Jonas faded a little. Queena put in a good word for Jonas to comfort Nelson. 
Chapter 194 Beauty Saving The Hero
	Nelson was a decisive person. After being persuaded by Queena, and he also missed Melinda, he immediately asked Gavin to arrange a car for him to Melinda's apartment.
	After the last dinner, Melinda felt a little uncomfortable in her stomach. She ate light food these two days. As a result, she was caught by Nelson on the spot.
	"Why do you eat so casually? You had lost a lot of weight. Now, you are going to be skinny." Nelson's eyes were full of pity. What he said was full of his reproachful emotion.
	Melinda wanted to explain, but she feared that Nelson would feel sorry for her if he knew that she had hurt her stomach because of the gathering and drinking. So she just closed her mouth, without saying anything, and listened with her head down to his awkward concern.
	Nelson chattered for a while, but Melinda didn't say a word. At last, she stood aside with a glass of water in her hand.
	"Grandpa, drink some water." Melinda had a deep and graceful smile, which made people want to smile with her.
	Nelson had no immunity to her smile. His pretending to be serious just now disappeared in an instant.
	"You naughty girl," Nelson sighed with profound resignation. Melinda helped him to sit down on the sofa, and Nelson took a sip of the water to calm himself down. When the glass of water fell, he hesitated and finally opened his mouth, "Linda, move back. No one dares to make you suffer once I can protect you."
	The smile on Melinda's face suddenly froze, and then she said vaguely, "Grandpa, I live here very well."
	"Jonas has realized his mistake. He... Please give each other a chance and go home." Nelson sighed deeply at the mention of Jonas. He had been lack of confidence since he tried to convince Melinda to go back home.
	Melinda still didn't change her mind. She just shook her head with a smile. Nelson knew her stubbornness, so he didn't expect her to come back to the Gu's mansion.
	"It has been such a long time since that happened and all the misunderstandings have been proved to be mistakes. Why don't you two sit down and have a good talk? Would you like to have a meal together?"
	Nelson looked at her with hope. This was his last struggle. Although a meal could not represent anything, it at least had two people to clear up all the misunderstandings.
	Instead of agreeing to his request or refusing it immediately, she thought for a long time before she nodded and said, "Okay, I will have a meal with him in peace."
	They could act as if they hadn't had any difficulties in their relationship for the last several years and they could be just friends.
	Nelson breathed a sigh of relief. He had been worried that he would fail when he came here.
	The restaurant was reserved by Nelson. It was a private restaurant owned by the Soaring Group, and only people from Gu's family would come to have dinner at this restaurant. If he wasn't worried about Melinda's unhappiness, he almost wanted to prepare the meal in Gu's mansion.
	The interior decoration was in a pastoral style, not magnificent as people said. Led by a waiter, Melinda walked into a private room, but she did not neglect the curiosity in the waiter's eyes.
	This private room was private to Nelson. And today, there came Jonas. As the person who could enter this room and let Jonas wait for her, Melinda seemed to have a magic color on herself in the waiters' eyes.
	Not long after Melinda sat down, the manager opened the door and led a group of waiters to place the dishes on the wooden table.
	The small round wooden table was filled with food all of a sudden. Melinda was sitting opposite to Jonas. But under the excuse of closing the door, Jonas turned around and sat next to Melinda.
	"You used to like this restaurant the most, especially these dishes. Today they are cooked by the chief. Have a try."
	While saying that, Jonas picked up some food with his chopsticks and put it into Melinda's bowl. Looking at the food in her bowl, Melinda found it was the food she liked.
	She didn't know when he got to know her preferences. She didn't say anything and went on eating.
	It was a good example to show "no speaking during the meal". Sitting aside, Jonas was anxious, but could do nothing. In the end, Melinda spoke first, "I came here today to thank you for the record you gave me in the press conference. Thank you."
	With tea in hand, Melinda raised her cup and looked at Jonas with a pair of pure seductive eyes. No one dared to look into these eyes if they were guilty now.
	"You don't have to thank me."
	With these words, Jonas removed the glass from Melinda's hand, and held her hand. Melinda was so thin that when she drew her hand back quickly, Jonas didn't dare to hold her hand too hard as he was afraid that if he used much strength, her hand would break.
	"Linda, can we go home now? We are all worried about you." 'Especially me, ' Jonas thought to himself. He could not help but recall the times when he met with Melinda and how she looked like beside Victor.
	If he were not a relative of his mother, he would have dealt with him personally.
	"Jonas, if you mention this again, it's pointless to eat this meal," Melinda said coldly. And Jonas stopped talking instantly.
	This meal in the view of Jonas, was an important step to reduce the tension between them. It was a good progress that Melinda was willing to go out for dinner with him.
	"Linda, don't get angry. I won't mention it again." Jonas was afraid that Melinda might feel uncomfortable and not be able to enjoy the meal happily, so he promised her.
	"Jonas, we can be good friends," Melinda said sincerely. Lover? A couple? She couldn't stand it anymore.
	"But I like you. I just want to be with you, not in a fake name like a good friend."
	Jonas was stubborn to show his feelings, and he would never give up Melinda. Melinda looked sullen. "I'm going to the lady's room," said Melinda.
	There was no toilet in the private room, so Melinda went to the public toilet outside. Although the private restaurant was only used to receive people from the Gu family, there were a lot of guests in the lobby, and these people were no exception, all business partners with the Gu family.
	Or they could be distant relatives of the Gu family just like Victor.
	Melinda stood beside the sink for a long time before she came to her senses. She warned herself that she had promised grandpa that she would be calm and have a peaceful meal.
	'Melinda, don't be angry. You cannot get angry, ' Melinda repeated her words silently while rubbing her face.
	She walked upstairs absentmindedly, paying no attention to the surroundings. At the sight of her, Victor thought he must be mistaken. He called her tentatively, "Melinda?"
	She paused, as if she had heard someone calling her name, and until then did Victor realize that it was Melinda. He strode over, and greeted her pleasantly, "Melinda, are you having dinner here too?"
	"Mr. Cheng,"
	Melinda greeted. "What a coincidence. If you don't mind, you can come with me," she smiled politely.
	The atmosphere with Jonas made her a little depressed. If Victor were here, perhaps it would be more comfortable, and Melinda had a little plan in her mind.
	Victor had planned to invite Melinda to have a meal, but unexpectedly, she made the offer first. Victor agreed with pleasure.
	However, as Melinda led the way, Victor felt confused. Although he was a distant relative, he had to know something common, in case he angered his family.
	For example, the room that Melinda led him into was Nelson's.
	"Here it is." Smiling, Melinda pushed the door open and walked in, and then Victor's eyes met Jonas's.
	He stood there, sensing Jonas's powerful aura.
	Melinda closed the door and walked to the opposite side of Jonas. She said to Victor enthusiastically, "There are not many dishes. I hope you don't mind."
	The table was full of dishes, which showed that Melinda just said those out of politeness. As soon as Victor came back to his senses, he selectively ignored the existence of Jonas, and then sat down beside Melinda, paying no attention to Jonas's feelings.
	Jonas's eyes became deeper and more difficult to guess, but the cold atmosphere around him was definitely not as gentle as when he was with Melinda.
	"Linda, your seat is over here. I have always heard of Mr. Cheng's name. Now I finally see you. I want to have a good chat." Seeing the bright smile on Jonas's face, Melinda felt it creepy. She was taken to the seat which she sat at the beginning by Jonas before she could sit down.
	Jonas sat between her and Victor.
	But Victor was still calm. And they really had a chat.
	They didn't share any same topic, but they were able to continue the conversation.
	Melinda was shocked by this. She looked at them, but the expression on both of their faces was impeccable.
	"I lost the first draft of Mel that day by accident, which freaked me out. Fortunately, I had a backup before the accident..." Victor recalled the incident that day and described his history with Melinda in a dubious tone.
	"But I still have to thank Mr. Jonas. Without your recording, we would not have been so smooth." Victor was a man who liked stabbing others in the face with a smile. It was the case that Jonas had a quarrel with Melinda because of the recording, and now Victor just brought it up deliberately.
	If it were in the past, Jonas would absolutely leave and people would know the consequences of provoking him later. But today because of the presence of Melinda, he had said what he had discussed earlier and embarrassed himself.
	At the same time, in Emily's apartment, there were many paper on the table, on which there were various plans as the headlines, but all of them were blurred.
	Emily sat at the desk with a pen in her hand, frowning. Then she threw the pen on the desk with a bang, mixed the paper and threw it into the trash can.
	There was the last piece of paper on the table, with words "beauty saving the hero".
Chapter 195 Turn Over
	Emily's finger fell on the paper, a cunning smile appearing on the corner of her mouth. She fancied this plan in her mind and felt that it was very suitable.
	She didn't have much savings in her credit card, but she still hired some bodyguards to work for her.
	Her plan was simple. She planned to kidnap Jonas when he went back home and save the hero. Naturally, it was her, Emily, who stood out. Jonas was affectionate, so he would surely be grateful to her.
	Emily thought it was a perfect plan. She not only knew Jonas's character, but also knew his schedule of daily life. Only by knowing all of these could she implement this plan perfectly.
	Soon, Emily showed up in a hidden building group. The building was a little shabby, but many people knew that the gang was here.
	Most of them are people who do things with money.
	Emily had talked to the person who was in charge of, and told them that she needed a few strong men to help her out, but she couldn't give them the specific time. There were knife scars all over these people, and they was ferocious at first glance. With satisfaction, Emily told them her plan.
	"This way, he won't be hurt. Do you understand?" Emily was afraid that the group of people did not understand, so she asked carefully. The few strong men nodded at the same time.
	The smile on Emily's face immediately relaxed a lot. When she thought of the perfect plan, her face became brighter.
	Instead of rushing back to her apartment, she walked towards a coffee shop. Today she not only invited this group of people, but also an old friend she had met two years ago.
	There was a secret relationship between her and that person.
	If it was someone else, Emily would never want to see, but she could not help having a little expectation on that person.
	The coffee shop was the Starbucks in a shopping mall. Emily wore sunglasses and mask, and her hair was unbound. When she approached the coffee shop, she was recognized by the person at a glance.
	If Melinda was here now, she would be very shocked. The man looked like Jonas mostly. With the aid of makeup, people who were not familiar with Jonas might easily mistake him for Jonas.
	There was a great difference between their imposing manner. This man looked gloomy in the dark, while Jonas looked sharp and fierce in the high position.
	"Here you are." His voice sounded creepy, and the malicious and frightening expression appeared in his eyes. When Emily saw him again, she was still frightened by him.
	"Long time no see."
	After she came to herself, Emily looked at the face that she missed so much. She was a little obsessed with this face. The coffee shop was really not a proper place for the person in front of her, but Emily did not care.
	This was what she expected. Those things that she couldn't do with Jonas should be done by the person in front of her.
	In the following days, Emily was very close to that man. One of the media accidentally came across them and couldn't help but follow them for several days.
	The man looked quite like Jonas. The media there must be a lot of articles to make up the story. Although Emily was not famous now, Jonas was famous.
	At the thought of this, the media was excited. They wrote a lot of reports and released it that night. At the beginning, the heat on the Internet was calm, but with the increasing of repost, the reading views soared. On the hot topics on Weibo in the middle of the night, it was Emily Bai, who had disappeared from the public's sight for a long time.
	The more intense the trend was, on the early morning of the next day, three articles concerning Emily had been the hottest topic on Weibo. As there was no news from the Soaring Group, the netizens did not dare to say anything more.
	Emily's Weibo was extremely lively. Emily was woken up by a phone call from her agent, but Sher rarely sounded kind on the phone.
	"The superior asked you to come to the company. This is a chance. Seize it."
	There was a hint of excitement in Sher's capable voice. Emily was first stunned, and then realized something.
	She had been hitting the headlines these days, not because she was sure that no one would recognize her, but because she wanted to bring herself back to the screen.
	And what Sher said confirmed her guess in her heart.
	"Got it," Emily said calmly. Then she began to put on airs before she got the final result.
	Once again facing the CEO, Emily's aura was different from before, but under the agent's hint, she was much calmer.
	The CEO took out a dozen of photos, all of which were of Emily and the mysterious man. The man had always worn a cap, and most of the time only showed his side face.
	But his side face looked exactly like that of Jonas.
	The boss thought highly of Emily in this matter.
	"Is the man on the photo your friend?" the CEO asked in an implicit voice, but the excitement in his eyes betrayed him.
	"Yes."
	Seeing this, Emily nodded without hesitation. Her image had long collapsed, so she didn't need to act like an innocent girl in front of the CEO.
	The expression in her eyes indicated that she did these on purpose.
	"I have a new play that will be very suitable for him to act. Do you want to introduce him to me? If he is popular, everyone won't forget your kindness," the CEO said. He would never have any chance to ask Jonas to act in the rest of his life. But people who looked like Jonas really made him excited.
	The CEO's words attracted Emily. She had already been banished from the entertainment industry. However, the CEO's words gave her hope.
	As long as one was clever, he or she knew what to do. Sher couldn't help smiling. But Emily's words surprised everyone.
	"Sorry, I refuse."
	The smile on the corner of her lips was almost dazzling in the CEO's eyes, but she didn't seem to sense that. And his easygoing words immediately disappeared.
	Her actions made Sher angry.
	"Emily, I hope you can understand your situation now. If you do not agree, you will be banished forever. Even if the contract is over, you will not be able to have anyone take over you then." The CEO's face darkened and he threatened Emily with a threatening tone.
	Emily's reputation was not as good as before, and she still had contract with the company for a long time. If she was banished for a long time, there would be no fans at all. The company's warning was not so simple, and they would try their best to maintain the fame of Emily in the beginning.
	However, the fame was so unbearable that Emily couldn't turn over, and the news that leaked out was absolutely negative.
	Emily was smart enough to know the stakes. She could no longer smile.
	"You are a smart girl. You should think it over. If you agree, you will be the leading role of the play."
	The CEO also made a step back and used a bait for Emily. Emily was pleased that everything was under her control, but she still acted like she was in a dilemma.
	She had to keep her thoughts a secret, or she would have a bad ending again.
	Hearing CEO's words, Sher became excited. Now he was giving Emily the chance to act as the leading role.
	"Okay, I agree," Emily finally agreed. She believed that if it was she and Jerry Xi who acted in this play, it would be really hot.
	Whether she could turn over this time depended on the play.
	"That's enough. If you don't have anything else to say, you can leave now. You can get this thing done as soon as possible." The CEO was not in the mood to talk with Emily, and he did not expect to hand in his last trump card so soon. Originally, they had planned to threaten Emily with banishing, but unexpectedly, Emily was bold this time.
	Emily left with satisfaction. Sher worried that the same thing would happen again, so she kept nagging Emily to pay attention to it. Emily was annoyed, but she knew that Sher would definitely be the best agent if she turned over.
	Thinking of this, she endured it.
	"Your friend... Do you need me to go with you?" Sher was a professional manager. Having been in this industry for a long time, she had a good taste.
	Besides, she was really good at persuading people. She could list a lot of beautiful conditions in an instant.
	"No, thanks."
	Emily turned her down without hesitation. Sher's face darkened instantly. The smile on her face was gone. "I have something to deal with for other artists in the company. I will go first," she said.
	After leaving the company, Emily called Jerry. She knew where Jerry lived in A City. Not long after the call, Emily appeared in the apartment where Jerry lived.
	The relationship between her and Jerry was very subtle. After coming to the door, Emily directly spoke out her purpose. "Are you willing to act in the play?"
	"I haven't acted. I need to think about it." Jerry was very calm, so calm that sometimes people would feel scared. Emily knew his temper and did not say much. "You can just tell me when you have made up your mind. But it won't last for too long."
	It was impossible to make it hot all the time. There wasn't much time left for her in the company.
	At the same time, Melinda began to discuss the contract of shooting her own novel with Jonas. The staffs of the studio were all devoted to logistic work, so they handed the negotiation thing over to Melinda.
	"The leading man put his fingers under the chin of the leading female role and approached her slowly... Like this?" Jonas read the book and imitated the content to do the same thing to Melinda, which made him feel very interesting.
	Melinda's face suddenly froze. She regretted that she wrote romantic novels. She slapped back Jonas's hand and looked at him gloomily.
	"The scriptwriter will pay attention to this plot." Melinda just wanted to leave here as soon as possible. But since it was a rare chance to be with her, Jonas wouldn't give it up easily. 
Chapter 196 Sleeping Together
	Jonas liked to see Melinda like this, which made him feel particularly funny and adorable.
	He didn't care much about being pushed away by Melinda. Instead, he put the finger, which had touched her chin, near his lips. The evil and attractive look on his face had subverted Melinda's understanding of the cold man in front of her.
	She even started to suspect that was this person exactly the one she knew?
	But her earlobe became red and was about to drip blood as she looked at Jonas movement.
	Jonas was satisfied with what he saw.
	He resumed his serious manner and began to look through the contract carefully. The contract was drew up by himself. Most of the terms suggested were for the benefits of Melinda, but there were some terms that made her unhappy.
	It was a matter of personal interests. But the point was Jonas could offer her such great benefits there. It depended on whether she would like to eat this honey or not.
	Being a writer, Melinda expected her designs to be recognized by more people. Her colleagues also hoped that she could win the contract.
	But when the investor was Jonas, she felt so strange.
	"I have to discuss with the studio about the contract." The teasing expression in Jonas's eyes made Melinda tremble, so she casually found an excuse.
	But it didn't matter to Jonas. He supported his head with his hands and looked at Melinda. His cold and sharp eyebrows softened at this time. His eyes were deep, as if they were obsidian, attracting people all the time.
	"I remember that my first requirement of cooperation is that you have the decision-making right all the time." Even if the company would suffer losses, they still wanted to get it. After all, the result was the most important.
	Jonas was a celebrity. It was hard not to make the TV play a hit.
	Hearing this, Melinda was stunned. It was not until now that she had remembered about that condition. She felt somewhat embarrassed. Unconsciously, she talked about the contract with Jonas.
	But within three seconds, the topic was changed.
	"Mr. Jonas, if you are too busy to talk about this matter with me today, I can go back first." The corners of Melinda's mouth lifted into a smile, and the calmness in her eyes could no longer be maintained.
	"It's late. Let's have a meal first and then we can continue our talk." Jonas agreed with what Melinda said, but deliberately misinterpreted her words, saying that it was late, so he took her to the staff canteen for a meal.
	He made an excuse that he wanted to finish this business today, but he only had little time, so they had to talk while eating. However, when they were eating, he didn't talk about anything serious, except that he attracted a lot of onlookers.
	Melinda returned to the company with unhappiness. She was depressed when others asked her about the contract. Her colleagues thought she must have encountered a problem.
	After all, the business partner she negotiated with was not an ordinary person.
	"Don't give yourself too much pressure. We all know that Mr. Gu is not an easy-going man, but it's okay if we talk about it slowly."
	"I'm okay." Melinda shook her head. This was not the case at all. She would not be afraid if Jonas had a good talk. But his frivolous behavior really made her helpless.
	If she went to tell others about it, they might think that she was dreaming about something.
	However, despite her worries, Melinda still had to discuss the contract. She had already notified the company and would not work in the company as long as nothing special happened recently.
	She really wanted to clone herself to do those work.
	Jonas always treated the guests in the reception room, but he always took her to his own office whenever Melinda came. So Melinda was familiar with this these days.
	Jonas was really busy. The big Soaring Group had a lot of industries. It dealt with a lot of things every day. When Melinda came here this time, Jonas was in a video conference.
	"Wait me for a moment. There are your favorite snacks in the lounge and you can go inside to find them yourself. I won't finish it in a short time. If you are tired, you can have a rest on the bed. Your clothes are in the wardrobe."
	After saying "excuse me" to the person in the video, Jonas walked up to Melinda and said to her. Melinda was about to leave, but Jonas stopped her in this way.
	Without any explanation, he pushed Melinda into the lounge, and then returned to his seat.
	As expected, this meeting would take some time. At the beginning, Melinda was sitting on the chair, then lying on the bed and reading a book. Unconsciously, she became sleepy.
	"Make the summary of the meeting and give it to me." After the meeting, Jonas couldn't help but to rub his temples. The company was expanding overseas business and the workload was too much.
	William nodded. Then he saw that boss went to the lounge without closing the video. If his memory served him right, the boss's wife was in the lounge.
	Looking at Melinda who was sleeping, Jonas couldn't help smiling and had the mind to rest with her.
	Jonas was always ready to take actions once he thought of it. So he changed his clothes and lay down beside Melinda carefully. She was really tired recently. She didn't notice there was another man beside her but moved her body uncomfortably.
	Coincidentally, she was held in the arms by Jonas.
	Smelling the familiar scent, Jonas couldn't help but bury his head in the neck of Melinda. Feeling uncomfortable, Melinda frowned and patted Jonas's head. With a grunt, she shrank into the arms of Jonas.
	In an instant, Jonas felt that his whole heart was filled with happiness.
	He closed his eyes with satisfaction. Melinda had a good sleep. When she woke up again, it was in the afternoon and she felt warm and comfortable.
	But she didn't know why she couldn't move.
	Perplexed, Melinda opened her eyes and touched Jonas's chest. Her eyes widened in surprise when she saw the man in front of her.
	"Linda, stop," Jonas murmured as usual. Feeling anxious, Melinda pushed him away in a hurry, sitting beside the bed and thinking about what had happened.
	Jonas woke up too. Seeing that Melinda was sitting there in a daze, he couldn't help but feel a little worried.
	Melinda was annoyed. How could she fall asleep like this? She then quickly got up and went to the office as if nothing had happened.
	William hadn't left yet. When their eyes met, Melinda was embarrassed and didn't know what to do. At this moment, Jonas walked out while buttoning up his shirt.
	The ambiguous scene of them shocked William. He opened his eyes wide and then left quickly.
	This episode made Melinda unable to calm down and have a good talk about the contract. She had been absent-minded all the time. Jonas had thought that she would say something, but he did not expect her to be so calm.
	There was a knock on the door. Jonas said to the door in a low voice, "Come in."
	Almost everyone who was familiar with Jonas knew that he was in a bad mood at this time.
	The secretary came in with several contracts in her hands. She was dressed in a white business suit, with a delicate make-up and a delicate hairstyle.
	"Sir, these documents need your signature." As soon as the secretary spoke, Melinda couldn't help but rub her arm. Her voice was really, really soft.
	"Come here."
	Jonas looked at Melinda and said to the secretary in a soft voice. The secretary was surprised to see the pleasant smile on his face. They usually saw the cold expression on his face. She hadn't seen him smile for so long since she worked here.
	Being excited, the secretary came to the side of Jonas and looked closely at his handsome face, which made her blush and her heart beat faster.
	"Sir," the secretary said in a soft voice, with her whole body almost leaning on Jonas. Standing aside and looking at it indifferently, Melinda had a feeling of discomfort in her heart.
	"Where do I need to sign?" Jonas said. Meanwhile, his secretary opened several documents and pointed at the place where he needed to sign. Then she showed her cleavage quickly.
	Melinda's eyelids twitched. The secretary noticed that there was another person in the office. She looked at Melinda unhappily, and then she ingratiated herself with Jonas. "Mr. Jonas, don't you have to look through the papers?"
	"No, I believe you." The secretary was even more excited. After preparing for a long time, she finally got the chance.
	The secretary had been flattering Jonas. Standing aside, Melinda didn't say anything, but her face darkened.
	After Jonas signed several documents while Melinda was in torture, the secretary left. But thinking of her purpose, she held her head high.
	After the secretary left, Melinda couldn't help but ask, "Is that how you lead your company? !"
	Frivolous, profligate, these words suddenly rushed into Melinda's mind, and all of them were describing the person who looked at her playfully.
	"What?" Jonas prolonged his voice and stood up from his seat. As he approached, Melinda felt her heart beat faster.
	She felt her heart was going to jump out of her chest.
	Her pupils dilated a lot. Jonas reached out and pinched her chin, his tone frivolous and serious. "I was not like this before. If you want me to change, then come back."
	His words sounded like he was blaming her for making him a jerk and it was all because of the fact that Melinda had left. Melinda was forced to look into his eyes which were with strong feelings that she dared not look into his eyes.
	But then she realized that she didn't do anything wrong and she should not feel guilty. Melinda goggled her eyes and looked at Jonas. It seemed to make her feel that she didn't lose.
	The finger pulp, which was a little rough, pinched her chin. His breath went into her nose continuously, making Melinda want to cry. 
Chapter 197 Play With Her
	Melinda had complicated feelings. When she came back to her senses, she felt that her cheeks were wet. In a hurry, she pushed off Jonas, turned around and left. As she reached to her eyes, a drop of tear fell down from her cheek.
	As soon as she opened the door, the secretary happened to come in with a cup of coffee. Seeing her, the secretary smiled with mockery and walked into the office.
	Melinda did not notice the irony of the secretary.
	After Melinda left, Jonas stood still. He was very sad as he saw Melinda crying, as if his heart was gripped by something.
	"Mr. Jonas." The secretary appeared behind Jonas, winking her eyes. She thought she was pretty, fiddling with her hair, hoping that Jonas could let her stand beside him as just now.
	"Get out," Emma said coldly, without taking a look at the woman. He did that just now just to provoke Melinda. He felt sick just thinking about it now.
	He was happy when he finally achieved his goal. But the tears on Melinda's face just now made him regret. He was still so childish to do something that made her sad.
	Melinda did not know he was annoyed. The secretary didn't know what she had done wrong to make Jonas's attitude changed so much. She wanted to try again to flirt with him.
	But she was a smart girl. Moreover, men didn't cherish the thing which was easy to get.
	Melinda hadn't come to the company for the next few days, and she hadn't mentioned anything about cooperation. Instead, the secretary dressed in an exaggerated way that she wished she could appear in front of Jonas all the time.
	"I think you should know how to behave yourself," Jonas said in an indifferent tone. It seemed that the person in front of him was not a woman, but a piece of wood.
	When the secretary came in, her whole dress was split to the top and all the fabric was exposed.
	And the fabric was made of lace, and everyone could understand what it meant, but when the secretary saw that Jonas began to teach her in a serious way, her face suddenly changed. Thinking of the past several days, Jonas's attitude became even colder, and her heart fell heavily, and she rushed toward Jonas.
	But she hit awkwardly on the chair. Jonas dodged it immediately and his face turned dark. He fired the secretary immediately.
	In fact, he had decided to get rid of that trouble as soon as possible, though he had prepared to irritate Melinda. After all, in order to prevent a future trouble from happening, he had better solve it in advance.
	In the quiet apartment, the young man was stroking the photo in his hand. The expression in his eyes was complicated, with nostalgia and hatred.
	He couldn't help but recall the scene of the woman in the photo dying two years ago. Even death wouldn't relieve her, and she died with the hatred.
	Jerry looked at his mother in the photos. In his memory, his mother seldom smiled, and she had always been depressed. She used her own life to look forward to a person who would never return.
	He hadn't seen his father before, but he knew who he was. His mother had intended to conceal it from him, but since he looked like his father, he could guess who his father was as long as he paid more attention to him.
	Jonas's father, who was Jerry's father, was also someone that Jerry hated to the core.
	As for his biological father, he had only endless resentment without any family affection. If he hadn't played with his mother's feelings, his mother wouldn't have been so miserable.
	It was also from then on that Jerry started his revenge plan. He was very smart and was good at hiding his true colors. He even hid his real strength well these years.
	It was just that he didn't know much about people around Jonas, and he couldn't find a way to get close to him. At this time, he noticed Emily.
	Being a popular actress, she was liked by a lot of people because of her pure personality. Everyone was guessing who was behind her.
	But what surprised the media was that the person behind her was Jonas. He didn't dodge the media's report, but just declared that he was the one who was protecting Emily.
	At that time, when he just gained a firm foothold in Soaring Group, he protected Emily in such a tough manner. Everyone thought that was true love.
	But this news was blocked by Nelson very quickly and few people knew it. And Jerry got to know it because he had been paying attention to the Gu family all the time.
	Jerry thought so, too. He went to the Soaring Group secretly to observe and copy some words and behaviors of Jonas, so that he could look more like him.
	With eyes fixed on Jonas for several days, Jerry was like a madman every night, imitating Jonas in front of the mirror.
	'It's just too hard.'
	This was what Jerry felt. Even though they looked like each other, he couldn't imitate him easily. The most difficult thing to learn was the momentum from Jonas.
	As a man who had grown up in the dark, he couldn't act in a dominating manner like Jonas, but that was enough.
	Everything would be fine as long as Emily noticed him. All this was done by Jerry for safety.
	Emily was so popular at that time that it was not easy for him to get close to Emily. At that time, Jerry spent a lot of time, even following Emily more diligently than the paparazzi.
	Compared with Emily's pure image, the way she behaved was totally different. Emily wanted to become a sexy beauty, but the company didn't agree with it and they thought there was no market for such an image.
	Emily's face, which was not deceptive in many cases, to a large extent, limited her route.
	She had lost her image as a sexy actress.
	But what made her happy was that she had been a great success on the way with the pure image, but all she got along with was tiredness. She had to pay attention to her words and behaviors all the time. She wanted herself to act like a naive and funny little girl from time to time.
	Emily tried all kinds of ways to please people, but she just couldn't hold on any longer, so she began to be violent. At that time, her agent had paid a lot of hush money for being discovered by the public.
	In serious cases, members of Emily's team were forbidden to use electronic products, because they were afraid of Emily being photographed.
	Emily, on the other hand, didn't live up to the care of her agent. For the whole night, she changed into another outfit, went to the supermarket and bought lots of wine. And she was drinking excessively on the bench of the park alone.
	She didn't want to stay at home. Home was too large and empty, which made her more upset.
	Jerry also noticed that, so when Emily bought wine and came to the park, he sat on the opposite lawn and looked at her all the time.
	She did not drink in any way. Whenever she opened and blew, no matter what wine it was, she drank in such a rude way.
	Mixed drinks make people drunk easily. Emily drunk up all the wine in the bag, feeling all dizzy. Today she was so irritable that she didn't return home. She just fell asleep on the bench.
	Her body curled up into a small ball. Jerry stood nearby and looked at her. He didn't get close to her until he was sure that she was drunk.
	"Hello."
	Jerry stretched out his hand and poked Emily's cheek. Emily opened her eyes in a daze. She shook her head fiercely and blinked her eyes in the hope of sobering up a little.
	"Jonas,"
	Emily cried happily. Touching that familiar face with her fingers, she seemed to be comforted and behaved like a kitten.
	She murmured the name of Jonas. With a sense of coolness, she came so close to Jerry, which made Emily happier, just as she remembered.
	She reached out and hugged Jerry, who was stunned and then struck back madly.
	Being a hot blooded man, he was tempted by Emily.
	"Honey, shall we go home?" His voice rose slightly at the end, but people felt that he was speaking clumsily and his tone was different from that of Jonas. But drunk, Emily nodded continuously.
	When they arrived at Jerry's home, the park was next to his apartment. As soon as they entered the door, they couldn't help but get closer to each other.
	The name Emily murmured was still the same as before.
	The last thing Jerry wanted all his life was to be compared with Jonas. And Emily of course would irritate him.
	Emily held Jerry tightly, not letting him go.
	"Jonas, you finally talk to me."
	The next day, Emily woke up with a distressed feeling.
	"Ah." Emily opened her eyes and found that she was in a strange place. Thinking of what had happened between her and Jonas last night, she shrank back to the person next to her.
Chapter 198 Cheated
	Feeling the movement, Jerry woke up.
	Emily couldn't help smiling with satisfaction. She thought that she was so attractive to Jonas.
	Before Jerry had time to make any move, Emily turned over and sat up. When their eyes met, she was stunned and froze in place.
	The person in front of her wasn't Jonas! She got nervous. Jerry let out a muffled groan, and his eyes were immediately filled with haze.
	Emily's struggle ended in being lost in thought.
	"Who... Who are you?" asked Emily, half sober.
	"You started it." As Jerry spoke, Emily did not have a chance to speak. Everything was over, and the two lay down again.
	The quilt made Emily feel uncomfortable. Jerry told Emily everything about what happened last night. Emily believed everything. She didn't dare to make any trouble for Jerry, so she left in a hurry.
	Thinking of what happened that night, Jerry's eyes turned red.
	He placed the photo on the place where it had been, and thought to himself, 'I'm sure I'll avenge for my mother.'
	The Internet was full of news about Emily and him. He was a step closer to success.
	As soon as Melinda arrived at the company, she heard many people talking about the name "Emily". This name hadn't appeared in her life for a long time, but someone mentioned it and let her to pay attention to it reflexively.
	"The man really looks like the CEO of Soaring Group. I must take him for that CEO if I am not careful."
	"Yeah, if it weren't for the mysterious man, I would have thought he was Mr. Jonas of Soaring Group."
	"No one can say for sure. Maybe he is. He might use another identity."
	The crowd was talking about it. Melinda turned on the computer and searched online according to the words she just heard.
	News about Emily and the mysterious man spread all over the place. Not to mention others, even Melinda was almost mistaken for the person in front of her. She thought it must be Jonas.
	But when she looked at him carefully, she found that there were many differences.
	It was a heated discussion by the public right now. There were various versions. Among them, people said that Emily had found a plastic surgery man, who looked exactly like Jonas. It seemed that she really loved Jonas.
	'They do look alike, ' Melinda sighed in her heart. She read several more news posts, from which there were many pictures of different angles and bore a striking similarity.
	"Mel, don't you have cooperation with Mr. Jonas recently? Do they look like each other?" A colleague saw Melinda and she could not help asking. Melinda compared the man on the screen and concluded, "They do look the same."
	But she was sure that they were not the same person.
	Melinda walked to the tea room and called Jonas, trying to figure out what was going on.
	"Linda, you haven't come to the company recently. Do you miss me?" Seeing that it was from Melinda, Jonas looked much more radiant. He was also teasing her.
	This was his favorite thing to do recently. He felt like he had returned to his teenage years, childish but pure.
	Melinda was totally confused and felt uncomfortable with his frivolous behavior.
	"I've been busy lately." Melinda made up an excuse to be perfunctory, but Jonas insisted, "It doesn't matter. I have nothing else to do. If you miss me, I can go to see you. If you have changed your mind, you can just call me. I will wait for you 24 hours a day."
	Although Jonas was teasing her, he was telling the truth. Melinda chose to get to the point. "Have you seen the news on the Internet?"
	"What news?" Jonas was well-informed and it was hard for him to imagine what news he needed to know from Melinda. Even though he said so, he still opened the website.
	The first news pushed on the Internet was about Emily and a mysterious man. The only person that could draw attention to Melinda was Emily. Therefore, Jonas clicked in it without thinking.
	When he saw the photo of Jerry, he was also shocked. Then came the anxious voice from the other side of the phone, "Have you checked the Internet? There is news about Emily and the mysterious man."
	"Yes, I saw it," Jonas said as he watched the news. Hearing Melinda's anxious voice, he comforted her, "It's quite normal. There are a lot of people who look alike."
	'You call me just for this? Linda, don't you admit that you care about me?' Thinking of this, the corners of Jonas's mouth couldn't help smiling happily. His cold heart was instantly cured these days.
	Seeing that he changed the topic so quickly, Melinda was helpless.
	But since Jonas didn't feel anything wrong, she didn't need to worry about it.
	"That's all right." After saying that, Melinda hung up the phone. She was still wondering whether there were people in the world who looked like the twins.
	The thing seemed to be normal, but the way that Jonas looked like, the more she thought about it, the more painful her head became, and then she simply gave up.
	Since Jonas knew it, he certainly knew what to do.
	In Soaring Group, in the CEO office, Jonas was hung up by Melinda and he seemed very calm. Now he was used to the way she treated him. It was a bit self-abuse for him.
	"William."
	Though feeling normal, he developed a cautious habit. After William came in, Jonas asked him to investigate the people in the photos.
	The man who had shown up together with Emily was even more intriguing.
	This was why Melinda was so nervous, and Jonas didn't pay much attention to it after the investigation, he should have thought more about how to coax his wife instead of wasting his time on these people.
	William soon found a detective to investigate the man. Jerry's identity had been identified as a mysterious man by Emily's company, so he hid it. But if the people hired by Jonas could not find out that, Jonas would no longer be the CEO of Soaring Group.
	William's movement with the documents was a little weird. He opened his mouth and closed, but did not say a word. The man who had brought the documents over mentioned it, so he knew the identity of that man now.
	He wondered how the CEO would feel when he saw this document.
	The first was the detailed information of Jerry, including his age, height, and his photo.
	On the second side was his mother. When he saw the woman on the photo, Jonas was surprised. His memory was very good from childhood, so he also had an impression of this woman.
	This was the woman who his father had an affair with. It was not hard to imagine that this Jerry was very likely to be his younger brother.
	He was his father's illegitimate child!
	Jonas was annoyed by the report, why did this man emerged at this time? But he had no choice but to ask William to have a report on the DNA test of him and Jerry.
	Melinda would be absolutely shocked if she saw this paper. However, she was still full of doubts at the moment. The longer she looked at the two, the more she felt that they looked like each other.
	The thought that Emily was with a man who looked like Jonas made Melinda sick.
	"Emily is really getting more and more vile. She can make me sick even when we don't see each other," Melinda mumbled.
	At this time, Emily was at her home, receiving Jerry.
	After they sat down on the sofa, Emily took a bottle of drink for Jerry and said, "This is the only drink at home."
	"It's okay. I am not picky," Jerry said indifferently, looking at Emily. She wore a white chiffon long dress, with off the shoulder design, revealing her beautiful collarbone and slender shoulders.
	"You said last time that you would give me a chance to act the hero of the movie. Do you still remember it?"
	Jerry was a calm and terrible person. Even though he had a lot of thoughts in his mind, he did not forget his own business.
	Emily was very happy that Jerry took the initiative to talk about it. Jerry had only said that he would consider it before, but now he seemed to have other purposes.
	Now Emily thought that she had the initiative.
	"Of course. Have you made up your mind?" Emily said firmly. It happened that the company urged her today. If she didn't reach an agreement, the company would give up.
	"I have thought it over and I agree." Thinking of the gap between him and Jonas, thinking of the tragic death of his mother, Jerry made up his mind.
	"I can help you get it, but you have to promise me one thing," Emily said as if she was sure that she would succeed. Her eyes were fixed on Jerry, and the man's eyes were also deep and ferocious.
	As if he had made great breakthrough and was ready to stand in the sunshine. 
Chapter 199 It's My Pleasure
	Emily's heart skipped a beat. She felt like she was making a deal with the devil. It was obvious that she was the one who put forward this, but why the one who took control was like Jerry.
	However, since she had said that, there was no room for regret.
	She had no other choice but to do that.
	The people in the company were also pressing step by step, but now she needed the help of Jerry to complete her previous plan.
	'To win or I perish.' Emily was now a gambler, and crazy gamblers had always the courage to go all out.
	"What do you want?"
	Jerry was alone, and there was nothing to fear. It was hatred that supported him all these years. Every step he took now was closer to take revenge.
	Emily was the best stepping stone among them.
	"It's very simple. You should have seen the news on the Internet. Those people, including me, noticed you because of your face. It looks like someone."
	Emily told him the truth without any hiding, just to tell Jerry the sincerity of their cooperation.
	Jerry laughed. Of course he knew, and he knew better than anyone else why he looked like that man, just because they had the similar blood.
	And the blood made him sick.
	"You mean Jonas?"
	"It seems that you have found the news about him. He was my lover before, but he has changed his mind now. I want to get him back and need your help."
	Emily said seriously about her love with Jonas. Others might think it was general story, but to Jerry, it was different.
	His mother, just like Emily, was tricked by the disgusting father and son of Gu family, so she ended up like this.
	"Just tell me the plan." Jerry's tone softened a lot.
	He didn't want to see the tragedy of his mother repeat. He wanted to do something else.
	Emily spoke out her plan without hesitation, "you look like him. As long as you sre attracted by him, he will definitely look for you. At that time, we'll take this opportunity to take advantages.
	The moment Jerry thought about Jonas, Jerry was thrilled and agreed without hesitation.
	"I think your plan is very good. I will try my best to cooperate then."
	Jerry was very expectant about this plan and even began to tell Emily about it, when it was beyond Emily's notice.
	"It seems that you hate him very much." In their short conversation, Emily could tell from Jerry's disgust and resentment to Jonas. Thinking about Jerry's identity, she wasn't surprised that Jerry in such a bad attitude to Jonas.
	"Who will like someone who looks like himself? Even the twins may hate the other one."
	Jerry perfunctorily said. He was reluctant to mention more about his background and past, but when he saw that Emily was still suspicious, he could not help but purse his lips tightly.
	He began to hesitate if he should tell Emily about all this.
	After all, they were partners, yet. She was so frank with him, but he chose to hide it from Emily. Although at the beginning, he only approached Emily with a purpose, but from this moment on, there were too many variables.
	"I don't think so." Emily said, induced Jerry to tell everything.
	Looking at Emily's eyes, Jerry felt that he seemed to know everything. It was not a good feeling, but when he seriously guessed, he could find that this might be a Emily's attempt.
	"In fact, I knew I looked like him a long time ago, or perhaps, from the time I was a child,"
	Jerry was lost in his memory. His mother had always been looking forward to meeting his father, who was a heart breaker, but his mother was unwilling to give up. She often sneaked into the Gu's mansion with Jerry, so he had seen Jonas since childhood.
	At that time, he would ask his mother, was that his brother? Why did his father have another son?
	He didn't know that they both inherited their fathers and had different mothers.
	They looked more like each other when they were children. But they were not at the same age
	"In fact, I'm an illegitimate child of the Gu family, but none of them knows my existence." Jerry's eyes darkened again. He was a life without any expectations, and he seemed to have an identity that could only be hidden in the dark all his life, which made him full of misfortune since his childhood.
	He tried hard to change everything, but in the end, he were filled with hatred.
	He kept on talking about his past. Emily did not listen to him very carefully, but she did not interrupt him until Jerry stopped.
	"In fact, I have known your identity for a long time." Emily opened the bottle of drink and took a sip of it. He looked just like Jonas so that she noticed him.
	She had also heard about the Jonas's father's unfaithfulness, and she doubted it at that time.
	As a result, both of them were just using each other. There was no outsider involved in this matter. Jerry was stunned for a moment, and then laughed. He didn't care much about it. The moment he approached Emily, he knew he would go to the public.
	After all, reputation was the most important thing for those so-called powerful families. As long as he appeared, his identity would be investigated by someone.
	"I can help you, but you should also help me rise to fame. And you have to make me be even better than Jonas."
	Jerry's eyes were full of malicious and insidious light. He said it with great ambition, which was his wish from childhood to surpass that of Jonas. He wanted to let his father know how big a mistake it was for him to abandon his mother.
	He not only lost a woman who loved him, but also an excellent son.
	Thinking that he could beat Jonas, who was groveling to him, Jerry burst into laughter.
	Emily looked at him in horror. There was only one word left in her heart -- "mad".
	Jerry was absolutely crazy, with such crazy thoughts and laughter. For the first time, Emily began to doubt if he was normal.
	"What a good target be better than Jonas!" A playful smile appeared on Emily's face. She couldn't help laughing when she thought of that scene.
	But there was a difference between her and Jerry. She was still rational. No matter how difficult she was in a situation, she was unable to help him to defeat Jonas. Even if he was the one she loved, she would never help him surpass Jonas.
	"It's very exciting, isn't it?"
	Every time he felt that he couldn't live, that was what he was thinking. With this faith, he had been walking all the way to this day.
	"It is very exciting, so I will try my best to help you. I just hope you don't let me down."
	At this time, they were partners. Even if it was impossible, Emily would agree. Her smile was unpredictable. As soon as he saw her, he only smiled.
	Both of them had their own plans. They seemed to be both honest and sincere.
	After both of them reached their ends, Jerry proposed to leave. Emily did not stay, but prepared her own plan again. Now everything was ready, and only the last step was about Jonas.
	At this time, Jonas sat in his office and looked at the documents on the table, lost in thought. He only knew that his parents had no feelings for each other. They were being together just because of their ambitions.
	Both of them had an affair. But what he didn't expect that they all had bastards. It was sad when he thought about this.
	Fortunately, he grew up with grandpa and he didn't need it at all.
	However… Jonas looked at the people in the file hesitantly. Jerry seldom smiled, but on his ID card it was a smiling photo. He was only a few years older than Jerry, but his experience and the description of people around him seemed to be an old man who had aged for a long time.
	To live the most lonely and original life.
	This was his brother. Jonas closed his eyes and his mind was in a mess. He didn't know what to do.
	"Maybe I should meet him and make an acquaintance with him."
	Jonas thought, he looked through the files again. He had kept it from his grandpa temporarily, and he had warned William over and over again.
	As for the news, when he found out the identity of Jerry, Jonas had asked the public relations department of Soaring Group to control it. The people in the Gu's mansion should not know it yet.
	Thinking of this, Jonas suddenly realized that he had forgotten one person. That was Melinda. 'If she talks this with grandpa…'
	However, Melinda was smart enough to figure it out if he did something strange. What's more, Melinda said she didn't want to talk to him a few days ago.
	Jonas took out the phone and called Jerry. Jerry answered the phone before it was hung up.
	"Hello."
	"Jerry? I'm Jonas. "
	Since Jonas said his name directly. Jonas had tried his best to protect his family from being attacked. No matter Jerry knew his identity or not, he must have guessed it.
	Jerry kept silence. In fact, this was the first time that he had talked to Jonas. Although it was merely a few words, for no reason, he felt that the gap between them was so obvious.
	"What's up?"
	He was cold to Jonas, but Jonas didn't care. He thought it was normal.
	"I guess you have known who you are. Let's meet." Jonas did not use any intrigue in the business world. He just came straight to the point and chatted with Jerry.
	Jerry didn't expect that he could be so arrogant, and then Jerry felt that he was looked down upon.
	"Okay. It's my pleasure."
Chapter 200 Being Abducted
	It seemed that Jerry was very pleased to meet Jonas, and even looked forward to it.
	"How about this afternoon?" Jonas thought about his schedule and asked. His relationship with Jerry was complicated, but at least he maintained the things that a brother should do.
	He didn't have many relatives. Some of them were his uncle's families who want to get Soaring Group. Although Jerry was a bastard of his father, he was quite close to him by blood.
	Jonas just don't know his character. If he has ambition…
	Jonas slightly narrowed his eyes like a sleeping lion, which would wait for a chance to wake up. People could not help but hold 100% of attention to deal with it.
	However, at this time, Jerry did not know.
	"I have something to do this afternoon. What about tomorrow?" Jerry thought that Emily still needed some time to make arrangement, tomorrow is suitable.
	He had been waiting for a long time, so he was not in a hurry.
	"Okay, I'll send you the address later." Jonas said. Since it was tomorrow afternoon, he could handle his work for tomorrow afternoon.
	When Jerry heard that Jonas booked the place, Jerry got very anxious and said, "I'm afraid that I can't find you. The good places you have reserved are all hidden in A City. Let me make the reservation."
	It is good Jerry to make the reservation. If Jonas took a lot of his man, then everything would be in vain. Jerry was glad that he had thought of such an important point.
	Jonas didn't think much before, and now he had his suspicions, but he didn't take it seriously. It was because of Jonas's carelessness that he paid for it.
	It was a trap that Jonas didn't know.
	Jerry told Emily that Jonas will comes to him. Emily had booked an address for him. It was a coffee shop in a relatively remote location, and there were very few customers at ordinary times. The boss of the shop was an actress who had a run-around. These were all known to her after she deliberately got to know it.
	"I'll give you their contact information. You just do what I planned." Emily trusted Jerry very much, and felt like a power holder who could control the whole situation without noticing the change at all.
	"Okay, I'll arrange it. I won't let you down." Jerry promised. He couldn't wait to see the scene that he would defeat Jonas tomorrow.
	Thinking of that Jonas looked terrified and surprised, Jerry felt a burst of happiness in his heart.
	The next morning, Jerry brought all the people to the coffee shop and required them to dress well and to have a guest look at every corner of the coffee shop, waiting for his reminder.
	Jerry had also bribed the owner of the coffee shop last night. Today, it was the day that no guests were allowed in. There were two staffs of relatives of the boss.
	"Sit down here. I'll beat the table. Remember to act fast. Make sure nobody leaves before we close the door." Jerry ordered them. Their seats were specially arranged.
	In the coffee shop, some people were sitting at every exit, and it was a tendency of semi encirclement. They must be able to catch Jonas at the first time.
	It could be said that he had tried his best.
	They had an appointment with each other at 3 o'clock in the afternoon. Those people all sat at their seats, with different food placed in front of them and eating at will. They were like ordinary guests, and two special of them sat at the nearest seat to Jerry.
	Both of them were the most skillful fighter inside, while Jerry sat near the window.
	In fact, Jonas didn't tell this to anyone. He just told William that he had some personal matters to deal with, so he drove to this unknown small shop. If it hadn't been for the help of navigation, Jonas wouldn't have found this place.
	Although he hadn't met Jerry before, his eyes were fixed on the man sitting by the window. At the same time, Jerry also saw him and waved at him.
	The caf é was on the second floor. Jonas was walking up the steps. He just felt the caf é was too quiet.
	It was the first time for him to visit such a cafe, a place where no a lot of people would gather and have fun at 3 p.m. for people who hadn't played piano or violin or other shows there.
	Afraid that he wouldn't know the seat if he went upstairs, Jerry stood up. Seeing that Jonas waved when he came up, the waiter immediately followed and helped him to order food.
	Seeing such a handsome man, the waiter had an impulse to ignore her cousin and help the man in front of her.
	"Hello, sir. What can I do for you?" The waiter asked each customer as usual, but Jerry took a dissatisfied look at her, which made her even more nervous.
	"As same as him." Jonas pointed at Jerry and said. The waiter nodded and left in a hurry, while Jerry pointed at the coffee and dessert in front of him and asked in surprise, "Do you like the same taste as me?"
	Now Jerry called him brother to come closer. Hearing this, Jonas felt a little uncomfortable, but he didn't say anything.
	"All right."
	He had a good appetite, so coffee wasn't his requirement. He didn't drink coffee at this time, but it didn't matter what he would drink as long as he met the person.
	He preferred tea just because of Melinda.
	This sentence sounded like a mockery. Jonas didn't care about the food they ate at all.
	Once the persistence in the heart was deeply rooted, it would be terrible. And Jerry would be such a kind of person.
	"I should have asked you to book the address. These dishes don't suit your taste."
	Jerry said. Jonas was told that there was something wrong with his tone. Jonas swallowed back what he wanted to say.
	Sometimes his sharp tongue made people crazy, but it also made people helpless.
	In his eyes, such words were nothing more than ridicule.
	"I didn't expect you to come here." Jerry stirred the coffee in front of him, but his eyes were looking out of the window and were very sad. Jonas knew that he was growing up with his mother since he was a child, and that woman died two years ago. In fact, Jerry was even more unfortunate than him.
	"After all, you are father's son." Jonas was honest. If it was not his father's child, he even wouldn't look at him. It was just looks like, but now when Jonas saw the person, he could find that it was only seven percent, not as exaggerated as the photo.
	"I didn't have a good impression of him."
	As he spoke, Jerry lowered his eyes, which were filled with surging hatred. His impression of that man was only resentment. If he had taken responsibility, his mother would not have died so miserably.
	In fact, Jonas had no idea whether his father knew he had a son outside.
	"Your mother… didn't she take you to see him?"
	Even if he was an illegitimate child, in the form of Gu family at that time, it was very easy to accept Jerry.
	However, he might be the one who suffered the most after that incident.
	Jonas knew it clearly. Maybe at that time he would go crazy and turned the whole Gu family upside down.
	And it was at that time that his attitude towards marriage turned into a state of indifference, with only power in his eyes.
	When his grandpa said that he could trade marriage for power, he agreed without hesitation. But now he could only say that the world was full of unforeseen events.
	The reason why people always thought they didn't love someone was that they hadn't met someone they were willing to give in.
	"No, she didn't." The momentum on Jerry's body began to change. He was the same as the man who hid into darkness.
	"You hate him." Jonas was so smart and sensible that he figured it out in an instant. Hearing this, Jerry seemed to be irritated, raised his eyes and glared at him.
	"Of course I hate him. He has done so many things that hurt my mother. Do I have to look up to him? That's impossible. I wish I could cut him into pieces. "
	Jerry said excitedly. His mother's craziness for that man flashed back in his mind. Before she died, she had even failed to see that man again. She had spent the rest of her life with regrets and died with regrets.
	And all this was brought by that man. He shouted that man's sin and was so excited that he slammed his hand hard on the table.
	In the quiet coffee shop, he immediately became the focus. Those strong men who had received the order quickly stood up from their seats and soon surrounded Jonas.
	Looking at the situation in front of him, he finally realized that something was wrong. It turned out to be a banquet of ambush.
	Even if he had good fighting skills, there was no much room for him to use in this place. The strong men immediately controlled him without saying a word. After a long time, Jerry calmed down. Seeing that Jonas was tied, he laughed.
	He really wanted to let everyone in A City know what a terrible situation it was now.
	The first floor of the coffee house was a storage room. Now, all the rooms were empty as a room to imprison people. It was difficult to find this room if not a person in the coffee shop.
	Emily soon got the news. She had been waiting nearby. At this time, she couldn't wait to appear in the cafe. When she saw Jonas was tied up by several people, and it was Jerry who was the mastermind, she immediately shouted angrily, "let go of him!"
	"Let him go. Are you kidding me?"
	Seeing Emily winking at him, he asked two men to stop her. Before Emily dialed the number for help, her phone fell to the ground.
	"Take them all there."
	Jerry looked at the two people and gave them a mocking smiles, Jonas did not say anything, while Emily was indignant and tried to reason with Jerry. Finally, under his threat, she shut up unwillingly. 
Chapter 201 A Distorted Mind
	At this moment, Emily's bodyguards rushed to protect her. However, Jerry held a fork and pressed it against her artery. If he used a little more force, Emily's neck would surely bleed.
	The bloody scene was frightening.
	Emily was also shocked. This was completely different from what she had imagined. At this time, Jerry should be attracted by her, and her bodyguard took the opportunity to rescue Jonas
	She didn't pay much attention to Jerry's order just now. She thought it was more real by doing so.
	But his next move was completely off the track. Those bodyguards were no match for the strong men. They were threatened, they became weakened.
	"Jerry, do you know what are you doing?" Emily looked at Jerry in a panic and asked with a trembling voice. She suddenly found that this Jerry was very different from the one she knew.
	He is more sinister, vicious and as ferocious as the strong men.
	"What do you mean?" Emily asked in a low voice, but Jerry held the fork even tighter. She panicked and asked the bodyguards to step back.
	"I'm sorry. I want to take my revenge."
	Jerry said in a low voice, and ignored Emily who was struggling. He asked his man to take Jonas and Emily to the place he had prepared in advance. That was a real dark room, only a very high place, with a small window.
	Jonas was thrown to the ground. The expensive suit cloth rubbed against the floor and tore up. He didn't blink his eyes, just paying attention to his surroundings.
	"Jerry, you can't do that. Aren't you going to be famous? You will only destroy yourself if you keep doing that. " Emily tried to persuade him, but Jerry stayed calm. Looking at Jonas who was left behind by them, he stepped forward and kicked him hard. Seeming to be dissatisfied, Jerry grabbed Jonas and punched him hard.
	Seeing this, Emily couldn't bear to close her eyes, and ran over to grab Jerry's hand and begged, "Jerry, please don't hit him. I beg you not to hit him. Something bad will happen."
	Jonas was such a person of high status, if there was an accident, Nelson would definitely get angry, not only Jerry, but also herself wouldn't get away with it.
	Emily finally knew what it meant by bringing a wolf into her house.
	"He got into trouble. I'd like to see who could save him now." Jerry did not care about it at all and even said arrogantly. Then he reached out and pushed Emily away with a strong force, thinking that women were really troublesome.
	Thinking of this, Jerry pointed to two strong men and told them to drive Emily away and leave him alone.
	Jonas and Jerry looked at each other for no reason, making Jerry feel that he was disgraced. Thinking of this, his hand was more violent.
	"Aren't you very arrogant?" As Jerry spoke, he threw another punch at Jonas who curled up in pain and groaned.
	"Aren't you the young master of the Gu family? You really make me happy. "
	The more Jerry beat, the more excited he was. Although Jonas was tied up with the rope, he tried his best to avoid being beaten to the bone.
	He said nothing, but it seemed like thousands of words. Seeing that he didn't say anything to beg for mercy, Jerry felt even more upset.
	Being blocked aside, Emily could do nothing but watch Jonas being beaten. She was worried and suddenly her eyes lit up and her hands were searching in her trouser pockets.
	She always had two phones. One of them was doing something private.
	It was the phone that she had used to contact those men and bodyguards that was in her pocket. A hint of surprise flashed through Emily's eyes. Those men still respected her, they looked at her, but they didn't take it seriously.
	Obviously, they did not think Emily was a threat to them.
	Emily took out her phone with her trembling finger and pressed the three numbers, then she heard Jerry's dark voice.
	"I've recorded the kidnapping plan. If you want to call the police, then let's meet in prison together."
	She could not dial anymore.
	Her face was pale. She weakly leaned against the wall and looked at Jonas in despair. There was a hint of guilty in her eyes.
	It was her narcissistic self-righteous that caused the injury to Jonas.
	Seeing this, Jonas didn't say anything. His dark eyes were as bright as obsidian, as if there was a sea of stars in his eyes.
	Those narrow-minded people felt ashamed of themselves and only wanted to destroy it.
	Jerry was very satisfied with Emily's reaction at this time. He even put his hand on Emily's shoulder in a good mood and said, "smart people will know what to do."
	Emily subconsciously looked at Jonas again. He seemed to not feel the pain, even in such a messy environment.
	His suit had been ruined and the floor was bumpy and uneven. Jonas looked at Jerry in front of him.
	He had planned to see what kind of person Jerry was and then think of what measures to take, but Jonas did not expect to be framed first.
	It was rare for him to be framed like this. How brave Jerry was!
	As long as he went out alive, it would be the time of Jerry's death. Thinking of it darkly, Jonas looked up at Emily's complex expression, Jonas felt speechless.
	He used to think that Emily was innocent, but it turned out that he was blind. It was obviously due to the foolishness of himself.
	Schemed by such a woman, Jonas felt he was so bad.
	"Jonas, I..." Emily looked at Jonas and wanted to explain something, but Jonny just took a glance at her and looked away, as if he had met something disgusting.
	It seemed that Emily was stabbed by a fishbone in this attitude. When Jerry saw it, he laughed in an instant with a very unruly voice.
	"Have you seen him? This is the man you like."
	Jerry provoked Emily. Recalling that when he was with Emily for the first time, she called the name of Jonas, so Jerry couldn't help but be furious.
	"Jerry, don't go too far." Emily couldn't stand it anymore. She looked at Jerry with disgust, which just like how Jonas looked at her.
	"He is way out of line. There is nothing to be proud of compared with him."
	Jerry looked at Emily with his eyes extremely red. 'If Jonas was miserable, how about my mother?'
	In those years his mother so missed his so-called father that she became mad and hurt herself. Where was he?
	When she was depressed and then died. Maybe h family was having a good time, and no one thought of Jerry's mother and him.
	One thing Emily did wrong was to trust a man whose mind was distorted.
	Jerry stood in front of Jonas again and looked down at him. But no matter how embarrassed Jonas was, he didn't show any weakness.
	"Jonas, you should take the blame for your father's mistakes. If it weren't for your mother and you, he wouldn't abandon my mother, and my mother wouldn't die."
	Jerry murmured. Since he couldn't find his father, he asked Jonas to make an apology.
	So let them pay for it.
	Without saying a word, Jonas lay on the ground, pretending to be a dead man, but he thought to himself, 'that man is also your father.'
	Thinking of his father's dissolute affair, Jonas was speechless too.
	Jerry was only wearing a vest, and he was much thinner than Jonas.
	He was not as tall as Jonas. Although his father didn't pay attention to them, he still gave his mother a lot of money. Therefore, Jerry had not suffered any hardship in these years.
	However, when spending these money, he was hating, but relying on it.
	"Why don't you stop talking? Are you afraid? Ah! " Jerry, regardless of anything, directly hit the face of Jonas, which was suddenly black and blue. Jonny's face turned to one side, and blood flowed down the edge of his lips.
	The scene was frightening. Although Emily had covered her mouth with her hand, the men stood still as if they were watching a scene in daily life.
	"Don't forget his blood is all over you." Although Jonas didn't talk, he acted as if he knew what Jerry was talking about. Jonas said it really hurt Jerry. As a result, Jerry was irritated crazily, and he hit Jonas over and over again.
	Even though he was tied up, he had been working out often and his body was flexible. The more Jonas dodged, the more fiercely the force in Jerry's hand was, and it seemed that Jerry wanted to kill him directly.
	But he didn't dare to do so. Although he was crazy, he cherished his life. He couldn't hide the disappearance of Jonas. At that time, Nelson would definitely step in.
	'If I was caught, I would be in an end.'
	Of course, if something happened to Jonas, Nelson may treasure on Jerry, or when Nelson was irritated and suffered, Jerry could probably take the opportunity and make use of the media's influence, winning over the position of Soaring Group.
	But all of this was based on the fact that there was no Aron and his son in Soaring Group.
	So he couldn't take the risk.
	Just because of Jonas's words, Jerry was stimulated to lose control for a long time. Those bodyguards reminded him to stop on time.
	Jerry stood there, out of breath. When he saw that Jonas was no movement on the ground, he couldn't help kicking. He cursed in his heart.
	"Jonas! Jonas! Are you okay?" Seeing that Jerry didn't fight anymore, Emily quickly ran to Jonas, but Jonas, who hadn't made any noise just now, rolled over and fell to the other side.
	Emily's hand froze and the whole place was full of laughter. 
Chapter 202 The Discovery
	In the Gu's mansion, Nelson was sitting alone at the table in the main villa, and Gavin had been taking care of him beside him for ten years.
	The more crowded the servants around him, the more desolate and lonely Nelson looked now. Looking at the dishes on the table, Nelson didn't eat for a long time.
	"Mr Nelson, don't you like the food today? I'll tell the cook to prepare something new."
	Gavin saw Nelson put down his chopsticks. His wrinkled face was full of worry. He glanced at the door from time to time.
	The young master didn't bring young lady back, but he himself disappeared.
	"It's been a few days since we met last time. Why don't he call me? He is getting more and more annoying."
	Nelson put down his face. Although he was old, he was shrewd. But the wrinkles were dense, indicating that he was worried.
	He hoped that there was some new progress since Jonas did not come back home these days, but a few days passed and it was time to bring her back home.
	Nelson was speechless. When Gavin saw it, he was so nervous about his young master. He smiled and said to Nelson, "Maybe it's because the two of them have made up and they are happy now."
	"Happy? No matter how excited they are, he should at least give me a piece of news. If he make up with Linda, he should take her back. Isn't it improper staying outside?" Nelson rolled his eyes and became angrier.
	Linda was the one whom everyone wanted to go back home and it was improper to hide her outside?
	Gavin smiled awkwardly. He knew that he couldn't save young master this time. Every time he spoke for him in front of Nelson, he would risk his life.
	Nelson scolded Jonas as he was mad at him. But Jonas was his grandson after all, and he had been worried about him since he did not come back home these days. Nelson could hardly sit at the table. He ran to the couch and dialed the number in Jonas's office.
	The staff in the office called William in unison when they received the number from the Gu's mansion.
	"Mr. Nelson, what can I do for you?"
	William had always been the bridge between Nelson and Jonas, and he was also the one who was familiar with the Gu's mansion in the CEO office, so he respected Nelson more than anyone else.
	By now, he was clearer what Nelson called here for.
	When he thought of the fact that the boss hadn't shown up for several days, the group of people in the secretarial room were all very busy. They even had to split up their strength to deal with Aron's men.
	William had tears in his eyes.
	"Where is your boss? In the company?"
	asked Nelson in a hurry as soon as the phone was connected, but his concern seemed to be full of thorns and he didn't want to be noticed. William had been accustomed to the attitude of Nelson to Jonas, and could not help smiling.
	But later, the smile on her face gradually froze. Nelson was looking for the boss? 'The boss has been staying at home these days, hasn't he?'
	William's smile froze on his face as he had noticed that there was something wrong.
	"Boss didn't come to the company these days. I thought he was at home... Mr. Nelson, is there anything wrong?" William swallowed hard and asked. A touch of remorse appeared on his face instantly.
	The boss had been gone for a few days, but he, as his personal secretary, didn't notice anything and even thought that he was at home.
	But it was not all his fault. Jonas didn't like others to ask where he was going.
	Hearing this, Nelson was in a better mood than Jonas's secretary. He guessed that Jonas might have a good relationship with Melinda.
	He was still very optimistic. He said to William, "It's okay. You can go to work now."
	After hanging up the phone, Nelson called Melinda's number. His memory has begun to go, but Melinda's number was very clear.
	It was lunch break. Melinda was about to go out for lunch when she received a call from the Gu's mansion. She was a little surprised, too. Since the lunch that day, Jonas had never appeared.
	Could it be him now?
	"Hello." Melinda made a gesture to her colleague and sat down again. Her voice was clear and somewhat perturbed.
	She didn't feel anything when Jonas was chasing after her. Keeping in touch after these days made her nervous.
	But she began to comfort herself secretly in her heart. See, what Jonas said was just a joke. Otherwise, he would not have disappeared for so many days. If he suffered from a blow, she would first not believe it.
	"Linda, how are you doing?" Nelson was always amiable when he talked to Melinda. His amiable behavior reminded Melinda of her own grandfather easily.
	She was wearing a set of business suit and sat in her office. Her chin was in her left hand, and her right hand was holding her cell phone, which made her look like she was not awake. But if someone called her, her eyes would be as bright as the stars.
	She slightly raised the corners of her mouth and curled her eyes, as if she were acting like a spoiled child. She said, "Grandpa, I'm fine. Have you taken good care of yourself? Are you feeling well recently? Although the food I gave you last time is not worth much, it is good for your health. Remember to eat..."
	After Melinda went on for a long time, Nelson felt much better. The girl cared about him from the bottom of her heart.
	Gavin was a little worried when he saw the look on Nelson's face. Then he reminded his master not to forget to ask about the whereabouts of his young master.
	Nelson smiled in embarrassment. He had not contacted with Linda for a long time and had forgotten his purpose after nagging.
	"Linda, is Jonas with you recently?" The question sounds a bit tricky. If it was true, Melinda's face would definitely turn red, but at this moment she was completely confused.
	When was Jonas with her? "Grandpa, I haven't seen him for several days."
	Melinda was frank with him. There was no response from him for a long time, which made her realize that there was something wrong. Nelson seldom called her to ask about the whereabouts of Jonas. Could it be...
	Melinda became more and more anxious. She asked with concern, "Grandpa, what happened to him?"
	"I'm not sure yet. But Linda, if you don't know where he is now, he should be missing for a few days."
	From the serious expression on Nelson's face, Gavin knew that something bad had happened. Though he was still in the high position, he actually had a lot of dangers behind him.
	Especially when it came to Jonas. Behind him, there were a group of people, including Aron, who were glaring at him.
	"How long have you lost contact?" Melinda stood up excitedly. The colleagues who had not left the Department looked at her up and down. She weakly supported the chair to sit down.
	"I'm not sure, but I think it's possible." Nelson recalled the way he made a call to Jonas. But he found it was a bit inconspicuous. Both of them hung up the phone in silence.
	Nelson asked an old man who was familiar with the business field to see if he had seen any social engagement of Jonas recently. He called those men in small groups.
	Sitting on the seat, Melinda was in a trance. She kept calling Jonas, but she couldn't get through.
	After repeating it for several times, Melinda could not help but stumble out of the office.
	"Hey, Mel, are you going to have lunch? Why are you in such a hurry? Wait for me!" a colleague asked with doubt, but she failed to stop Melinda's hurried steps.
	Inside the shabby factory building, the sun was hot outside, but only the fine sunlight shone in. The faint light of the sun reminded the person inside that the night had passed, and a new day was coming.
	The man lying on the ground was covered in blood. His expensive suit was in shreds and dangerously hung on him. It seemed that he could completely tear the suit apart as long as he found a key part.
	Jonas curled up to the side and showed a gesture of defense. He hadn't eaten anything for a few days, and his face was very thin. His lips were dry, as if he had been walking in the desert for a long time. Even there was a trace of blood in the dry white.
	His eyes were still threatening, but his previous arrogance had completely disappeared, and he had remembered the tortures in the past few days, and he could see that Jerry did not dare to kill him!
	But everything would be different as long as he was out. Jonas had no soft heart.
	He had already begun preparing, and if he went out, what would he do with Jerry.
	But he didn't know when they would find him missing. Thinking of this, a figure suddenly appeared in Jonas's mind.
	Jonas wondered if Linda would worry about him. Thinking of Melinda, an indescribable perseverance enveloped him. He had endured the hardship because of this these days.
	Melinda, whom he missed so much, rushed back to the Gu's mansion in a panic. She asked for his information as soon as she found Nelson.
	"Grandfather, it has been several days. Let's call the police."
	Melinda now hated that she loved reading novels a lot. She had read some cases recently and felt very creepy. The death of those who had lost contact with people was lingering in her mind.
	Thinking of Jonas might be like that, Melinda was immersed in her own sorrow. It took a long time for Nelson to wake her up.
	"Linda, do you want to have a rest at home?" Nelson asked with concern. He was glad to see that Linda cared about Jonas. Otherwise, she wouldn't have been so worried.
	Nelson was as worried as Melinda, but he was unusually calm at this time because he was used to the life with storms.
	Melinda shook her head and made up her mind to go with them to the police station. Gavin had already arranged everything. The police station had also be informed by him that Nelson had not officially registered it, and they began preparing for it.
	"Mr. Nelson, don't worry. We all know Mr. Jonas's contribution to the city. The police will certainly try our best to find him." The chief of the police station was sent to receive Nelson in person, and all the other policemen were sent out to look for Jonas. 
Chapter 203 Run Away
	Nelson was accompanied by Melinda. William arrived at the police station in a hurry. It was a matter of finding Jonas, so those policemen were especially serious, asking the exact time when everyone met Jonas for the last time.
	Based on the information of these people, the police had generally confirmed the time when Jonas had disappeared. Then it was recorded in detail.
	William was the last one to see Jonas. The police interrogated him carefully.
	"Ah! It must be him!" William suddenly shouted in righteous indignation, his eyes filled with anger. He had to go through the CEO's schedule except his private one.
	Jonas only contacted one person at that time, Jerry Xi!
	Thinking of his identity, William felt even more suspicious of this possibility. He couldn't help but feel worried that the boss might have been killed.
	All of them looked at William. He had a long face, and they all realized that this matter wasn't that simple.
	"William, please tell us who that person is. Maybe it's also a clue." The police was the quickest to respond, but both Nelson and Melinda were attracted by the man William said.
	William looked at Nelson in a dilemma. At last, thinking of the safety of Jonas, he made up his mind and said, "His name is Jerry Xi. He is very similar to our CEO. A few days ago, our CEO asked me to gather information about him, and when I found out that he is CEO's half-brother, he went out to meet him."
	His words astonished Nelson. Melinda felt enlightened. She had wondered why there were two people in the world who looked like each other.
	"Is it Mr. Jonas who made thet appointment?" Those policemen were good at getting the point. Hearing that it was Jonas asked that man out, they felt there was something wrong with the case, and the one who was involved in it should be the illegitimate child of the Gu family.
	The police began to headache. The rich were always annoying, and such things had happened often.
	"The CEO made the time of that day. But that man delayed it till the next day and made an excuse that he couldn't find the place. Then the CEO asked him to decide it himself. It was definitely premeditated."
	Thinking of the scene at that time, William said all his doubts. Nelson sighed.
	"William, do you remember the place they met?"
	"He might have sent the location to the CEO in the form of text. We need an investigation." William regretted not asking more at that time. If he had asked, things would have been clear now.
	But the police station was capable. They couldn't find Jonas's messages, they then investigated where Jerry was.
	The cafe was closed now. The owner had sensed that something was wrong since the day he had been bribed by Jerry. It was a remote place with few cameras. They had seen Jonas from a corner about ten meters across the street.
	With a clue, the police was obviously relieved, and their investigation speed was very fast. Although Jerry was very meticulous, it was not enough to cover up the investigation by a large-scale police.
	"We have locked up our target at this deserted factory. We will proceed the rescue action tonight. Nelson, please rest assured." The police office would let Nelson know if there was any new progress.
	After all, seeing that there were very few cameras, so Nelson had decided to grant the government with the help of the local cameras to improve the security cameras in the city. Then, it would be known that this man was a good friend of the government.
	Everyone knew that Nelson had once served in the army. Especially, many people at high positions were either war mates or children of his subordinates, so his status in the city was unshakable.
	Although there was no big movement in searching and rescuing Jonas, Jerry still got the news. Looking at Jonas tortured by him to be at his last gasp, Jerry was very satisfied with this plan.
	"I didn't expect them to find us so soon. You are so lucky this time," he said, pretending to be strong, but in fact, it was very chaotic. Instead of torturing Jonas as usual, he hastily packed his luggage and ran away.
	As Jerry left, the old factory looked more open. Seeing that, Emily, who had been following behind Jerry, rushed into the factory. Leaning against the wall, Jonas had dried blood all over his body and messy hair.
	How could he be the sharp Jonas? He was aggressive and sharp at the beginning, but he never admitted defeat in heart, which made people can't ignore his existence.
	"Jonas, are you okay? I'm here to save you." But as Emily loosened the rope, she couldn't explain the principle and got even more chaotic. Finally, she found a knife which was thrown away by Jerry from an abandoned machine and used it to cut the rope.
	In a daze, Jonas opened his eyes and saw it was Emily. His face was cold and indifferent. Although he was not sober when Jerry came, he was still conscious.
	Grandpa must have found something wrong and called someone here. Ridiculously, Emily, who disappeared with him a few days ago, appeared and wanted to put on a show that she save him.
	"Jonas, you are hurt badly. Let me take you to the hospital." Emily was about to hold Jonas, but she gritted her teeth. Obviously, she was worried that she might not be able to hold on, but this was her only chance.
	There were many variables about this plan. But in the end, it was her, Emily, who saved Jonas.
	However, even if Jonas was weak now, he still kept away from the touching of Emily, as if she was a bacteria. The smile on Emily's face was stiff, and the sound of rapid footsteps and subtle conversation outside also came out.
	The policemen were not sure what kind of person Jerry was, so they were very careful. Melinda and Nelson were following behind a group of people, and walked towards Jonas under protection.
	The closer they got, the faster Melinda's heart beat. She couldn't imagine what kind of Jonas she would see next.
	The policemen were on the front. On the one hand, the guards outside the factory said that they saw the suspected Jerry leaving, and on the other hand, the colleagues in the police station began to investigate the monitor, confirming that Jerry had escaped.
	Several people rushed into the factory quickly and saw Emily was standing beside Jonas.
	Melinda followed them closely. Looking at the mess in the corner, she could no longer hold back her tears. Ignoring the police's warning, she trotted past them towards Jonas.
	"Jonas," Melinda cried in a low voice as she hugged Jonas. Emily was standing aside awkwardly. The policemen were shocked first, and then quickly followed to protect the two.
	Jonas was in a trance, but he was familiar with the scent of Melinda.
	No matter how hard Jonas had been tortured these days, he always kept his mouth shut. Now seeing that Melinda was crying for him, he couldn't help but feel his eyes red.
	Melinda held Jonas so tight as if she was afraid that if she loosened her grip, Jonas would disappear again.
	She still remembered the domineering and cold demeanor of Jonas when they met last time, but now he was weakly leaning against the corner of the wall, seeming to have no strength to stand up.
	Melinda was so painful that her heart was pinched hard. Jonas tried to reach out to hold her, but failed.
	And if he was with the strength, he might push Melinda away. Even he himself loathed his appearance at this moment.
	"Linda, don't cry. I'm fine." Jonas tried to squeeze out a smile, but it was a little harsh and his voice was too hoarse to say a word.
	He hadn't drunk water for a few days. His throat was so dry that it seemed to smoke. When he spoke, his throat seemed to be strangled. Melinda's cheeks were pressed against his, and the salty tears fell on his lips, making his mouth hurt a lot.
	Seeing this, the police immediately fetched water and food. Melinda took them and fed some water to Jonas. Her body was still twitching because of crying.
	Afraid that Jonas would choke, Melinda fed him very carefully. Jonas felt a little better after drinking a lot of water. As for the food, they were all very dry. If it were not for the help of Melinda, Jonas would have ignored it.
	Nelson was standing behind them, looking at them with joy. He thought it was worthwhile to have Jonas suffer in this way, but he saw Emily staring at them like a wolf staring at its prey.
	Especially when she looked at Melinda, her eyes were full of green light.
	"Why are you still standing there?" Nelson asked unhappily. 'It's so hard to make peace with my grandson and granddaughter-in-law. What if the woman want to do something bad to them again?' he thought.
	No, he must find a way to get Emily leave as soon as possible. She would be an eyesore if she stood here.
	"Now the police are here. You can leave first. Linda will take care of him."
	That is to say, everything here had been taken care of, Emily could leave if there was nothing else.
	Nelson's words were very ambiguous, but Emily could understand that. However, the old man looked at her with a worried face and said, "It's dangerous here. You'd better go back as soon as possible."
	Emily instantly became angry. Nelson seemed to be nice to her, but he always showed his hope that she could leave as soon as possible. Several policemen almost couldn't stand his deceived tone.
	If they did such a thing, they would just ask her to leave, but Nelson beat around the bush with a good intention. However, that girl didn't seem to appreciate his kindness at all.
	"I saved Jonas. Do you chase me away without saying thanks?" Emily questioned him. She didn't look guilty when she said that she saved Jonas.
	Hearing this, Nelson thought it was reasonable, but then he felt that it was strange to see Emily here.
	"Little girl, don't regard yourself as a hero. Without you, we could save Mr. Jonas as well." One of the policemen couldn't bear to hear that she had contributed all the credit to herself. He teased, and the others echoed.
	Emily's face turned pale in an instant.
	With the help of Melinda, Jonas stood up and looked down at Emily. 
Chapter 204 Be Rescued
	Even in such a mess and Jonas needed someone to hold him to keep him feet, but the hostility of Jonas sent chills to Emily's heart.
	His eyes were a little red and swollen. He looked like a demon, but this demon had taken care of the one beside him. He stood straight and tried not to fall on Melinda.
	He seemed to be born to be the focus, attracting everyone's attention. Even if he was as pathetic as a beggar, his temperament and aura could not be ignored.
	Melinda was pretty and graceful, but she was in harmony with him.
	"Emily, if you don't want me to tell the police what I've heard, hurry up and go away."
	After drinking a lot of water, he spoke smoothly, slowly and softly, but everyone's attention was on him, without breathing.
	Therefore, this sentence was heard by everyone.
	What had he heard? Why would Emily worry that the police would know that? Had Emily broken the law? A series of questions came to everyone's mind.
	Looking at the ruthless expression in Jonas's eyes, Emily was sure that he wasn't joking.
	"Mr. Jonas, please tell us what crime Emily has committed. We will arrest her according to law." At this time, another policeman spoke, looking at Emily fiercely, as if to tie her up to the law.
	"I..." Emily couldn't explain why she came here in a long time. Looking at the policemen around her, she got more panic and ran out of the factory in a panic, with her bag tightly over her chest. The others looked at each other in dismay.
	Melinda looked at Jonas blankly. He smiled at her in a good mood.
	"Are you okay?" It was the first time that Melinda had cared about him so much after the divorce, which made Jonas a little excited and dazed. Then he giggled.
	Melinda could not bear to look straight into his eyes. Seeing that he was staring at Melinda, the coughing of the policemen around her who seemed to be embarrassed seemed to have turned into laughter. She immediately flushed.
	Buried her head in the chest of Jonas, she could obviously feel that he had lost more than a little bit weight. Her tears, which had just stopped, began to flood again. She sniffed and tears fell uncontrollably.
	Holding her face in his hands, Jonas didn't care whether his clothes were dirty or not, but gently wiped it for her, coaxing, "Well, stop crying, you see, I'm fine."
	Melinda burst into tears in a rush, which almost tore Jonas's heart apart. Jonas wiped her face in hurry. In the end, he made Melinda a big red face. He didn't know whether he should laugh or cry. Then he bent down and gently kissed her eyes.
	He had no time to care about the place they were now or the people around them. All he wanted was to stop her tears as soon as possible. Once she cried, he felt much more terrible than being tortured by others.
	"You two have a lot of chances to bond with each other. Now we should leave here first." The policemen were too embarrassed to open their mouths, and finally Nelson came forward and comforted them. With a little embarrassment, Melinda buried her whole body in the arms of Jonas, trying to calm herself down. Then, together with Nelson, she held Jonas and walked out of the old factory.
	Being inside for so many days, Jonas felt a little unaccustomed to the sunlight outside. He blinked for a long time before he came to himself. Melinda found carefully that while holding his arm, she raised one of her hands to block the sun with her sleeve for Jonas.
	As slender as Jonas was, due to his giant figure, Melinda had to put up with great efforts to support him. Noticing this, Jonas stretched out and held her hand. A clear smile appeared in his obsidian eyes, which was so precious that people thought there was something special in it.
	The factory was abandoned in this desolate place a long time ago. The car was driving not far away. They walked for a long time on the short distance.
	Then they got on the police car.
	The driver and the captain of the action were sitting in the front of the car, and Melinda and Jonas were sitting in the back. The car was started slowly. With eyes closed, Jonas leaned against Melinda and had a rest. The road at the beginning was a little rough, but it became smooth later.
	The captain looked back but stopped on a second thought. Seeing that he was embarrassed, Melinda took the initiative to ask, "Is there anything else, sir?"
	The captain was very grateful for Melinda's rescue. As soon as Jonas opened his eyes, the laziness in the beginning disappeared, and only cold air was left.
	He was not as indifferent as he used to be, but a bit of ruthless.
	"As for Mr. Jonas's physical condition, I want to know if I can take a record now," the captain said apologetically. Jonas looked seriously injured, but he had to go through the procedure.
	It was impossible for the police to take him back to the police station, but it was troublesome for them to take notes, so the best way to solve it was to take the record in the car.
	Hearing this, Melinda looked at Jonas, frowned slightly, seemingly asking whether he could do it or not with her eyes speechless.
	"No need. I won't look into it. And you can drop this case too," said Jonas without any expression.
	"Thank you for taking care of this matter. If you need anything in the future, I will do it as long as I can." Since it wasn't easy for them to find him, Jonas changed his attitude.
	However, when Melinda looked at Jonas, she was full of confusion. Then she pushed away Jonas's head leaning on her shoulder and looked at him seriously.
	"What's wrong?" Jonas asked Melinda as he was stunned.
	"You won't look into it anymore. Are you a fool? !" Melinda shook Jonas's body and stopped in a second. After all, he was seriously injured.
	Now, Melinda was friendly to Jonas as if he was very fragile.
	"I'll tell you the details later. It's a deal."
	Since Jonas had his own ideas when doing things, Melinda stopped speaking. After all this, people's thoughts would change.
	The police captain also chose to shut up. His woman couldn't persuade him. They didn't want to be the cannon fodder, so the police directly drove to the hospital of Soaring Group.
	Gavin had been waiting in the hospital all the time. Looking at the scarred young master, he was also shocked and widened his eyes. Queena's reaction was just like that of Melinda's. he hugged Jonas and cried out.
	If she had known that Jonas's injury was caused by Jerry, an illegitimate child of her husband, she would have been more emotional.
	Jonas was taken for a physical examination. Surrounded by a group of experts, Melinda was finally relieved and sat on the bench in the long corridor of the hospital.
	Queena's tears were still in her eyes, and Nelson was tired of running. Gavin greeted them and took Nelson to rest.
	It was not easy to do a general check-up, and it would take a long time to finish one set. What's more, there were wounds on Jonas's body, which had been treated in a detailed way.
	After waiting outside for a long time, Melinda saw a group of people with nervous expressions following behind Jonas.
	Knowing the wounds on his body well, Jonas refused the doctors' fierce treatment immediately.
	"What's going on? Is everything okay?" Queena rushed over at once and looked up and down at Jonas. He finally did not look as embarrassed as before, but was not much better.
	But Melinda slowed down and stood behind her, looking at Jonas. Seeing that he looked at her, a faint smile appeared on her face.
	The doctor meticulously told Queena about the situation of Jonas and his conditions. Although there was nothing serious, he had to have a good rest and the doctor suggested him to be hospitalized for one night.
	Though not willing to, Jonas compromised in front of his mother's eyes. A group of people surged with Jonas, but Melinda was still standing behind. Jonas stopped there, and then under the confused gaze of the crowd, he went behind and held her hands.
	Queena covered her mouth and laughed. Melinda was a little embarrassed, but still, she arrived at the VIP ward under the arrangement of Jonas. After travelling all the way, Jonas was a little tired.
	After sending off a group of medical staff, Jonas pulled Melinda to rest with him.
	Queena understood his son's intention and left them some space.
	The next day, Jonas insisted to leave the hospital. Queena took him home and asked him for a good rest. Melinda was also taken back to the Gu's mansion to accompany him.
	When Jonas recovered from the injury, Nelson asked them to have dinner together at a restaurant where they went last time. Since Nelson was here this time, the chief had come personally.
	"That's enough. We are just here to have a meal." On hearing Nelson's words, the group of people giggled and left, but they also recognized the status of Melinda in the Gu family.
	The young lady had finally lived a happy life after all the hardship she had gone through.
	This meal, the three of them behaved as usual in the Gu's mansion. Without all the barriers during this period of time, they had a happy meal, and the chef who served them often heard the laughter inside.
	In contrast, after being threatened by Jonas that day, Emily left in a hurry. But all these days, the scene that Melinda rushed to hug Jonas kept flashing through her mind.
	The two clung to each other tightly, and the way Melinda treated Jonas changed dramatically. It seemed that they had made up in an instant.
	The more Emily thought about it, the angrier she was. She had devoted so much time and efforts to form a plan, and at last she just made Melinda and Jonas make up again.
	Her unwillingness surged in her heart and almost drowned everything like a wild grass in spring. 
Chapter 205 Law
	It had been a long time since Melinda had such a relaxed and happy mood. This time, it seemed that she experienced a life and death, which allowed her to see through too much.
	Jonas lost a lot of weight and looked extremely thin. Melinda tried every way to make him gain weight back.
	Jonas sat in the middle between them, and took care of them from time to time.
	It was hard for an outsider to imagine that a bossy man like Jonas would have such a tender expression. Seeing that Jonas was busy serving them with food, Melinda could not help but stop him. "You should have a good rest now. I can do it myself."
	"Your wife just cares about you."
	Seeing this, Nelson could not help teasing him. Melinda smiled shyly. She looked at Jonas with a little anger, which made Nelson laugh more happily.
	"Why are you still so shy in front of your family?" Jonas joked as he held her hands tightly. Melinda's hands were so small that they fit well for playing the piano. She had to work and lived on her own now, and her fingers were no longer as delicate as they used to be.
	Thinking of this, Jonas couldn't help asking, "Linda, have you learnt piano before?"
	Melinda was stunned, with her eyes full of blankness. When she was a child, her family members would pay attention to her preferences, and there would be no reluctance at all.
	Leonard required much calligraphy and chess skills for her, the musical equipment was rarely mentioned in front of Melinda. The painting Melinda herself was fond of was carefully studied by her.
	And it was after Melinda got into the Gu family that she started to learn piano.
	"No."
	Jonas just nodded. He didn't go on with this topic, but changed to another topic. Melinda did not it to heart, but Nelson seemed to know everything.
	"I'm glad to see you two like this," said Nelson with delight. Then he picked up his glass again and proposed a toast to them.
	"I'm happy today. Let's clink."
	Both of them picked up the wine glasses in front of them and had a drink. Since it was not appropriate for Nelson to drink too much, all of them had a sip of the wine. Jonas had just recovered, while Melinda was a woman, so they were tolerant of her.
	"Jerry is behind the kidnapping." After putting down the glass and pondering for a long time, Jonas finally chose to say it out. But speaking of Jerry, there was a slight change in his eyes when he looked at Nelson.
	Melinda had heard it from William in the police station, so she knew that. She was happy to see Jonas being honest.
	"He is my father's illegitimate child. I can see that he hates my father so much that he plans to blame me." When Jonas talked about Jerry's identity, he looked calm. But after his calmness, no one could see his real intention.
	"Grandpa, do you know Jerry?" Jonas's target suddenly turned to Nelson, and Melinda's eyes fell on Nelson, too.
	It seemed that grandpa did not know that.
	But the tone of Jonas was suspicious. Melinda looked at this one and then another. She was a little confused.
	"I've heard about this kid a long time ago," Nelson told them the truth directly.
	Nelson knew the matter about Jerry. It was long ago. Jerry was the illegitimate child of his son, and many people knew about it.
	But no one knew how Jonas's father solved the woman and her son afterwards, and no one knew anything about it. Nelson also didn't ask anything.
	He didn't expect that the news of this kid known to him after so many years was because Jonas was kidnapped and he was the one who made all this.
	Nelson frowned and finally sighed. He briefly talked about the things happened among Jonas's father and others to Melinda and Jonas.
	'They are all fools?' sighed Nelson in his mind.
	"So, Jerry revenged Jonas because of his father, didn't he?" Hearing this, Melinda frowned and her smile faded.
	"I don't know exactly what happened that year either. But from what he said, I can tell that he must hate not only my son, but also the whole Gu family."
	Nelson was not only sharp in his eyes, but also when he looked at things.
	It could be seen that Jerry hated the whole family from this case. The happier the family was, the lonelier Jerry and his mother were.
	Grown up in such environment, it was not hard to imagine Jerry's hatred.
	"But we can't let Jonas to pay the price for the last generation," Melinda said unhappily. No wonder that she didn't like Jerry at the first sight of him. He was such a nuisance.
	Nelson and Jonas smiled at Melinda and did not answer this question.
	"What are you going to do? Are you going to let him go like this?"
	Although they were all his grandsons, Nelson still favored Jonas in terms of love. What's more, the way how Jerry dealt with things this time was what Nelson most looked down upon.
	When Nelson served in the army at a young age, he was serious about everything.
	There was nothing wrong with Jonas's negotiation with him. But Jerry took this opportunity to calculate the scheme.
	It was necessary to do that, no matter in the business world or in the battlefield. However, Nelson looked down upon them when scheming family members.
	"That's impossible." Jonas smiled gently but with a touch of hostility in his eyes.
	He didn't want Melinda to see the cruel side of him.
	"It's okay as long as you know what you should do."
	Nelson nodded his head and said nothing. He was very satisfied with what Jonas did, except that he was bad at relationship.
	"Of course, I won't let him go so easily."
	When he was kidnapped, what he thought first was as long as Jerry let himself out alive, he should be ready for his revenge.
	"Jonas, he has gone too far this time. But the best way is to solve it through the law."
	Although Jonas was trying to hide his true feelings, Melinda still recognized the cruelty in his eyes and she couldn't help reminding him.
	"Through law?"
	Jonas didn't make any comment as he was thinking about it. He was helpless that Melinda had been travelling in the society for a long time, but she hadn't considered things prudently.
	In this society, people often ignored the law.
	"Right. Don't use that power. It's the worst way to solve it in your own way. Don't try to break the law, understand?"
	Melinda had lived a good citizen who abided by the law in the past year, and she had been telling him about it with the worries in her eyes.
	Melinda had saw Jonas deal with some business before, so she didn't want him to behave like that at all.
	"Okay, I won't" Jonas smiled gently. He didn't like to hear that, but he would not contradict what Melinda said.
	Now, Jonas had learned the ultimate skill to coax his wife. What his wife said was right and he couldn't refute it.
	There were always two meanings in his words. He just expressed that he would not break the law.
	Looking at the two people, Nelson did not say anything. He also felt that Melinda was a simple child.
	"I want to eat the sweet and sour pork." Seeing that Jonas agreed and saw the change in his mood, Melinda felt better.
	The sweet and sour pork was in front of her, but she still wanted to say it out. As a smart man, Jonas naturally reacted fast and picked the pork in front of her mouth.
	Melinda just wanted to command him to put the pork in the bowl in front of her, but she didn't expect that Jonas was so close that her face flushed immediately.
	"What are you doing? Just put it in the bowl," Melinda whispered to Jonas while peeping at Nelson secretly. Noticing that Nelson was totally absorbed in the wine made by the chief, she was relieved.
	Seeing that Jonas insisted on feeding her, Melinda ate the pork, and she didn't notice that there were more wrinkles on Nelson's face just because he was happy.
	Nelson asked him about the company. Since Jonas wasn't in the company these days, there were many changes in the company which looked calm.
	Aron would never give up such a good opportunity.
	Melinda didn't understand what they meant, but she was happy to be with them. The lunch was over, and her stomach became bulging.
	"You are too thin. You have to eat like this from now on."
	Nelson saw that Melinda had been staring at his belly gloomily and blamed her. Melinda was somewhat embarrassed. Not knowing why she had a bad appetite not long ago, but recently she became abnormal and had a good appetite.
	Since Melinda had a lot of food, she still felt hungry easily. Besides, she had no energy. It seemed that she hadn't recovered from the strong shock caused by the disappearance of Jonas.
	"Grandpa, I have to go to work this afternoon, so I can't accompany you later." Melinda had also lost a lot of work recently. If Victor hadn't been there to help her, she might be resigned.
	However, Jonas was hoping that Melinda could work in Soaring Group, and he could even build a cultural company for her if she liked it.
	And it also could avoid the criticism of people who were ignorant.
	Speaking of Melinda's work, Jonas could have complained for three days and three nights.
	"It doesn't matter. You can accompany me in the future once you are free." Nelson was very glad that Melinda worked outside. She needed more experience. On these two occasions, at least, Melinda knew that she had to be cautious in front of people.
	One should always not hurt others, but one should also always keep others from hurting oneself.
	"You and grandpa can go home together. I'll take a taxi," Melinda said to Jonas. Although Jonas was in good health now, Queena didn't allow him to go back to the company right away.
	After this, she was indifferent to those fame and wealth, and felt that there was nothing better than being together in a family.
	"Okay,"
	He replied, his eyes full of unwillingness for her leaving.
Chapter 206 Let It Go
	"Come on, let's go. She has already driven away, but you are still looking at her," Nelson joked behind Jonas. Jonas felt a little embarrassed, but pleased instead.
	"Grandpa, let me accompany you back."
	After the car disappeared at the intersection, Jonas turned to look at his grandfather, who wore a Chinese tunic suit and stood there in high spirits. Although holding a stick, he didn't damage the vigor of his body.
	He had gray hair with mustache, looking like the Lu Xun in the paintings, elegantly and fierce.
	He looked very wise.
	Actually, most of the time, his crutch was just a decoration. Nelson always believed that people should do what they should do at their ages.
	For example, he was old now and it was time for him to wear glasses and hold a crutch.
	But he didn't want to be an old man, and he would keep himself young.
	"Accompany me? Do you want to go somewhere else?" Nelson cast a sidelong glance at Jonas and walked up to him. The driver had already opened the car door, and with one hand on the roof of the car, he protected Nelson to get in the car.
	Jonas got in the car later, but at the thought of his unintentional question, he answered seriously, "I have something to deal with later."
	"Tell your mother about it."
	Nelson also thought that men shouldn't be so weak, so he felt it was almost appropriate for Jonas to have a rest for a few days. But Queena was so worried about him.
	Jonas also felt headache, but today he had to deal with it as soon as possible to avoid a long delay.
	Back home, Nelson was a little tired, so he went to rest directly, while Queena forced Jonas to drink another bowl of soup.
	"Mommy, I have something to do at night. I'll be back soon."
	"No way."
	Just then, Queena rejected him determinedly, and without any doubt, she wouldn't have agreed Jonas to go out today if it wasn't for the sake of Nelson.
	"Mommy, it's urgent."
	Massaging his head, Jonas was in a bit of trouble. His mother was stubborn, and his body had been all right long ago, but his mother had not recovered from the initial illness, which was not a good sign.
	"You should take good care of yourself."
	Queena looked at the distressed look of Jonas and hesitated. Although he had been resting for a few days, he was still thin, which always made her worried.
	"Mommy, I know myself well. Today is my last day to rest at home, and I should deal with these things tomorrow. Do you want to keep your son at home and treat him as a good for nothing?"
	Jonas said in a heavy tone, but there was nothing he could do. Queena's stubbornness had to be broken out in such a fierce manner. Sure enough, when she heard Jonas belittle himself like this, her expression changed.
	"Never mind. You are not a child anymore."
	Queena finally compromised, which made Jonas let off a sigh of relief. If he had another choice, he wouldn't have been willing to do so, but there was nothing he could do.
	There was someone that he could not rest assured as long as he did not deal with.
	The next day, as Jonas said yesterday, he went to the company. When the people in the CEO office saw him, they were like seeing a savior. They were all stumped by the people of Aron, and no one made a decision about those important things.
	"Boss, you are finally back."
	William was almost in floods of tears. As the only one who knew that Jonas was kidnapped in the CEO office, he was relieved to see that Jonas was all right now.
	Then William went straight to take all the documents he had gathered together these days to Jonas's office. The desk was soon filled with documents.
	Jonas looked at William, who was wearing a fake smile at the corners of his mouth. William felt that the air in the office was getting heavier and heavier. Then he touched the back of his head and said, "Boss, these documents should be dealt with as soon as possible."
	"I will deal with these accumulated documents in these two days. Make time for me in the noon."
	Though William didn't know why Jonas needed time at noon, the decision made by his boss should not be questioned. Jonas was busy all morning, and if he had time, he would send a text message to Melinda, but it was usually short.
	Jonas was very busy at work, and he was not satisfied with the fact that there were so many office affairs in his office. So he handed many of them over to his subordinates to deal with. At this moment, the Soaring Group was full of sadness again.
	It was time for lunch. Jonas had a meeting with Emily in the restaurant near their company. Emily looked haggard in a light gray suit.
	"Jonas," Emily said with a forced smile. After being threatened by Jonas that day, she had nightmares all night, and she was on the verge of collapse.
	And since Jonas took the initiative to look for her, she was also nervous and didn't know what was waiting for her today.
	"Have a seat." Jonas pointed to the seat next to him and said to Emily. Emily stood there for a long time and sat down, and there was only a glass of water in front of Jonas. It seemed that this meeting would be short.
	Emily looked at him with fear. At this moment, Jonas was like a God, determined her future fate. "You know what's going on, and I will not expose it,"
	Jonas said slowly. Emily's heart sank at first, and then she felt surprised. As expected, Jonas still loved her, so he would not expose her.
	But Jonas didn't finish his words apparently.
	"We don't owe each other and don't badger with each other from now on." That was the reason why he came here today. He just wanted to make a clean break with Emily. Emily's endless entanglement made it difficult for him and Melinda to reunite.
	Now Jonas finally took advantage of this opportunity to talk about it, so he couldn't allow Emily to do any damage.
	Emily looked at Jonas with a painful expression. It seemed that she couldn't imagine the ruthlessness of Jonas.
	"If you don't want to, then follow the law." Jonas didn't finish his sentence, and as he was speaking, Emily felt desperate. If she didn't agree to cooperate with him and kept on pursuing, she would end up in prison.
	According to the nature of this matter, Emily was inevitable to be sentenced to prison. Besides, Nelson didn't like her at all. If he took any actions in this matter, she would definitely stay in prison.
	"Okay, I promise you. But can you accompany me for the lunch today?" Emily's tears were rolling in her eyes. She pretended to be strong, which would make people feel sorry for her.
	It was a pity that Jonas had no pity for her.
	"Wait a minute."
	Before Jonas could answer, his phone rang, and there was an unfamiliar number on it, but he felt it familiar to some degree. He walked to the smoke-free corridor.
	"Are you Miss Mo's family?"
	Hearing the other side asked about Melinda, Jonas got nervous. It was a typical question from the police station or the hospital.
	"Yes, I am," Jonas answered, but his fingers began to tremble. Maybe he himself didn't notice that, but the trembling of the voice made him fall into a trance.
	"This is the central hospital. Miss Mo fainted and was sent to the hospital. Please come to the hospital to go through the formalities." The nurse was relieved, but her words made Jonas's heart in his throat.
	The news that Melinda fainted kept on echoing in his mind.
	"I'll be right there," Jonas said anxiously, then hung up the phone and walked out in a hurry. Looking expectantly, Emily still stood in her place. Seeing that Jonas was about to leave, she went forward and stopped him.
	"Jonas, I..."
	"Get out of my way. Get out of here before I go back on my words." Jonas had no mood to talk with Emily at this moment. He put forward this condition to make it less troublesome and make the final closure for their relationship.
	Looking at the figure leaving, Emily wondered why Jonas left in such a hurry. Was it because of Melinda?
	She gritted her teeth, hoping that something bad would happen to Melinda.
	Everyone only saw Emily was suffering, but did not see the hatred in her eyes. Emily slowly clenched her fists. She would not let it go.
	She was so tired recently. She needed a good rest to recuperate and store up her energy, then she needed to prepare how to take the next move.
	'Melinda, you are destined to lose to me in this entire life. If I can't get what I want, I'd better destroy it.' This sentence emerged in Emily's mind.
	Meanwhile, the media also learned the news, no matter what crime Emily had suffered during the kidnap or her identity.
	All in all, the media wrote a lot of news reports, and no one knew the truth. They only knew that the news had been pushed on the hot page of the newspaper because of Emily's scandal which had lasted for a long time.
	The head of the company also knew the things about Emily. When she was still tragic in the dining room and thinking about how to get everything back, the phone from the company came.
	"Emily, if you have time today, go back to the company. There's something urgent,"
	Sher said in anxious. Emily nodded her head and continued to read the news on the Internet.
	Sure enough, the Internet was flooding with her topic again. Every time the company looked for her, it was mostly because of her news on the hot topic.
	Emily stood in the dining room, looking very awkward. She put on the sunglasses and left silently. Then she drove to the company.
	At this time, many media were also squatting in the company. Emily's car was parked in the parking lot and someone knocked on the car window. Sher was waiting for her outside and she looked around with vigilance.
	"Come with me."
	Sher led Emily to the CEO's office directly, while this man still wore a pair of glasses and looked at Emily with no expression.
	It looked like he was measuring a commodity. 
Chapter 207 Melinda Was A Lucky Star
	In his eyes, these celebrities were just the cash cow of his company and Emily was just one of the most valueless ones.
	But now, she began to create something for herself.
	That was why she was here now.
	"Emily, how have you been?" the CEO asked gently. Hearing this, Emily unconsciously touched the goose bumps on her arms. This fake concern was really fake.
	Wasn't the news on the Internet enough to prove her "good" life?
	But they were all smart people. Sometimes, they needed to talk in this dull way.
	"Not bad."
	In response, the CEO didn't mind it at all. He poured tea for Emily and Sher in person, and then cut to the chase. "How is the thing about the hero I asked you to ask last time?"
	The CEO's words made Emily absent-minded for a while. This period of time, they didn't experience much, but in everyone's heart, they were much older.
	Emily almost forgot the time. But when she heard this, she remembered that Jerry had kidnapped her for revenge.
	She shook her head heavily and instantly denied it, but she still pretended to look regretful. "He refused. I'm sorry."
	The CEO suddenly changed his expression.
	He looked at Emily and could not help feeling angry. But Emily was much calmer than them though.
	In fact, she was also a little hesitant. She was really hurt by her enemy.
	As expected, the CEO took a big turn without any warning.
	"I think I have made myself clear last time. It's up to you."
	Up to her? She knew that he meant the company would banish her. If it was in the past, Emily would have been panic stricken. But this time, she had changed a lot. She was much calmer.
	But beneath the calm exterior, the more undercurrent was changing. Emily was just seeking a chance to revenge.
	Sher didn't want to say anything anymore, because she knew it was useless.
	Jonas drove at full speed on the way to the central hospital. He arrived at the information desk out of instinct and followed the nurse to the door.
	If Jonas had been more careful at this time, he would have found that he was in the gynecology and obstetrics department.
	"Your wife is taking a rest inside. Please follow me to go through the admission procedure," the nurse said as Jonas followed her closely, doing whatever he was told to do, just like a marionette.
	The nurse couldn't help but sigh. Why did this healthy man look like a fool? If this was the case, then it was really a pity for the pregnant woman just now.
	"What's wrong with Linda? Why is she in hospital?" Jonas's mind was blank for a long time before he realized that Melinda must be seriously hurt, as she was going to be hospitalized.
	"Your wife fainted from hypoglycemia, as she is pregnant. It's very dangerous. You should take care of her more carefully from now on." The nurse's words made Jonas stand there in a daze.
	His face was no longer aggressive as it had been at the beginning. Instead, he looked like a fool that had never appeared in the eyes of outsiders.
	He almost suspected that he had an auditory hallucination and stood there numbly.
	The nurse was obviously used to this kind of father to be. She was also very tolerant to Jonas. She even bowed her head and smiled. It seemed that no matter how handsome one was, he was the same as ordinary people when encountering such things.
	"Remember to take good care of her, especially in terms of mood. She must keep happy," the nurse said. The reason why Melinda fainted was not only because of hypoglycemia, but also because she had been too worried recently.
	Jonas was sure that he heard it right now. Linda was pregnant. There was a baby in her womb!
	He laughed hysterically, but his eyes had tears rolling down like a madman. In the end, the nurse couldn't bear to remind him that this was a ward and to keep quiet.
	"Thank you, thank you so much,"
	said Jonas as he slowed down his steps towards the ward, trying to control his emotions. Linda was taking a rest and he couldn't shock her.
	This baby came at the right time. For the first time in his life, Jonas thanked the heaven so much for giving him a baby.
	He had a mix of feelings. He thought of his mother, who had been dissatisfied with Linda's marriage with him for Linda had been unable to get pregnant. Now it seemed that he could prove it to her.
	When Jonas walked into the ward, he saw Melinda lying there quietly. Her face was a little pale, and her hair was tousled on both sides. When she lay on the white pillow, her hair was a shine in other people's eyes.
	Glucose was still attached in her left hand. As soon as Jonas touched Melinda's hand, he felt cold and wanted to warm her up, but he was afraid that it would hurt her.
	He suddenly became careful.
	He placed his hand on Melinda's flat belly with curiosity. It was flat and hard to imagine that there was a baby in it.
	He had lost the baby before he knew it. At the same time, Melinda was hurt and unable to get pregnant, so the baby was cherished much.
	Looking at her pretty face, Jonas smiled like a fool.
	He couldn't help thinking back to a long time ago, the scene that Melinda had a quarrel with his mother because of the child.
	"How foolish I am!" It was only then that Jonas remembered that he should call his family. Seeing that Melinda was still sleeping soundly, he tiptoed out of the ward.
	He dialed Queena's number directly, and it was not picked up until a long time.
	Queena was doing flower arrangement, washing her hands and wiping them dry before answering the phone. It was obvious that she was dissatisfied with Jonas's reluctance to stay at home for a few more days.
	"Mommy."
	Jonas's joyful voice was passed through the phone to Queena's ear. Queena was fiddling with the flowers she had just arranged and heard his happy voice, frowning.
	"What? Are you so happy to leave home?"
	'Sure enough, I'm worried about nothing.' Queena couldn't help thinking of the tough conversation between Jonas and her yesterday.
	Jonas was in a good mood, and didn't care about her mother's tone at that moment. Although it hadn't been obvious on his face over the years, there were some small wrinkles around the corners of his eyes when he smiled.
	"Mommy, I have a good news for you." Jonas's words raised Queena's curiosity. In general, Jonas solved everything by himself silently and he never came to tell her about something.
	Good news? Queena didn't know what was good these days.
	So she looked faint and asked weakly, "What's the news?"
	"Mommy, Linda is pregnant," Jonas spoke slowly and slowly, making sure his mother could hear him clearly.
	Queena's hand froze in the air when she was touching the flowers. She was stunned, and she kept the same pose for a long time.
	After a long pause, she asked, "What did you say?"
	"Mommy, Linda is pregnant, but today she fainted due to hypoglycemia. Now she is in the central hospital," Jonas said somewhat guiltily. When Queena heard that, she suddenly became serious.
	"Pregnancy is not a small matter. Why are you so careless?" Upon hearing that Melinda was pregnant and she fainted, Queena felt that she was going to faint. It was not a trifle. If she was hit, she would easily miscarry.
	A baby in three months was the most fragile.
	"I didn't know that before." Jonas blamed himself for not caring about Linda's health.
	He paid little attention to Linda's easily worn out look after the incident.
	If something happened to Linda this time, he would never forgive himself. Queena was still preaching at him on the phone, but he was listening more carefully than ever.
	As an experienced woman, his mother had a point.
	He would take good care of Linda from now on, and what his mother said was something he should pay attention to.
	"Why didn't you send her to our own hospital?" Queena said it for a long time, and then began to feel that their own hospital was still reliable, although the central hospital was the best public hospital in the city.
	Jonas had intended to go to another hospital, but considering that Melinda's physical condition now was tough to handle, he didn't mention it.
	"It must be her colleague who sent her here. Since the conditions here are not bad, and Linda won't feel well to be constantly on the way. Next time we will go to our own hospital."
	In Jonas's mind, his own hospital should now be capable of lure doctors and gynecology to come over. He also needed to attach more importance to the funds for that hospital. Besides, it should also have a pediatric department. After the baby was born...
	"I'll come and take care of Linda later. You can't do it well as a man." Queena didn't want to talk nonsense with her son at this time, so she said a few words and hung up the phone.
	All the people in the Gu's mansion saw Queena went to the kitchen happily after she received a phone call. And she told the servants in person to make many tonics.
	If Queena hadn't been afraid that she would blow up the kitchen, she would have wanted to do it herself.
	After staying in the kitchen for a while, Queena knew that it would take a long time for the soup to be cooked, so she asked someone to send it to the hospital and left first.
	Melinda was still in her ward, a little dark, with the curtains closed. There was only a light on, and Jonas was guarding by her side. When Queena came in, she was worried to wake up Melinda, so she texted Jonas that she arrived.
	"How is she?" Queena asked in a low voice. Jonas left a seat for his mother to come into the ward. Seeing that the ward environment was good, Queena was finally relieved.
	"Linda is really our lucky star. She not only saved you, but also is pregnant." Queena looked at Melinda in the bed and said in emotion. 
Chapter 208 Coming After Her
	Jonas seemed very happy when he heard his mother praise Melinda, so he was also happy even when Queena was nagging again.
	He couldn't wait to give Melinda the best compliment in the world.
	"Mommy, help me take care of Linda. I want to buy something to eat for her. She will be hungry when she wakes up."
	Jonas put his hand on Queena's shoulder to calm her down. He said these words naturally, as if it was God's truth when it came to taking care of Melinda.
	Queena saw that her son was so aware, and she immediately felt a little emotional. Since Jonas had grown up, he had been indifferent to love. It was rare for him to take care of people in person like this.
	"You stay here and be good with Linda. Don't worry about the food. I have asked the servant to prepare it. It will be fine when it is sent here."
	Hearing this, Jonas breathed a sigh of relief. He did know a lot about life. It was lucky that he had his mother.
	"Thank you, Mommy."
	Queena wanted to pat him on the head like she did when Jonas was a child, but found that the child had grown up and she could not reach his head.
	Her hand slid down and covered Jonas's hand. She patted his hand with a motherly soft smile, which was complicated but more proud.
	"Linda is our lucky star and your benefactor. This is a good opportunity. You have to seize it." The scene of Jonas being trapped in love frightened many people. Although it was a disaster, it was a rare opportunity.
	Melinda no longer held a grudge against Jonas and now she was pregnant.
	Many families were forced to have a marriage due to their children. And many women were pregnant before getting married. As a result, she had been entangled with Jonas's father for so long even though she was not happy with him, just because of Jonas.
	"I will cherish it." Jonas's eyes were full of sincerity. Now, Queena was the witness. She witnessed his love for Melinda and his oath.
	Before long, they saw a group of people coming in the corridor. Gavin took Nelson's arm and they were followed by two servants who carried many tonics in their hands.
	Mr. Gu walked in a hurry than usual, and he was also anxious in his shrewd eyes. When he saw Jonas and Queena standing at the door, his face involuntarily showed a touch of blame.
	Seeing this, Jonas rushed to support him.
	"Slow down, Grandpa."
	"Slow down? You two, why don't you tell me first when you know such an important thing?" Nelson said in a low voice. It was obvious that he was dissatisfied that Jonas didn't inform him in the first place.
	He felt a little strange today when he arrived at home, so he asked the servants about it and got to know that Melinda was pregnant, and that Queena and Jonas were both in the hospital.
	Jonas immediately said sorry to him. It never occurred to him that his mother would forgot to inform his grandfather. It seemed that everyone was too happy that they made a mistake.
	"Where is Linda?" Nelson could understand their excitement, so he didn't blame them. He asked them about what had happened to Melinda. Jonas told him what the doctor told him before.
	"She always makes me worry about her."
	Hearing this, Nelson sighed. Since he promised his old friend to take care of Melinda, he has been worrying about her all the time.
	In fact, Melinda was a very reassuring person, but Nelson wanted to give her the best, which led to nothing satisfying in the end.
	He was not satisfied with his own grandson being a husband for Melinda.
	"She may have to stay in the hospital for nourishing the fetus."
	There was no chance for any accidents to happen to Melinda. It was the best choice to keep her in the hospital. The doctor said straightforwardly that due to her physical condition and the weakness of the baby, Melinda would have a lot of troubles for the baby.
	Jonas went back to the ward to accompany Melinda, while Nelson and Queena went to the doctor's office again because they were worried about her.
	When Melinda woke up, she still felt dizzy. She let out a sad groan and Jonas quickly approached her like a startled bird and asked anxiously, "Linda, what's wrong?"
	She opened her eyes, blinked her eyes, and tried to regain her memory. Then she remembered that she suddenly felt very stuffy in her chest, so she leaned against the chair... She fainted.
	She was in a hospital. After looking around, Melinda was sure where she was.
	But why was Jonas here?
	"Why are you here?" Melinda opened her mouth. Her voice was a little vague, like having a candy in her mouth.
	Jonas's face fell. But he kept telling himself that a pregnant woman shouldn't have lost her mind for three years. Linda just didn't realize what happened.
	"It's the doctor who told me that you fainted. Do you know how scary you are?" Jonas pretended to be serious, which frightened Melinda.
	"Brat, how dare you be so fierce?" But before Melinda could answer, Nelson's energetic voice came from the door. The soldiers were talking straightforward, so did Nelson.
	After Nelson finished speaking, the door was pushed open, and Queena and Nelson came in. Queena sat next to the bed when she saw Melinda wake up, which made her warm up.
	Nelson scolded Jonas with anger and left him alone. He sat on his seat and looked at Melinda with concern.
	"Linda, don't be afraid. If he dares to bully you, just tell me. I will help you teach him a lesson."
	"Grandpa."
	Feeling that he had lost face in front of Melinda due to his grandfather's trick, Jonas cried out with hidden bitterness, and then grinned. 'Forget it, just let it be.'
	"Grandpa, why are you all here?" Melinda still didn't know what happened.
	Nelson and Queena looked at Jonas and thought it was better for him to say such news in person.
	"Linda." Jonas looked at Melinda with a flustered expression, completely ignoring Nelson and Queena next to him. Being embarrassed by him, she looked flustered.
	However, Jonas forced her to look into his eyes. Gradually, Melinda became a little angry. Just as she was about to say something, she was interrupted by Jonas. "We have a baby, Linda."
	Jonas suddenly hugged Melinda, and his trembling hands revealed his excitement. Queena and Nelson did not want to disturb them. But when they thought of Melinda's health, they coughed.
	Melinda felt that it was like a pebble thrown into the peace lake, causing ripples and ripples. The ripples didn't fade away for a long time.
	"I'm... I'm pregnant." After a long time, Melinda looked at her flat lower abdomen in disbelief, gently touching it with her fingers, and she looked like the former Jonas.
	She had lost a child, which made her resent everyone. But now someone told her that she was pregnant.
	This child was so lucky.
	The three didn't say anything. The good news spread over their faces and soon the servants came with tonics.
	Queena was about to feed Melinda, but she was robbed of work by Jonas. He said that his child's mother should be taken care of by himself.
	Nelson had asked Gavin to arrange many things for Melinda. The people in the ward were very busy, even Nelson was as busy as them.
	"Grandpa, don't worry about me. I just need to stay in the hospital for a few days." Seeing that a group of people were ready to move everything into the ward like here was her new home, Melinda felt very embarrassed.
	She was quite confident with herself and she would be careful since she treasured the baby in her belly.
	"Linda, how about living back in Gu's mansion? I don't want you to live alone since you are pregnant," Queena said very seriously. Melinda was pregnant and weak. If she fainted again by herself, it shouldn't scare the group.
	The baby could not stand such an incident.
	"Yeah, the maids are not so busy now. You can go back and let them do the housework."
	Nelson quickly joined the coaxing group. Although Jonas had been silent all the time, he was staring straight at Melinda.
	"I'll think about it."
	Instead of answering them immediately, Melinda told them that she needed some time to think about it and that she would stay in the hospital for a period. It all depended on Jonas's performance.
	If he failed, she wouldn't go back that home to make trouble for herself.
	Jonas was obviously a little disappointed, but he didn't complain much. Now he had made great progress, and everything should be done step by step.
	Emily returned to her apartment and closed the door. A big bang broke out, indicating her anger.
	She was pissed off as long as she recalled the way Jonas treated her and Melinda. For a long time, she didn't think she was inferior to Melinda, but why did good things fall on Melinda all the time?
	Melinda!
	At the mention of the name, Emily could not help clenching her teeth in resentment. Her face was distorted with anger. She clutched the corner of the sofa tightly and ravaged it like she was grabbing Melinda.
	There was a gleam shining in her eyes. She seemed to be plotting something.
	An hour later, there was a hubbub on Weibo. After the kidnapping, Emily had been disappeared in front of the public for a long time, and she did not give a positive response to this matter.
	But this time it was posted as a report, and there were many reposted messages.
	The most exciting thing was not what had happened in the kidnap, but the big news that Emily had left at the end of the speech.
	Emily was completely out of options. She would be exposed sooner or later if she played this trick. However, she just wanted to make troubles for Melinda. 
Chapter 209 Threaten With Death
	The post Emily posted was simple, showing her thanks to a lot of support from fans and concern.
	She was taken aback by the kidnap, so she had to stand out to talk about it until now. Since Jonas had taken good care of her, she had always relied on him.
	Speaking of this, Emily began to talk about the things happened in their childhood, but at last, she dropped the bomb, saying that they had decided to get married in a few days, and please the public blessed them.
	She had already been preparing to pave the way for her career as an actress. Once the Weibo article was released, it was unexpectedly proven that Emily had whitewashed herself quickly.
	And she had achieved her purpose of annoying Melinda. Now that Melinda was pregnant, Jonas had forbidden her to play cellphones and be in touch with those electronic products in a very careful way.
	However, the TV in the ward was on. Bored as Melinda was, she turned the channel.
	Jonas focused on peeling an apple. When he heard the sound on the TV, he looked at the TV in surprise. There were a lot of pictures of Emily and the post on Weibo. Melinda's fingers on the remote control began to tremble.
	She had thought that nothing would happen between them, but she didn't expect that she would be slapped so fast that she was awake in an instant.
	"Linda, the news is all fake. I have told you about the kidnapping. Please believe me." As soon as this happened, the first thing that occurred to Jonas was to explain to Melinda. The doctor had said that Melinda shouldn't be emotionally excited at this moment.
	Hearing that, Melinda could not help but tighten her fingers, which were holding the remote controller. The smile on her face faded away, and her pretty face was full of curiosity.
	She knew all these things, but why did Emily send such a message? There must be a reason.
	Melinda didn't neglect the panic in her heart. Thinking of Jonas and Emily's marriage, she couldn't accept it.
	Obviously, this should not be her real wish. Wasn't it her wish to let Emily be with Jonas so that she would give up completely? Why did all these change at this time?
	Was it because of the baby in her belly? Melinda touched her belly unconsciously. The baby came at a bad time.
	"Linda, I'll take care of it. Just stay here and have a rest, okay?"
	Half kneeling on the ground, Jonas looked expectant, which made people feel as if it was a crime to refuse him, so Melinda nodded.
	She would just ignore all these troubles.
	Now there was nothing more important than the baby.
	Jonas asked Queena to come to the hospital to accompany Melinda, and he even arranged a nurse and a servant to take care of her. Seeing this, people in the hospital began to guess whose wife Melinda was.
	Queena arrived at the hospital and then Jonas left. He thought he had solved everything, but he didn't expect that Emily would make such a trouble.
	Jonas had asked William to investigate where Emily lived. Now Emily was quite happy at home, browsing the news online.
	Everything went as she expected, and she really looked forward to the expression on Melinda's face now.
	Looking at the congested traffic in front of him and the stream of traffic behind him, Jonas felt a little annoyed. It was rush hour now and there was a traffic jam on the road.
	He turned on the radio and it was an entertainment channel. The announcer was talking about the incident that Emily had posted on the Weibo today. Jonas wished he could strangle Emily now.
	The ringing of the phone made Jonas slightly calm down. He calmed himself down and then answered the phone.
	It was a call from the PR Department of Soaring Group. They were all confused about how to deal with this matter as why they knew nothing that their boss was about to get married.
	Moreover, the company's official wechat had been attacked by the netizens, saying various things.
	"Don't worry. I'll take care of it as soon as possible," said Jonas. If the Soaring Group stepped out for this matter, the netizens would be more excited, so the Soaring Group had better not say anything.
	"Mr. Jonas, people on the board of directors say they want your explanation." The manager of the public relations department hesitated for a long time and finally unveiled the truth. He was very depressed because these board members would make trouble every day.
	But it was undeniable that most of the people here were incited by Aron to come here.
	"Explanation? They still want to meddle in my private affairs? Ask William to show the company's performance to them."
	Jonas was already in a bad mood. The members of the board of directors had offended him and the manager of the public relations department was choked up, not daring to say anything.
	But he cursed William in his heart. William had asked him to deliver the message on purpose, because he knew that boss would get mad at him.
	Jonas threw the phone on the passenger seat. Being worried, he wasn't able to take care of himself. He had even forgotten that the traffic jam would be so bad at this time.
	After more than an hour, when Jonas arrived at Emily's home, it was almost eight o'clock. Emily had ordered food online. Hearing the doorbell, she thought it was the take out.
	He walked in the dark with a malicious and frightening expression. Emily released her hand from the doorknob and cried out in panic, "Jonas! Why are you here?"
	She had long realized that if she had posted that article, Jonas would definitely come to her, but she didn't expect that he would come so soon.
	"Emily, don't you understand what I said? What does that post mean?"
	His voice was dignified. It sounded like a man who had stayed in hell for a long time with a sense of death.
	Emily's heart was strained. When she made this decision, she had never thought that Jonas would be so angry. She was scared at this moment.
	She stammered, "I... I just... "
	"Emily, if you want to die, I can help you."
	Jonas didn't forget that when Melinda heard the news, she looked at him with a shattered hope.
	It took him a long time to build a trust every time with Melinda. However, the breaking down of it was just a casual act of these people.
	Hearing this, Emily was stimulated. She slammed the door hard like a madman and shouted with red eyes, "What can I do? I just like you so much."
	She liked Jonas so much that she wanted to possess him. That was why she had come up with this idea.
	She began to be reckless and fearless. She had nothing now, so she had nothing to fear.
	Emily slipped down the door and sat on the ground, murmuring, "I just like you so much that I came up with this method."
	It was not a good choice. She knew it would cause this, but she still did it.
	Rage burned in his heart. Jonas realized that arguing with Emily didn't work.
	She was like a maniac, destroying everything she didn't like at all.
	"Emily, don't forget what I said this afternoon. You can get away from the court if I don't pursue the kidnapping. If you don't give me a satisfactory reply about this matter, believe me, you will soon go to the police station."
	Jonas always warned people in a light tone, but no one dared to ignore his warning, including Emily.
	Hearing this, Emily burst into laughter with tears falling from her eyes.
	The man she loved most wanted to send her to prison. How ironic it would be.
	"Jonas, don't you think it's too late?" Emily said with a smile. Since Jonas didn't talk about it these days, she would certainly make a plan for her future.
	The first thing she needed to do was to clarify her relationship with the kidnapper.
	Jonas felt like he had ignored something important.
	"I've already bribed Jerry. Even if he was caught, he won't turn me out. There should be evidence no matter what happens. And many police saw that I was also a victim of the kidnap."
	Jonas frowned at her words, and didn't expect this. But thinking of how Jerry had behaved in the past, he laughed ironically.
	"You are so confident. Is Jerry that reliable?"
	Judging from their speculation about Emily's purpose of this kidnapping, he could have guessed a little bit. However, since Jerry had kidnapped Emily at the last moment in order to revenge, it was possible for him to betray Emily.
	As expected, after listening to this, Emily's face suddenly changed, and she began to doubt if Jerry would betray her. However, in the confrontation with Jonas at this time, it was like a conversation, and she couldn't show any guilt.
	"You'll know as soon as you catch him." After all, there was no news from the police station for so many days. Jerry was very clear and Emily was confident about Jerry's escape ability.
	"So what? Is it interesting for you to deceive yourself? I won't marry you. The rumors will be gone a few days later. By that time, your image, which you have just cleaned up for a few days, will be destroyed. Then you will really lose everything."
	Jonas had seldom said a ton of words, but these words were so heart breaking that they made Emily's fragile castle crumble down in an instant.
	She was more worried about such an end than anyone else. She was just burning her bridges.
	However, Jonas put the truth in front of him. Emily could not accept it. She covered her face and shook her head crazily.
	"No, you can't do this, Jonas. You promised me you would take care of me forever." Tears streamed down from Emily's eyes, but Jonas just looked at her indifferently and said nothing.
	"Jonas, if you don't marry me, I'll commit suicide and die in front of you!" Emily stared at Jonas with red eyes. She didn't believe that Jonas was still insisting on his decision.
Chapter 210 Dead End
	She was a gambler who came to a dead end and bet everything on Jonas, including her life.
	Emily remembered that in her memory, Jonas looked like the icy man, but he was softer than anyone else. He would not leave her in such an embarrassing situation.
	She had thought a lot of things and done a good job of comforting construction.
	She took control of the overall situation as usual, so she believed that everything was under her control. In the script she wrote, Jonas would definitely come back.
	Yet, reality often gave people a slap. Jonas did turn around, but his eyes were cold, without any warmth. He looked down at her from head to toe, which made Emily lose her madness in an instant.
	When Emily said that she was going to die, she was not afraid at all, but under the gaze of Jonas, she really felt she was dying.
	"Die? If you are willing to die, then go and do it. Don't you like to be famous? By that time, I will definitely ask the public relations department to create a chance for you to be popular after your death."
	With a sneer, Jonas looked at Emily with mockery. If he was still fooled by these tricks, he would be a real idiot.
	Emily panicked and looked at Jonas. Why was everything different from what she expected? Everything was off track.
	It shouldn't be like this, Emily shouted in her heart, but in reality, her throat seemed to be tied by a devil, and she couldn't make any sound. Only the sweat dropped on the tile, and it was dripped lightly.
	There was no need to waste time in talking with Emily. Jonas just let her stand there like a fool and leave without mercy.
	With a thud, Emily sat on the floor. The vase beside her was also smashed.
	"It shouldn't be like this."
	She looked at the debris with a confused look, thinking that if she really committed suicide, would Jonas eventually compromise? But if she did not control herself well, what if she really died?
	There was no way she could hide the secret after calling Jonas in advance.
	Emily nodded and shook her head repeatedly, just like a person who lost mind. She put a broken bottle on her wrist, imagining the bloody scene that the blood vessel was cut.
	She wished that this scene could happened to Melinda.
	While thinking of this, Emily threw the debris aside and stood up from the ground. Her confusion or anything else was gone.
	The reason why Jonas was unwilling to accept her request was that he hadn't been satisfied in this matter. Since netizens' comments would affect him, she continued to do that.
	With a smile at the corners of her mouth, Emily looked like a bride who was waiting for her own happiness.
	There was a mess in her bedroom. Emily searched for it and finally found her phone. She turned on the Weibo and found that the previous comments had been suppressed by another news headline. So she guessed that it must be some of the works of Jonas.
	He didn't respond, because he was afraid that she would have another plan. The media of the entertainment circle were all very sticky and difficult to get rid of.
	It was true that Emily had prepared for the later part. No matter what the PR Department of Soaring Group said, she could take a rhythm, making things hotter.
	But she didn't expect that the Soaring Group didn't say anything but released a breaking news to keep people calm.
	At the same time, Emily edited another post on Weibo, intending to post it on the top page when the number of people online was the highest, so that it would be more trending soon.
	She prepared well in the round, while Jonas returned to the hospital. Knowing that Melinda had fallen asleep, Jonas trod more lightly.
	The door was pushed open, and the outside moonlight fell through the gap between the curtains to Melinda's body, which gave her a vague sense of security, as if she was a follower of the moon.
	Sitting next to Melinda, Jonas touched her cheek with great affection. His fingertips were rough. Frowning, Melinda turned her head to one side. Seeing this, Jonas smiled and withdrew his hand.
	Until now, he felt that it was good to quietly protect Melinda by her side.
	The netizens found the recent updates very interesting. After the news of Emily's marriage came out again, she began to talk about the feelings she had suffered in their relationship.
	The one who had hurt her was none other than Melinda, who was Jonas's official wife, but was regarded as a mistress by Emily.
	In addition, Emily said that she lacked a sense of security even at the point of getting married. Now, Melinda was entangled with Jonas. Moreover, she was very cunning, deliberately revealing some of Melinda's information.
	It was hard to imagine how the netizens could be able to find people. Soon enough, a group of netizens began to scold Melinda on her Weibo account.
	The news spread so fast. The Soaring Group public relations department had already been off duty at this time. And only when they checked the wechat moments that they saw this news.
	The director of the public relations department immediately felt uneasy, but he quickly contacted Jonas.
	"I think she really wants to die." Jonas's sullen voice made people chill. The director of public relations covered himself tightly with the blanket over the phone. He knew it would happen. Emily was really annoying.
	She couldn't live without something happening every day. He didn't know how many times the public relations department worked overtime because of Emily.
	"Let's wait and see." Leaving the words to the director, Jonas hung up the phone. His mind was in a mess now and he didn't want to talk to Emily, but she would always come out to show her value of existence.
	Jonas had planned to hide this news from Melinda. But how could he possibly hide it from her since the public all knew about it.
	"Linda, I will solve it as soon as possible." Seeing that Melinda just silently leaned against the bed and said nothing, Jonas was really in a fluster.
	What he said, however, made Melinda laugh. Her eyes were clear and no emotion could be sensed, so there was no smile in them.
	The wide hospital gown made her look a little weak, but her questioning was clear. "Jonas, what makes me believe you?"
	The news of their marriage had not been settled by bill yet, and now here came the news, Melinda was full of disappointment.
	The door was pushed open, and Nelson and Queena came in. Obviously, they knew the news. Queena saw that there was something wrong between them, and handed the tonics prepared in the early morning to Melinda.
	"Anyway, health is the most important thing. Let them handle it." After Queena persuaded her, Nelson brought Jonas to the side.
	He could hear the rhythmic sound of the crutch falling on the floor. If Nelson's beard grew longer, it could follow the rhythm.
	"Jonas, I don't ask you because I trust you. But how did you deal with this matter? Since Linda is pregnant now, she is very sensitive to emotional changes. What do you think about this chain of news?"
	Instead of reprimanding him as usual, he carefully analyzed the current situation with Jonas.
	"Grandpa, I'll take care of it." Jonas pursed his lips and said. His eyes couldn't help but fall on Melinda next to him. She was very calm eating the things brought by Queena.
	"I'm old and not able to meddle in your affairs. You'd better know what you're doing," Nelson sighed. Jonas said that he knew how to deal with it. Although it made people feel relieved, it was not convincing at all.
	The ward was not as lively as it was yesterday. Melinda told Nelson her decision after breakfast, "Grandpa, I think I can take good care of myself and my child. It's better for me to leave Gu family alone.'
	"Linda, is it because..." Hearing this, Jonas was flustered. He wanted to say something, but was interrupted by Melinda. "Jonas, I need to rest quietly now."
	Her light smile and calm manner made Jonas too lost to say anything.
	Everyone could see that Melinda began to dislike Jonas and even didn't want to see him. The public opinion on the Internet became intense again and the personal information of Melinda was completely leaked out.
	Melinda's phone received lots of abusive and threatening messages every day. Many people also knew that she was in hospital, but they said that the baby in her belly was not Jonas's but another man's.
	And she, Melinda, was a mistress who specialized in destroying other people's feelings and even having an affair with many men, and the child in her belly was a bastard.
	All kinds of vicious words attacked her.
	All the comments online were full of abusive words for Melinda. Some people also made it sound deliberately. Nelson had been waiting for Jonas to solve the problem, so he was flustered now.
	"Melinda can't stand any irritation. You must settle this matter as soon as possible in whatever way!"
	Melinda was emotionally unstable and needed to have a good rest. If she was irritated, it would do no good to both her and the baby. This also hinted her when the doctor gave her a routine examination.
	"Yes." Jonas just nodded and called the PR department to cooperate with William to hold the press conference.
	It was obvious that there were a lot of netizens lurking among the netizens, who were able to control the opinions of the netizens. When Jonas saw Melinda read the message and smiled, his heart twitched.
	"Grandpa, please take good care of her." He was supposed to attend the news conference, but he was worried about Melinda. Although she didn't want to see him recently.
	"That's enough. You can go to handle it now. I have arranged someone to guard here." Nelson didn't expect that Jonas did not go to solve it since he wanted to take care of Melinda. He was at a loss whether to cry or to laugh.
	Jonas nodded and looked at the ward. Melinda was still calm and even looked at her phone with a faint smile.
Chapter 211 Say It Specially To Me
	It was a battlefield without guns on the Internet. In this turmoil, Melinda smiled at the text list in her mobile phone.
	But only she knew that she was bitterly disappointed.
	It had been two days since the incident happened, but Jonas hadn't handle it well. 'It wasn't his style to handle it, or just because Emily.'
	Melinda was lost in thought, and she did not notice Nelson come in until his hand fell on her shoulder and patted it. "Grandpa."
	"What are you thinking about?"
	Nelson asked with a smile. The nurse was observant. She fetched a soft chair for him and adjusted a comfortable position for Melinda.
	She threw the phone behind the pillow and shook her head, "nothing, just chatting with my colleagues. They care about me a lot."
	In fact, if he really greeted her, it would be Victor. At this moment, she had experienced the real world again.
	Nelson didn't say anything but nodded. He looked around and said to the caregiver, "this room is too quiet. Turn on the TV."
	The nurse didn't suspect him and turned on the TV. The remote control was beside the bed. After a while, Nelson took out the presbyopic glasses from his pocket and put them on his nose.
	With the remote control in his hand, Nelson began to transfer channels. To Melinda's surprise, what he was doing this time was not a TV station that represented the political law, nor a financial program, but an entertainment station.
	Nelson chattered with her. The topic changed dramatically. It became a background music.
	At the same time, after leaving the hospital, the news conference was held at a fast speed. The media that had just gathered, and they were trying to figure out what others knew.
	"Boss." William heaved a sigh of relief when he saw Jonas. The press conference was urgent, and it was a live broadcast. If Jonny didn't catch it, Soaring Group's stock market would probably plummet today.
	Jonas nodded to him, tidied up his clothes and asked, "have you arranged everything?"
	"All the journalists have arrived. The conference will begin in five minutes. We will start live streaming." 'It's time for you to show up in front of me!'.
	In fact, the preparation of the press conference was rather tense. If it was not for the fact that Soaring Group had a good reputation and attracted a lot of attention, these reporters would not have come so fast, and they even tried to distress Jonas.
	The press conference was conducted by the manager of public relations and William. Jonas trusted them and didn't ask more about it. Under the guidance of William, he came to the backstage.
	Five minutes passed in a blink. The manager of public relations department said the purposes briefly, and then turned to Jonas.
	Nelson was chatting with Melinda when he heard the words 'Soaring Group' coming from the TV. His eyes flashed with surprise. He stared at the TV and commented. "The people in the company are becoming more excellent. Good job. "
	"I don't know much about the company."
	Melinda covered herself with the quilt, with her eyes wandering. When Nelson transferred to this channel at that time, she felt strange, and at this moment it seemed to have got the answer.
	"Don't worry about them. Just leave them to me. You can do whatever you like." Nelson said happily. He only hoped that Melinda and Jonas could get along well.
	If it was someone else, wives might not know much about the business, but they needed to know more people who could help their husbands.
	Besides, if they have a child, she'd better stay at home and look after him.
	Melinda didn't say anything, but smiled and looked at TV in Nelson's expectant eyes.
	Jonas had changed a suit. It was dark blue, which made him look calm and mysterious. The sapphire brooch and the cuff link showed his modesty.
	As soon as he appeared on the stage, he became the focus of the whole crowd. Immediately, those reporters were excitedly surrounding him.
	Seeing this, the manager was still embarrassed. Why did it happen every time the boss showed up without any change.
	"All the questions will be answered by our boss. Now please go back to your seats."
	Then the manager kept silent and secretly glanced at the calm but powerful Jonas.
	"I want to make it clear to all of you that all the comments online these days are all fake hypes. Soaring Group didn't make any response to these. We just don't want to deal with these disgusting hypes."
	Jonas said in a hateful tone. Jonas was filled with dissatisfaction with Emily's insatiable practices and acquiescence of her company.
	"But I didn't expect that she would be so shameless and insatiable that she would go even further. And that would affect my love."
	When it came to Melinda, his eyes were full of tenderness. Many women before the TV felt that it was almost a daydream to let a cold man show such tenderness if he didn't love deeply.
	The word "lover" was also deeply rooted in Melinda's heart at this moment. Her heart contracted at that moment. She was nervous, expecting for what Jonas would say next. She was nervous. In fact, the so-called lover was not her, and she was happy for nothing.
	She couldn't believe his love for her any more easily.
	The feeling of falling from heaven to hell was so terrible.
	"I hope the netizens could see the truth and do not harass Melinda anymore. I love only Melinda for my whole life."
	He looked straight at the camera, as if he was sure that sitting in front of the TV, Melinda could hear his confession.
	Jonas had told his grandfather about this. He was sure that his grandfather would help him with that.
	Just now, she was still somewhat hesitant, as if a warm current was injected into her heart, which made her glamorous.
	"Grandpa, did he say these words specially for me?" However, these warmth had been driven away by those words on the Internet in an instant.
	Those vicious words had trained Melinda into an calm woman, so she said it to Nelson.
	Nelson's smiling face froze. He didn't give any response for a long time.
	"Linda, what are you talking about? He didn't mean it." Nelson was nervous. His original plan was to prevent Melinda and Jonas from misunderstanding each other. If they misunderstood each other in the end, it would be a bad thing.
	Nelson had never been afraid of anything in his life. At this moment, he began afraid to understand the minds of these young people.
	It was still going on. There was a slight smile on Jonas's face. Everyone knew how sincere he looked, but Melinda felt that all this was being shown.
	All these he'd done was for the company
	However, she stroked her flat lower abdomen gently, and tried her best to control herself from ignoring the feelings in her heart.
	Only Melinda knew clearly how deep she was in love with Jonas.
	"Grandpa, it is impossible for you to watch such kind of TV series in normal times," She took the water by the table and took a sip. Looking at Nelson, her eyes were clear.
	She had a thorough understanding of the situation, so it was impossible for her to escape.
	"The reason why Jonas admitted the relationship between you and him in front of the media was that he hoped that the netizens could not be cheated by Emily. Moreover, he said that you are his wife just because he did not want you to be hurt anymore. He did not do that on other purpose."
	She put the glass down and stopped drinking. "Grandpa, thank you very much for what you have done for me."
	"Linda, what are you talking about? We are of the same family." Nelson thought whether she was showing mercy, but she ended up lying on the bed regardless of him.
	She had not recovered from a serious illness, so her face looked rather bad. At this moment, her eyes were closed, and her long curly eyelashes were trembling like the wings of a butterfly. She looked a little fragile.
	Her fingers clenched into fists under the quilt. After closing her eyes, her ears were more sensitive. The TV was not turned off, and the conference continued.
	Jonas didn't talk much after that. He just gave the report to people in the PR department.
	Her attitude made Nelson helpless. Looking at her stubborn appearance, he sighed helplessly, and then said, "have a good rest. I won't force you."
	She murmured under the quilt, and then she slightly turned over with her back to Nelson.
	Nelson took a look at the caregiver. He said a few words to the caregiver who had been staying outside before he left. The Gavin was also waiting for him outside. Gavin was surprised to see Nelson coming out, but Gavin didn't ask anything.
	"Tell Jonas what happened here. What will happen in the future depends on him." Nelson ordered the Gavin. Gavin nodded and sent him downstairs. The driver was already waiting downstairs.
	Gavin saw Nelson get into the car and then sent a message to Jonas, telling him that Nelson was worried about the matter in the hospital, so Gavin was left alone to take care of Melinda.
	On the conference, there was a touch of anxiety appearing on Jonas's face. He hurried to speak a few words before the conference ended, leaving William and the manager of the public relations department facing a group of crazy media.
	Melinda's attitude was not what he had expected. At this time, he could not help but become flustered. It was said that pregnant women were the most sensitive. It seemed that he had not handled it properly.
	The only thing he wanted to do now was to get to the hospital as soon as possible and explain everything to Melinda.
	In the ward of the hospital, the live broadcast on TV was over and different advertisement was on. Though lying on the bed to have a rest, she didn't fall asleep yet. From time to time, the serious look of Jonas when he said he would only love her in his life came to her mind.
Chapter 212 To Be A Mother Is To Be Strong
	Jonas rushed to the hospital, but when he arrived at the floor where Melinda was, his feet slowed down a lot.
	He remembered clearly that Gavin had said in the message that Melinda was resting.
	Jonas opened the door and came in. The caregiver was reading the medical knowledge on the sofa aside. Seeing that Jonas walked into the ward, the caregiver quickly stood up from the chair and he made a gesture for her to be quiet.
	The caregiver smiled with understanding and pointed to the place where Melinda was. She told him that she had fallen asleep.
	She was entirely enclosed in the quilt, like an annoyed child. Jonas did not know whether her breathing would be uncomfortable or not. When he walked over and wanted to help her open a gap, he found that Melinda clutched the quilt as if she was holding a life-saving thing.
	He just sat quietly by the bed.
	The caregiver was observant. Seeing that Jonas sat by the bed, she left the ward silently and there were only the two people left in the quiet ward.
	"Linda, what should I do to make you understand me?" Finally, with a strong force, Jonas moved the quilt covering Melinda's head with his rough hands and held her fingers.
	His strength was very light, but Melinda's hand could completely be held in his own.
	In the middle of the rest, the doctor came to check Melinda. When he saw Jonas by her side and specially mentioned the emotions of pregnant women.
	The doctor dared. Other doctors dared not to poke the wounds of Jonas. It was just that Jonas could not get angry and left quietly.
	After Jonas left, the caregiver woke up Melinda. She got the checking of the doctor. It was a little complicated, but she was not a little impatient.
	"You have recovered well, but your body is too weak. You still have to take good care of yourself." The doctor was packing up his stuffs as he said to Melinda. This was the baby of Gu family. Couldn't they be more careful?
	"Remember, mood is the most important." Before leaving, the doctor did not forget to remind her. Melinda licked her lips and forced a smile. She knew better than anyone else that she had a knot in her heart and she was thinking too much.
	And she was very tired.
	"I'll take care of myself. Thank you, doctor."
	Melinda didn't sleep well, but she knew that she wouldn't be able to fall asleep if she didn't wake up and walk.
	Thinking of Jonas's press conference, in which he had made Emily embarrassed in front of a lot of people, she was a little curious about the situation on the Internet.
	"Where is my phone?" Melinda looked around but didn't find her cell phone. She was suspicious, for she remembered putting it in the cabinet by the bed.
	The caregiver was peeling an apple for her. She was a little surprised, but still told the truth, "Mr. Jonas said your cell phone was radiated large, so he put your cell phone far away."
	The so-called far away was the farthest one. It was the one that Jonas studied, which was the furthest one from Melinda in the whole ward. A small hanging basket was made with green vines. The cell phone was put in it.
	The combination of light colors would make people feel better.
	The caregiver quickly handed the peeled fruit to Melinda. After washing her hands, she went to the hanging basket to fetch a mobile phone, and at the same time, she took out a set of clothes from the closet.
	"These are the maternity dresses that Mr. Jonas prepared for you. They are used to protect you from radiation. You can wear them before you play with your phone for a while," the caregiver said. Those clothes were not found in the market. The materials of the radiation proof clothing were relatively special and all of them were not suitable to be washed, and their styles were relatively single.
	Jonas was very careful about this point, and he had ordered someone to collect a pile.
	Melinda would never refuse such things as good for the baby. Seeing that she had no resistance, the caregiver was greatly relieved.
	Melinda took the phone and opened the website. The caregiver was looking after her. She said, "Please check how my dinner is going."
	She paid close attention to the whole thing secretly and didn't want anyone to know. The caregiver must be someone of Jonas's, so Melinda kept an eye on her.
	"Okay, call me if you need anything."
	Melinda's diet was specially prepared, and there should be no smell of oil and smoke in the ward. Even if the kitchen was equipped in the ward, it was prepared in another place in a short distance.
	But when the caregiver saw that Melinda asked her to leave, she didn't say anything more.
	Anyway, basically, this hospital was arranged by Mr. Jonas. She didn't worry about Melinda being hurt or something like that.
	As soon as the press conference was over and the public relations department had a good effect on the Internet, the netizens had been accusing Emily of disgracing other people's marriage and making up stories.
	"Bitch, you fucking bitch, disgusting."
	"Emily, we should call her hypocritical Emily."
	"I feel sorry for Melinda. She has been splashed with cold water like this. Her happy family was ruined. She hasn't made a sound until now. I don't know what's going on. I apologize for what I said before. I'm sorry."
	"Please don't report this woman any more, okay?"
	The comments below Emily's Weibo were all from netizens, which flooded the Internet. The Weibo account of Melinda was also not spared, but now mostly the netizens apologized to her for their mistakes before.
	Seeing this, Melinda felt much better.
	At the same time, a sound of smashing came from Emily's apartment. The whole living room was in a mess. She smashed everything that could be smashed on the floor, as if she was crazy.
	"Go to hell, all of you!" Emily took out a cup and smashed it on the floor. She was so close to a breakdown. She had cut her means of retreat. She had only lost the hope of turning over in the sea.
	She didn't expect that Jonas would be so cruel this time.
	"Jonas." Hatred could be seen in Emily's eyes. She felt so hurt by Jonas, the man she loved. All of her confidence was destroyed completely this time.
	The next day, the comments circulated online at a much more frightening speed, becoming a hot topic. And there were only a lot of criticism against Emily.
	The TV in Melinda's ward was still on, and the channel that followed was just news. All the channel had started talking about this matter. She leaned on the bed, her hand resting on her lower abdomen.
	"Baby, Mommy is very happy now." Touching her belly with her hand, Melinda wore an infectious smile. Although the unborn child was only a little baby, she still liked to talk with him.
	It could be counted as a trust of the parents, who told their kids everything they couldn't tell to others.
	'He is my blood. He is the closest person to me.'
	"Those bad guys were punished anyway. This time your daddy didn't let me down." With so much disappointment, she was not daring to carry with hope, but the action of Jonas this time was quite decisive.
	It was completely out of her expectation. But she liked the result.
	"Don't worry. Mommy will be happy to recuperate and protect you. The outside world is wonderful, and I am waiting for you to come,"
	Melinda muttered to herself, her face glowing softly. She didn't care about what would happen in the future. At present, the most important thing for her was to protect her child.
	"It's good now."
	As Melinda spoke, something suddenly came to her mind. Her eyes flashed with excitement as she stood up from her seat.
	'Emily Bai, you have hurt me so many times, and I should give you something in return, shouldn't I?'
	While all netizens did not have time to react, some anonymous netizens threw away the negative news and evidence of Emily. Emily not only did a lot of crazy things for the sake of breaking other's marriage, but also smashed Jonas's legal wife's car.
	The video had strong effect.
	As soon as the video was played, a group of so-called insiders came out. It was the friends of some of Melinda's colleagues, and also some other things that she couldn't figure out came out.
	Anyway, more and more people gathered to see what was happening.
	These people might be either impenetrable or not, but undoubtedly Melinda's goal was achieved. This video had been stored in her hand for a long time, but she hadn't shown it.
	As soon as Emily saw this video, she was shocked. Her last resort fans still complained in the comment area that someone anonymous was trying to gain fame and the video was fake, but Emily knew it better than anyone else that the person on the video was herself.
	If it hadn't been for this video, she would have forgotten about it.
	During that period, Jonas adored Melinda very much. She wanted to frighten Melinda, but she didn't expect that it was photographed by the camera and released at this critical time.
	In the video, although Emily had a good disguise, they could still recognize her if they watched it carefully.
	Satisfied to see the reaction of netizens, Melinda also remembered last night that she was framed by Emily and thought of such a video, She had already got the surveillance video, but she didn't want to expose it at that time. But now, it would be better for her to release it.
	Otherwise, a group of shameless people like Emily could be judged as white as a piece of paper, and some people could even smear Melinda.
	But now the situation was completely different.
	"I don't know. Emily, do you like this gift?" Melinda said firmly, touching her belly.
	When Melinda was alone before, she had an indifferent attitude towards most things. As long as she was not hurt thoroughly, she would not fight back.
	But now that she had a baby, she wanted to be strong as a mother. She hoped that she could protect the baby with such a gesture so that the baby would not be hurt in her womb.
	Even if he didn't know anything now and was just a baby, it was said that pregnant women's behavior was most likely to affect the baby. 
Chapter 213 Mother In Law And Daughter In Law Are On Good Terms
	Melinda didn't want her child to suffer like this. It would be too hard for her.
	She would rather her child be more selfish and give others a hard time than troubling herself.
	"Although I like girls very much, now I really hope that you can be a little boy." Melinda gave a soft sigh. Girls were always soft. Even if they were stubborn, they were easily hurt.
	She couldn't help crying as long as she thought of the possibility that her baby would suffer the same pain as her in the future.
	The pregnant woman's mood fluctuated greatly, and Melinda's pleasure just now fell into sadness.
	After a while, a few tears fell on her cheeks. Nelson just pushed the door in. When he saw this, he immediately asked, "What's wrong? Who bullied you? Tell me."
	When Melinda saw it was Nelson and his words, tears welled up in her eyes. Nelson would say the same words every time he saw her cry, and he wanted to roll up his sleeves and beat the man who had bullied her up.
	"Grandpa, I'm fine." Melinda felt embarrassed as she wiped her tears.
	Nelson looked at Melinda suspiciously. The first thought came to his mind was what the hell the bastard Jonas did to her again. But seeing that Melinda looked good and she didn't seem to lie, he only said, "If someone bullies you, don't forget to tell me, will you?"
	Nelson was a little afraid of Melinda's hesitation now. This sentence would be repeated every time he saw her.
	"Well, I see. Grandpa, sit here please."
	Melinda stood up and pointed to the place beside her. Gradually, she calmed herself down.
	"Okay, don't stand up. Just sit there and rest."
	Nelson tried to stop Melinda when he saw that she wanted to get out of the bed to help him. Melinda continued to lie on the bed with her hands still on her abdomen.
	She suddenly understood why all the pregnant women she had seen before would put their hands on their stomach so frequently.
	This was a wonderful feeling that could only be felt as a mother. Perhaps many people thought that it was normal for a mother to be pregnant, which was not so exaggerated, but they absolutely could not understand how Melinda felt when getting the child in such a situation.
	"You look much better now. But you should stop crying. Otherwise, your baby will be a cry baby."
	"No, I don't think so. He must be a child who loves laughing very much." Melinda pouted her mouth, reluctant to accept the teasing from Nelson. Then she felt herself childish and could not help laughing.
	"Okay, it's a sunny boy." Nelson spoke out by convenience, then he felt that it would make Melinda misunderstand him, so he quickly said, "Or my little warm girl, both make me warm and comfortable."
	"Sure."
	Melinda had already decided the direction for her child to cultivate, which was to be optimistic. She hoped that he would love to smile so that he could heal everyone around him.
	"I saw the video online. Did you release it?"
	Nelson had already known the answer in his mind. The moment he found the video, he asked someone to check the IP address.
	What irritated him was that he had no idea of it at all. It seemed that Melinda had been wronged a lot before he knew it.
	"Yes."
	Melinda admitted it immediately.
	She was so bold to admit what she had done. Since she had done it, she had never thought of hiding it from anyone and was not afraid of being investigated.
	Otherwise, she wouldn't have posted the video.
	Nelson was stunned. He had thought that it was a coincidence that someone deliberately used it. He did not expect the real person to be Melinda. This was not her style.
	"Grandfather, I don't want to have my own baby see his mother get wronged when he is still in my belly."
	Melinda didn't want her child to see the scene of her being bullied.
	"Ha-ha-ha. Good. That's it."
	Nelson was glad to see Melinda in a good mood. She used the protection umbrella to protect herself just because of the baby in her womb.
	This was what he had been dying to see. Now it happened.
	At last, he felt a little relieved.
	"A mother should be strong. I am relieved to see that you know how to protect yourself now."
	Nelson couldn't help teasing Melinda. He also hoped that this child was a miracle. It could change her character and make her stop being weak. Moreover, it could improve the relationship between her and Jonas. The family was harmonious.
	"Yes, I don't think about anything now. I just want to protect this little guy." Melinda almost wanted to write all these into a book while speaking.
	"My silly girl, you shouldn't have been so tired. There are many people accompanying you, you know?"
	Although Nelson hoped that Melinda could be strong, he didn't want her to be independent and need no one's help. In this way, her grandson would have no chance to use his power in the future.
	Melinda smiled and didn't say anything. Nelson was afraid that she would be bored, so he told her a lot about what he had done in the army. Not long after, Queena came back from home with many things in her hands.
	"Auntie Yao, why did you bring so many things?" Looking at the piles of tonics, Melinda suddenly felt nervous. She was most afraid of these things, but now for the child, she would eat them all.
	But this made her feel a little guilty.
	"I'm not used to you calling me Auntie Yao. You can just call me Mommy. You can just regard it as that I don't have a son and give birth to a daughter like you." The caregiver came back at this time. She happened to take the things brought by Queena. Queena wiped her sweat and said to Melinda.
	She knew that Melinda would not accept Jonas for a while, so she simply wanted a daughter-in-law and abandoned her son.
	Her words made Nelson clapped his hands and answered "Good" three times in a row. It could be seen that the position of Jonas in the family had begun to decrease in a straight line.
	Hearing that, Melinda smiled too. The caregiver was busy now, so she was about to get out of bed and pour water for Queena herself. Queena stopped her immediately, "Just lie down on the bed. There are so many people here. If you need anything, just tell me."
	"Don't worry. I'm much better now. I've been lying on the bed, and my limbs are limp."
	That was true. Lying on the bed for a long time made Melinda feel weak. Although she was told to stay in bed for recuperation, she still got out of bed and moved from time to time.
	It didn't mean that she didn't value her baby. On the contrary, she thought highly of her baby, but she knew clearly that she could bear it.
	"Just take a walk with the help of the bed. When the doctor arrives, I'll ask him if you can go out for a walk," Queena said. The caregiver quickly prepared a plate of fruit salad, put it in the middle of several people, and packed it in a small bowl with soup that Queena gave her.
	"I have asked the chef to make this specially for you. It is good for your health and blood. You should drink a lot later, understand?" Queena sat by the bed and took over the bowl brought by the caregiver, and blew on the soup.
	Nelson was even more relieved when he saw that. Queena accepted Melinda, and she was such a nice girl. Right now, the relationship between mother-in-law and daughter-in-law was very good.
	"I'm an old man who knows nothing. I'll go back first,"
	Nelson said as he stood up. Queena put down the things and held him. Melinda just sat up a little, and then obediently went back.
	"Grandpa, you ask me that don't think too much, but you don't behave yourself. Don't worry too much. I'm pregnant now, so I can't help you dye your hair."
	Melinda thought of something that Nelson was worried about her all the time, so she couldn't help saying. Hearing that, both Nelson and Queena laughed.
	"Yes, Dad, just enjoy your life in the future,"
	Queena echoed her. Nelson laughed and nodded, "Okay, from now on, I'll enjoy my life."
	Gavin was waiting outside. Melinda thought that it was a waste of talent to keep Gavin here. She talked with Nelson for a long time and sent Gavin back to take care of Nelson.
	There was a mellow and fragrant smell of the soup in the ward, which made people feel comfortable and appetite. The pregnancy reaction of Melinda was not serious, and the soup made her a little hungry.
	"It smells so good."
	"Have more if you like it. It's no problem for you to drink it every day." Queena was delighted when she saw that Melinda liked the soup. This soup was warm. It's good for its taste when it was a little cold.
	Queena put a bowl in front of Melinda and was about to feed her in person, but Melinda suddenly sat straight.
	"Auntie Yao, I can do it myself."
	She was just raised up, so she was not so fragile that she couldn't take care of herself. Fortunately, Queena didn't insist, so Melinda drank the soup obediently. However, she had no appetite, and she put it down after drinking two bowls.
	"Normally, you should have a better appetite with a baby. Why do you eat so little? Does it not taste good?" Queena said sadly when she saw Melinda put down the bowl. She had tasted the soup and it tasted good.
	Melinda used to drink well, but now she was full.
	"It's delicious, but I'm used to eating less every meal and eat more meals every day," Melinda explained. She didn't want to make Queena feel that she didn't accept her kindness.
	"Just tell me what you want to eat. You should not make yourself starving, okay?"
	Queena knew that Melinda didn't like to bother others, but pregnant women always had a tricky appetite and liked eating strange things.
	"Okay, I will." As long as it was for the baby in her womb, Melinda had nothing that she dare not to do. A starved baby would never happen.
	"Linda, go home when you get better. Don't make us worry. We have someone taking care of you at home." After hesitating for a while, Queena opened her mouth. Looking at weak and fragile Melinda, Queena was always worried about her. 
Chapter 214 Complete Happiness
	"Auntie Yao, I can take care of myself." Melinda was still unwilling, and she had decided that she would resign and write her script. Then she would find a nanny to take care of her.
	When she said this, she avoided Queena's eyes and looked directly out of the window. Her floor was low, and she could just see the lush trees outside, and the emerald color seemed to be able to wash people's eyes.
	Queena didn't get angry, but held Melinda's hand with an understanding smile, "I know what you are worried about."
	Melinda's eyelashes trembled, but she did not speak. She pursed her lips into a line. There was a breeze outside the room, and the leaves were swaying. She was infatuated with what was happening outside, as if nothing had happened to her.
	Therefore, she just pretended not to hear what Queena had said.
	However, these tricks couldn't avoid Queena's eyes. She sighed in her heart, but here really needed a mediator.
	"The things you are worried about won't happen. I know well about Jonas. He doesn't like Emily."
	When Melinda heard the name of Emily, she raised her eyebrows and was unhappy. Queena knew she was right when she saw this.
	All of Melinda's worries came from Emily and her uncertainty for Jonas's love to her.
	"You know, because of the relationship between me and his father, he is very sensitive and resistant to love," Queena said in a low voice. Thinking of her failed marriage, she didn't know where to begin.
	And the most regretful thing for all these absurd things was that she hurt Jonas. Therefore, he distanced himself from love, which caused many misunderstandings between him and Melinda.
	A person would feel painful when he or she was confused with his or her own feelings.
	"Linda, no matter what, let's go home. Even if it's not for your health, you have to consider for the baby. You can't bear it, can you?"
	Queena said a lot, but she came to the subject. She knew very well about the mother's love for her child, and that kind of love for her child was something that an outsider could not understand.
	"Auntie Yao, everyone's feelings are different. As you said, I want to protect this child, so I won't be willful either. I can take care of him."
	Melinda was not cold and not distant, but her attitude was tough.
	She was a typical southern beauty, very graceful, with tenderness in her eyes, even if she was angry, which made people feel sorry for her.
	Melinda maintained the most basic politeness to Queena. Queena saw that she didn't like this topic, so he skipped over the topic, so that Melinda wouldn't feel bored.
	Melinda was a knowledgeable woman. Even though she was quick witted, the two of them had a good conversation.
	Jonas had a lot of things to deal with recently, but he would show up in the hospital on time at a fixed time. He was still in his suit and tying a tie meticulously, as if he had come from a business meeting.
	Bright as his shoes were, a loud sound could be heard even if he walked lightly. He was even more attractive than the stage lamps.
	"Mommy, you are here too." Just as Jonas pushed the door open, he saw his mother sitting beside the bed. He greeted her naturally, completely ignoring the uneasiness in the eyes of Melinda.
	"I am accompanying Linda. Have you just got off work?" Queena was delighted when she saw her son coming. She greeted him in a warm voice.
	As soon as Jonas came into the ward, he reached out to take off his tie and shirt buttons as if he was home, so as to relax his nerves of the whole day.
	"It's getting late. You should go home and have a rest."
	Taking a look at the customized watch in Jonas's hand, he then politely said to Queena. In fact, it was still early, but he needed to have something to get along with Melinda, so he could only send away his mother.
	Queena was a reasonable woman. Seeing that Jonas had something to say to Melinda, she did not stay any longer.
	"I remember that I have something to deal with at home, so I go back first. Linda, if you have anything, you can just call home and let me know."
	Queena just like Nelson did, she said goodbye to her before she left. Melinda didn't feel tired of it, so after listening quietly, she nodded and saw her off.
	Jonas closed the door. When he looked back, Melinda was unhappy. Obviously, she didn't welcome him.
	"Linda, how are you doing today? Are you feeling better?"
	He had gone through all kinds of ups and downs. In the business world, he was good at acting and hiding his emotions. At this time, Jonas completely ignored Melinda's bad expression and pretended to care about her.
	Melinda had thought that since her face fell, Jonas would leave. However, he sat beside the bed, picked up the fruit in the basket professionally and cut it for her with a fruit knife.
	Everything went so naturally. His wife was in the hospital, and he was busy with work during the day. And once he got off work, he came to accompany her without a break.
	Sitting on the edge of the bed, Melinda looked at what Jonas was doing. He cleaned the fruit carefully, placed it with a fork, wiped the water under the plate and put it next to her. Then he began to tell her the function of each fruit.
	"You eat first. I'll clean the closet for you." Jonas placed the fruit plate on her hand, and started to examine the clothes in front of her wardrobe.
	Melinda wanted to reject him at once, a little embarrassed. But Jonas was very calm, and even need to sort out the private items, and even a detailed inspection, even if there was anything wrong with it.
	In a short while, many of her clothes were eliminated by Jonas.
	"Jonas, what the hell are you doing?" Melinda looked at him in shock and she finally couldn't help shouting. Hearing her words, Jonas suddenly stopped and looked at her in confusion.
	"What's wrong?"
	Melinda took a deep breath and told herself not to be angry. This business man lowered the average value of the people in the world, which made her sad, but she still could not bear it.
	"Could you please not touch my things?" Melinda pointed at the clothes and said shyly, while Jonas suddenly laughed. It was really rare to see Melinda in such a shy look.
	"You're pregnant now, so it's not convenient for you to dress it. Let me help you tidy up."
	As he spoke, he began to clean up the whole ward. He went to the bed and found that the bunch of flowers was a little withered. He threw the flowers into the trash can, which made Melinda think that he did it on purpose. Within three minutes, the door was knocked open.
	Those which had been thrown out of the trash bin by Jonas now had a new substitute.
	"Those things are good. You don't need to throw them away,"
	Melinda said helplessly. If she was not pregnant, she would certainly have a shrew to argue with Jonas.
	"I'll change your clothes every three days, and flowers every day. Anything else?" said Jonas. Knowing her words were ignored, Melinda didn't say anything but to have some fruit in bed.
	It was a long time before Jonas finished what he wanted. He didn't sit beside Melinda until he got ready in the washroom. Seeing that Melinda had almost finished eating, he put the fruit plate aside.
	"Why did you release that video at this time?" Jonas asked as if it was a daily routine, and there was even a faint smile on the corner of his mouth. Melinda was glad that Jonas finally stopped. Hearing her words, his face looked bad again.
	"I think you are doing the right thing. In fact, you should have protected yourself like this for a long time." Noticing that Melinda's face darkened, Jonas guessed that she must have misunderstood him, so he explained in a hurry.
	Melinda used to be a forbearing woman, and he was very worried about her. Due to his limited ability, he was unable to protect her sometimes. As a result, his self-confidence always shrank by countless times in front of her.
	Hearing this, Melinda's face changed a little, and she began to reflect on herself. How could she make people feel worried?
	This time, not only Nelson but also Jonas agreed with her that she launched a counterattack.
	"Did Mommy mention going home with you?"
	Jonas asked as he touched her hair. Melinda nodded and did not say anything since she had rejected that.
	Melinda looked out of the window again. The contradictory feelings inside her made her uncomfortable. She struggled to go back to the Gu's mansion, but at the same time, she admitted Jonas.
	Now she just didn't want to go back with Jonas.
	"Linda, we should give our child a complete family, shouldn't we?"
	Jonas reached out and touched Melinda's hair. Her hair was as soft as herself, and it was comfortable to touch.
	She didn't like to dye her hair and she always wore a black hair.
	"The child's father and mother could be in love with each other and give him a happy family, and grandpa and grandma as well as the love and care of his great grandfather, these are what he should have." Every word Jonas said touched the softest spot in Melinda's heart.
	She didn't care about her own, but she did want her child to grow up in such a happy family as those described by Jonas. It would so wonderful.
	Like many people said, he won at the starting line.
	Melinda didn't say anything and sat there quietly. She was deep in thought. But Jonas didn't disturb her, but quietly stood by her side. He happily fiddled with her hair.
	He was somewhat addicted to it, and Melinda didn't notice the intimacy of this action of Jonas. 
Chapter 215 Wechat Moment
	The ward was filled with the scent of flowers. Instead of wearing the hospital gown as other patients did, Melinda was wearing the maternity dress prepared by Jonas.
	After thinking for a long time, Melinda still couldn't think it through. In the end, she decided not to make things difficult for herself.
	But when she came back to earth, she found that Jonas's eyes became gentle and full of love, like the moon's light spreading on the sea level, and looked gentle.
	"Have you decided?"
	Jonas asked as he saw Melinda's expression. But he did not care about the answer.
	He was quite satisfied with the current situation. If Melinda was unwilling to go back, he could just follow her. After all, it didn't matter where the family lived.
	"No,"
	Melinda shook her head, thinking that such a question was too hard. It was better to think less about it later. She just followed the flow of time, and there was always a way to get to the top of the bridge.
	"You'd better not think about it," Jonas said jokingly. Then he found a book out of nowhere. It was a taboo word for pregnant women in every month.
	"I can't stay with you in the hospital every day. You must keep this book in mind."
	Perplexed, Melinda took it and flipped through one page casually, and there were even comments on it. Curiously, she turned to the last page and asked in amazement, "You've read through this book."
	"Yes. It was at rest time during the work time. I was worried that you might not understand some meaning, so I marked it. I'll send whatever I've read to you later."
	There was no doubt that Jonas said these words naturally, which scared Melinda. In fact, Jonas had a very different IQ and EQ. he could read and understand books very quickly. If she had read all these books, it was estimated that she would have read them all during her entire pregnancy period.
	Melinda couldn't help but shiver.
	"What's wrong? Are you cold?"
	Seeing a tremble of Melinda, Jonas asked with concern. He quickly stood up from his seat and closed the window, turned on the heat and turned on the room temperature.
	"No, I just... I'm a little thirsty." After thinking for a long time, Melinda didn't know what a suitable excuse should be, so she said she was thirsty.
	She had eaten a lot of fruit and her mouth was a little sweet, so it's good to have some hot water. Melinda immediately smiled with satisfaction, her eyes crooked like crescent moons.
	As soon as Melinda finished her words, Jonas went to pour water. He found that the water was not hot enough and frowned. "What's wrong with the caregiver? The water isn't hot at all."
	What if Linda wanted to have some warm food? The caregiver was already passed by Jonas before she knew it.
	"Linda, the water is a bit cold. Let me get some hot water for you," said Jonas. It was hard for Melinda to imagine the scene that Jonas, in a suit, went to get water with those people.
	"Go ahead," Just now, Melinda was annoyed by Jonas, and she had no intention to ask him to stay. Jonas lifted the kettle with a helpless smile.
	In fact, there was a pot in the room, but it was too slow to boil water. He didn't want to keep Melinda waiting for too long, but apparently Jonas didn't guess that it would take a longer time to get the water from the water room in the hospital.
	After Jonas left, Melinda went through the book carefully, but before she could read three lines, the door was pushed in. Melinda raised her head and said jokingly, "Is there too many people in the water room?"
	As soon as Jonas left, Melinda wanted to remind him that not every ward had everything as convenient as theirs, so the water room was always crowded at any time.
	"What are you murmuring about? Are you crazy?" When Yulia walked into the ward, she looked around. Then she heard the voice of Melinda, but she didn't hear clearly.
	"Why are you here?"
	Melinda closed the book and looked up only to find that Yulia was wearing the latest customized bag of the A brand, with a limited edition bag in her hand. The watch in her hand was inlaid with diamonds. The flash made Melinda's eyes hurt.
	"I heard that you are pregnant, so I come here to have a look." As Yulia spoke, she arrogantly walked up to her bedside, like a small walking treasure house. Then she picked up a cherry and threw it into the mouth.
	Melinda was pregnant, so her family was happy. Moreover, she had gotten benefit from it. Seen from her clothes, she had been in good shape recently.
	However, when Yulia heard that Melinda was pregnant, she was still very angry. She managed to let Melinda leave the Gu family, but now there was a baby in her womb. It would be more difficult to deal with her in the future.
	"Thanks for your concern,"
	Melinda said with a sneer. She thought that Yulia was pretending to be nice to her, and she must want her child to disappear immediately.
	She had a strong sense of crisis, so she had to be alert against Yulia.
	Seeing that she was so nervous, Yulia was very happy. She felt that she still posed a threat to Melinda, and that was why she was so afraid.
	"Don't think too much. The reason why I come to see you is that I want to complete the mission given by my grandfather," Yulia said. She wasn't being hypocritical. She was just telling the truth. She came here out of Nelson's opinion.
	Leaning against the bed, Melinda watched her with a sneer. She would like to see what Yulia was going to do here today.
	"Now that you have seen me, you can leave now."
	Melinda didn't want to hurt her unborn baby because of such a despicable woman. However, these people always knew her pain. They would hit the nail on the head.
	"Yes, I've seen you. But as I said, it's a good time for you to get pregnant,"
	Yulia said in a low voice as she tapped her fingers on the table.
	Hearing this, Melinda's face suddenly turned pale. Apparently, she was pregnant after divorce. Now Yulia was mocking her like her child was an illegitimate child.
	Melinda's chest heaved sharply. She was pissed off at the moment since she had done so much psychological construction for herself.
	"Not bad. I feel happy that he come here at this time. Grandpa is also happy."
	Melinda tried her best to calm down and smiled impeccably.
	Nelson cared about her very much. Now that she had a baby, her status in Gu family could be imagined.
	Yulia could live a good life if she didn't misbehave. But if she insisted on bullying Melinda, she would have a hard time.
	Melinda didn't understand her provocation.
	"Don't make him happy for nothing if the child's father is not my brother. We still need to do the DNA test. It's not proper if the child's father's surname is Cheng or Jiang."
	With an innocent smile on her face, Yulia said maliciously. She said that Melinda had a chaotic private life and that the child was a bastard.
	"His surname is Gu, and grandpa will choose his name." Melinda was not in the mood, and she was clear about the humiliation in words. So she humiliated Yulia.
	Yulia's name was given by her mother, a home wrecker. She hadn't been admitted into the family, let alone let Nelson name her.
	"You!" Yulia pointed at Melinda with her index finger, but could not say a word for a long time.
	However, Melinda was in a better mood. It turned out that it felt so good to bully the one she hated.
	It seemed that she could try more in the future. She didn't know why Yulia was so brave that she came to the hospital to have a quarrel with her.
	"Baby, don't be silly like this, you'd better be as smart as your daddy and bully others." Melinda touched her belly and said to herself. But her words were heard by Yulia clearly.
	She suddenly lost her temper, but she didn't dare to do anything radical, even though Melinda just sat there.
	The baby in her belly is the most precious thing in her family. If something happened to Melinda because of her, Yulia had no doubt that Jonas would torture her to death.
	"Don't be too arrogant, Melinda. You are just having a child with my brother now."
	Any woman would give birth to babies. And she thought Melinda was just lucky to have Nelson's favor.
	The arrogance in Yulia's face remained unchanged, and even a little fierce. At this time, the door of the ward was pushed open, and she suddenly became dignified.
	Seeing that it was Jonas coming in, the expression on her face changed a lot, as if she was playing an opera.
	"Melinda, look how much my brother loves you. He is so busy with work but still came here to see you."
	Yulia didn't know that Jonas was here. She didn't notice the kettle in Jonas's hand and just greeted him casually.
	Disgusted by her flattering attitude, Melinda said casually, "Your brother just went to get water for me."
	"You must have waited for a long time. There are too many people in the water room." Completely disregarding Yulia, Jonas found a cup and poured a little hot water into it. Then he added some cold water in it.
	She tested the temperature of the water to make sure it was appropriate before serving it to Melinda. His careful care stunned Yulia.
	"Melinda, you are so happy," Yulia said again. And in the following, even if no one paid attention to her, she would show a sense of existence.
	When she called Melinda's name, she was so intimate that it didn't sound like disdainful at all.
	All of a sudden, Melinda's stomach churned with disgust.
	"You can leave now. The buzz is bothering me." Pulling the quilt, Melinda said to them irritably at this moment, completely ignoring the presence of Jonas and Yulia. Hearing that, Jonas threw a sharp glance to Yulia.
	Melinda was not like this before he left. Yulia must have done something wrong.
	Yulia didn't expect that Melinda would act like this. She panicked and said, "I'm sorry that I have disturbed you. I'll go back right now."
	Being involved, although Jonas was very upset, he had no other choice but to leave.
	After the ward was quiet, Melinda still felt uncomfortable. She selected two photos from her mobile phone and posted them on the wechat moments, which was taken when she got married with Jonas.
	She had kept these two photos of them till now and was reluctant to delete them. And now she could use them. She wanted to give a loud slap in the face to those who wished she had a bad time. 
Chapter 216 Perfect Couple
	Melinda was the sort of person who didn't like to share her moments with others. Now she suddenly posted something in the moments, and it was a kind of showing love. All of them couldn't help but think carefully.
	Among them, there were Yulia and Emily.
	Being hit again and again, Emily was completely lost in home. Melinda was in a good mood and recovered soon. After resting in the hospital for a long time, she finally got the doctor's approval to leave the hospital.
	"Although you are discharged from the hospital, you still need to be more careful. If you don't want to go back to the Gu's mansion, you can ask two people to come here to look after you. You can't refuse it."
	"Your home is small. I rent the opposite one, and the servants live there. If you need anything, just let them know."
	Melinda was going to pack up some things, but Jonas had arranged them all. As long as she was back home, she didn't need to worry about anything else.
	"You are just discharged from the hospital. Don't hurry to go back to work. Just stay at home and have a good rest." Jonas could not fully concentrate on his work now, and he was worried that Melinda could not take good care of herself alone. If Melinda nodded, he would definitely move here to look after her.
	He had to handle the company's affairs, otherwise he wished to protect her 24/7.
	"I have told you many times that I can take care of myself. Don't worry about me," Melinda said helplessly. She could not bear to see the black circles around Jonas's eyes.
	He had been running on both the company and the hospital and lost a lot of weight, but he was in good spirit compared with before.
	"Well, I believe you."
	Although Jonas said so, he still acted in his own way.
	After staying in hospital for a few days, Melinda felt her body soft. When she got home, she preferred to take a walk in the garden downstairs.
	Melinda arranged a hanging chair in the position for nourishing the fetus. She liked reading or watching news on that chair at dusk.
	"Mrs. Jonas, your cell phone is ringing."
	The servant ran out of the living room, with her mobile phone in one hand and the spatula in the other. It was a strange number.
	"Thank you." Melinda took the cellphone from her. After hesitating for a few seconds, she slid the screen to pick up the phone.
	"Hello, is that Melinda Mo? I'm Greyson."
	The name stayed on her mind for a long time before Melinda realized that it was the monitor's name when she was in college. They had never contacted since graduation, and she didn't know how the man found her number.
	"Monitor."
	"I'm so glad to hear you call me this. We haven't met each other since graduation. There will be a party in our class the day after tomorrow. Are you free that day?"
	The monitor was a straightforward person. He came straight to the point and asked. Melinda was surprised. She had never participated in these parties.
	"Yeah, we haven't met for a long time. But I have something to deal with recently and can't go. I will make an appointment with you next time."
	Since Melinda was not very affectionate to her college classmate, she refused to go back because she thought that she had just recovered a little.
	"Well, okay,"
	the monitor said regretfully. Then he changed another topic, and they hung up in a few words.
	Melinda didn't take it seriously. Next day, she received a call from Kent, inviting her to attend the classmate party.
	"Kent, why will you attend my classmate party?" Melinda was very suspicious. Wasn't this a class gathering?
	"There are other seniors in the party. It's a rare chance for us to get together," Kent said in a soft tone, but Melinda couldn't refuse.
	"Send me the address later."
	Melinda sighed silently in her heart. She finally compromised. She could just pay more attention to it in the party.
	Kent was very happy to hear that. He couldn't hide his excitement under the calm tone. "Okay."
	Time flied and the party was set at noon. It was in a famous star hotel in A City and there were three tables in total.
	Melinda wore a loose creamy white dress and flat shoes. Even without any make-up, her face was rosy. She looked very healthy during this period of time.
	"Isn't this Melinda? I almost failed to recognize you after not seeing you for such a long time. Have a seat, please." As the host of this party, the monitor, Greyson greeted to Melinda in a familiar tone, as if they hadn't been separated for years.
	"I don't think Melinda has changed a lot. She looks still the same as before. Who would believe that she has graduated from university?"
	Seeing that Melinda looked good without any makeup, one of the classmates couldn't help but admire her. Since Melinda had a child, she had been relaxed a lot. She looked younger than those who worked hard for their family and career.
	"Even if you want to praise Melinda, you can let her just stand there. There's a seat here. Melinda, come and sit here,"
	said Greyson jokingly. People gave way to Melinda to sit down.
	"How come Melinda has arrived and Kent has not come yet? Something is wrong," someone whispered, and Melinda was a little embarrassed. Then she heard someone at the next table calling, "There he is."
	Melinda looked at the door curiously and saw Kent, who seemed a little older than last time he met, appeared in the crowd. He had been through a lot.
	This was Melinda's first feeling, and then she sat down quietly.
	"Here you are! I thought you would not show up!" Kent's friend came to him and punched him on the shoulder gently.
	Kent was in a good mood. He directly took the wine on the table and poured a glass for himself. Then he said apologetically, "I was delayed by something before going out. I will punish myself with this glass of wine."
	"One glass is not enough. Three glasses are enough, right?" Those nosy friends began to dig a hole for Kent to jump in.
	Kent knew that these people had always been open-minded. If he compromised easily, it would definitely be a disaster for him. So he tried to refuse, and finally he couldn't help drinking three glasses of wine.
	Kent easily blushed when he drank wine. He had only drunk three glasses of wine, and now his face was a little red.
	"It seems that Senior Jiang is not good at drinking. Don't make trouble anymore. Let him take a seat." Greyson walked up to them and spoke for Kent, he finally sat down. The table they had arranged was very subtle, just next to Melinda.
	"Senior." Melinda nodded her head and greeted Kent next to her. They hadn't seen each other for a long time, but they were not too alienated.
	"You look good. How are you recently?" Kent stared at Melinda with a perplexed look. His deep love for her had been hidden in his eyes for a long time.
	He thought he could forget the face before him, but he couldn't forget it no matter how hard he tried.
	"Well, I'm doing well recently. What about you?" Melinda had been living a peaceful and comfortable life for a long time, and now she couldn't help smiling.
	"Everything is fine."
	While saying this, Kent avoided Melinda's eyes. Melinda felt that there was something wrong, but she could not figure it out for a while, so she could only smile embarrassed.
	"Hi, Melinda. Long time no see."
	Kent's roommate who lived with him in the university came to the side of the two. Seeing Melinda, he raised his glass to greet her, Melinda hesitated for a moment and then poured herself a glass of juice.
	"Long time no see." This person had the manners. Seeing that Melinda did not drink wine, he did not say much, but drank the wine in his glass quickly. At the same time, he looked at Melinda curiously.
	"It's very rare that you all get together. I'm going to a marriage-seeking for our great master, Kent. How do you girls think?"
	As soon as the man finished his words, Kent's sharp eyes ran to him. But he was familiar with Kent, so he didn't feel scared, still laughing.
	"Really? Are Kent looking for a woman to marry?"
	"I'm afraid he won't like us."
	…… Not long after, many women turned to look at Melinda simultaneously.
	Most of these people, who were the good friends of Kent when they were in the University, knew clearly in their hearts how much Kent liked Melinda. When Melinda got married, he was drunk and taken away by a group of people.
	When he got married, he also shocked a group of people. However, the situation didn't last long and Kent had divorced.
	"Don't listen to their nonsense! I've worked so hard to be single again. I don't want to get married at all!"
	What Kent said could be regarded as admitting that he had divorced. Melinda was a little surprised, and Kent did not mention anything about it to her.
	For a moment, she had mixed feelings. She felt that the person closest to her was also hiding something from her.
	"Don't be like this. You're saying that, but you won't do that when you meet the one you like. Why don't you date with Melinda? In everyone's eyes, you will be a perfect couple."
	The friend began to make fun of Kent again, but his tone was serious. Only his friends knew that the reason why Kent would divorce was that he couldn't forget Melinda.
	His wife could not endure his betrayal, so she volunteered for a divorce.
	She was tough and unyielding.
	"Yes, you can be together now. Isn't Melinda single now?"
	Her classmates echoed. They liked to see the drama unfold as a good show. Since they were still in the university, Melinda and Kent had been close to each other and often went to the library and study together.
	At that time, many people in the school thought they were together. But due to Melinda chasing Jonas so passionately, the rumors about them were less.
	Melinda and Jonas had divorced, and so did Kent. Now in the eyes of these people, they should be together. After all kinds of things, they would return to the same place.
	"Kent is a good man! He is no worse than that icy man. Melinda, you should think twice." Melinda's roommates began to incite her, but she just sat aside, smiling silently, quietly watching the fun of the crowd.
Chapter 217 Making A Big Mistake
	Soon, the conversation went to the wrong direction. As a social expert, Kent's roommate was also good at socializing as Greyson. Both of them tried to active the atmosphere.
	Looking at the scene in front of him, Kent felt strange but familiar. In a moment, he felt as if he had returned to the university.
	At that time, he was still a naive young man. He liked Melinda, and he would try every way he could to court her and made a lot of jokes.
	However, he had never confessed his love to her seriously, because every time he saw Melinda, she always followed Jonas.
	"Let's drink!" Kent poured a glass of wine for himself and shouted to his old friends in the university. They were so excited that they were blowing bottles.
	Melinda also poured herself a glass of juice, but she was caught by someone with sharp eyes, so she was named. "How can you drink juice, Melinda? It's a pleasure to drink today."
	"Sorry, I'm not feeling well recently. I can't drink wine." Melinda paused and then explained with a smile.
	She said those words calmly, like a stream of clear water. And people around her were embarrassed to let her drink.
	"It doesn't matter since Mellie doesn't feel well. We can drink whatever we want. The most important thing is to have a good time." Hearing that Melinda was not feeling well, a touch of worry appeared on Kent's face.
	He knew Melinda well. She was not a liar. Since she said she was not feeling well, she must be really uncomfortable. Since Melinda looked good today, he did not pay attention to it just now.
	"If you don't feel well, just tell me. We can have a party in the future. Why do you force yourself?"
	Kent could not help blaming her. He regretted that he had invited Melinda to the party. But now Melinda was paid attention by everyone and he thought that she must feel embarrassed.
	"It doesn't matter. We are happy as long as we see each other after such a long time."
	Melinda hadn't planned to let too many people know about her pregnancy, and she didn't explain anything. Kent was not in a good mood tonight. He kept smiling, but drinking.
	His cheeks were redder than before.
	They started to drink since noon. Till over three o'clock in the afternoon, Kent was in a dizzy state.
	Their dinner was solved in the hotel, and after that, they went upstairs to KTV. There were few people in the private room, and the food in the hotel was rather greasy, so Melinda barely ate.
	Next to her was Kent, who was drunk, sitting quietly.
	"Kent, are you okay?" Melinda frowned, stretched out her finger and gently poked Kent on his arm. Kent grunted, but didn't respond.
	He looked very uncomfortable, bending over the table, and his breathing was much louder than usual.
	"He seems to be totally drunk. Let's take him upstairs."
	"Don't bother. It's noisy in the KTV. Let me drive him home,"
	Melinda said after hesitating. Kent felt bad already and needed a good rest. She used to be scrupulous about gossip, but now she looked down upon those things and did not have as much thoughts as before.
	"Are you okay alone?"
	Melinda looked delicate and pretty, while Kent looked elegant but heavy.
	"It's okay. My driver is downstairs to help me." Melinda couldn't go out alone, so Jonas hired a driver and bodyguard for her.
	Melinda did not plan to leave with Kent right now, but asked a hotel staff to bring some things for sobering him up.
	With great patience, she also found the decoration of the room interesting.
	"Em..." Kent was not that drunk. After drinking the sober up tea, he had a rest and became sober, but his head was still a little muddled.
	"How are you feeling now?"
	Hearing the response of Kent, Melinda asked. Massaging his forehead, Kent looked at her in a trance, and felt that Melinda in front of him began to overlap.
	"I'm drunk," he said with an embarrassed smile, scratching his hair, and staggered up from his position. With her bag in her hand, Melinda went forward to support him.
	Now, she was pregnant and she had to be careful about everything. She was relieved when she saw that Kent could walk on his own.
	"It's okay. I can do it myself."
	Kent was still thinking about that Melinda felt uncomfortable. He let go of her and supported her by holding the table. The driver was to pick Melinda up. He was surprised when he saw Kent coming out. But still, he helped him when he saw Melinda followed behind this man.
	"Drive Mr. Jiang home."
	Kent was stumbled. The driver felt so anxious when he saw him walk so slowly that he wanted to carry him directly into the car, but he controlled himself when he thought of the impact.
	Kent was so drunk that he looked like a child. Wherever he looked, he wanted to see Melinda.
	The address of his home was changed back to where it was. Melinda let the driver to help her send him home.
	"Kent, I should leave now."
	After a bump on the road, Kent had been half-awake. Melinda knew that he was a man with strong control. Since he had arrived at the door, he would never let him walk in the wrong way.
	"Mellie, can you stay?" Kent held Melinda's hand and said with eyes misted. He couldn't stand to see Melinda leaving every time.
	He wanted to take Melinda's hand and walk to his house. He wanted to tell her this would be your safe haven and he would strive to support her.
	The driver was sitting in the front, but he selectively lost his sight and hearing, and ignored anything as if he couldn't see or hear anything.
	"Kent, you are drunk."
	A sense of guilt rose from the bottom of Melinda's heart when she saw Kent like this. However, when she thought of the baby in her belly, she still decisively refused him.
	Her words were with a hint of cruelty in her smile, which almost stabbed into the heart of Kent like a sharp knife.
	He was just using his drunkenness to speak, but now he couldn't say anything.
	"Mike, take Mr. Jiang upstairs. I'll wait for you downstairs." Melinda turned to the driver and said. The driver immediately felt lucky that he hadn't told the young master what had happened here in the beginning. See, the young lady still loved the young master.
	Mike quickly walked toward the car, trying to support Kent. But Kent dodged. Melinda sat in the car, watched the two go into the building, and then looked away.
	If one didn't like someone, brutal refusal was the best for him.
	Melinda understood Kent's love for her, and she would never be able to pay him back for the rest of her life.
	Sometimes, when it came to a relationship, it could be very cruel. If one didn't like someone, one would just turn him down.
	When the driver came down, Melinda ordered flatly, "Don't tell anyone what happened today."
	In fact, there was only one person she meant, Jonas. He was a pretty smart driver. He nodded his head and sent Melinda back home.
	Melinda's apartment wasn't far from where Kent lived. It was Kent who helped her find this place. The driver had followed her for the whole day, so she asked him to go back and have a rest.
	At the same time, in Melinda's place, Jonas walked up and down restlessly in the living room, with his eyes almost burning with anger.
	He called Melinda thousands of times, but none of them was answered.
	The sound of unlocking came from the door. Seeing that it was Melinda coming in, Jonas rushed over. She checked her body all over and finally relieved.
	"It's so late. Where have you been? I called you but you didn't answer. Are you trying to scare me to death?"
	Jonas asked several questions in a row. Just then, he found his fingers trembling.
	He was really afraid that something bad would happen to Melinda.
	Since Melinda was pregnant, she rarely played with her cellphone. So she didn't pay attention to it when the phone was out of power and she took it out to check until now.
	"Nothing. I'm a little tired and want to have a rest." With that, Melinda went straight back to her bedroom, found some toiletries and went to the bathroom, completely ignoring Jonas's reaction.
	Melinda's cold attitude made Jonas feel uneasy, but he didn't dare to ask as domineering as before.
	Melinda also knew that if Jonas knew these things, he would definitely be furious.
	She knew that his anger was not on her, but on the contrary, it was definitely on Kent. Now, Kent had lost his marriage. If his career was down again, he would be laughed at.
	As an outstanding person, Kent shouldn't have suffered so much alone.
	She had been guilty about Kent for countless times.
	No matter how anxious Jonas was, Melinda did not give any explanation. He asked the driver and he only said that Melinda went to a party.
	The next morning, Melinda was awakened by a cell phone ringing. She was in a state of excessive sleeping and couldn't get up every morning.
	"Hello."
	Melinda answered the phone in a daze, even yawning with her eyes closed.
	"Mellie, did I wake you up?" Kent's voice sounded a little guilty on the other end of the phone. He regretted calling Melinda as soon as he woke up.
	But on the other hand, he was worried that he might have done something radical last night.
	"No, what's the matter?"
	Melinda woke up and slowly opened her eyes. It was only seven o'clock and she was very tired.
	"I drank too much yesterday, so I wanted to ask you if I had done anything excessive. I just... Did I vomit?"
	After waking up, Kent had a splitting headache. He really couldn't remember what happened before, but faintly remembered that Melinda sent him home. Thinking of the emotions in his heart, he was afraid that he would do something bad, so he hurriedly called.
	Melinda paused, and then said as if nothing had happened, "No. you behaved well after getting drunk and just kept sleeping."
	In fact, she was very embarrassed. But she could not tell others what had happened last night.
	Kent breathed a sigh of relief and hung up the phone after he said a few more words of concern. But he knew Melinda well, and the embarrassed tone of her indicated that he must have done something.
	Fortunately, nothing serious happened. 
Chapter 218 A Successful Man
	"Phew!" The hangover made Kent's head painful, but he was sober enough.
	He clearly realized how much he loved Melinda in his heart.
	That was a mark carved in the bone. It was too difficult to get rid of it. He tried countless ways, but he still could not escape.
	"Just once, last time,"
	Kent murmured to himself, as if trying to encourage himself to do something. He felt that as long as he liked Melinda, nothing else mattered.
	He wanted to pursue Melinda again and bring a perfect outcome to the relationship.
	For all these years, the deeds of his pursuit for Melinda could be written into a book.
	Since Melinda had woken up, she was ready to go to the market with her servant, changing a set of convenient clothes. When she walked out of the room, the servant was just about to go out with her bag.
	"Good morning, Mrs. Melinda. Breakfast is ready on the table." The servant was also surprised to see Melinda get up so early, and she greeted her as usual.
	The reason why they were sent here by Jonas to take care of Melinda was that they were very thoughtful women. At this time, what she said and what she did had fully reflected their attitudes.
	"I'll go out with you."
	"The market is in a mess. You'd better take a walk in the garden downstairs if you want to go out. The air will be better with so many green trees."
	The servant was stunned for a while, and then she realized that what Melinda said was the market.
	She turned down her in an indirect way and made a better suggestion. After thinking for a while, Melinda also felt that she was not considerate enough.
	"Okay, I'll go downstairs with you."
	Melinda nodded her head. Thinking of Jonas's worry about her yesterday, she hesitated for a while and finally took her mobile phone.
	At this time downstairs, most of the old people from the neighborhood played with their grandchildren in the park. After a round of walk, Melinda felt a little tired and sat on the bench to rest.
	Maybe it was because she had a child, she now particularly liked to pay attention to the behaviors of those children. She even imagined that her child would act the same when he grew up.
	She was expecting this baby more.
	"Miss, your phone is ringing." With a football in his hand, the boy had a bright smile on his childish face. Hearing his words, Melinda came to herself, touched his head and said with a smile, "Thank you."
	"Kent?" Melinda frowned with suspicion and felt a little embarrassed.
	"Could it be that he thought of something else," Melinda murmured and answered the phone. Kent's voice was much clearer than before, and he was completely awake.
	"Mellie, I suddenly remembered that there is an art exhibition today. Do you have time to go with me?" Kent said. He liked to do whatever the woman wanted when he chased after women. Now he felt lucky that he had the same hobbies with Melinda, so he knew clearly what to start with.
	"Sorry, I can't go today, Kent." Melinda bit her lips. Thinking of what Kent said last night, she had scruples in her heart and chose to refuse, even if she wanted to watch the exhibition.
	There would be plenty of opportunities later, but she had to keep a distance from Kent.
	"If so, you can't refuse me next time," Kent said in disappointment, but he didn't force Melinda.
	"Hum." Melinda didn't give a straight answer, because she couldn't figure out what was in Kent's mind now. But women were always sensitive, so she could see what was in Kent's mind.
	It was said that a pregnant woman would become stupid for three years. Now, Melinda became smarter.
	The following attacks from Kent also perfectly illustrated this point. He invited Melinda out many times, but she refused all of them.
	From the beginning, she found excuses to not embarrass him, to ruthlessly refuse him. Melinda felt that her greatest mercy was that she did not let him see hope, but let him see the end directly.
	Since she was in a dangerous period in the first three months, she had to stay at home and rest. The child grew up day by day. No matter how busy Jonas was, he would not be absent from her examination every time.
	They seemed to be a couple, but Melinda was still reluctant to go back to the Gu's mansion.
	Compared with her nourishment, Emily looked a little bit miserable. After the scandal was spread all over the public, she had been as miserable as a street rat.
	How she wished her mother could not recognize her when she disguised herself and went out.
	Jonas was very cruel this time. Even if she wanted to prove her innocence, she could not find a way. She was a plague in everyone's eyes and they worried that they would get involved in it.
	There was always a dilapidated city behind the bustling city. The high buildings were in front of the dilapidated old city. Emily walked into the old part with a gaunt face, and finally stopped in front of a house.
	She asked the detective for a long time and found that Jerry had lived here.
	"Who is it?" After Emily knocked on the door for a long time, a little irritable voice came from inside, followed by the unstoppable door being opened.
	The door was opened, and Emily stepped back subconsciously due to the heavy wind and rain on the rooftop.
	Emily was shocked when she looked up. The man in front of her didn't look like the person he used to be. When he stood next to Jonas, he would look a mess.
	His hair was in a mess with the moustache. He looked 20 years older and his clothes were wrinkled with many stains, as if they had not been washed for a long time.
	"Long time no see." Emily reluctantly drew a smile, but it was inevitable that her eyes were full of disgust. Jerry glanced at her, took out a cigarette from his pocket, and blew the smoke on Emily's face.
	The smell of cigarettes made her cough, and he laughed happily. "Isn't this the superstar, Emily Bai? I almost couldn't recognize you."
	Emily hadn't had a good sleep since the accident. She looked haggard, with sunken cheeks. She was in the same state as Jerry.
	"Yes, I've had a hard time recently, but it's just temporary."
	Emily would never admit that she was abandoned by the entertainment circle and there was no chance for her to turn over. She escaped in front of others, but she began to be conceited in front of Jerry.
	"Alright, hope your daydream come true as soon as possible."
	Jerry sneered and was about to go back to the room, but he was stopped by Emily when closing the door.
	"Cooperate with me."
	"Cooperate? I'm afraid that you haven't woken up yet."
	Jerry felt that he had heard some nonsense. He looked at Emily and taunted her. The last cooperation was still vivid in his mind.
	Now his identity had been exposed, and he was of no use to her. Last time, Emily was betrayed by him, so it must not be out of kindness for her to cooperate with him again.
	"Let's have a talk." Emily shook her wallet. Seeing that Jerry lived in such a place, Emily guessed that he must be living a bad life.
	Last time, she fled away in order not to be threatened by Jonas, she gave him a certain amount of hush money. But Jonas's men were still looking for Jerry in private.
	Jerry could only run about all day long without having a meal, and his money was completely swindled of.
	Emily had so much money with her when coming here. Jerry hesitated.
	Seeing the money, Jerry's eyes were shining with excitement. Emily was satisfied with his reaction.
	Now that the matter could be solved with money, it was not a problem. Emily pushed away Jerry's hand and walked straight into the room.
	There were also many take away foods which made the room smelled strange as it hadn't been cleaned for a long time. With one hand covering her nose and the other waving her hand, Emily turned her eyes to Jerry and said, "You can live in such a room as a kennel, seriously?"
	She provoked Jerry on purpose so that he could choose to cooperate with her. It was simple to change the current situation as long as he had money.
	Jerry's face darkened. If possible, no one would be willing to live such a life.
	"Then don't come in." But even so, he was at ease. He walked to the sofa and sat down, and drank the beer.
	"Are you really not going to think about it? As long as you cooperate with me, these money will be yours." Emily took the thick wad of money out of her bag and showed it to Jerry. A glimmer of hope appeared in his eyes.
	With these money, he would be able to get rid of these difficult days. But he was hesitant, because he thought that the reason he ended up like this was exactly because of Emily.
	The past was tough but not messy.
	"I didn't expect you to be so generous. You are even not moved by these money." Emily threw the money on the old wooden table, crossing her legs and trying to make herself look elegant.
	But her gaunt figure made people feel horrible.
	"Who knows what terrible things you want me to do?" Emily had no opinion of justice and Jerry had experienced it before.
	Emily was a vicious woman.
	"You probably don't know that Melinda is pregnant. It is said that Nelson happily intends to give half of his shares to the child. As long as the child is under 18 years old, these are all Jonas's,"
	Emily said sarcastically, deliberately provoking Jerry. Seeing that he had changed his expression, she continued to ridicule him.
	"You and Jonas are of the same father. It's fine that your grandfathet doesn't admit you. Now that Jonas has owned the business, a wife and a child, he is a successful man. But look at you, such a coward in such a small rental house."
	Jerry hated most when people said he was the child of Jonas's father, and he cared most about Jonas. Most of the time, he would think that if he were Jonas, that man would take a few more looks at him, and his mother would not be depressed at the end of the day.
	But all of these were just assumptions.
	"You are also the child of Gu family, but you have nothing. You are living alone. How can you compare with the unborn child of Melinda?"
	No one knew whether Nelson did transfer the shares to Melinda's child, but Jerry was really irritated by Emily. 
Chapter 219 Boast
	His face was emotionless except for anger and hatred. He looked at Emily with red eyes, as if he wanted to swallow her alive.
	Emily looked calm, but she was a little afraid.
	She was really worried that Jerry would do something extreme after being provoked by her. There were only two of them in the room, and she would be the one who would be hurt.
	"Okay, I promise to cooperate with you." As Jerry spoke, he reached out and picked up the wad of money on the table. He patted the money and made a deep sound.
	The hatred inside his heart was all triggered at this moment.
	He didn't know well about Emily's plan, but all he wanted was to get the money and take revenge on Jonas. Anyway, he was in a terrible situation now, at least it would not be worse.
	After the cooperation, Emily didn't say anything but left. After a period of time, Melinda went to the company and prepared to go back to work.
	"You do so many things as soon as you came back. You are indeed a capable woman." As soon as Melinda entered the office, she began to inspect the documents piled up in front of her.
	It was the situation that had been appearing in the office since Melinda started working for a week.
	"I have rested for such a long time." Melinda had too many things to deal with, but she would not force herself to finish them in a hurry, but simply act according to her physical condition.
	Instead of working so hard as before, she should rest as much as possible to keep her health.
	"Nice to meet you. I'm Melinda Mo." Melinda was working on her desk and picked up the landline phone.
	She thought it was a customer or a writer, but she didn't expect him to be her grandfather.
	"Linda, your father is sick. You should go to see him." Leonard' tone showed his anxiety. He was naturally worried since it was his child who got sick.
	The two of them lived in the countryside. Even if they were worried, they couldn't make it in time. That's why they came to find Melinda.
	Melinda's phone was put in a drawer, so she didn't see the phone call when she was doing her work carefully. Then Leonard called her landline phone.
	It was that Melinda had called him with the landline telephone several times before, and he had recorded it carefully.
	"Dad is sick! Grandpa, I know. I'm going there now." Melinda had not contacted her father for such a long time, afraid that her situation would be known.
	She had always failed to know her father's temperament.
	"Don't worry too much. He is always healthy." Seeing how worried Melinda was, Leonard could not help comforting her, and also comforting himself.
	But the healthier he was, the more terrifying Melinda thought it was.
	Many people took good care of themselves before they suddenly became seriously ill.
	"I know, Grandpa. I'm going home now. Don't worry. You have to take care of yourself in the countryside." Melinda realized that she needed to calm down to prevent herself from disturbing Nelson.
	The two didn't talk any more. After hanging up the phone, Melinda went to the office to ask for a leave from her leader. She was really sorry for asking for a leave after taking a long leave.
	Melinda's father, Vern Mo, also lived in A City. Even so, Melinda rarely came back to this family, especially after the divorce of Jonas. She dared not come back.
	It was an old community, but the green was very good, and the highest place of the house was only seven or eight floors. There was no elevator.
	Melinda walked to this familiar yet strange place and felt a little complicated.
	She walked slowly to the fourth floor. When she arrived, she was already panting.
	She rummaged through her bag for a long time before she found the key. It was not used for a long time and took her a lot of time to open the door. Melinda pushed the door and entered. The two men inside were staring at her.
	"Why are you back?" Vern asked, surprised to see Melinda. He didn't tell her about his sudden illness, but his father found it. It seemed that Leonard tipped the news off.
	Jonas helped Vern sit down on the sofa, and then went to the door to receive Melinda. He came close to her and whispered, "You have a baby now. You can't be impulsive."
	"Dad, are you all right?"
	Melinda felt guilty at the sight of her father's pale face. She had never visited him even if she lived so close to him.
	What an unfilial daughter she was! It seemed that Jonas could read her mind, he held her hands, and comforted her silently.
	"Thanks to Jonas, I can walk around like this today. When you think of me, I guess I might be lying on the bed." Vern poured a cup of tea for himself and said calmly to Melinda.
	Now, Melinda was more sensitive than usual, for the joke he made up was taken for real by her.
	"Dad, I'm sorry. It's all my fault. I promise I'll come to see you frequently. I'm really sorry. Don't be mad at me, okay?"
	Her tears filled her eyes in an instant. Seeing that, Jonas felt very sorry for her. He said on her behalf, "Father, Linda has always been thinking about you. It was my fault. I was too worried about her to let her come back alone, and I always couldn't find the right time to visit you together."
	Melinda looked at Jonas in surprise and didn't expect that he would take all the responsibility.
	The scene she saw when she went into the house came to her mind unconsciously, which was that Jonas accompanied the old man patiently.
	Melinda felt warm in her heart, and even liked Jonas more.
	"Don't help her. I know what my own child is like," said Vern. He was delighted to see that Jonas liked his daughter very much.
	His daughter finally got this man's heart.
	"Thank you." Hearing her father's words, Melinda didn't pretend to be pitiful and expressed her thanks to Jonas. Jonas touched her hair gently. He didn't say anything, but felt warm in his heart.
	Melinda was a little embarrassed and stepped back. While walking inside, she took Jonas's hand and said, "Dad, I have something to talk with Jonas."
	"What's it? Why are you in such a hurry? Are you going to confess your love to me? What should I do?"
	Hearing this, Melinda slowed down. She gave a glimpse at Jonas and sighed.
	"Why are you here?"
	Melinda took Jonas by the hand and they walked into the guest room where she lived every time she came. The decorations in the room didn't change much, except that the room was not so warm as before.
	When she opened the door, she saw Jonas there. She thought she might have got to the wrong place. Jonas was also confused about her question and asked subconsciously, "Why can't I come here?"
	"You..." Hearing this, Melinda was pissed off. Jonas's words made it look like that she had been unreasonable.
	"We are divorced now. We have nothing to do with each other. Why do you come to my father's house?" She gave him a ferocious stare, and then felt that she had been a little tired all the way, so she leaned against the bed and picked up a pillow.
	Although she hadn't come back for a long time, she was very familiar with the room. Even the dolls accompanying her were placed there.
	"But you are already pregnant with my baby."
	Jonas was really unable to understand women's mind at this time. They had already had a child, why did they need to be graded.
	They were a family after all.
	"That's two different things." Melinda suddenly lost her tongue, but still refuted. She pounded the pillow in some chagrin.
	"Don't mention it. We're a family. Our father is ill and I take care of him, what's wrong? Or do you think you can take care of yourself and your father when you're pregnant?"
	With another pillow in his hand, Jonas sat down next to Melinda and picked up a toy. He remembered this toy. It seemed that Melinda had sent it to him before, but he refused.
	He didn't expect that she would choose to leave it at home.
	He played with the toy with great interest. The toy's chubby little face was very lovely, just like the appearance of Melinda.
	"Don't worry. I'll find a way. I don't need you here. You can go back now."
	"Dad doesn't know about us, does he?" Jonas suddenly asked. Melinda was stunned, but she still told him the truth. "You're right. I didn't tell this to my family."
	Because she didn't dare to, most of her family liked Jonas and thought she was lucky to find such a husband.
	But only Melinda knew how she got through all this.
	"He's not in good condition. He's just been checked up and he can't bear any emotional blows." It was also a coincidence that Jonas came to see Vern and found out that he was ill.
	Fortunately, he was sent to the hospital in time, so there was no irreversible mistake.
	"Got it." Wearing a grim smile, Melinda thought that what Jonas said was just reminding her to pay more attention to the matter in front of Vern.
	She murmured, feeling very upset.
	"We have been in the room for a long time. Dad will be worried if we don't go out now," continued Jonas, reaching out his hand and waiting for Melinda to hold it.
	Melinda rolled her eyes at him. She thought he was childish, but she was happy in her heart.
	The two of them walked out of the room together. Vern was watching the news alone. When he saw Jonas, he greeted him happily, "Jonas, help me see how to resolve the Chinese chess game."
	With the presence of Jonas, Melinda, as a daughter, had basically no position in the room.
	She pouted her mouth and followed Jonas and his father, who was studying Chinese chess.
	"Dad, let Linda see. She has learned from me for a long time. I want to see if she can play it well," Jonas boasted himself.
	With this in mind, Melinda realized that Jonas was just acting according to circumstances in front of her father. Even though she was teased by him, she was forced to come over.
	Actually, she learned Chinese chess from Nelson. 
Chapter 220 Coaxing A Child
	With a spring smile on his face, Jonas walked to Vern holding Melinda in his arms. However, the smile on Melinda's face was unnatural and she was somewhat resistant to these contact.
	"Come and have a look." There was a Chinese chess game in front of Vern. Melinda watched for a while and voiced out her opinions, a little nervous.
	She dared not to look up at her father's eyes, feeling a little alienated.
	Suddenly, her hand was clenched and she fell into a warm embrace. Jonas smiled at her and said, "Good. You're not too stupid."
	"You!" Melinda didn't feel the deep love in his words. Instead, she could feel the irony. She stared at Jonas angrily, but she looked more coquettish.
	Her charming look almost lured Jonas. But since Melinda's father was here, it was improper to make fun of her. Therefore, Jonas pretended to be calm, and tried to analyze the current situation based on the understanding of Melinda.
	Obviously, he was more thorough than Melinda. Hearing his analysis, Vern was overjoyed. He wished he could play another round with Jonas on the spot.
	"Dad, you haven't recovered yet. Please don't bother yourself anymore. I will come to visit you more with Linda." As Jonas spoke, he tightened his arms, making Melinda push hard against his chest.
	But the man in front of her didn't even move a little bit, and the smile on his face was getting bigger and bigger.
	This was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. If Jonas didn't seize this opportunity to get closer to Melinda, he wouldn't be called Jonas.
	"Okay. Then we will play it next time." Vern knew that he should take care of his own body. Since Jonas knew much, no matter what he said, he would listen to him and talk to him.
	It was the first time that they got along well with each other like this since Melinda married Jonas.
	"I'm good with Linda. Don't worry, Dad," Jonas answered as Vern asked about their relationship. Vern's impression of the interaction between the two was still vague. He still remembered the scene that Melinda was chasing after Jonas.
	"Linda." When Jonas said this, he didn't get any response from Melinda. He looked down and found that she was absent-minded. He raised his mouth slightly and looked a little playful.
	In a corner where Vern could not see, his thin lips slowly approached Melinda's neck. Noticing the quivering appearance of the woman beside him, he said jokingly, "What are you thinking about? I called you and you did not answer."
	"What's wrong?" With a confused look on her face, Melinda looked at Jonas and frowned. Melinda felt something wet around her neck, and her face flushed immediately.
	"Nothing." Jonas touched her head with great affection. He liked to carry her around like a obedient pet.
	Melinda wanted to push Jonas away, but was stopped by the expression of her father in front of her.
	Since they stopped talking about Chinese chess, Vern had other topics to talk about. It was rare to meet such a person who would make him feel comfortable. Immediately, he was reluctant to rest.
	But he couldn't keep up with him and felt a little sleepy on the sofa.
	"You must be very tired after a long journey at noon. Go to your room and have a rest now."
	Hearing her father's words, Melinda didn't resist. Half clinging to her waist, Jonas stood up with Melinda, lowered his head, and whispered intimately to her, "You should take care of yourself now."
	"Dad, I'll take Linda to her room." Vern nodded. Jonas led Melinda to her room in a domineering manner.
	"I can walk myself. Let go of me." With the two's back to Vern, Melinda's face suddenly turned gloomy, and the force of her hand mercilessly slapped on the hands around her waist by Jonas.
	Her belly was still flat and she didn't look pregnant. But Jonas looked at her very carefully, as if he felt that she had been pregnant for almost ten months.
	Jonas was worried whether he was the person who should have antenatal anxiety disorder. But since now, he had been thinking about the future and was afraid.
	"Dad is watching you from behind. If you want to make a scene, you'd better go back to your room. Good girl." Jonas didn't feel anything at all, but he grabbed her with great strength.
	What's more, they were like flirting with each other. Jonas suddenly felt that what he thought was appropriate.
	"Are you coaxing a child?" The word "good" from Jonas's mouth made Melinda speechless. It seemed that he was coaxing a child, and Jonas didn't utter a single word when he heard it.
	Deep inside, he thought that he was no more than comforting a child. After all, Melinda was the apple of his eye.
	They pushed each other and went to the bedroom. As soon as the door was closed, Melinda pushed Jonas away with full strength. Fearing that he might hurt her, Jonas did not dare to be strong.
	"The servant told me that you takes a nap every day. You should take a nap now." As Jonas spoke, he took off his coat. Seeing this, Melinda was frightened and pointed at him angrily.
	'Does this man really know what he is doing?'
	"Why are you taking off your clothes?" Melinda had a habit of taking a noon break. She had been working in the company for a week. Now she was a little sleepy, but seeing what Jonas did, she immediately woke up.
	"Take a nap, of course. Come over, Linda." Jonas put his coat on the hanger and sat down. He loosened his collar and waved to Melinda.
	It looked like he was calling a pet.
	Why would her sleep in the same bed with Jonas when he was awake? "If you want to sleep, you can go home. This is my bedroom," Melinda said warningly, rejecting his suggestion.
	"Now that we are just acting, we need to take everything into consideration. What if Dad sees that and asks about it?" replied Jonas in a serious manner. Melinda was speechless.
	She was so angry that she threw a doll out of the bed at Jonas and shouted, "Jonas, don't go too far!"
	Jonas caught it easily. It was a doll in the shape of a donkey. He pinched the donkey's face and murmured, "It's really like you."
	Both of them were so stupid...
	Melinda thought she became clever, but Jonas thought she was getting more and more stupid, so silly that it made people feel pity for her.
	"Jonas, what the hell do you want?"
	Melinda was so furious that she rushed to Jonas and hit him with her fist. But she accidentally hit the table and chairs nearby, and things fell to the ground with a crisp sound.
	In a hurry, Jonas went up to hold Melinda, "Are you okay?"
	He was afraid that Melinda would be hurt.
	"Don't touch me." Melinda dodged the touch as if it was something dirty. Jonas was frozen in place.
	Outside, just when Vern closed his eyes, he heard quarrels and thuds from inside. With doubts, he walked into the bedroom.
	"Jonas, we have divorced. Please stop your pestering." Melinda stared angrily at Jonas, her voice a little hoarse because of suppress.
	The door was pushed in before Jonas could make any reaction. Vern came into the bedroom angrily, and his face suddenly darkened when he saw that Melinda resisted Jonas's action.
	"What did you just say? Divorce?"
	Vern hoped that he misheard. Melinda sniffed and said frankly, "Yes, I have divorced him."
	Since her father had heard it, there was nothing to hide. This was the thought of Melinda, but Vern did not think so, and he was agitated.
	"I don't agree with your divorce at all. Melinda, you are more than twenty years old. Could you please stop acting like a child?"
	Vern said seriously and forcefully. However, once he showed such an expression, Melinda would began to be afraid.
	But now, seeing her father reproach her for no reason, she could clearly feel the sadness in her heart.
	Why did the whole world think that she should be with Jonas just because she used to love him so much? But they didn't know how tiring it was to love Jonas.
	It seemed that she had devoted all her energy on this relationship. In the end, she still looked like a drowned mouse.
	"Dad, don't you want to know the reason for our divorce?" The Internet was full of news some time ago, so her father must know what had happened.
	So in that case, her father also thought she was wrong? Melinda's hands and feet were as cold as ice.
	Jonas didn't expect Vern's attitude to him like this. He was very happy at the moment. He went to Vern and promised, "Dad, you can rest assured. I will remarry Linda."
	Now with the support of his father-in-law, Jonas believed that he would be able to regain his legal identity with Melinda as soon as possible. Immersed in joy, he did not notice that Melinda's face had become increasingly pale.
	"Remarry me?" Melinda looked at Jonas coldly, and there was no emotion in her eyes. She was not the little girl who was too excited to sleep in a few days or nights after knowing that she could marry Jonas.
	Through all the ups and downs of her life, she had long seen through the conflicting interests behind marriage. Marriage was not simply about love, but countless interests involved.
	"Jonas, do you think the certificate is important? Do you think it's your decision to divorce and remarry me? I have no choice but to follow your orders," Melinda said with a smile, but her eyes were full of tears and she reached out to wipe them away.
	"You wanted to divorce, then we divorced; you want to remarry, then remarry. Jonas, I'm not a puppet!" Seeing tears rolling down Melinda's face, Jonas was in a panic and didn't know how to comfort her.
	Her eyes were so intimidating that he felt that he made a mistake to get close to her.
	"Linda, I didn't mean that. I just..." Before Jonas could finish his words, he was interrupted by Melinda.
	"Enough! I'm sick of those words. Please don't say them any more to make me sick, okay?"
	Melinda didn't want to embarrass the two of them in front of her father, but she felt bad when she saw him standing by Jonas' side without asking anything.
	Maybe it was because she was pregnant, or maybe she was too sentimental, but the feeling of fighting alone really made her want to cry.
	Looking at the two most important men in her life, Melinda kept silent for a while before leaving alone. 
Chapter 221 A Chess Piece Full Of Hatred
	There were only two people left in the bedroom quietly. Jonas wanted to catch up with Melinda and explain, but was stopped by Vern.
	Seeing that Melinda was so sad, Vern blamed himself.
	It was his fault that Melinda felt uncomfortable.
	"Jonas, you're a good boy and you've always been excellent. When my father said he wanted to marry Melinda to you, I thought she must be lucky,"
	Vern sighed with emotion. His family was just civilian, and he had a career, but that was to make his family a little rich, which was not able to compare with Gu's family.
	At that time, he wondered what irritated Leonard so that he could have such an impossible idea.
	When what he thought came true, Jonas's indifferent attitude towards Melinda made him believe that everything was true. Since then, he had been worried that Melinda might have a hard time in the Gu family.
	Melinda had always been keeping worries from them and only telling them good news. So many years had passed, but he still knew nothing about the marriage.
	"I'm so lucky to have met Linda."
	Jonas always knew that the marriage was unequal in many people's view, but he didn't expect that even Vern thought so.
	What kind of pressure did Linda come under when she stayed with him?
	"Don't beat around the bush. I only have one question to ask. I hope you can give me a serious answer."
	Vern's eyes became serious, instead of the kind and pleasant look he had had in front of Jonas before. Jonas could not help but straighten his back.
	"Is it because of Emily that you divorced from Mellie?"
	If Jonas loved someone else, he would never let his daughter suffer this.
	"Yes. But it's not because I like Emily, but because Linda's afraid that she might get hurt because of Emily." Hearing this, Vern looked pale. Jonas explained more clearly, and then Vern's expression became better.
	"Dad, you and I can swear that I will only love Linda in my whole life. I don't love Emily at all. It's just a mistake."
	Afraid that Vern might retort him and take the side of Melinda, Jonas said hurriedly.
	"Everyone can say sweet words." Vern hummed coldly and included himself.
	"Dad, please trust me. I'll definitely woo Linda again and let her be willing to remarry me." Jonas had always been a calm person, and now he was even more firm in making a promise in front of Vern.
	At the thought of Melinda, Jonas didn't know whether he should laugh or cry. Melinda didn't know how much her father cared about her, though she couldn't see.
	"I trust you, son. I just hope that she could think it through as soon as possible," Vern said with a sigh. Although Melinda looked peaceful, she was very stubborn in her bones.
	"Dad, don't worry. I won't let you down."
	Hearing that, Vern felt relieved finally, but he still warned him in a harsh voice. "If you make Mellie hurt, I will never let you go so easily."
	"I will spoil her."
	The two men looked at each other and smiled at the same time.
	"She's a stubborn girl. I don't think it's easy for you to please her. Just go." Vern felt relieved a lot after he got the promise of Jonas.
	Jonas was about to go after her just now, but Vern stopped him.
	"Take care of yourself and call us if you feel uncomfortable," said Jonas. He didn't stay long, because he was worried about Melinda's safety.
	At the same time, in Emily's apartment, after being cleaned up, Jerry finally looked human.
	"Those we hate are different. Are you sure we can cooperate?" Jerry did not forget that last time when they cooperated with each other, Emily had private interest in Jonas, which interrupted his long prepared plan and ended up in such a bad situation.
	"People we hate are not the same, but we have the same goal," Emily said confidently. She took a bottle of red wine from her wine cabinet and mixed it with wine.
	Jerry looked at Emily in confusion, wondering what she meant.
	"Isn't Melinda Jonas's favorite person now? If something bad happens to Melinda, he will be the one who suffers more, right?"
	Emily swirled the red wine in her glass with a cruel smile on the corner of her mouth. If Jerry could turn his target to Melinda, that would be the best ending.
	Jerry squinted and thought carefully about the meaning of Emily's words. He thought it was very reasonable and asked, "Have you thought about how to deal with Melinda?"
	"Jonas is protecting her very well. I can't find a way out for the time being." As Emily spoke, she raised the goblet and drank up the wine in it one gulp. She knew that she couldn't revenge immediately, which made Jerry a little depressed. Thus, he drank up the wine in front of him.
	Both of them were depressed. They had partners and goals, but they could do nothing.
	"When can I take my revenge?" Jerry said. There was a rage in his chest. The anger accumulated as he did not burst out.
	Before Emily could say anything, the doorbell rang. She wondered who it was for no one had come to the apartment since the accident.
	"Your lover is looking for you now?" Jerry teased. There was some change in his eyes. Emily had been getting along with these kinds of men over the years, so how could she not understand the meaning of it?
	"Stop looking at me with your disgusting eyes,"
	she said, then put down the glass in her hand, and walked towards the door with a swaying waist.
	The figure was standing at the door of Emily, dressed in black tight clothes, which outlined her hot figure. Her delicate features and flaming red lips made her a special coquettish beauty at midnight.
	Emily was wearing pink household clothes, which made her look listless.
	"What are you doing here?"
	The person in front of her was just Holley. Emily's eyes had changed with a kind of hatred and a bit of envy.
	Now she was even worse than a small model.
	"I'm here to help you two, of course." Holley then made her way into the room. She greeted Jerry in a flirtatious way. "Wow, it's been a long time since the last time I saw this handsome guy."
	"This is my house. Please go out."
	Emily came to the living room in a bad mood. She was more disdainful to see Holley was seducing Jerry.
	How could such a person compare with her?
	"Why are you so irritable? If you want to deal with Melinda, I can help you. Why don't you sit down and have a chat?" Holley was at ease. Sitting on the sofa, she picked out a glass from the mini bar counter as she saw them drinking together.
	"Would you like to have a drink with me?"
	Holley raised the glass in her hand and shook it. Emily rushed forward to grab the glass. She wanted to pour it on Holley.
	"Hey, be gentle." Seeing this, Jerry did not ignore it. Just now, Holley said she could help them deal with Melinda.
	He and Emily could not think of a way. If the person in front of them really had a way, that would be a good thing.
	"Jerry, what do you mean?!"
	Emily looked at him with anger. Jerry looked at her and shrugged. Then he took his position, quietly watching the battle between the two women.
	"Huh." A light smile appeared on Holley's face. She took a sip of the wine and said casually, "Do you really refuse to consider it?"
	"I have nothing to do with you," Emily said. Her disdain for Holley had existed at any time no matter which situation she was in.
	"Tell me your plan." Jerry didn't have much issues with Holley, as long as she could deal with Jonas.
	"It's easy for me to help you, but there is only one premise, that is, after Melinda leaves, Emily can't badger with Jonas."
	Holley had never given up on Jonas. She had paid attention to these news, so it was a good chance for her. But she could not do anything, so she thought of Emily.
	"Don't even think about it!"
	Emily said. She would never agree on this condition to make a wedding dress for Holley. She was not such a great person.
	"So you mean you won't agree?"
	"Right. No way!"
	"It seems that there is nothing to talk about." Holley put the glass on the table, stood up and wiped her lips. She was going to leave at ease just like when she came in at ease.
	"Miss Huang, wait!" Seeing that Holley was about to leave, Jerry quickly grabbed her.
	Holley was very thin, and the body covered under the clothes was like a bone. For a moment, Jerry felt that what he was grabbing was not her arm, but a skeleton. It was very frightening.
	He withdrew his hand in an instant. With a sneer, Holley swung her arm and didn't look at Jerry at all.
	"Anything else?" Holley had already walked to the door. Seeing that Jerry was chasing after her, she felt a burst of joy in her heart.
	But she appeared to be calm and even indifferent.
	"Emily agrees," Jerry said sincerely, with his eyes full of schemes.
	Holley was a little surprised. Emily changed her mind in such a short time. Anyway, she did not look like a person like this. Holley's inquiring eyes fell on Jerry.
	"Well, she regretted as soon as you left. As long as she can deal with Melinda, she will agree to all the requirements,"
	said Jerry with a straight face. It was completely hard to tell that it was all his own decision.
	"She was firm just now," Holley said in a sarcastic tone. After making a lot of excuses for Emily, Jerry finally came to the point. "Can you tell me how to deal with Jonas?"
	Jerry's eyes were full of expectations, and he was eager to know what kind of method Holley had to use to deal with Jonas.
	The man's life was so perfect that he wanted to destroy it. At this time, Jerry's hatred was not hidden at all. Seeing this, Holley smiled with satisfaction in her heart.
	She had investigated Jerry and knew that he would be a good chess piece.
	She could use the person who was full of hatred easily, but Emily could counterattack at any time, which was frightening. 
Chapter 222 Understand Each Other
	Emily found that something was wrong with Jerry when he went out, so she rushed out of the room and dragged him to the side, shouting.
	"Why do you talk so much to this woman? Don't forget that I am the one who saved you out of the mire."
	Emily was shivering all over. Her round eyes opened wide angrily and her face sunken. It was a terrifying look.
	Jerry immediately winked at Emily, but there was no tacit understanding between them.
	"Emily, now Miss Huang is our best partner," Jerry emphasized again, hoping that Emily could put the overall situation above everything.
	"So what? I will not agree to her request," Emily said disdainfully, thinking that Holley was so shameless that she made such a request.
	Jonas was Emily's man and she wouldn't let any woman get close to him. How ridiculous it was that an ugly duckling like Holley wanted to monopolize him.
	"The enemy of our enemy is our friend. Miss Huang is our friend now. We have the same goal."
	Jerry's tone was also tough. He had cooperated with Emily, but she had no idea at all. Now that someone had come up with a solution, she pushed it away.
	He began to doubt the sincerity of Emily to cooperate with him. Or, she was preparing to use him again.
	A man with nothing was never afraid of losing while a man with something was not. If Emily wanted to make trouble, he wouldn't let her go.
	"Are you kidding me? You are a friend of this amateur model. Are you despising me or mocking yourself?" Emily said in a sarcastic tone.
	Holley didn't go well all the time, and the only several times that she was popular was because of Jonas. After losing her powerful backer, she couldn't even make a living in the entertainment circle. But unexpectedly, she didn't give up.
	"Emily, don't forget that you are banished by your company from the entertainment industry." Jerry's angry words were like a blow to Emily's heart. This was the deepest wound hidden in her heart, and it was just revealed by someone bloody.
	She used to look down upon the two people in front of her.
	It was absolutely a shame for Emily.
	"So what? I don't think I need to communicate with this small model," Emily said as she folded her arms across her chest. She still felt that she was superior and had a cloud and mud different from these people.
	Many people judged Emily as arrogant as a peacock, and she felt that she was floating in the sky even when she had fallen down on the ground.
	That was to say, she had no self-knowledge in her heart.
	"I don't think I have anything to talk to this former actress who is full of scandals." Being taunted like a loser, Holley would not swallow the insult.
	If Emily wanted to talk about the position, then she was not much better than those small models now. They still had their show time and might get famous by chance.
	However, Emily was banned. She had been out of public sight gradually since then.
	"Holley, what do you mean?!" Emily rushed forward and was about to kick Holley. But she was stopped by Jerry. After Holley gave a cold snort, she twisted her model step and left.
	Emily felt that everything was not smooth for her. She finally found that she could take revenge, and here came Holley to ruin her mood.
	"Do you know what you are doing?!" Jerry glared at Emily. He was about to make Holley give away the idea, but now it was all ruined by Emily.
	"Are you insane? Cooperate with that person?" Jerry's fiendish look was frightening. Even Emily was scared by him, so her tone became a little weaker.
	"Can you swear that you won't do that if you don't have any selfish motives?" Jerry said with a sneer. He knew clearly about Emily's character now.
	If it hadn't been for Holley's request to let her leave Jonas, how could she refuse it? She wouldn't hesitate to do anything as long as she could bring misfortune to Melinda.
	"So what? It's impossible for me to pave the way for her."
	"No wonder you are not a match for Melinda," Jerry said in a disgusted tone. He thought he must have been too stupid to agree to cooperate with such an idiot.
	She was not brave and treacherous, and was afraid of doing things with great courage. And she even thought she was great and was full of impractical fantasies.
	"You still have hope for Jonas? Don't be silly."
	He was desperate to give Emily a good beating, but finally he refrained. However, he could not help making sarcastic remarks.
	"This is my business, not yours." Emily felt that she was humiliated and her tone became much more stiff. However, she didn't quarrel so violently with Jerry as before. She needed a helper because she couldn't do anything by herself.
	"Then do you know how to deal with Melinda?" Jerry asked. The question went back to the time when the two of them were at a loss as to what to do.
	All of a sudden, Emily was speechless and did not know how to answer. She said in a low voice, "There will be a solution."
	"A solution came to you, and you pushed it away yourself. You can promise her first. You can pretend that you know nothing about the request. You are good at nothing but acting, aren't you?"
	Jerry was lying in the sofa, and his words suddenly enlightened Emily. All the time, as long as it was related to Jonas, Emily's IQ dropped sharply.
	"Yeah, why didn't I think of that just now?" Emily clapped her head and said with some regret. Seeing the smile on Jerry's mouth, she only felt that it was full of sarcasm inside.
	She took out her phone and found Holley's number quickly. When Emily's patience almost disappeared, Holley finally answered the third call.
	"We've discussed about the matter just now. Come back first." Emily's anxious voice made Holley feel more confident of winning.
	"Let's make an appointment," she said. Then they discussed again on the phone.
	After leaving her father's home, Melinda came back to her apartment. The dinner was prepared by the servant, but it was richer than before.
	"Young master will come for dinner tonight," the servant explained with a smile on her face when she saw that Melinda was confused. However, her explanation made Melinda look even worse.
	Speak of the one and he would appear soon. Just as the servant mentioned Jonas, the doorbell rang. The one standing outside was exactly Jonas.
	The servant took a look at Melinda, and found that she looked bad, so she did not open the door without permission. The sound of the doorbell was a bit annoying, so Melinda cursed in her heart and then ran to open the door herself.
	"What are you doing here?" She always looked like this, cold and hateful, when she saw Jonas.
	But there was always a smile on Jonas's face. Sometimes he would jeer at her, saying that it would affect the baby if she smiled too little all the time.
	As a result, he had no choice but to smile in a more relaxed way.
	"Are you angry?"
	Jonas teased as he saw Melinda's gloomy face and thought of her sad face when she was at Vern's home.
	After that, Jonas thought for a while. He also felt that he was so excited at that time that he neglected Melinda. Now he was regretful.
	"Why should I be angry?" Melinda was too stubborn to admit that. She was really angry that Jonas had stolen her father's attention.
	After all, she was still a child, so she would be jealous.
	"I'm sorry. It's all my fault." The speed at which Jonas made his confession was quick enough to caught Melinda off guard, leaving her standing there in a daze. As soon as Jonas saw this, his eyes brightened. He bent over and held her up in his arms.
	"Ah! What are you doing?" With a scream, Melinda flung her arms around Jonas's neck and looked at him, still suffering from the shock. On the contrary, Jonas was calm. He closed the door, quickly changed into slippers and took her to the bedroom.
	"Jonas, put me down!"
	Melinda felt a little embarrassed as she gained a lot of weight recently. She thought that it would seem like that she had made a concession, because there was still a fierce conflict between her and Jonas just now.
	"Linda, don't you think we need to have a talk? I don't know what you are hesitating about, but I hope you can know that my love for you is never fake."
	Jonas gently placed Melinda on the bed, and put his hands on her shoulders, staring at her intently.
	He didn't know how to say sweet words. He said those words calmly but made people trust him more.
	"Jonas, I hope you can understand me." Lowering her head and biting her lips, Melinda hesitated for a long time before she opened her mouth. She felt that she was not a puppet, not a pet, and she had her own thoughts.
	But most of the time, Jonas forced his thoughts on her, which made her feel depressed and uncomfortable.
	"Well, then we should be considerate for each other in the future," said Jonas, looking at Melinda with a smile.
	He would listen to everything Melinda said. From now on, he would learn to think from her perspective.
	But he also hoped that Melinda could understand him.
	Melinda mumbled the few words, and suddenly smiled. "Okay."
	The two of them looked at each other and smiled. Melinda didn't say a word. Instead, she lowered her head, thinking about something. Jonas did not disturb her. There was a moment of silence in the room.
	Both of them were thinking for each other. Melinda tried to understand what Jonas had done in Jonas's position.
	Sometimes, she seemed to be deeply hurt, but in fact, Jonas was the same.
	They had each other, but because of Emily's alienation, she did it in her opinion to protect herself, but it was a little selfish.
	She had never taken Jonas's feelings into consideration, and he must be very sad at that time.
	The more Melinda thought, the more the difficult problems that she had been unable to understand were all solved.
	So did Jonas. He knew that Melinda was sensitive, but what he did was thrilling, and it was his lack of calm.
	This was a battle between the two and eventually became their own reflection.
	"Mr. Jonas and Mrs. Melinda, it's time for dinner." Seeing the two people haven't come out for a long time, the servant asked them to have dinner. She was a little worried about them.
Chapter 223 Claustrophobia
	After that day, Melinda felt that understanding other's feeling was a good idea, and in the next few days, she would think about it first before deciding.
	What made her happier was the change of her father's attitude. Now she went to the home to accompany her father every day. Sometimes she met Jonas, and sometimes she missed him.
	"You are early today." As soon as Vern saw Melinda, a smile appeared on his face. He was delighted to see that the young couple got along well with each other.
	Every day, Jonas arranged a doctor to check his physical condition and greeted him in person. He mentioned to him what had happened between him and Melinda every day.
	"Dad, let me cook for you today." Today was Melinda's day off. She bought some vegetables and meat, hoping to cook for her father.
	Although she could bear hardships, she had never cooked at home. Now that she had learned, she wanted to show it to her father.
	Vern was also a little surprised. He saw that she was carrying many materials in her hands, but before he could react, Jonas came out of Melinda's room and quickly took the things in her hands.
	"You are pregnant now. You should not carry such heavy things," said Jonas as he brought the things into the kitchen. He came here early today, thinking that there were few things to do in the company, so he just waited for Melinda here.
	However, he was a little tired, so Vern let him have a rest in Melinda's room.
	"I will listen to you orders later. Don't touch those things like knives and so on." Jonas didn't stop Melinda from cooking for her father, but he didn't allow her to touch such dangerous things.
	Hearing this, Melinda became delighted and nodded continuously. She didn't expect that Jonas would say so.
	As they were in the kitchen, Vern couldn't say anything more. In order to let Vern feel what a skillful cook Melinda was, Jonas handed the seasoning over to her.
	It was the first time that they had cooked together. A warm feeling filled up Melinda's heart.
	In the Gu's mansion, they would not speak when having meals, but in this place, Jonas would not talk with Vern and would ask him about his health condition. Sometimes, he might remind Vern what was good for him to eat and what was not good.
	Melinda didn't say much, but she felt very happy in her heart. The meticulousness of Jonas made her feel that she did not love the wrong person. She felt that all her efforts in this relationship were worth for a moment.
	She could not help putting her hands on her abdomen, and considered whether to go back home with Jonas.
	Now Jonas looked exactly like a good husband. It was weekend, and they were afraid that Vern might feel bored at home. Therefore, Jonas was driving his car and taking Melinda and Vern out for fun.
	In a secluded tea house, Emily and Jerry walked into a box as they had promised and there was no one in the box. Emily could not help cursing in a low voice, "What does Holley mean? Put on airs?"
	They discussed for a long time and agreed to meet at the tea house which was located in the old area in the city. There were not many people and it was quiet there.
	"Now that we're all here, can't you put up with it for a while? When things are done, whatever you want to do has nothing to do with me," Jerry said as he glanced at her, looking around the box carefully.
	He had been used to it, because he had no sense of security about anything around him. He had to check it out.
	"If you hadn't been urging me all the time, I wouldn't have been here waiting for her," Emily said discontentedly. She had planned to arrive later, which made Holley think that they didn't need her help. But Jerry didn't allow it, he took her to the teahouse on time.
	"Women are so troublesome,"
	Jerry grumbled. He had been worried that Holley wouldn't wait for them. But now, as he had seen it, all this kind of women had the same thoughts in their hearts.
	"You men will also act this way." Emily was not convinced and retorted. She had seen so many so-called "grand final" before.
	In this real life, men and women, most of the time, used this method to declare war with each other.
	Although they were cooperating, they should take the biggest advantage.
	They talked in a desultory way. Holley was late for fifteen minutes. Wearing a small sun top and tight skirt, she looked so sexy.
	"Sorry, I am late because I had to attend a show for my friend,"
	Holley said with a smile as she took a seat. She poured herself a cup of tea and smoothed her hair around her ear with a provocative smile.
	She seemed to explain politely, but just to stimulate Emily.
	"Well, now that we are here, sit down first."
	Afraid that they would quarrel again, Jerry tried to mediate. This was the design of the ancient tea house, and even the chairs were made of woods.
	He moved to another seat for Holley and added tea to himself and Emily. "Come on, have a drink. Let's forget the unhappiness in the past."
	The two did not care about Jerry at all. When their eyes met, it seemed like there was a fire flashed, which made Jerry's head ache again.
	"What method are you talking about?" Emily asked, coming straight to the point, as if she didn't want to waste more time on Holley.
	"Do you really agree with my request?" Holley sipped her tea and looked at Emily's face.
	It was obvious that she looked better than before since she had made up. And her dressing style in white was her consistent style, to show that she was pure and innocent.
	"Of course,"
	Emily said calmly. When Holley found it strange, Emily sneered, "Do you think that Jonas will fall in love with you after I quit?"
	"Okay, I'll tell you if you agree." Emily was a little nervous for her answer. She thought were there so many crooked ways that Holley had to let Jonas fall in love with her?
	Emily's head was still thinking about it since she had played in several fantasy series in the past few years.
	"Melinda is pregnant." Holley had thought this woman would be kicked out of this game, but it turned out that she was pregnant with Jonas's child in the end.
	She could not help putting her hands on her belly. She used to have a child here, but it was not Jonas's.
	"I knew that already."
	Emily went crazy when she heard the news. Now when she heard it from Holley, she felt like that she rub salt into her wound.
	"We all know that she is pregnant. The problem is what we should do now."
	Jerry also thought that Holley's words were nonsense, but he was not like Emily. Instead, he believed that now that Holley had said it, she must have a solution.
	"She's pregnant. It's easy to deal with her, isn't it? Make her lose this baby," Holley said without a blink.
	Viper as she was, any malicious method was just a normal thing in her eyes.
	"You mean you want her to abort?" Realizing what he meant, Jerry was a little excited. Thinking of how miserable Jonas was to lose a baby, he felt comfortable all over.
	"That is not easy." Emily curled her lips with disdain. Of course, she had thought of such a method, but it was not feasible.
	"Yes, it's not easy. But I'm looking forward to the result. If we do it hard, not only can the baby disappear, but also Melinda may have a massive hemorrhage and unfortunately died."
	She had an abortion and knew the danger.
	"You mean it can kill two birds with one stone?"
	Jerry's eyes lit up. If the child and Melinda disappeared together, then Jonas would be lonely and alone for a lifetime.
	If he loved Melinda deeply, perhaps he would never have a child for the rest of his life, his father would have no offspring.
	This was completely a surprise for Jerry. He did not expect that handling a Melinda could cause so many chain reactions.
	"It's just an assumption. All shall be attributed to Melinda's life. If Jonas had lost his child and his lover, he would be able to start all over again."
	Holley clenched her fists and began to look forward to the establishment of these assumptions.
	"No way."
	Emily's words poured cold water on the excited two, which made them displeased.
	Being stared at by two people, Emily suddenly felt nervous and a kind of fear rose from the bottom of her heart.
	"Are you afraid?"
	"This is illegal. Do you want to be sent to the prison? !" Emily felt that the two of them had become so crazy and irrational.
	If the child died, it was not a big deal. But if Melinda was dead, this would be a crime of murder!
	"Do you think I'm stupid? I have my own plan." Holley gave Emily an angry stare and cursed in her mind, 'What a fool you are! I know what it is illegal, but do you think I will do it?'
	"What on earth do you have? Can't you explain it clearly one time?" Emily was also angry, but she also felt that she had worried too much.
	"I haven't come up with the specific method yet, but I have information that will definitely work."
	When Holley thought of the information she got, a satisfied smile appeared on her face. 'It's worth the time I spent on it, ' she thought.
	As long as they knew this, it would be a piece of cake for them to deal with Melinda.
	"Miss Huang, since we have decided to cooperate, don't keep us in suspense." Jerry was getting impatient as well. Holley had not spoken the point for such a long time.
	He was born with impatience, and now he was even impatient.
	"Melinda has claustrophobia. We only need to use some means to trap her in the closed room and then we will half-succeed." Holley's words surprised both of them. They didn't expect that Melinda had such a fatal weakness.
	"But this is not enough, is it?" Emily thought it was a bit unreliable. She just suffered from claustrophobia, and it was not so terrible as Holley thought.
	"There is a lot of claustrophobic space. To reach the goal, you have to make sure that you can frighten Melinda. Then, where is this place?" While her fingers tapped lightly on the table, Holley had some thoughts in her mind, but her eyes fell on the two of them.
Chapter 224 The Accident
	There were only two people left in the tea room, Jerry and Emily. And Holley left after saying that.
	She did not intend to participate in the matter in person. What the thing would be going was up to Emily and Jerry.
	"How about asking her out at night to a remote place?" said Emily. That was the only thing she could think of. She took Melinda to the airtight room in the suburb, which would be absolutely scary at night.
	Hearing her words, Jerry's face darkened. He thought it was right that the woman had no intelligence.
	"Do you think Melinda will agree?"
	Melinda was not a fool. She would not go to the suburb in the middle of the night, unless her intelligence was the same as Emily's, and her brain was purely a decoration.
	"What should we do now? How can Holley leave without a clear explanation?" Emily could not think of a way to deal with it, so she was angry at Holley again.
	Jerry sensed something but didn't say anything.
	"Make an appointment with Melinda to the higher floor for coffee. By that time, we only have to figure out a way to make the elevator break down."
	Jerry already had a proper place in his mind, but he didn't tell Emily everything, so that Emily could think about it.
	"The elevator was a closed space and it was in the high floor. Melinda could not be rescued immediately. At that time, as long as she is frightened too much, an accident can happen."
	Emily was suddenly enlightened and quickly caught up with him. She thought it was a good idea.
	"That's right. If something bad happened to Melinda, neither will Jonas." Jerry grinned evilly. If only something bad had happened to Melinda, he could see the miserable look on Jonas's face.
	"Where is such a place? Besides, how can we ask Melinda out?"
	Emily was in a dilemma again. She felt this was really troublesome. For a long time, Melinda ignored her. Perhaps everything was ready, but this didn't go smoothly.
	"Isn't the grand pagoda of the A City suitable? There is a coffee shop upstairs." As expected, Jerry thought that he had overestimated Emily, for she couldn't think of anywhere.
	"Yes, the elevator is not made of glass." Emily nodded. Most of the buildings now were decorated by glass elevators, while the one in the grand pagoda in A City were not.
	It was a classic building in A City. It was also an old shopping mall.
	Many people said that one had never been to A City if he or she did not go to the grand pagoda, which included food, clothing, etc.
	"Now we have the solution. Call her out and it's all up to you," Jerry said. He also stood up and drank the tea in his cup.
	At this time, Emily was immersed in the pleasure that can teach Melinda a lesson, and did not notice the change of Jerry's attitude.
	She knew a lot of people who would do anything for money. She negotiated with them about the price. Everything was waiting for her to ask Melinda out.
	These days, Melinda lived a simple life between company and home. Although she lived a simple life, she was very happy every day, because she could visit her father every day.
	Even if Jonas was very busy, he would accompany Melinda in Vern's home and send her home in person.
	"I'll go up by myself." When the car stopped in front of Melinda's place, she unfastened the seat belt and said. The quiet smile on her face made Jonas itchy.
	When Melinda opened the door and was about to get out of the car, her hand was grasped by Jonas. When she was still in confusion, he said in a deep voice, "Linda, I... Can I kiss you?"
	Hearing that, Melinda's face turned red all of a sudden. It seemed that she had returned to her campus, where she felt nervous when having an intimate relationship.
	His eyes were like the stars in the sky and the sun shone with glow. His thin lips were slightly watery and looked seductive.
	She looked down and didn't say anything for a while. Then she looked up and seemed to have made a great decision. She leaned over and gave a soft kiss on the cheek of Jonas. With a bright smile, she said, "Good night."
	After a short pause, Jonas smiled.
	That night, Melinda would read parenting books after freshening up, and read industry news later. She would go to bed when the time was almost up.
	"Hello." The moment Melinda was about to lay down and have a rest, her cell phone rang. She saved this number in her memory and it was Emily's number!
	The moment she saw the name, her good mood disappeared.
	"You don't want to answer it, do you?" Emily did not feel embarrassed to be disliked, instead, she laughed even more happily. She would like to see how long Melinda could be arrogant.
	"Do you have anything that deserves my respect?" Melinda sneered and wondered what on earth Emily would call her at this hour.
	"You're right. After all, Jonas and I..." Emily's words did not rouse a stream of Melinda's interest.
	She liked to use such a method to sow dissension between Jonas and her. Melinda warned herself in her heart.
	"I have to go if you don't have anything important."
	"Wait. Do you have time tomorrow? Let's have coffee together." Emily was a little angry. She had never thought that Melinda would be so calm.
	"Coffee?" She thought she must have misheard. Emily asked her out for coffee and she felt it was out of her imagination.
	"Yes, as long as you talk to me this time, I won't bother you in the future."
	Melinda hesitated.
	She was afraid that Emily would come back to the stage again, and this became a big trouble for her.
	"I agree. Send me the address later."
	Not wanting to talk more with Emily, Melinda hung up the phone and got a message from Emily soon.
	It was the first time that Melinda came to the grand pagoda, but it was the first time that she came to this coffee shop. Though the grand pagoda was the highest building in the city, it was now swallowed in the tall buildings of the city.
	But it would not affect its influence to this city.
	Even if it was at ordinary times, there were many people in the grand pagoda.
	The coffee shop was on the 25th floor. Melinda was waiting directly in front of the guest elevator. Many people came for fun directly by taking escalators, which made her seem a little lonely.
	"Mellie." Kent thought he was wrong. After all, Melinda seldom went out now. But no matter how much she changed, he could recognize the person he missed every day at a glance.
	"Kent." Turning around, Melinda was a little surprised to see Kent who had walked behind her. She didn't expect to meet him here.
	"Why are you here?" questioned Kent doubtfully. After all, there was a certain distance between here and her company or residence.
	He had something important to do today.
	Melinda's fingers twisted together and finally made a circle. She bit her lips and said, "I'm here to see Emily."
	"To see Emily? What do you want to see that woman?" Hearing that, Kent's eyebrows immediately wrinkled. Melinda repeated to him what Emily had said on the phone.
	"I just want to untie the knot in my heart."
	"Does Jonas know this?" Kent knew what was in Melinda's mind, so he didn't ask her more. Instead, he asked about Jonas, who was one of the persons concerned in the accident.
	"I didn't tell him."
	Melinda didn't think it was important, so she didn't mention it to Jonas. They were in a public place, and Emily was not a monster, so she thought that she could take care of herself.
	However, Kent didn't think so. There must be a plot behind Emily's sudden visit to Melinda.
	"Mellie, I don't think you need to see Emily. Maybe there is a plot behind it." Kent was terrified just to think about it.
	"Kent, don't worry. Emily won't do that," Melinda said with a smile. Jonas would be hurt was because they went to a remote place.
	It was the grand pagoda in the city, and there were many people going back and forth in every place. Emily really had to think about it even if she wanted to do something.
	What's more, she still had many scandals.
	"Maybe Emily did the opposite. Anyway, you can't go up today." It was rare for Kent to be so domineering. He stood in front of Melinda to prevent her from entering the elevator.
	A group of people came out of the elevator. Melinda was guarded behind by Kent. His manly appearance attracted many people's attention. A red flush quietly appeared on Melinda's face.
	As the group of people went away, Kent still didn't let her go. Instead, he dragged her out and said, "Mellie, listen to me today. If she was determined to let it go, she wouldn't have pestered you for so long. A conversation wouldn't solve the problem with such a person."
	Melinda thought what Kent said made sense. She could be not vigilant to many people, but to Emily, she had to be highly vigilant.
	Kent's car was parked in the parking lot outside the grand pagoda. He sighed with relief after he forced Melinda into his car. He was really worried that something would happen if he did not met Melinda today.
	"Aren't you going to work today?" Kent asked. Melinda nodded her head. She had asked for leave today. If it was on weekend, she would not have gone out so easily.
	The weekend in A City was crowded with people everywhere. Melinda didn't want to be squeezed by them.
	"Let me drive you home. If Emily asked you out again, you must... You must tell Jonas about it and do not to be fooled, okay?"
	Kent exhorted her worriedly. Melinda nodded repeatedly. For the first time in her life, she felt that Kent was nagging, but she was moved that he cared about her so much.
	Now she also felt that she was not considerate this time. If something really happened, she would regret it.
	Melinda didn't show up on time as she had promised, and Emily didn't call her either, which made Kent more certain that there was a conspiracy involved.
	However, Emily didn't go to the coffee shop at all. She believed that the plan would be successful. She thought that the reason why Melinda didn't show up was that she was trapped in the elevator.
	Kent sent her home and said good-bye to her. He didn't leave until he made sure that Melinda had kept what he said in mind. 
Chapter 225 Stay For A Night
	Kent was still worried when he returned home. He was afraid that Emily would use other means.
	Emily was waiting for the good news at home, but it turned out to be Kent's call.
	"Emily Bai, what do you want from Mellie that you ask her out today?" questioned by Kent angrily. Emily was stunned for a while, and then she realized that it was Kent.
	She had suffered a great loss in the hands of Kent, so she was deeply impressed.
	"I don't know what you are talking about." Emily was a little worried. Logically, no one should know that she asked Melinda out. But why did Kent call her? Had something happened to Melinda!
	She was pleasantly surprised, but she was also confused. If there was something wrong with Melinda, why did Kent speak in such a tone?
	Or, he was in no mood to call anyone else?
	"Don't try to do something to Mellie, or I will make you regret." Kent now felt a little regretful for having let go of Emily last time.
	But the evidence was still in his hands, and Emily was also afraid of the evidences in his hands.
	Although she was utterly discredited, what Kent got about her could put her into jail.
	"Today, I just want to talk with Melinda about Jonas. I don't have any plan. I have been waiting in the coffee shop for a long time."
	Emily maintained calm so that Kent would not discover her scheme. And she showed a trace of fear on purpose. She had been waiting in the coffee shop for a long time, but she did not dare to ask Melinda.
	Kent snorted coldly and hung up.
	Emily's eyes were blazing with anger. She stared at the phone and thought, 'You'd better wish that I don't have any proof in my hand, otherwise, I will make you pay for it!'
	"What's wrong?" Jerry had been waiting for the result of the matter beside Emily. Seeing that Emily was not happy at all, he guessed that something might have happened.
	"Our plan failed. That bitch didn't go to the coffee shop," Emily said angrily. Their plan which had been prepared for a long time was easily ruined by Kent.
	All her illusions were shattered in an instant.
	"Haven't you reached an agreement with each other?"
	"How would I know?"
	Jerry's agitated questioning annoyed Emily. The things didn't go well and she was threatened by Kent. There was not a good thing.
	In the Soaring Group, when Jonas came back from outside, he heard many people talking about the event that Melinda and Kent appeared in the grand pagoda, and how they behaved intimately.
	William closed his eyes, feeling that he was about to explode when he heard that.
	If Jonas was angry, he would never forgive those people around him. And he would be the first one.
	Those who had a good time talking about this matter all stopped talking when they saw Jonas return to the company. William secretly remembered their names.
	Those guys had to lose their bonus for the next three months for they made William suffer from Jonas's anger.
	"William, you go arrange the meeting in advance tomorrow."
	"Yes, sir." William felt something was wrong. Shouldn't boss be at rage after entering the office? Why did he act so calm?
	In order to keep himself safe, William was so quick that there was only Jonas left in the large office.
	Jonas tried to remind himself to calm down and figure things out in a general way. There must be something that Melinda and Kent showed up in the grand pagoda.
	He hurried back and forth in the office, grasping the cellphone tightly in his hand.
	He took off three buttons of his shirt and threw his suit on the sofa. His hair was in a mess now.
	Linda must have reasons behind this. It must be.
	What could have made the pregnant Melinda run so far away to the grand pagoda? Jonas retorted himself impatiently.
	Recently, Melinda began to have pregnancy reactions. Her face was rather bad and she was basically at home when resting. It was really abnormal for her to go out.
	Finally, Jonas couldn't help but dial Melinda's number.
	The phone was not answered for a few seconds. The sound hit Jonas on the heart, and he gradually calmed down.
	"Hello."
	"Linda, are you asleep?"
	Melinda's voice was a little hoarse, like she just woke up. It could almost be imagined for Jonas that she was in leisure wear.
	She was like a little kitten.
	"No. But I'm a little sleepy." Melinda yawned. After returning home, she wrote a lot of manuscript. She habitually read a parenting book. Just as she was about to fall asleep, she received a call from Jonas.
	"Did you go to the grand pagoda today?"
	Finally, Jonas couldn't help asking. He felt that he would be suffocated if he didn't ask, and he was aware of something from the contradictions in these times.
	That was, many things, just because they hid their true emotions, caused misunderstandings among each other.
	"Yes, Emily made an appointment with me."
	Since Jonas was so sincere, Melinda decided to tell him the truth. With what Kent said, she thought it was necessary for Jonas to know about the matter.
	"Why are you going to see her? Just ignore her from now on. Got it?" The point of Jonas was suddenly changed, reminding Melinda to stay away from Emily.
	He had accidentally fallen into the trap set by Emily. Melinda was too stupid to stand it.
	It was not because Jonas had no confidence in his wife, but because his enemy was too disgusting.
	"I see. But thanks to my senior, I would have gone there without his warning. He sent me home today."
	It was not until then that Jonas remembered that. He would almost forget that if Melinda did not bring it up.
	"You can call me next time. You know, Kent is very busy. Don't bother him all the time." Jonas was really jealous.
	He thought that Melinda told the whole thing to Kent and didn't tell him, but he didn't know that it was just a coincidence.
	However, he felt a little satisfied as he knew that Melinda trusted him since she told everything to him.
	But he was too jealous to enjoy it.
	"I met senior by accident this time."
	Melinda didn't hear the jealousy in Jonas's tone and just told the truth indifferently.
	However, Jonas was now overwhelmed with jealousy, and Kent was like a thorn in his heart. "Senior? You address him so intimately," said Jonas.
	Melinda had been calling him Jonas Gu recently. He thought sourly, in fact, it was also a hint that Melinda should change the way she called him, as Jon which she used to call was very good.
	Once Melinda call him Jon, he would be satisfied.
	However, the reality was not that wonderful. Instead of calling him Jon in a friendly way, Melinda hung up the phone directly.
	Melinda just felt confused. She had called Kent senior for so many times, not just for one day or two days. Jonas always wanted to make himself sad.
	Jonas looked at the phone in disbelief, showing that it had been hung up by Melinda.
	"Boss, I've informed the staff. The meeting will begin in ten minutes." William pushed the door in and informed the process, only to find that the boss's face was gloomy. He immediately zipped his mouth and shut it.
	"The meeting will be on as I planned before."
	Jonas picked up his coat from the sofa and left the office, leaving William alone in the office.
	He had just called up these people who were going to have a meeting and reminded them to hurry over.
	Then the boss told him that the meeting would be held as planned, William had felt that he would be alone to face the horrible scene of how higher leaders were saying vicious words to him from all directions.
	"Why does boss gradually treat me as dirt?" William muttered to himself, thinking whether he should send those people a message and go home first.
	Jonas had been galloping all the way, finally he was stuck in the traffic jam.
	Jonas kept driving and didn't reach the end of the cage of cars. He had called Melinda several times, but nobody answered, which made him feel even worse.
	After hanging up the phone, Melinda did not feel sleepy, but a little hungry, and the servant hadn't returned to the opposite apartment.
	"Auntie, is there anything to eat at home? I'm a little hungry."
	Melinda touched her belly with embarrassment. Due to morning sickness these days, she had no appetite at all.
	"We guessed that you would be hungry tonight, so we had edible bird's nest. You eat first. What else do you want to eat, I'll prepare now."
	The servant went to the kitchen with a smile and brought out the bird's nest soup. The Gu family had sent many tonics, which were all good stuff.
	They also liked their young lady very much, who had a good temper and was polite to them. This was also the reason why they were very concerned about Melinda from the bottom of their hearts.
	"You can cook something random for me." Melinda didn't know what to eat for a while. The servants knew her taste and she just asked them to decide.
	They knew a lot and were all her favorites.
	The servant went to the kitchen to prepare food for her. Sitting on the sofa in the living room, Melinda was reading a book while eating bird's nests.
	The doorbell rang loudly. Seeing the servant was busy with cooking, Melinda put down the bird's nest soup and went to open the door herself.
	"Why are you here?"
	Melinda took a look at the clock on the wall. It was already eight o'clock in the evening. Jonas had already calmed down. Seeing that Melinda had a bad look on her face, Jonas could not say what he had prepared to say.
	"I come to see you." Melinda felt it odd. "It's late now. You already see me. Go back and have a good rest now," she said.
	"I miss you, Linda,"
	said Jonas in a gentle and soft way, as if there was a spring breeze in his throat.
	All of a sudden, Melinda's cheeks turned red. Trying to keep herself calm, she said, "Okay, I know."
	"The baby must miss his daddy too," Jonas said again as he stared at Melinda expectantly. "Let me stay with our baby a little longer, okay?" he continued.
	Melinda bit her lips and finally nodded reluctantly.
	Jonas smiled suddenly, and the innocence on his face made Melinda sink into deep thoughts. All this time, she had given too little to him.
	So even a small thing could make Jonas so happy. 
Chapter 226 Jonas's Care
	Melinda felt stressed even when she was eating because of the accompany of Jonas and his gaze.
	"Would you like to eat? the servant prepared too much."
	Melinda said helplessly. The servant saw Jonas, specially prepared more food for them, it was not sure that they could eat up all the food.
	"Okay."
	Jonas sat down beside her, putting food onto her plate and smirking.
	He ate slowly, deliberately procrastinating. Melinda had only promised to give him a little more time, or she might ask him to leave later.
	"Dear, I haven't protected the baby yet. Let me guard you tonight."
	Melinda was sitting on the sofa. The parenting books were placed on the bookshelf next to the sofa, and all of them were commented by Jonas. Sometimes she found it difficult to understand why he still have time to do that even he was so busy every day.
	Therefore, Melinda seemed that it's his assistant efforts.
	But the words on the cover belonged to Jonas. Every time Jonas talked about babies, he would be straight to the point, which made her think that maybe Jonas could write a diary of developing as a nursing father.
	"Don't enter my bedroom."
	Melinda's heart was softened, but this was her last line. As long as he could stay, he would be happy. It didn't matter where he would stay.
	"Okay, I will stay here and protect you and our baby."
	His big palm fell on her lower abdomen, where she began to show her pregnancy gradually. The hotness of his palm made her retreat with some discomfort.
	"I'm a little sleepy." Explained Melinda, smoothing her hair. Then she bit her lip, wondering what she was trying to explain.
	Jonas stood up from his seat and reached out his hand to hold her. "Let me lead you in. Don't worry. I won't break my promise."
	He also felt a little tired. After making sure that Melinda was asleep, he went to the living room. The servant helped him take a quilt and a pillow and put them on the sofa.
	Since Jonas was tall, the sofa looked narrow and small when lying on it. The feeling of being unable to stretch was not comfortable, and he slept badly.
	But he could not help feeling sweet as long as he thought that it was Melinda who was in the bedroom.
	The servant knew what she can do. Seeing that Jonas was at home, she didn't come to disturb him in the early morning and it was the doorbell that woke him up.
	In order to protect Melinda, Jonas installed a monitor at the door.
	There was a man standing in the middle of the screen, dressed in gray casual clothes, bowing his head to look at the stuff in his hand. He narrowed his eyes and then opened the door.
	"Mellie, I … I brought breakfast with me. "
	Seeing Jonas, Kent's excitement disappeared. He lowered his head and hands slowly.
	He felt like his heart was being held tightly by someone, but he still kept smiling in front of Jonas.
	With his hand on the doorknob, Jonas had no intention to let Kent in. Melinda just walked out of the bedroom and saw the silent confrontation between the two man.
	"Jonas, why are you doing?" She suddenly stopped scratching her hair, went to the position of the door, and slapped heavily on the palm of Jonas, and opened the door.
	"Kent, come in please."
	Melinda stepped aside and said to Kent. Jonas looked at Kent with a hint of warning in his eyes.
	He hoped that Kent could be sensible and not to come in.
	However, there was a huge gap between hope and reality.
	Meeting his eyes, Kent didn't show any resistance but greeted him, "I bring you warmth in the early morning. Are you moved?"
	He picked up the breakfast in his hand. Seeing the familiar logo, her eyes lit up. That was the breakfast shop near the college, her favorite one.
	Since she was pregnant, her tastes had changed a lot, being weird and nostalgic.
	"Thank you, Kent. You must be in a long queue." Melinda led Kent to the dining table. Kent put the things on it and found the tableware as he remembered before. But he found that the layout of the whole kitchen had changed a lot from the subtle details. It was no longer what he remembered.
	"I'm quite familiar with the boss, so I got the chance through some back door."
	Following behind the two men, Jonas was angry because he had heard their good chat, and was very unhappy about his breakfast, turning a deaf ear to it.
	Kent raised his head and looked into the eyes of Jonas with a suspicious look. Melinda pointed at Jonas and said, "he came my home and have a rest yesterday."
	It was so early in the morning and there must be some misunderstanding. She didn't know what to say.
	But Kent smiled and pretended to be careless, "I believe that you know what you are doing and what you should do."
	Melinda breathed a sigh of relief, while Jonas was getting more and more irritated. He had every reason to live with Melinda, so why should he explain to Kent.
	"I'll find a few dishes. Let's eat together, Kent." Melinda nodded. Although she rarely cooked, she knew where the stuff was placed.
	Kent had bought breakfast for two people. Since Jonas was here, it would be awkward for the three of them to eat at the same table.
	"Mellie, take good care of yourself. I have something to deal with in the company. I'll go first." Kent was about to lap her on the shoulder, but stopped in midair at last.
	"Well, be careful on the road. I'll treat you to dinner when I'm free." Hearing that, Melinda stopped her action of picking up the bowls and dishes, and sent Kent away.
	All this time, Jonas looked at the two people silently. When Melinda returned to the table, she saw Jonas throwing the breakfast.
	"You can't ruin his breakfast even if you don't like it," Melinda said. "No matter what, it's Kent's kindness to us.".
	"The servants will prepare you a more nutritious breakfast later."
	The clothes were still he wore yesterday, but his shirt was wrinkled. At this time, he had to unbutton it, and appeared in front of Melinda half naked.
	She almost wanted to cover her eyes with her hands, but she finally calmed herself down.
	"I want to eat breakfast from near the college today. Don't toss about."
	She was afraid that Jonas would ask his assistant to buy something for him at will, which was in accordance with his domineering character.
	"I think you will like anything from Kent." Jonas murmured to himself. His voice was low, but Melinda could hear it clearly.
	"Whatever you say."
	Melinda pulled out a chair and sat down. Due to the slight anger in her heart, she acted a little more violently. When she accidentally hit her belly, she was petrified in place.
	Although nothing had happened, fear after the event haunted het. Jonas was also scared. He hurriedly went to pull up a stool and helped Melinda to sit down.
	"Don't worry. I'll ask auntie to wrap the edges. It will be okay." Said Jonas as as he patted on her back, trying to comfort her.
	After sitting for a while, Melinda came to herself and warned herself to be careful in the future. She was not alone now, she was carrying a fragile baby in her womb and needed her protection.
	Sitting next to Melinda, Jonas held her hand and placed it on her belly, which was his favorite move recently.
	"Linda."
	Jonas Pei called her gently, as if he was afraid that a little louder voice would disturb the baby and her mother.
	"Yes."
	She liked the warm and sweet feeling very much. She didn't refuse his action and even began to look forward to the growth of the baby. When the baby grew up, would he kick his own stomach to greet the outside world.
	She put her hands on her belly and felt the baby's four limbs. It seemed that everything was fantastic and full of expectation.
	"Why do you care so much about what Kent thinks of you? Does his opinion mean a lot to you?"
	Since the beginning of Melinda's showing up at home, this question had been bottled up in Jonas's heart. He couldn't help but ask her.
	Melinda didn't answer him, but looked at him strangely, wondering what he was crazy about all of a sudden.
	"You still remember Kent, right?"
	The fact that she didn't answer him made Jonas nervous. Thinking of this possibility, he couldn't help but feel rage in his chest. He refused to accept such a result.
	The brutality in his eyes seemed to destroy everything, making people feel afraid, but she didn't feel anything.
	Maybe because she knew Jonas wouldn't hurt her, the fiercer he was, the calmer Melinda was.
	Moreover, she was speechless with his inexplicable childish behavior.
	"Honey, please answer me. Have I put you in a dilemma? Or am I right? " The more he thought about it, the worse it would be. He put his fingers under the table tightly and lowered his eyebrows. He didn't want to show his ferocity to her.
	"What's wrong with you?" Said Melinda. The wonton brought by Kent was still the same flavor as before. She smiled with satisfaction.
	Her answer made Jonas feel relieved. No matter who she loved, since she was with him now, he would be the father of her baby.
	After comforting himself like this, Jonas felt much better. Seeing that Melinda began to have breakfast, he eagerly said, "Linda, you should eat more, so that the baby in your belly will grow up healthily."
	The sudden care from Jonas made her pause. She then stuffed a spoon into his mouth.
	"It is hot?"
	Just when he was moved that Melinda share the food with him, she suddenly asked him. He was almost choked by his saliva.
	"You are afraid of hot food, just hold on a second." He swallowed his saliva and said helplessly. Then he consciously tried other breakfasts.
Chapter 227 Pregnancy Reaction
	"Wonton is ready. Have some now." Jonas put the bowl in front of Melinda. From the pitiful look on her face, people who didn't know her might think that he was snatching the food from her.
	Melinda couldn't wait to eat the wonton. Resisting the urge to knock on her head, Jonas picked up his vibrating phone.
	"Mommy."
	He was in a good mood, so his tone was pleasant. Queena looked at the number on the screen, and it was his son's. She didn't call the wrong number.
	"Why didn't you go back home last night? Did you mess around outside? Linda is pregnant now. If you do this, I won't admit you as my son. I'm going to drive you out and take Linda home. In this way, you won't be annoyed..."
	Queena regained consciousness and thought of the purpose of the call. Jonas's face was filled with confusion, but Melinda didn't notice it and quietly ate breakfast beside him.
	"Mom, that's enough. You should give your son a chance to speak."
	Seeing that Queena was almost exaggerating and she was about to convict him, Jonas hurried to stop her.
	"Fine. Tell me where you went last night. You'd better find me the witnesses,"
	Queena said fiercely, afraid that his son would make mistakes again.
	Her interrogation attitude made Jonas did not know whether to laugh or cry. He glanced at the happy face of Melinda and could not help but smile.
	"I took care of Linda and the baby last night,"
	Jonas said in a straightforward manner, but there was a cold hum of Queena coming from the other end of the phone. "You're so good at telling lies, do you think Linda will pay attention to you?"
	Queena was so angry that Jonas even dared to use Melinda as an excuse. Her son really deserved a lesson.
	"Linda." Jonas did not answer Queena's suspicion, but called Melinda, whose mouth was full of wonton, looking up at him, "What's wrong?"
	Melinda's voice was highly recognizable. It reached the ears of Queena through the telephone line. She was shocked with her eyes wide open and almost dropped her phone.
	"Are you really at Linda's place? Does she finally accept you?"
	Queena asked in surprise, a satisfied smile appearing on her face. It would be nice if that's the case.
	"Because your son is so charming." Jonas was in a good mood, and even began to tease his mother.
	Queena thought of the scene that Melinda detested her son, a chill came over her. She had no idea who gave this guy the courage to say such a thing.
	But, it seemed that her son was actually very attractive, for those women were proofs.
	"All right, I'm relieved that you are together with Linda. Take good care of her. I have to go."
	As a good mother, Queena wouldn't disturb the relationship between Jonas and Melinda at this time.
	"Is it from Aunt Yao?"
	Melinda's mouth was still full of wonton, and she was inarticulate. She was like a little hamster eating its food, and her cheeks were bulging.
	Jonas reached out and poked her cheek, as if he had found a new continent. He found it very interesting.
	"Yes, she let me keep you company, so today I will continue to be your and the baby's Guardian God." She glared at him, but it was not scary at all. Instead, she acted like a spoiled child.
	"No need. Humph."
	She groaned, grabbing the deep fried dough sticks from the table and sending it to her mouth. Since she was pregnant, she had a big appetite, but she couldn't eat much. She vomited many things before she took a bite. Today she had a rare appetite, so she must eat more.
	Melinda nodded and ate the deep fried dough sticks with the wonton, simple but happy.
	"Why do you only look at me but not eat?" Melinda looked at Jonas suspiciously, wondering if he was still angry that Kent bought the breakfast for her.
	"You are so pretty that I would like to eat you up." Jonas could not help but tease Melinda. "I think you don't like the breakfast," said Melinda.
	"I like whatever you like. How could I dislike it?"
	The sweet talk of Jonas came online, which completely depended on what Melinda would do next. Jonas found it an interesting thing to flirt with Melinda, and it also seemed to enhance their relationship.
	"Ou."
	Looking at Jonas, Melinda remained silent for a long time. Her expression was struggling, but finally she vomited under the hospitable eyes of Jonas.
	Jonas was shocked. He didn't know what was going on.
	In a hurry, Melinda got up and ran towards the bathroom. It was not until now that Jonas realized that she was not kidding, but really feeling bad.
	"What's wrong with you, Linda? Are you okay?"
	Seeing that Melinda kept vomiting, Jonas, who followed closely behind her, became anxious. His face suddenly turned pale as Melinda was.
	"I'm fine. I just feel a little sick. Go and get me a glass of hot water. I'll be okay in a minute."
	With one hand holding Jonas's arm, Melinda leaned weakly against him. Tears were flickering in the corner of her eyes, but before she came to herself, she felt nauseated again.
	"Oh... Kaaahhkkk, kaaahhkkk, kaaahhkkk...."
	Melinda vomited and coughed. Her whole mouth was full of sour taste, making her uncomfortable.
	Of course, Jonas didn't dare to leave. This situation had lasted for several minutes. Since a few minutes, the ruddy face had finally disappeared, and her whole body was leaning on Jonas, with the haggard face.
	She was like a fragile treasure. Jonas helped her to the bed carefully and quickly got a cup of warm water for Melinda.
	Melinda felt sick when she saw anything now. She even felt that there was a layer of oil on the water.
	"Put it there first,"
	Melinda said weakly on the bed. Jonas put the glass aside, sat on the bed and held her in his arms.
	"Let's go to the hospital."
	Jonas was still worried. He stroked her cheek with his rough hand, and her face was cold.
	"It's pregnancy reaction. I'll be fine in a while," Melinda said with a smile, putting her hands on her stomach. 'Baby, you have made Mommy exhausted, ' she thought.
	"Is the baby torturing you?"
	Hearing this, Jonas stared at her belly with anger. Instead of being gentle as usual, he looked more vicious.
	"You can't say that. It's a normal reaction during pregnancy. Why are you so fierce?"
	Seeing the aggressive look of Jonas, Melinda was wiping sweat from her baby in her heart.
	But it could be seen that Melinda was important to Jonas.
	"Are you feeling better now?" Jonas had never forgotten that Melinda was in a fit of dizziness. He felt at a loss.
	"I'm okay. Clean up the table please."
	She had just felt sick and hurried to the bathroom, which had turned the wonton into a mess in the dining room.
	If it were Jonas, he would wait for the maid to do it. But since Melinda had given the order, he felt that it was that thing that made her uncomfortable and needed to be dealt with as soon as possible.
	Meanwhile, Jonas went back to the dining room as he looked back three times to make sure that Melinda wasn't as uncomfortable as she had been a moment ago. When he walked into the dining room, he found the servant had been cleaning the room.
	"Good morning, young master."
	"Thank you for cleaning it."
	As Jonas said, he pulled his hair ruefully and went to the balcony, looking for the cigarette in his trouser pocket which he had not touched for a long time.
	"Young master, if you want to smoke, you can go outside. Young lady will be uncomfortable when she gets out and smells it."
	The servant raised her head and happened to see the action of Jonas taking the cigarette, and she reminded him in a hurry. Jonas picked up the cigarette in his hand and then put it back into his pocket.
	At the thought that the servant told him Melinda's unaccustomed feeling about cigarette smoke, he still thought he knew too little about pregnant women.
	After thinking for a long time, Jonas called Queena.
	"Mommy, Linda kept throwing up just now. What should I do now?"
	Jonas was a good student who never hesitated to ask questions in front of his mother.
	"She has been vomiting and she began to have some reactions." Queena understood and said. These were the things that pregnant women would go through.
	"But she threw up what she had eaten."
	Jonas was quite discontented with his mother's attitude. Queena knew that he was too worried about Melinda that she didn't bother about his tone.
	"She had strong physical reaction in the morning. It's normal. Did Linda eat something this morning?"
	"She had breakfast with wontons and deep fried dough sticks," Jonas said honestly.
	When Queena heard the wonton, she didn't have any reaction, and when she heard the fried dough sticks, she became angry, "How can she eat such greasy things when she is pregnant? It's fine if Linda doesn't understand. You've read so many books for nothing.
	Don't act rashly if you can't take good care of Linda. If you really don't know something, you can ask the servant, okay?"
	Queena was really worried about the two children. They had just been together for one night, and the accident happened. Eating was the most important.
	"I don't know that."
	Jonas fully accepted his mother's blame and reflected on himself.
	"Remember to buy some light food in the future, so that Melinda won't be too uncomfortable and can better digest. It doesn't matter if she eat less, she can eat more meals a day."
	Queena was afraid that her silly son would try his best to make Melinda eat more when he saw her eat too little, which would be just the opposite of what she wanted.
	Jonas remembered what Queena said in his heart and was angry at Kent again. If it weren't for these things he had sent to her, Linda wouldn't be so uncomfortable.
	'From now on, I must refuse anything that this man brings to her.'
	"You should be more careful when taking care of a pregnant woman. If you are so careless, how can you take good care of her?" Queena said in worry.
	"Mommy, I can do it."
	Jonas thought it was enough to teach him a lesson this time. He would pay more attention to avoid the same thing from happening in the future. 
Chapter 228 Only One Person
	After hanging up the phone, Jonas put on his coat and went out directly. Before leaving, he told the servant, "I'm going to buy something. Linda is resting inside. Be careful."
	There were many shops near the community where Melinda lived. Jonas walked around and finally chose a congee shop. In his impression, the lightest food was this kind of stuff.
	"Madam, do you have any congee that is suitable for pregnant women? She has a very serious pregnancy reaction recently."
	Seeing the name on it, Jonas was a little confused. He directly asked the owner of the shop. She was a middle-aged woman in her forties, wearing a pink floral apron.
	It was in the rush hour and she was very busy. But when she heard Jonas's words, she couldn't help looking up.
	This young man was energetic and handsome. She had never thought that he was a husband who loved his wife so much.
	"Women all have serious pregnancy reaction when they just get pregnant. Don't worry too much. The congee is a little oily. If you don't mind, I can give you some dishes made by myself. She can just eat some rice congee with the dishes."
	The owner was a woman of discernment. A lot of rich people living in the neighborhood, so she thought that this man must be fastidious about food.
	Looking at the extraordinary clothes, she could not tell the brand of the clothes Jonas was wearing, but she could tell the clothes were made of good material.
	As soon as Jonas heard her words, he thought it was appropriate for Melinda to eat it since the owner seemed to have a similar experience.
	"Please help me pack one for me."
	He was handsome and polite, which made the lady happy. She quickly packed a large bowl of white congee and a small lunch box with several dishes.
	They were all ordinary dishes that people would cook at home. The red color would make people feel hungry. But Jonas looked at it and felt a little entangled. "Is it OK for pregnant women to eat spicy food?"
	"It doesn't matter if your wife likes spicy food," the owner said without stopping. Hearing her words, Jonas felt relieved. He took out a one hundred dollar bill from his wallet, and walked out of the shop with all the packaged things in his hands.
	"Hey, young man, I haven't got the change for you yet."
	The owner just took the change and found Jonas was gone. She was about to chase the man out, but the woman next to her couldn't help saying, "It seems that the man doesn't care about the money. You'd better give up chasing him."
	"That's not good. There are dozens of dollars," the owner said. Since she could no longer see Jonas's figure by the door, she had to walk back helplessly.
	"I hope his wife will like it and he will buy it for her next time."
	Anyway, it was never easy to forget someone like Jonas. When he appeared, the owner would recognize him immediately.
	Lying in bed, Melinda took a nap for a while. Since Jonas did not come in for such a long time, she thought that Jonas had problem with cleaning up.
	It was not until Jonas showed up with a big bag that the faint smell of congee came out from the bag that Melinda's glutton was aroused. Opening her eyes in an instant, she saw a smiling face of Jonas.
	"You have vomited up what you had in the morning. I guess that you stomach is empty now."
	Jonas put the things aside and adjusted the position of the pillow so that Melinda could feel more comfortable leaning against it.
	"I'm fine."
	Melinda lost her appetite at the thought of the disgusting feeling.
	"Silly girl, I just bought some food for you. Check if you want to eat it or not. If not, I will go out to look for something else. There will be something you like,"
	said Jonas. He felt that there would be some smell when eating in the bedroom, so he asked Melinda to get up from bed and take her to the dining room.
	The congee packaged by the lady was very large with a lots of small dishes. Looking at the dishes, Melinda couldn't help but swallow. Her eyes lit up. Observing her all the time, Jonas also secretly relieved when he saw this.
	Jonas filled a large bowl with congee, and picked up three small plates. Then he put almost all the dishes on the table.
	He was quite skilled at doing these things. He had memorized the location where the items were placed.
	"It look delicious."
	Melinda's appetite was aroused again. She took up the chopsticks and started to eat the food. The first dish was sour bean curd. The taste of sour and spicy made her feel better.
	Seeing that she didn't vomit, Jonas breathed a sigh of relief.
	"Eat it with the congee."
	The rice congee was warm. Melinda took a small bite, which tasted a bit sweet but not too sweet. It was a great meal with the dishes.
	She started to feel hungry. She ate up the congee without any words.
	"Oh, I'm so full," Melinda said, touching her round belly, and looked back at the empty bowl on the table. She immediately felt a little embarrassed.
	She normally could only have half of the bowl. She couldn't stop eating because the dishes were so delicious today.
	It had been a long time since she had such a comfortable meal.
	"Linda is awesome!" Noticing her embarrassment, Jonas praised her in a way as if he was coaxing a child.
	All of a sudden, a smile curved the corners of Melinda's lips and eyes, but she still kept her head down. Jonas only felt that his wife was really lovely.
	He held Melinda in his arms and kissed her hard on the forehead, and then put his forehead against hers. "Silly, you're not eating alone now, You are eating for two people.
	The baby made you suffer. I will teach him a lesson when he comes out,"
	said Jonas. The baby in her belly took over everything again. After coaxing her for a while, Jonas finally made Melinda relieved.
	"I have to go to work today, Linda. Have a good rest at home, okay?"
	On the other side of the company, Aron had been making threatening moves. Therefore, Jonas dared not relax for a moment. Now that he had to protect Melinda, the woman he loved, he wanted to be stronger.
	If Aron had known that Linda was pregnant, he would not have let her go.
	"Okay, go ahead," In fact, Melinda didn't want Jonas to leave, but she wouldn't show it in front of him. Since Jonas was still under observation, what if he became more excited after making some benefit from it.
	Jonas wanted to see pity on Melinda's face, but now he was completely disappointed.
	"How heartless,"
	said Jonas, not willing to give up. He continued to rub Melinda's hair, which was in a mess in an instant. With a dark face, Melinda stretched out her hand and knocked off Jonas's hand.
	"You will be late if you don't go to work now. Don't say that the company is yours."
	Melinda also knew the situation of the company.
	"Don't worry. I am still waiting for the day when the baby grows up and take the company. I will come here tonight. I think you and the baby need me very much."
	With that, Melinda was speechless. Men really thought highly of themselves, but she had to admit that when she saw Jonas, she would smile more than before.
	"I don't think so. You'd better not disturb me and our baby tonight,"
	Melinda replied decisively, but Jonas completely ignored her. He took Melinda by the arm to walk to the hallway to change his shoes, while holding her tightly.
	Looking at their holding hands, the corners of Melinda's mouth couldn't help curling up.
	"I'm going to work. Remember to miss me."
	After kissing quickly on Melinda's lips, Jonas released her unwillingly and went out. When he looked back, he found that Melinda was still in the same place. He could not help smiling.
	The smile on his face was a little bit complacent, and Melinda immediately walked over and slammed the door behind her.
	His pale cheeks began to turn red.
	The first thing Jonas did when he came back to the company was holding a tiring meeting which did not be held yesterday. It was obvious that Aron's men were dissatisfied with what happened yesterday and condemned Jonas.
	"I don't know the theme of today's meeting. Do you need to change the time? I'll let you hold a struggle contest first."
	He seemed to be joking, but the coldness in his eyes made people shiver, like a cold stream. The man subconsciously began to shiver.
	"Distribute the files to everyone, William."
	The whole group fell into silence as soon as Jonas finished his words. All the meeting was in a low pressure. What's unusual was that instead of directly talking back to people, he was teasing them today.
	But it is even more frightening. He used to be like a lion, which would be very dangerous and they could still be cautious against him. Now he was just like a smiling tiger, and nobody would know when he would bite people.
	The meeting was held almost the whole morning. When it was over, it was already twelve o'clock.
	"Sort out the meeting's content and send it to my e-mail. If there is nothing urgent, don't call me."
	Back to the office, Jonas took the car key out of the drawer and told William. As his capable assistant, William instantly knew that the boss had something important to do and was about to go out.
	"I can put off all the other issues except for the meeting. But are you going to attend the banquet tonight? And your female companion?"
	William said with hesitation. Noticing Jonas's unhappiness, he had to shut his mouth.
	"You go to the party on my behalf, and remember, my female companion can only be my wife."
	Warned by Jonas, William nodded quickly. Without too much nonsense, Jonas left directly and his destination was the hospital that no one had expected.
	It was normal for a man to show up in the gynecology and obstetrics department, but it was strange when a man showed up alone, especially with such an aura of dignity.
	The doctor on duty was stunned for a long time at the sight of him.
	"Doctor, my wife vomited heavily during pregnancy. I want to ask what she should eat," Jonas asked fully. It was not good to read too much, and he felt like she couldn't eat anything.
	"Give her everything she wants. She can eat anything she wants except the things she has to avoid." The doctor had been used to this kind of situation, so he gave a penetrating answer.
	Hearing this, Jonas asked again about the taboo. He remembered every word that the doctor said clearly than those contracts. 
Chapter 229 Just Recovered From A Serious Illness
	The doctor had a favorable impression on the young man in front of him. It was rare for him to see a man love his wife so much in these years.
	"Then how should I take care of her? She is quite emotional now." After introducing all the basic information about Melinda to the doctor, Jonas thought he'd better go to the hospital to get more information from the doctor even though he had read a lot of books.
	It was true that 'a professional's lesson speak louder than a ten-year studying'. These doctors could only read more about it, and they had a lot of experience.
	The combination of practice and theory was a good solution to solve the problem.
	"Are you nervous about her?" the doctor said with a smile. There was a hint of banter in his eyes, which did not look as serious as usual.
	"Well, I'm just worried that something might happen to her and the baby if I'm not so careless," said Jonas with embarrassment. He could tell from the doctor's words that he was wrong.
	However, it was hard to judge his feeling.
	"Yes, you should be more careful. But being too nervous will fetter her. You can treat her as usual,"
	the doctor urged. Wasn't pregnancy depression especially for pregnant women in such tense circumstances? If they showed too much concern, it would make people think that they only cared about the baby, not the pregnant themselves.
	Seeing the doctor's serious face, Jonas began to reflect on himself.
	"Do you have any other questions?" The doctor was patient. Seeing that Jonas did not speak, the doctor was not irritated. He took a sip of tea and continued to ask.
	They were living in a society where different people could only see the good-looking faces, which made them feel happy.
	"No. thank you."
	Jonas had made an appointment with an expert, and asked many questions. But since he didn't get any pregnancy test, he had wasted the expert a lot of time.
	"You are a good husband. Your wife will be very happy,"
	said the doctor with a smile, watching Jonas leave. He felt heavy in his heart. Was he a good husband? He had never played this role well, and had disappointed Linda every time.
	'This time, I won't do it again, ' Jonas cried out in his mind definitely.
	Holley had offended the Gu family before, so she had struggled in the eighteenth-class. But she made more money than her peers and lived in a place that was even more luxurious than Emily's.
	When Emily arrived at Holley's home, her eyes were filled with envy.
	"She must have slept with so many men to buy this house," Emily said jealously. She had seen a lot of good things as well as the living places. She used to go to Gu family frequently.
	The luxury of the Gu's mansion was beyond comparison
	Jerry cast a glance at her and said nothing. He knew that Emily was such a person, but she restrained herself after she came back from abroad in order to attract Jonas.
	Emily's living style abroad was unacceptable, so when some rumors came out, the fact that Emily had slept with men in trading for roles was also exposed.
	Although Holley lived in this community, the location of the house was not very good. Emily and Jerry had walked a long way before they arrived.
	"Troublesome!" She was overwhelmed by negative energy. After experiencing so many unpleasant things, she believed that she had a better life than Holley. But now it seemed that she was living a worse life.
	"Go upstairs," Jerry said helplessly. The floor that Holley lived on was the seventh floor, and the highest floor could not exceed ten.
	"It's you two. I was wondering who would come to me early in the morning."
	Wearing a bathrobe, Holley leaned against the door and yawned. She looked at them with unfriendly eyes.
	"I have something to discuss with you."
	Jerry was worried that as soon as Emily opened her mouth, they would be unable to enter her home, so he said firstly. Holley moved her body and let them in. Then she took out two bottles of beer from the refrigerator.
	"This is the only drink left. Make yourselves at home."
	She still looked sleepy, and the house had not been cleaned for a long time.
	Emily reluctantly cleaned the sofa with a pillow. She reluctantly chose a small area to sit down.
	"What bad plan did you make? Melinda didn't take the bait." Emily was very angry about what happened last time. She always thought that it was because of Holley's insufficient plan that there was such a big loophole.
	At the thought of Kent, a touch of fear unconsciously flashed through Emily's eyes. He was a gentle man, but he behaved like a demon for the sake of Melinda.
	"Fail? !"
	Holley asked incredulously and she was not as listless as before.
	"Do you think we can succeed just by your poor plan?"
	"That's impossible. My plan is perfect. It must be your fault."
	Holley's gut feeling was that Emily did not do it well. For this reason, she specially knew about the claustrophobia. As long as Melinda entered such a space, there would definitely be an accident.
	"Perfect? Melinda didn't take the bait,"
	Emily said with a cold smile. Seeing them quarreling again, Jerry felt a headache.
	"It was just an accident. Both of you, stop arguing. Let's think about how to deal with it. Now that we have the weakness, we can deal with Melinda easily,"
	Jerry said calmly. His voice was not loud, but it was enough to attract the attention of two people. They looked at each other and raised their necks, as if they were more arrogant like this.
	"No accident would have happened if her plan hadn't been crude," Emily still said unhappily. Thinking of being threatened by Kent, she became more furious.
	Holley was not a woman who liked to be provoked. She couldn't help blaming, "If you did it well, how could there be an accident? Don't make excuses for your failure, okay?"
	"Look at you! You are the kind of person who can go wrong the road which has been paved well for you. You are like this for the rest of your life!"
	"Aren't you ashamed to say that you are the one who helps me to pave the way? Aren't you feeling embarrassed?"
	Emily felt like she was on the edge of exploding as she heard the sarcastic tone of Holley. Seeing them more energetic, Jerry's head suddenly became buzzing.
	Women were troublesome.
	"Enough! You're not here for a fight. You're here to find a way to deal with Melinda!"
	Since his persuasion didn't work, Jerry began to shift their hatred. As expected, when they heard that they were going to deal with Melinda, they both turned their attention to her.
	"I've already made an appointment with her. I'm afraid she'll get suspicious if I keep on doing that."
	Actually, Emily was thinking about the similar way. The reason why she was suspicious was that she was warned by Kent, so she did not dare to contact Melinda.
	"Idiot,"
	Holley cursed. It was impossible for her to use the same way twice. She sat on the sofa, with the bath towel a little open, revealing her perfect cleavage. Every move of her was attractive.
	Such a beauty as Holley was taught by countless men.
	Jerry couldn't help looking straight at the cleavage. Seeing that, Emily stretched out her hand and slapped Jerry. She looked at him with a warning in her fierce eyes and said, "Think of a way."
	The only way to make Emily and Holley get along well with each other was to discuss how to deal with Melinda.
	"I have an idea," Holley said suddenly, while Jerry and Emily looked at her at the same time.
	Although Emily knew that what Holley expected was just a bad plan, it was better than she had no idea at all.
	"As long as you listen to me this time, we will definitely succeed." Holley didn't believe that Melinda could avoid the attack in such a situation.
	"What the hell is the idea? Be quick!" Emily said impatiently, feeling that Holley was playing tricks.
	"What's the hurry? Go by yourself if you can." Holley looked askance at Emily and then told them her plan, with scheme in her eyes all the time.
	"You have to take part in this plan, okay?" Holley looked at Jerry and asked. She didn't have a deep impression on him as Emily did, so it was hard for her to judge him.
	But the outcome of the last task which Emily carried out was not satisfactory.
	That was why she had come to Jerry. Jerry hadn't let her down, and the viciousness in his eyes was just the same as hers. "I have nothing to lose now. Don't worry. We will definitely succeed this time."
	"Okay, let's make a detailed arrangement."
	Holley just wanted to be the one behind the scenes.
	The three of them were discussing in Holley's home about how to deal with Melinda next. Compared with the last time, Emily was much more active.
	Kent and Melinda were in the same circle. They could know their affairs from others even if they didn't tell each other in person.
	It was not until Kent attended an exchange meeting that he met the people from Melinda's company that he got the news that Melinda's father was sick.
	"Why didn't you tell me that your father got sick?" Kent said in a gentle way. Even though he was blaming others, others would not feel uncomfortable but reflect on themselves.
	"It's not a big deal. I am happy that you care about him."
	A few days ago, Melinda was in an awkward situation with Kent. How would she brought this up?
	Kent was a little disappointed with her attitude. Melinda still treated him as an outsider, so she did not say anything and bore everything alone.
	"Give me the address of your father's house. Anyway, I should go to see him. If you mind, then..." As soon as Kent adopted an aggressive and roundabout strategy, the disappointed tone suddenly made Melinda feel guilty.
	She interrupted Kent immediately, "No, that's not what I meant. I just don't want to bother you. Dad is much better now."
	"He has just recovered from a serious illness. It's better for me to visit him."
	No matter what Melinda said, Kent always had something to wait for her. In the end, she did not stop Kent and gave him an address directly, and told her father that her friend would visit him recently. 
Chapter 230 Being Suspected Of Kidnapping
	Kent had got used to his working style now. So he didn't need to be as busy as he was before. He left when he said goodbye to his subordinates in the afternoon.
	Kent had the freedom to work, so it was not a big problem for him to occasionally be late or leave early. Moreover, he was the leader of such a group who were always charmed by him.
	Those who saw him busy were eager to see him skip work and have a good rest every day.
	But when facing tough things, they hoped Kent would be on duty all the time.
	All in all, in addition to thinking hard about news and articles every day, they were struggling about how to make Kent have the best rest.
	Kent went to the pharmacy to buy some tonic and fruits, and then set out according to the address given by Melinda.
	He was a little nervous. Having known Melinda for such a long time, he rarely saw her family. But this made him feel like meeting her parents before marriage. He hoped that he could get a good favor from her father and win a key for him to win the heart of Melinda.
	In his impression, Vern was always serious with a poker face. Although he spoiled Melinda, he always hid that behind his sternness.
	At the building where Vern was, there happened to be a parking lot. Kent always pursued perfection in doing things. So when a car was parked, it was in the middle of the parking space steadily.
	As soon as he unfastened his seat belt, he saw a group of people walking out of the stairway. They were in black and looked fierce. Their eyes were still staring around.
	They were all tall and strong. Suddenly, Kent's pupils narrowed sharply, and his eyes were full of shock. Among the big men, there was a man in tawny clothes, and he was Melinda's father.
	After they had tied the man to the car, Kent had no time to think more about it. He fastened the seat belt, started the car and followed them. He quickly memorized the plate number and the specific features of the man.
	"Hello, is it 110? I have to report a case. There were kidnappers in the Xia apartment located at the..." Kent told all the information he knew to the police and reminded the police to set out as soon as possible. He would follow them carefully to avoid losing their positions.
	His car was relatively common and low-key, so those people did not notice that a little tail was following behind them.
	In the CEO office of Soaring Group, Jonas was in a good mood these days, which was sensed by everyone. Although his face was still cold, he was not that indifferent.
	William told Ted Guan that sometimes when boss was lost in thought, he would suddenly laugh out.
	At first, he was scared of him, but later he found boss a little cute.
	Ted was promoted to a personal assistant by a few accidental encounters, when he completed the tasks perfectly, and now he was one of the important assistant of Jonas like William.
	Although they were doing different things, they were both equally important.
	But at this time, the face of Jonas was quite gloomy, and the emotionless eyes made people tremble with fear.
	When William was in the CEO's office, he felt like that he was in the snowing north.
	He wondered what did Ted say to boss through the phone.
	"I see. Keep an eye on them,"
	said Jonas, looking at William, who instantly stood straight.
	"If there's anything in the company, you can call my grandpa. If he asks, just tell him that I have to go on a business trip for some reason. Got it?"
	Ted was promoted by him, and William was promoted by Nelson.
	"I see, boss." William was very tired. His identity was a little embarrassed.
	Jonas left in a hurry. He knew that Melinda's father had been kidnapped and must be taken care of as soon as possible, otherwise Melinda would be worried if she knew.
	Since Jonas had been in touch with Ted, he didn't say much in the office just now for fear of being heard by others. Now he got in the car and reminded Ted.
	"Use all your connections to find Mr. Vern as soon as possible. Melinda can't be jarred during her pregnancy. Remember not to let her know about it."
	Ted answered yes immediately. William was the assistant on the business of Jonas's company, and he was in charge of these hidden things.
	He was grateful for being promoted by Jonas, so he worked harder.
	After exchanging some information, Ted began to investigate the matter at once. Vern lived in a community which was not a prosperous area, but it had everything he needed.
	He could see from the surveillance video that Vern was caught by several men in black. At the beginning, several people blocked the license plate number, and after a long time, all the people got on the car.
	Ted immediately checked the plate number and found it was a fake number.
	"Can we find any information from this fake license plate?" Ted asked. These people were his helping hands, and also his most trusted bros.
	"Man, don't be ridiculous. How should we investigate the fake number?" The man in charge of collecting information also felt this matter was tricky, but he felt that he neglected something.
	Ted frowned. These people were obviously repeat criminals. Generally speaking, such a person had criminal record or organization, so his idea was smoothly arranged.
	"Play the surveillance video backwards," Ted said, and the man in charge played the video backwards. Ted stared at the video and suddenly shouted, "Stop!"
	Everyone's eyes were focused on the scene. Ted pointed at a man's neck and said, "Magnify this."
	As soon as the man, who had just said Ted was ridiculous, seemed to have thought of something, and his eyes were lit up. Soon after, cold water was poured onto his face. The man who was controlling the video had no choice but to say, "All the surveillance cameras in this area are old, and it is not very clear."
	Ted noticed that there seemed to be a mark on the man's neck. But it was dark when the mark was enlarged, so nobody could tell who the man was.
	There was a dark area in A City. All kinds of people mixed up and formed gangs. They were used to helping people do something dark. It was obvious that those people were from that area.
	"Ask your men, and see if they can figure out whose gang they are in." They took out their phones to investigate it.
	Ted was also thinking, but what he thought was that he would ask boss to change the monitoring videos as soon as he found Vern, so that he would not delay the work next time.
	The news came soon. It was a member of a small gang. He asked some people and found out the man behind the scenes. "He said he doesn't know the name of that man, but he looks like Mr. Jonas."
	"I know who did it."
	Jerry, who had disappeared for a long time, flashed through Ted's mind. Damn it. He never thought that he would make a comeback.
	He didn't dare to delay for a moment and quickly contacted Jonas.
	"It was Jerry." Ted was reporting the progress to Jonas. Although they knew who did it, they could not find out where they were now.
	"Keep investigating. Contact me as soon as you get any news."
	Jonas' eyes were full of anger. Last time he let him go, he did not learn a lesson and hit his attention on Linda.
	At the same time, Kent followed the car all the way to the abandoned building. There was no bricks around the empty building, and many bamboo shelves were placed on it, and the ground was full of hard cement and sand.
	The car stopped steadily. Kent had been waiting for the action of those people, but no one got out of the car for a long time. Just when he was almost unable to wait, a person got out of the car.
	The man wore a black suit and a pair of sneakers. He looked a little comical.
	From a distance, he looked like Jonas. Kent frowned and Jerry came close to him with a smile. When he saw Kent, he greeted him politely, "Well down, you follow me all the way here."
	From the smile on his face, Kent could tell that they had already known that he was following them.
	Kent became calm. He thought he had covered it well but didn't find that he had already exposed himself.
	"Stop looking. He is not here."
	Seeing that Kent was still staring at the car behind him, Jerry couldn't help but say. They had already transferred Vern to another car on the way and let Jerry drive the car away.
	When Jerry remembered that his original plan was destroyed by this man and almost destroyed again this time, he hated Kent.
	"Where are you taking him?" asked Kent. He was a little annoyed that he did not notice such a big move. After a second thought, he found that the chaos on the road might not be an accident.
	That was only their cover.
	"That's none of your business. You just need to know that you are no match for me,"
	Jerry said proudly. He thought that Emily was useless since she had always been scrupulous to someone like Kent.
	Kent glared at Jerry. Seeing his complacent look, the corners of his mouth couldn't help but smile. "Do you really think you have won?"
	Just then, several policemen in plain clothes got out of the car that had been following Kent, and surrounded Jerry in an instant.
	"You call the police?!"
	Jerry looked at Kent with his eyes wide open. He thought he had gained the victory, but he did not expect that Kent had a card up his sleeve. Seeing that he could not believe what he had seen, Kent was a little confused.
	He really couldn't understand what Jerry was thinking.
	"We live in a society ruled by law."
	As Kent said, he nodded to the policemen. One of them came forward and quickly took Jerry under control and handcuffed him.
	"You are suspected of being involved in a kidnapping case, come with us to the police station to investigate."
	Jerry struggled and shouted, "You don't have any evidence. You can't take me."
	The policemen had long been accustomed to such a scene. Every time these people called and threatened them, once they unlocked the handcuffs, they would figure out a way to escape quickly.
	"If we have proof, you are not just on suspicion," the policeman said and snorted. If they had evidence, Jerry would be a criminal for kidnapping.
	Jerry was still shouting over there, which made the several people feel very annoyed. "You'd better tell the truth earlier, so that you can get an extenuation of your crime. It's useless to shout."
Chapter 231 Difference In Cars
	"Yes, I have found him."
	The room was filled with nothing but the sound of cellphone and keyboard. Suddenly, a voice of Ted came to their ears, which attracted everyone's attention.
	"The monkey said that Jerry was taken to the police station."
	"Fuck!"
	"Fuck you."
	Hearing the news, the group of people suddenly became furious. They were lucky enough to have investigated for half a day, but the result was that he was taken to the police station. If they wanted to fight against the police, they must think about it.
	Hearing what they said, Ted realized that it wasn't good news. "Go on with the investigation. I'll contact Mr. Gu first."
	"Go ahead! I want to have a drink to cool myself down!"
	Since there was no clue on Jerry's side, they lost it again. Every time they encountered this kind of thing, they always felt very sad.
	"Mr. Gu, Jerry has been taken away by the police."
	Ted felt a little bit nervous because he was a little late for his news, but Jonas didn't blame him. Just now, when he heard that Jerry was involved, he guessed another person.
	Emily!
	A few days ago, Melinda said that Emily asked her out. Now, it could be said that there was a plot on that day.
	"I got it. You just follow the police's clue and continue your investigation." Jonas ordered. He speed up in an instant. He hadn't driven fast for a long time. Fortunately, there were few cars on the road during this half of usual time, he arrived at Emily's residential area.
	The evil spirit on his face was like the ferocious spirits of devils and ghosts who would kill people in the underground palace, very terrifying.
	Many people couldn't understand the aura, but as long as you had experienced that kind of pressure, you would understand it. In many cases, even a glance could make people have nightmares and it is really true.
	Jonny kept pressing Emily's doorbell and didn't open the door even if neighbors were annoyed.
	"You are disturbing our people here at noon. Make the phone calls if you can't find him, and then leave his house. Just stop pressing the doorbell."
	Everyone living in this area was rich, but they were the most arrogant. A neighbor had been chattering for a long time, but nobody gave any response to her.
	She reached out her hand and wanted to continue scolding. But when she saw the expressionless face, her fingers suddenly trembled and she slammed the door.
	She thought that she'd better stay away from a ferocious man who was not a good man at first glance.
	Jonas called Emily several times with his mobile phone, but to no avail. Finally he directly drove to Emily's company.
	"What brings you here, Mr. Gu?"
	The boss of the bar made tea himself, but Jonas was muttering in his heart that why Jonas came to his company for no reason. Was it a good thing or a bad thing?
	The boss had an intuition that it would not be something good to see Jonas being so indifferent.
	"Where has Emily been recently?"
	Jonas came straight to the point, and the boss was worried. Since Emily refused to cooperate with the company to publicize the news with Jerry, and also made herself smelling of blood, the company had not paid attention to her.
	She was totally banished from the entertainment industry.
	Asked Jonas suddenly.
	The owner suddenly thought of countless possibilities, and each of them gave him a cold sweat.
	"I don't know. I'll ask her agent to come here."
	Said the boss, breaking into a cold sweat on his forehead. Because of Emily, the agent had a bad time in the company.
	Fortunately, the human resources department was so efficient that they got in touch with the agent within a few minutes. The manager showed them to the CEO office in person.
	"This is Sher, Miss Bai's agent. Sheryl, please come here. Mr. Gu has something to ask you about Miss Bai."
	Having no idea what happened, the owner was polite to everyone. It was a typical old fox.
	Looking at Jonas, Sher couldn't help but complain. If it weren't for this man, they wouldn't be held in such a high position, and they wouldn't suffer so much as well.
	"You are Emily's agent. You should know where she went to." Jonas glanced at her coldly, like blades, biting people's hearts.
	All the emotions of sister an were suddenly dispelled, and she looked at Jonas nervously, too trembling to say anything.
	As an agent, if someone was involved in such a situation, he would absolutely be laughed at, but Sher felt that few people would remain calm under the eyes of a man like Jonas.
	"She hasn't been active for a long time. I don't know where she is, but I know where she went as usual."
	After snapping out of her trance, Sher said to Jonas. After thinking for a while, Sher remembered that the place where Emily usually went was also some expensive places.
	"A place where she do bad things." Jonas interrupted Sher impatiently, and the boss regretted that he hadn't asked someone to tell the situation to Sher.
	"What?" Sher didn't dare to speak for a while. All the actors or actresses were not as bright and wonderful as they looked, and the slanders that many people gave out were just some tip of the iceberg.
	Emily is a bad person, and Sher know it very well.
	Although she had done many bad things in the past few years, she was famous at that time and was able to muddle through.
	Indeed, she had some places to commit several crimes.
	Seeing that, the boss was disappointed. It seemed that Emily really did such a terrible thing.
	"…… I think she might live in an abandoned building near her home. "
	Sher spitted out several spots and Jonas asked Ted to check them out.
	According to the analysis of some lines, Ted's target was also locked at the abandoned building.
	"Emily's car is parked in the garage, and there is no cab to talk to her. She might have come through the back door of the community directly, but there is no monitor there, so we can't see the specific situation."
	Said Ted. Jonny agreed. The abandoned building used to be a office building. A few years ago, some people died in the building and there were ghosts. As a result, no one dares to work there and no one dares to cooperate with the owner of the building.
	As a result, the floor was covered with a grey veil, and no one wanted to get close.
	After getting the place, without any nonsense, he left the company directly. As soon as he got in the car, she made a call to his friend in the police station.
	"What's wrong with my eyes? You called me?"
	The man answered the phone. His voice sounded casual, but full of righteousness.
	"Cut the crap. Let's borrow some guys."
	Being unconcerned with what his friend said, Jonas came straight to the point.
	"Are you kidding me? My people are all working for the government seriously. They never commit murder and loot."
	The man had a cigarette in his mouth and had so much to talk to Jonas, but the cigarette didn't drop. There was no phone in the room, the lighter was in his hand.
	"I have no time to joke with you. Linda's father was kidnapped." Jonas didn't say much, and the man certainly knew.
	Anyone who had a good relationship with Jonas knew how important Melinda was to him. The man was impressed by the courage to kidnap Jonas's father-in-law.
	"You have to call the police for this. Brother, let me help you." He fiddled with the lighter in his hand. The flame was extinguished, but he never lit a cigarette.
	The man really missed 'them' as they hadn't been sent to the police for a long time.
	Without waiting for his reply, Jonas showed the location of the abandoned building to him.
	All his men were well-trained scout. However, they didn't find a human figure after searching around the abandoned building.
	"There must be some mistake,"
	The man who was in an army uniform looked so righteous, which made the matter here clear for a while. There was nobody.
	"There are no any spare footprint. No one has come here for months."
	Said one of the police. With his lightning on, only the courageous people like them dared to search this place. Ordinary people would be scared to tremble if they entered.
	"Nothing?"
	Jonas still didn't believe what he had heard. If nothing didn't mean that they came to the wrong place, Vern would be in a more dangerous situation.
	"You don't need to doubt my ability. You must take the wrong direction. Next time if it happens again, remember to ask your me for help early."
	He patted the shoulder of Jonas and comforted him. They left the abandoned building quickly. Jonas thought about what was wrong.
	"Take out all the existing materials in your hands and I'll check it for you."
	The man said. For these people, what they were good at was to analyze the information they needed from the seldom materials.
	Jonas didn't know what to do. He told all he knew and hoped his friend could find a useful way.
	At the same time, Jerry was not cooperating with the police at all in the building behind them. He was taken directly to the police station.
	"Mr. Jiang, you have to cooperate with us to make a record." Seeing that Kent had no intention to leave together, the policeman couldn't help reminding him. Kent looked at Jerry who was took into the police car.
	Jerry's face was not as depressed as before. He knew that he was still at a disadvantage in this round.
	"It's not over yet." Kent said. It was still too early to make a statement as the enemy hadn't be found. And at the first sight of Jerry, the enemy had deliberately dropped the bait to delay the time.
	He couldn't fall into their trap.
	Kent tried to recall the accident on the way but still couldn't find anything strange.
	'Maybe that's just a bait. I was going to draw him away at that time.' Kent speculated.
	Then how did these people change a car under his watch? Confused, Kent walked close to that car and found that this car was a little different. 
Chapter 232 Rescue Vern
	As Kent approached, he found that this car had been modified, and the scope of the car could just cover his vision. There was a trace of the car parking not far away.
	He quickly walked along the trace. At the beginning, there was a little mark, but later it disappeared. This was a rare good road of the unfinished building.
	Now he finally understood why Jerry would have so long sound of the engine after he parked the car. All he did was to hide the other car.
	The road was connected in all directions. There was no monitor around. So Kent didn't know which direction they went.
	"Damn it!"
	Kent was unwilling to lose the clue he had tried so hard to find. He walked in the distance anxiously. He was also worried that Vern would be in a greater danger if he found him one more second late.
	"What is this?" Kent looked around. Not far away under the sun, the paint under the wheels was clear.
	His eyes suddenly lit up and he drove along the line.
	A car was parked not far away. Kent hid his car in a corner and approached the car carefully.
	It was an old and shabby house, which was more frightening than an unfinished building. It seemed to collapse at any time.
	Kent slowly approached the window along the wall. The window was old, and he could just see what happened inside from the crack. Emily was sitting on the only chair, and behind her were several strong men in black.
	And the man left on the ground was Vern.
	Seeing that, Kent's pupils dilated in a flash. He was angry at the cruel woman.
	The house was very tattered, and there was even no door. When Emily felt nothing, Kent appeared suddenly.
	If someone else had appeared, it would not have been so shocking.
	"What... Why are you here?!" Emily pointed at Kent in disbelief. Hadn't this man been drawn away by Jerry? Why did he show up here? Damn Jerry, didn't he do his job well?
	"What? Are you surprised?" Kent said with a smile. At the same time, he was vigilantly observing the surroundings, trying to find the most advantageous position for himself.
	The room was old and shabby, with places that people could turn over and get out of. It might not be difficult for him to get away, but that was not his purpose.
	Kent looked at Vern. He was sitting there weakly with a rope tied around his body and looked at everything in front of him with doubts.
	"Emily, have you forgotten my warning?"
	As Kent spoke, he moved closer and closer, as if the shadow in Emily's heart ran into the real world, making her panic and forget where she was.
	Taking advantage of this opportunity, Kent quickly ran to Emily and grabbed the knife from her hand. The series of actions were so fast that many people did not react.
	Emily returned to herself and found that she had been subdued by Kent. He pressed Emily against the wall. His eyes were not as gentle as usual, but very vicious. "Release him."
	Those men looked at each other and suddenly didn't know what to do.
	"Should I let him go?" One of them pointed at Vern and asked Emily. Emily was pressed to the side, revealing half of her face with difficulty, and her heart was full of hatred for Kent.
	Every time, no matter what happened, it was destroyed by this person.
	"No. Why are you staying there? Come and help me."
	Emily's words were squeezed out of her teeth. Vern was her only bargaining chip now. If she let him go, wouldn't the incident fail again?
	Hearing her words, those men did not pay attention to Vern on the ground. They surrounded Kent, and Kent put the knife in his hand on Emily's neck.
	He watched those men approach him and then started to think about how to deal with this situation.
	"If you take one more step forward, I will not be able to hold the knife in my hand."
	Kent took the knife and pressed into Emily's neck a little more. Slight blood flowed out. Emily was completely panicked now.
	"Madman! You are a madman!"
	she shouted and wanted to break away, but she dared not move because of the blade. Those strong men could not doing anything and just stood still.
	At this time, Kent was really like a lunatic, gambling on everything to face them.
	"Dare you come over?" asked Kent, staring at them. His voice was not too loud but hit them hard in the heart.
	Emily was not decisive as before. She began to hesitate. The cold touch on her neck made her sober up.
	"Let him go!"
	Emily yelled at a few men, fearing that Kent would kill her. Those strong men thought they could save Emily, but since she chose to let Vern go, they said nothing more.
	A man quickly came forward and loosened the rope around Vern, who was free in an instant.
	"Sir, are you okay?" Kent still controlled Emily and looked at Vern worriedly. He had just recovered from a serious illness and now he was in such a mess. He didn't know how he was doing.
	"I'm fine."
	Vern shook his head, looking at Kent with inquiring eyes. He was shocked to see a man rushing in alone and trying to save him.
	"Sir, get out of here as soon as possible. I have my car here and the engine is still on. Drive it away,"
	Kent said to Vern. He just wanted to save Vern, so he didn't care what he would do.
	"Be careful. Don't be controlled by anyone. I'll go with you."
	Looking at the covetous group of people around, Vern was very worried about Kent. He knew that he came to save him, so he couldn't leave first.
	He was ready to leave with Kent, but he didn't care too much about the present situation. Controlling Emily, Kent wanted to leave with him. Those people were closer to him.
	"Sir, you can leave first. I will handle it."
	Kent was anxious when he saw the current situation. He just hoped that Vern could leave here as soon as possible so that he could have a chance to negotiate with Emily.
	He was no match for them if they used force.
	Emily found that Kent wasn't holding her as focused as he was just now, so she was about to fight back. She had just winked at those men, and then several people rushed in from outside the dilapidated house.
	The men looked at them and found that they all had guns.
	"Sir, are you okay?"
	Jonas's friend saw the middle-aged man in the crowd at a glance, who looked a little embarrassed and looked very anxious.
	"How's it going? Have you found him?"
	Then it was Jonas who rushed in. Seeing Vern was saved, he breathed a sigh of relief. He patted his friend on the shoulder and sincerely said, "Thank you."
	"Dad, I'm sorry I'm late." Jonas walked forward to hold Vern. Meanwhile, he also noticed Kent in the enemy's camp.
	If it weren't for the knife on Emily's neck, Jonas would have thought that the kidnapping had something to do with Kent.
	"Do you guys want to check if the gun is real or not?"
	Jonas's friend looked at those strong men and said in a domineering tone. Meanwhile, his men got closer to them and subdued the other side with a few moves.
	Emily was also subdued. It was a great relief for Kent. He looked at Jonas with complex emotions in his eyes.
	If Jonas hadn't appeared today, he really didn't know how to deal with the incident. It was because he was not calm enough and didn't think about the possible situation here. If he had contacted the police, he could have saved Vern from the beginning.
	Instead of making him suffer.
	"You're a nice lad. You are so brave to save him alone." Jonas's friend wandered around Kent, who was still standing there, and the knife in his hand had already fallen to the ground. A policeman came to him and took it as the evidences.
	Kent forced a smile and didn't know what to say.
	"Jonas, are they all your friends?" Seeing several people with guns, Vern felt a little uneasy.
	"Dad, they are my friends. You can rest assured that they are good young men and are just dressed casually when carrying out a mission." Jonas explained to Vern with a smile, understanding his worries.
	He was worried that those men were also some gangsters who would drag Jonas down if he stayed with them.
	He thought, 'It's all that guy's fault.' He was so flirty that he even did not take away his weapon. Instead, he was chatting with Kent over there.
	He raised his head and looked at Kent up and down. He was good-looking, but thin in shape. But he admired his courage.
	Since he was the rival in love of Jonas, he must be capable.
	"What are you doing there? Don't you want to deal with them?" Jonas shouted at his friend, who came back after a long time. Looking at Vern, he greeted seriously, "Nice to meet you, sir. I'm a friend of Jonas and I come from the A City police station."
	There were quite a few police stations in A City, large or small. And he was from the head office of the police station.
	Hearing his words, Vern thought that what Jonas said was right. He was really a good young man with a bright future. As a young man who was able to enter the A City police station at such a young age, he must have the ability.
	"Dad, let me carry you on my back." As Jonas spoke, he half crouched in front of Vern, who was also frightened by today's accident.
	"You can just hold me,"
	said Vern. Jonas didn't insist, and he felt his heart came back to its original place after he safely helped Vern get into the car outside.
	At last, he was greatly relieved.
	"Thank you so much today. Let me treat you a meal another day." Seeing that his friend was busy with his work, Jonas said gratefully. If he hadn't helped to analyze, he could not find the whereabouts of Vern.
	"It's my pleasure. He is frightened today. Take him back home first," He said, waving his hand. Seeing that the scene was almost dealt with, he also asked a few men to escort a car of criminals away. 
Chapter 233 Trying To Be Together
	After all the people left, Kent gradually came back to his senses. His legs were almost trembling when he returned to the car, but when he opened the door, he was still shocked.
	"Sir," he said in astonishment. Hadn't Vern already gone with Jonas? With such astonishment in his heart, Kent slowly got in the car.
	He still trembled slightly. When he put his hand on the steering wheel, he found that he could not control the car at all. He loosened his hands in frustration.
	"Are you okay?" Vern asked. He was supposed to leave just now, but thinking of what this young man told him when they were in danger, he asked Jonas to send him to this car.
	Jonas had to do as he said.
	"It's okay. I'll be fine after some rest," Kent said, a little embarrassed. He couldn't believe that his legs were shaking because of the fight just now.
	He had been living by law and hadn't touched these gray zones. That kind of shock from the deep of his heart made him scared.
	What made him so scared was that he accepted it so quickly.
	"You're Mellie's senior, right? She once told me about you." Vern didn't know who he was until he took a closer look at him.
	In Melinda's college days, she always talked about Jonas, and then a senior who was nice to her.
	In Melinda's heart, Kent was a senior who was nice to everyone. She had never thought that Kent was only nice to her.
	"Nice to meet you, sir. I'm Kent Jiang."
	Kent didn't expect that Melinda would mention him in front of her father. He was flattered and couldn't help but speak more reserved.
	"You are a good man." Vern never forgot the moment when Kent rushed in. He was also a little tired now. Kent was a sensible person. He let him lie down and have a rest. And Kent said that when he arrived home, he would wake him up.
	Vern' father accepted. He was not as energetic as when he was young.
	Especially when he just recovered from a serious illness.
	Kent drove Vern home. But there was a mess at home because those people broke in this place.
	"Sir, you can have a rest in the living room. I'll clean the bedroom for you." When seeing the scene, Kent could almost imagine how Vern resisted at that time.
	"It's okay. You must be shocked today. Go back and have a rest." Looking at his own room, Vern said calmly, as long as there was a place for him to stay.
	They had been used to this kind of life, so they didn't care about it. Especially because they were born in the military family, the hard work was almost a family training.
	Although Vern didn't think it was a big deal, Kent still cleaned the house carefully and prepared food for him. His food was simple but showed that he was very considerate.
	Kent believed that Jonas would strengthen his protection for Vern. He didn't worry about him, took the things he prepared to Vern and left immediately.
	Now that Vern was safe, Kent dared to tell this to Melinda.
	"Mellie, do you have time now? Let's meet."
	When Kent returned home, he tidied himself up and made the call to Melinda. He was holding the phone with a trembling hand.
	He had no idea when he could get better as the shadow always followed him. After reading a lot of books, Kent was a little worried that he would become that kind of person.
	But the only person who could cure him was Melinda.
	"Senior, what's up?"
	Thinking of what Kent had done for her, she was reluctant to go out and meet him.
	"I have something to tell you. It's about your father,"
	Kent added some more, worrying that Melinda would refuse without mercy. She used to do that without any excuses.
	After hesitation, Melinda thought of that Kent said he would visit her father. Did her father hide something from her?
	She had so many unpleasant things on her mind that she broke out in a cold sweat out of fear.
	"Okay. Send me the address and I'll be there soon."
	Kent thought for a while and chose a coffee house which was close to Melinda's company, so when he arrived, Melinda was already sitting there.
	"Senior, this way!" The moment Melinda saw Kent, she waved her hands to greet him. After that, he walked over and found that the drink in front of Melinda was not something she liked most, but a cup of water.
	"How long have you been waiting?"
	Holding back his suspicion, Kent sat down opposite to Melinda. Soon the waiter served him his favorite coffee, which was obviously ordered by Melinda in advance.
	"What happened to my father?"
	As soon as Melinda saw Kent sitting down, she couldn't wait to ask. She was angry last time because of her father's attitude. She hadn't been home for a long time.
	"Today, I went to visit him and happened to see that he was kidnapped. It was Emily and Jerry."
	"What did you say?"
	Before Kent could say anything, Melinda rose from her seat abruptly. Her voice was so clear in the quiet coffee shop.
	Many people looked at her in surprise. Kent stood up in a hurry to comfort her, "Don't worry. It's all right now. Your father has returned home safely."
	Melinda slowly sat down with one hand on her waist and the other on her belly. She still had a lingering fear.
	Although Kent didn't say anything, she could image the danger.
	"Could you tell me what happened exactly?"
	Melinda said in a trembling voice, trying to calm herself down.
	But when she thought of the baby in her womb, she suppressed her fear and kept saying that it was over.
	Kent didn't know that Melinda was pregnant. Otherwise, he would hide it from her till the end just like Jonas did.
	Kent told the story in a casual way as if nothing had happened. Only a writer would have made the terrible scenes into warm ones.
	However, Melinda was still trembling with fear when she analyzed the content.
	"It's all my fault. If I hadn't been angry with my father and ignored him, he wouldn't have suffered such an accident. I didn't know that at all."
	Tears of remorse fell from the corner of her eyes. If it were not told by Kent, her father would never have mentioned it.
	"You are not to blame for this. It was Emily who did it. You are also a victim." Seeing Melinda cry, Kent became anxious.
	He comforted, wiping her tears with a silk handkerchief.
	"But all of this is because of me," Melinda said as if she was the one who had brought her father's disaster.
	"He has come back. It is a good thing. You can go to see him now and accompany him well," Kent comforted her. Melinda nodded while crying. She was eager to see her father, to hug him and to feel that he was all right.
	At the thought that it was all Emily's fault, Melinda trembled with fear. She wasn't afraid of what Emily would do to her, but she couldn't bear the thought of hurting her family.
	"I want to go home, senior."
	Melinda felt aggrieved. Kent patted her on the shoulder and handed her the water. He didn't open his mouth until Melinda felt better.
	"If you want to see your father now, you have to tidy yourself up first,"
	Kent said. Although Melinda didn't wear any makeup, she looked a mess now.
	She sniffed and smiled opportunistically. "I'm okay now," she said to Kent.
	"Are you really okay?" Kent was still worried. He had never seen Melinda so sad before, or in other words, she was a little squeamish.
	This had never happened to Melinda before.
	Even when they just knew each other.
	Of course, Kent didn't know that Melinda would have such a sensitive emotion and was easily triggered because of the pregnancy.
	"Yes, I am really okay."
	Melinda smiled through tears. Kent took her to his car and searched inside.
	"Wipe your face first. Then there is something you like to eat behind you. You used to say that you could forget your unhappiness by eating something. So it's the same now. Do you understand?"
	Kent said. Hearing that, Melinda was a little bit absent-minded. There were many foods placed there and the date was fresh. She could tell that Kent bought them often.
	Would senior do these things when she was not here?
	In the past, somebody had said that Melinda had a low EQ, but she was not convinced. Now she had to admit that she indeed had a low EQ. she had never felt such an obvious feeling of love from Kent to herself.
	At the thought that he risked his life to save her father, and it was Emily who brought all these disaster to her, Emily...
	"Senior."
	Lowering her eyebrows, Melinda suddenly opened her mouth. As Kent was still fasten the seat belt, he looked at her in confusion.
	As all the food were placed at the back of the seat, Kent let her sit at the back of the seat. Now he was a little regretful that he didn't let Melinda sit next to him so that he could see her better.
	"Do you still like me?"
	All of a sudden, Melinda raised her head and looked at Kent. Her eyes were full of sincerity as if she had made a very important decision. Stunned by this sudden question, Kent was lost in thought for a long time.
	" think that I've been behaving obviously."
	After a long while, he said in a disappointed tone as he usually did when he fastened the seat belt. He felt that Melinda was about to let him leave by saying this topic all of a sudden.
	Mellie had been like this for many years. She had been cruel enough to make people desperate.
	"Then... Let's try to be together,"
	said Melinda. She did not know whether it was right or not to do so, but there was a voice reminding her to leave Jonas.
	For a moment, Kent went from hell to heaven, and he even doubted that he was hallucinating. He kept the posture for a long time before he found his voice. 
Chapter 234 Being Together
	"Mellie, are you serious?" He rubbed his ears to make sure that he heard it right.
	"We can have a try, but... Senior, I'm pregnant with Jonas's baby now."
	With eyes closed, Melinda said. At this moment, she felt that she was too selfish, but Kent was not as shock as she thought. On the contrary, he unfastened his seat belt, walked excitedly to the back seat and hugged her tightly.
	"I don't mind, Mellie. I can be the father of our baby." Kent was so excited that he was incoherent. He wanted to hold her tighter, but when he remembered that Melinda was pregnant, he carefully loosened his grip.
	He held Melinda's hand and told her how he felt at this moment. "Linda, I feel like I am dreaming at this moment, a surprise fell from the sky and hit my head."
	"Are you so happy?"
	Melinda asked in confusion. But she felt sad when she recalled the time when she knew she could be with Jonas, she also felt excited as well.
	Melinda could not help but feel the same feelings as Kent now.
	"How old is the baby now?" Kent's eyes fell to the abdomen of Melinda. Though it was the child of Jonas, it was also the child of Melinda.
	This woman was his favorite. He wouldn't mind at all.
	"More than three months."
	When it came to the child, Melinda always wore a smile on her face. Seeing how satisfied she was, Kent could not help but grin. Then he got a bit shocked.
	"Now that you're pregnant, you can't eat these food. Sit in the passenger seat." Kent looked at these snacks in disgust. They were all junk food now.
	From now on, he had to be nice to Mellie. If she really liked it, he would try his best to learn to cook for her.
	Kent pulled her to the front passenger seat. The speed he drove all the way was even lower than that of a motorcycle. He was so cautious that Melinda could not help laughing.
	"Senior, are you too nervous? I'm just pregnant. Nothing serious,"
	Melinda said. Till now, Kent still thought that Melinda was the first class national protected animals and he had to be careful.
	When they arrived at the Vern's house, Kent took Melinda's hand while walking. Melinda didn't say anything. Kent would get used to her pregnancy.
	Vern had just woken up. He was really shocked to see that Melinda and Kent arrived home hand in hand.
	"Dad, are you all right?" Melinda released her grip on Kent's hand, walked forward and hugged Vern. Her tears, which had been restrained for a long time, fell down again. Vern was instantly stunned.
	"What happened? Why are you crying?" Vern was at a loss. It had been a long time since she acted like a spoiled child in front of him.
	He hadn't had this feeling for a long time, and he didn't know how to face it.
	"Let's go inside, Mellie."
	In the end, Kent got Vern out of the trouble. Melinda was obedient to him, but she hung herself on her father all the time, almost clinging to him.
	"Sir, I told everything that happened today to Mellie,"
	Kent explained to Vern. Vern understood, patted Melinda on the shoulder, and said, "You're going to be a mother. Why are you still a crybaby?"
	It seemed that her daughter had grown up.
	"Dad, I'll come back and take care of you, okay?"
	asked Melinda expectantly. Her tearful eyes were like broken stars, so bright. Vern could not refuse what she said.
	"Hey, this is your home. You can come back if you want,"
	Vern said very bluntly. However, Melinda did not mind. She continued to play the coquetry with her father. Now, the expression on Vern's face could not maintain.
	The pleasure on his face made Melinda realize that her father still doted on her as before.
	Melinda decided to look after her father, but the two men stared at her belly for a long time, and finally pressed her on the sofa.
	"You can talk to your father. I will help you with the housework."
	Kent volunteered to take over the housework. Seeing them getting along with each other, Vern felt something strange.
	"Well, Kent, you don't have to do that. An hourly worker will come here to clean the room tomorrow,"
	Vern yelled at Kent, but the latter didn't stop. Instead, Vern turned to look at Melinda and said with reproach, "Mellie, how could you be so selfish? He is our guest, how can you let him work?"
	Melinda was eating fruit and stopped. Then she smiled at her father and said carelessly, "Let him do it. He is my boyfriend now."
	"What did you say?"
	Vern liked Kent and had a good impression of him, but he had always regarded his son-in-law as Jonas.
	So when he knew they were together, he was surprised first and then disagreed.
	"Mellie, are you out of your mind?"
	Melinda was pregnant with a child of Jonas now, so he couldn't accept the fact that she was with Kent.
	Kent had been paying attention to the situation over there. Seeing that Melinda told the truth about their relationship, he stood quickly beside her.
	Vern stood in front of them like a villain.
	"Dad, I have thought it over and made up my mind to be with him."
	Hearing her father's opposition, Melinda became a little anxious. She tightly held the hand of Kent, as if to express her determination at this moment.
	"Shut up!"
	Vern said angrily. He looked at Kent unfriendly, but Kent stared at him in a neither humble nor pushy way, tightly holding Melinda.
	"Sir, I will take good care of Mellie,"
	Kent promised. He loved the woman dearly and would never give up since he got a chance now.
	"Kent, thank you very much for saving me, but I won't agree you to be together,"
	said Vern, looking at Melinda, hinting her to leave Kent.
	While what he said made Kent very embarrassed. Maybe it was out of the deep love for Melinda that he saved Vern, but hearing what Vern said, it seemed that Kent did it on purpose.
	"Dad, what are you talking about?"
	Melinda looked at Kent worriedly and gave her father a wink. Unfortunately, he didn't understand her wink. He was still over there, firmly expressing his attitude.
	"Dad, Kent is my boyfriend now. You've gone too far. You embarrassed him,"
	Melinda said in anger. She felt awful when she thought of what her father had done to Kent, and she was also afraid that Kent might think that her being together with him was just a favor.
	Melinda didn't want to admit it, but she had another thought.
	Being scolded by his daughter, Vern realized that he had just gone a little too far. Anyway, it was not right to say so.
	But he was a stubborn father.
	Looking at the two people, Vern couldn't figure out his daughter's thoughts at the moment, so he simply stopped talking.
	"It's time for dinner. Stay and have dinner together,"
	Vern said, which made it a step back. Hearing that, Melinda sighed with relief secretly. He blinked at Kent. Just now, Kent had been worried that she would change her mind. But now, seeing that she stood up for him, he felt much better.
	The reason why she led Kent to go out shopping was that she didn't have any food material at home. She wanted to take this opportunity to have a good talk with her father, so that Kent would feel embarrassed to stay in the same room with them.
	Both of them knew clearly what Melinda wanted to do, but they all cooperated with her.
	As soon as Kent left, Melinda came to her father and wrapped her arms around him, acting like a spoiled child. "Dad."
	"Stop saying anything. I won't agree to your relationship," Vern said coldly, but Melinda was not discouraged at all.
	"Why? I can see that you like Kent very much,"
	Melinda asked. She couldn't understand why her father could accept someone like Jonas, but couldn't accept Kent.
	"I do like this child, but it's not that serious as to let my daughter marry him." Vern snorted coldly. After all, Mellie was his most precious treasure.
	"Well, Dad, the problem now is that your daughter wants to be with him,"
	Melinda said, taking all the responsibility for herself, which made her father much unhappier. Vern couldn't help but add more fuel to the fire. "Did you forget that there is a baby in your womb?"
	"I have already told him about that and he doesn't mind. Father, do you hope me to randomly spend my life for my child?"
	Melinda asked her father in reply, which made Vern much angrier.
	"Haven't you given him many times in your life? You are my daughter. Can't I tell whom you like?"
	Vern said, feeling sorry for his daughter. Melinda and Kent were friends, and it was different when she was together with Jonas.
	That was the way she really liked a person, both laughing and crying.
	Hearing what her father said, Melinda didn't know what to say. After a long while, she said, "Dad, I've grown up and I know a lot of things. Love can't solve all problems."
	She didn't distinguish the question with her father. She just sat there silently and thought about something.
	When Kent came back, he felt the atmosphere between the father and the daughter was quite strange. Vern looked at him and even gave him a cold snort.
	The mother-in-law would like her son-in-law more and more, while the father-in-law was much unhappier and unhappier with the son-in-law.
	What's more, this was the son-in-law that he did not want. Before the dust was settled, her daughter had a conflict with him because of him.
	At this moment, Vern felt as if he were a child who was wronged.
	At the moment Melinda saw Kent, the smile on her face appeared. She went up to Kent and saw what he had bought. Then she said to Kent, "It's all my favorite!"
Chapter 235 A Drama
	The dinner was prepared by Kent. The pregnant woman, Melinda, was forbade to enter the kitchen. On the one hand, Vern did not like Kent; on the other hand, he wanted to see if he could take good care of his daughter.
	Vern had already known in his heart that he could not persuade Melinda.
	The dinner was very rich with light taste, which was suitable for Vern's recovery from serious illness and the pregnant woman like Melinda. But it was a little embarrassing for the three people to eat together.
	Melinda thought her father had given up. To her surprise, he started the conversation while eating again.
	"Mellie, haven't you contacted Jonas today? When I was sick, he took care of me everyday and learned new recipes for me."
	When Vern spoke of Jonas, he didn't forget to take Melinda with him. It was not until he recovered that Kent knew he had come to visit him. Being compared with Jonas, Kent was somewhat embarrassed.
	"God knows how busy he is!" Melinda looked carefully at Kent. Seeing that he did not react much, she felt relieved secretly.
	"The more capable he is, the more responsible he is. But nothing is more important than his health. He had talked to me casually, how could he be so careless?"
	Vern said awkwardly. Every word he said was about Jonas, which made Melinda feel uneasy, not to mention Kent.
	"Dad, no talking while eating." Melinda was very depressed. She had thought that after Kent saved his father, his father would not oppose at all, but she didn't expect that it would be like this.
	Jonas was a character. Even his father had been won over by him.
	"When did you get used to such a manner? Jonas taught you?" At this moment, Vern spoke subconsciously about Jonas. Kent was picking up the food and stopped in place. In fact, he wanted to talk to Vern for several times at the dinner, but he was ignored by him all the time.
	Hearing this, Melinda slammed her chopsticks on the table, and the two men turned to her simultaneously.
	"Dad, I'm full."
	Melinda hadn't eaten anything at all. The delicious food on the table was basically untouched. Her father's face turned stiff. He didn't expect that she would disrespect him so harshly.
	He simply put down his chopsticks and looked at the two people. Kent originally wanted to persuade Melinda, but he was directly pulled up from his seat by her forcefully.
	"Dad, I feel a little uncomfortable and want to go for a walk."
	While saying that, Melinda didn't wait for her father's response and pulled Kent outwards. Both Vern and Kent felt that she was a little angry.
	"I'm sorry, Senior," Melinda said to Kent as soon as they left home. She did not miss the discomfort of Kent, but he bore the pain for her.
	She didn't deal with the relationship between her father and her senior well.
	"It doesn't matter. He may not get used to the change of his son-in-law, but he loves you so much that he will definitely accept your choice, so that he will slowly accept me."
	Kent touched her head and comforted her. When Melinda was sad, she was as cute as a rabbit.
	"Well, dad will definitely accept you and agree us to be together."
	Melinda nodded firmly. She didn't believe that Kent couldn't do it if Jonas could conquer her father.
	"You little fool," Kent said, rubbing Melinda's nose. Then he held her hand and walked out. The street lights in this neighborhood were dim at night, but it made people feel warm inexplicably.
	"I've spoiled the dinner you prepared for me."
	"It doesn't matter. If you like it, I can prepare it. I will ask you to order the dishes next time."
	"Then I want..." Melinda's voice dissipated at the end of the road. At the same time, Vern walked towards the room from the balcony in the distance.
	The noisy living room became cold and cheerless suddenly, leaving him alone. Vern could not help but mutter, "you ungrateful kid."
	The elders really could not figure out what happened between the children, but Vern felt it necessary to do something.
	Holding the phone, he hesitated for a long time, but still called Nelson.
	Although they were relatives by marriage, they rarely contacted each other.
	"Uncle Nelson," Vern greeted. Nelson was two years older than his father, Leonard, so he called him that since childhood. It was just that he didn't know that Uncle Nelson was a well-known entrepreneur in A City at that time.
	"Vern, why do you call me today? I heard from Jonas that you had been ill a few days ago. Are you all right?"
	All the politeness and gentleness that Nelson had had given to the Mo family throughout his life. He was a kind elder to Vern.
	"I am all right now. Please don't worry about me. How are you feeling recently?" Vern was a little annoyed. As a younger generation, he had even forgotten these manners. He could only say that he was irritated by the fact that Melinda and Kent were together.
	"Everything is fine," Nelson replied happily. Now he was much better than before, and the relationship between Linda and Jon also became good. What's more, they finally had a child.
	Nelson's heart ached when he thought of the innocent missing child.
	Fortunately, everything was all right now.
	"Uncle Nelson, I call you to ask what has happened to Mellie and Jonas."
	He didn't contact Melinda recently. Every time he met Jonas, Jonas was always in a hurry. He cared about him and didn't talk much about Melinda, so he didn't know much about the two children.
	Nelson was very confused, but he replied, "Everything goes well. I'm pleased to see that the two children have overcome all the difficulties."
	"Uncle Nelson, are you sure? Why is Mellie with Kent now?"
	Not knowing what had happened, Vern realized that she seemed to have hidden it from everyone. Nelson was shocked when he heard this.
	"I'll go ask Jonas."
	Finishing these words, Nelson hung up the phone. At that moment, Queena came down the stairs and was called out by him.
	"Dad, what's up?"
	Queena had made an appointment with several rich ladies. At this time, she was ready to go out.
	"Has Jonas come back recently?" asked Nelson. Since Jonas was busy with his work and often went to Melinda's place recently, there was less time for him to meet Nelson.
	Nelson didn't know when it was the last time that Jonas came back home.
	"He has been in Mellie's place these two days. They get along well. What's wrong?"
	Queena was stunned. She didn't know why Nelson asked her this question. Nelson sighed again after hearing it. They were all kept in the dark.
	"Vern called and told me that Linda was with Kent now." Kent was not a stranger to Nelson and Queena. Queena exploded when she heard that.
	"How can that be possible? If Melinda and Kent get together, the baby's last name will be Jiang. It is the child of Gu family!"
	"You'd better ask Jonas about it. It's been a long time. He hasn't got along with Linda yet."
	Nelson was dissatisfied with Jonas's failure to chase Melinda even though they had already had a child. Was he really pursuing her with all his heart?
	Queena didn't care about playing with her friends anymore. She talked a few words with Nelson and then called Jonas, asking him what was going on.
	In fact, Jonas was the last one to know that his wife was together with someone else, and with their child.
	"Don't spend all your time on the trifles in the company. You should try to get Linda back. If your wife and child belong to other people, you will lose everything!"
	Queena said. Jonas felt wronged because he knew nothing at all.
	It only past a few hours since Melinda decided to be with Kent. If Jonas knew, it would be too strange.
	"Mommy, where did you get the gossip?" Jonas still couldn't believe the news. He had a good time with Linda these two days. How could she get together with Kent so soon?
	When he remembered that Kent was also there when he saved Vern today, Jonas had a bad feeling.
	"The news was from Melinda's father. How could it be wrong? What are you doing these days?" Queena was even more furious when she heard that. Jonas didn't even know that his wife was chased away.
	"Mommy, I'll look into it,"
	said Jonas, his eyes squinting dangerously. Kent dared to take even his girl away, and he was as bold as he was before.
	It seemed that he was too gentle at that time, which made Kent not afraid at all.
	Jonas immediately called Ted and asked him to investigate the matter.
	"Since this afternoon, Mrs. Melinda went to the coffee shop with Kent Jiang in the afternoon. They acted intimately after getting in the car." Ted did things well, and the investigation turned out to be a little astounding to Jonas.
	Actually, it was not necessary to mention such a detail. His heart was filled with jealousy all of a sudden. He couldn't understand what Kent did to make Linda agree to be with him.
	'No, I have to find a way to separate them as soon as possible.'
	"Ted, I need all the social information of Kent. Be quick!"
	With Jonas's order, Ted and his fellow subordinates got back to work. They checked the information one by one quickly and looked through the computer screen.
	Soon enough, a well sorted data was sent to the mailbox of Jonas.
	Looking at the detailed information above, Jonas combed through the information in his mind and soon a plan was formed in his mind.
	"Ted, whether it works or not this time, it depends on whether you are upright enough or not," said Jonas. Then he told Ted he needed his help to act in the drama.
	"Don't worry, boss. I'm good at it." After hearing what he said, Ted promised while patting his chest.
Chapter 236 It's All Against
	Kent had been doing well in the past two years. He had bought a house in A City for his parents. Although the house was not very large, it enjoys a good geographical location and it was convenient.
	Kent's mother was not used to living in this big city at the beginning, but she accepted to live in this big city gradually.
	Every day, she got up early and went to the supermarket nearby to buy food. She would prepare the breakfast by herself occasionally, and sometimes she would go out to for dinner.
	As usual, she went home directly with two deep fried dough sticks in her hand after buying vegetables. Her husband had been nagging about the fried dough sticks near the gate of the community these days. Today when she saw them, she brought two back.
	"Oh, you finally opened the door. I've been waiting for you for a long time. Do you know a big gossip I've heard recently?" Seeing Janet got close, Ted banged on the door. Once the door opened, he said with excitement.
	Gossips were people's favorite things.
	Janet slowed down when she heard him. She wanted to know what kind of gossip they were talking about.
	"What kind of gossip is it that makes you so excited?" One of the neighbors of Kent's mother said to him with a careless look.
	"As I remember, your neighbor is called Kent, right?" A mysterious smile crept up on Ted's face. As soon as she heard that it was about her son, Janet paid more attention to their conversation.
	"Yes. What's wrong? It is so mysterious." The two of them were about to push each other and enter the room. Janet was a little worried that she couldn't hear what they were talking about.
	But how could Ted let her not hear what he said? In the end, Ted said to the man, "I heard that he was dating a pregnant woman called Melinda. What's more, the baby is not his. How amazing it is!"
	"What? I have never heard of it." The neighbor said in surprise and looked at the door of the opposite house meaningfully. Then she happened to see Janet. Upon seeing this, they quickly ran into the room and closed the door.
	They acted so fast as if they had been hurt, as if she had been caught doing bad things.
	After Janet came to herself, she felt so humiliated. Nothing comes out of nowhere. She was sure that what happened today was true.
	This name was not strange to his family. It was the woman his son long for, and it was also because of her that his son gave up such a good daughter-in-law.
	Janet never thought that this woman was so shameless. She even seduced her son when she had a child. She was totally irritated and wanted to burn Melinda to death.
	At the same time, in the room opposite the door of Kent's house.
	"Bro, you are a good actor." The neighbor took the money in his hand and counted it happily. He didn't expect that he could get so much money for playing like this. It was almost half a year's salary of him.
	"It's all because you have cooperated well. All right, I've finished it and I'm leaving now. Don't forget what I've told you."
	Ted patted on the man's shoulder. He was sure that Kent's mother must have heard what he said.
	Whether the boss's plan would work or not, it would depend on her then.
	As for the atmosphere of the police station, Jonas didn't have to worry about it, because he trusted Ted very much. When Ted remembered, he would tell the Jonas what had happened.
	"What's wrong with you? Why are you coming back with a sullen face? Don't quarrel with the people who are shopping outside again." It is easier for Charles to adapt the pace of life in this city than Janet. He was reading newspaper on the sofa with his presbyopia glasses.
	"Am I?"
	Being exposed by her husband, Janet was pissed off. Charles supported his glasses and finally took off them to make him feel more comfortable.
	"Yes, you are."
	Kent's mother didn't want to spend money so hard. She didn't know how much money her son earned. The last time she saw a villain, she had a big fight with him. And the issue was still discussed in the neighborhood.
	"You've brought me fried dough sticks. Nice."
	Kent's father said with satisfaction. There were other breakfasts prepared by Kent's mother on the table. The fried dough sticks could only be regarded as the ingredients.
	"Eat! Eat! You are still enjoying eating!" Kent's mother thought of what she had just heard, and suddenly lost her appetite.
	"I … Aren't I happy that you bought me deep fried dough sticks? Why can't I eat it? "
	Charles waved his hand helplessly and said. He didn't know who outside had pissed her off. Now she went back home and got angry.
	"The neighbor pissed me off!" She threw the breakfast on the chopping board and told her husband what she heard.
	"Are you sure what you heard is true?" Kent's father asked in disbelief. They all knew that his son liked Melinda, and accepted that.
	It would be a good thing if they could be together. But now that she was pregnant, what would others say about their family if they knew that.
	"How could I hear the names of my son and that woman wrong?"
	Said Kent's mother, looking worried.
	"Shall we ask our son to go home?" Charles said. He had to ask Kent first. He wanted to know what was going on.
	"Of course I have to call him back. I was wondering how to tell him,"
	Said Janet. It was really hard for her. Kent and she had quarreled with each other because of Melinda. So she felt very disgusted now, and she didn't want to mention it in front of Kent.
	"You don't need to think too much. Just say what you want." Kent's father said. He knew his wife very well. He didn't expect her to say something euphemistic.
	Kent's mother agreed with her husband. She was not the kind who would take the policy of conciliation.
	Then she called Kent.
	"Dear, come home when you're free. I have something to ask you."
	"I know. I will go home tonight." Kent felt something wrong when he heard his mother. But soon he sensed that what was going to happen, so he didn't avoid.
	"Okay, I'll wait for you."
	In consideration of his busy work, Kent's mother did not ask him to go back home immediately. But she was doomed to be restless that day.
	Kent got off work on time, but it was inevitable for him to be stuck in traffic jam. When he arrived home, it was almost seven o'clock. His mother had been restless the whole day, but when she saw her son, she calmed down.
	"Have you eaten yet?"
	Charles asked. He gave a hint to Janet with his eyes, indicating that he should let his son have dinner first even if she was very anxious.
	"It doesn't matter, mom. What do you want to know?" He understood what his mother wanted to ask.
	"Let's eat first." Kent's mother said when she saw her son's emaciated body.
	Kent nodded and hung the coat on the hanger. Then he rolled up his sleeves and went into the dining room. The dishes on the table were mostly his favorites.
	"Dad, mom, let's eat together." Kent looked at their whispering in the living room and said. Charles nodded and turned to Janet "even if you don't want to eat anything, you have to eat something in front of our son."
	The atmosphere during the meal was unusually silent. When Kent put down his chopsticks, Kent's mother finally could not help asking, "Dear, I'm asking you, are you with Melinda?"
	"Yes, she agreed to be with me."
	A smile appeared on Kent's face. He hoped to get his parents' blessing, but his mother looked so indifferent.
	"I don't agree with you. That woman has been pregnant with other's child and still wants to marry you. What a big joke!"
	Janet said. Kent's father said nothing. After all, it was impossible for him to let Melinda become a member of the family even she had other's children.
	Kent lowered his head and looked at the table. Finally, he looked at his mother with great courage and said directly, "Mommy, who I will be with for life? It's depending on myself. I will marry Linda."
	He used to be with his ex-wife in accordance with his mother's wishes, but in the end, they broke up in discord. So this time he would never compromise easily.
	"Mom, I think you know my feelings for Mellie well." The stubbornness in his smile hurt his mother's heart. She was afraid that her son would be hurt just because she was clear about everything.
	"I'm going to bed."
	Kent didn't want to hear anything bad about Melinda from his mother, so he returned to his bedroom directly. He had a plan that he would bring Melinda home tomorrow.
	Sooner or later, his mother would understand him.
	Kent mentioned about going home with Melinda, and she agreed without hesitation.
	"What do your parents like? Kent, could you please tell me? I'll keep that in mind. " Said Melinda. She felt that she should bring some gifts to his parents.
	Seeing how serious she was, Kent felt a little sad. If she knew his parents' attitude, would she still be like this?
	"They love to be frugal, so you'd better not buy anything." Kent said. He was telling the truth. But she thought he was just kidding. Melinda was still focusing on choosing the gift.
	The gifts were not expensive, but they were full of sincerity. At noon, Kent directly brought her to the home. Melinda was originally nervous to see his parents, but when Kent opened the door, there was not a sound in the room.
	She looked at Kent doubtfully and followed him.
	Kent's parents sat in the sofa and didn't say anything when she came in. It was considered a gesture of indifference.
	Holding her hands, Kent gave her a soothing smile to cheer her up. Then, he led her to the front of his parents, and put the bags that Melinda bought on the table in front of the sofa.
	"This is the gift from Mellie."
	Said Kent. His mother glanced at them coldly with her arms crossed. After a while, she said, "Your father and I can't afford to accept it. You'd better take them back."
Chapter 237 Shameless And Scary
	The whole room was filled with embarrassment. With the gaze of Kent's mother, Melinda lowered her head sadly.
	Kent was distressed to see that. He said to his mother seriously, "Mom, she is my love."
	"Your love?"
	Kent's mother laughed. She looked at Melinda with disdain as if she was looking at a rubbish.
	"Is the baby in her belly yours? Are you an idiot? Is it comfortable to wear the cuckold? "
	"Do you know what people outside say? They said that my son was a back-up man. What do you expect I can do? I don't want to go out anymore."
	The more Janet said, the angrier she was. Hearing these words, Melinda felt very sad. When Kent held Melinda's hand, there was a subtle change in his expression.
	He didn't care about what others would think of him, but his mother was getting old and how can he didn't care about the gossip of her.
	"Melinda, do you think you are good enough for my son? Let's talk about love. Have you ever thought to yourself that you are really love my son? "
	Said Janet. A woman pregnant for a man must really love that man, unfortunately this man was not her son.
	Melinda lost her tongue and didn't know how to answer, but Janet began to be aggressive, "I don't ask you to do other things. But you must have an abortion. If you really want to live a good life with my son, can you do that?"
	As soon as Melinda heard this, she covered her belly with her hands subconsciously. From this moment on, she realized how important this child was to her.
	"Mom, what the hell are you talking about?" Kent began to panic. Every word Janet said broke the hearts of the two who tried hard to get together.
	"She doesn't good enough for you at all."
	Kent's mother shouted out loud. Her voice was like a giant stone pressing in the heart of Melinda, making Melinda feel hard to breathe.
	'Am I good enough for Kent?' 'Am I good enough for Kent?' 'No, I'm not.'
	Melinda started to think in her heart, thinking that he was such a good man, but she was such a bad woman.
	"Mom, stop! Linda can't afford to see that!" Asked Kent worriedly as he saw that Melinda's face became pale.? ? "The baby in her belly is not a member of our Jiang family. It's my family. It is depend on me." Kent's mother said in a bad mood. It was not until now that Kent realized how wrong he was to take Melinda home.? ? He had never seen his mother like this.? ? "Melinda, you ruined my son's life. Why don't you let him go now?"? ? Kent's mother suddenly burst into tears when she remembered that all these years her son had done just was to get the woman's love.? ? "You take her away first. Your mother is very sad now," ? ? Kent's father, who had been standing there indifferently, couldn't help but say when he saw this.? ? Kent looked at his mother, and then glanced at the pale face of Melinda. He nodded to his father. When he was about to take Melinda out, she refused.
	"Kent, I think we both need some time to calm down. I hope you cannot contact me during this time." She said sadly. No one had accused her of not being a good match for anyone like this for a long time.
	'But his mother was right. I couldn't match such a good man.'
	I cannot being happy easily.
	"Mellie, do you know what you are talking about?" Kent looked at her in disbelief, but his mother's eyes suddenly lit up.
	If Melinda left her son at this time, she would still think highly of him.
	"Kent, I know better than ever what I am doing and what I say." She felt her brain was clearer than ever.
	'I clearly recognize myself and precisely position myself.'
	In the past, she always thought all things too simple, just like when she was with Kent, she felt nothing could frighten her anymore when he said he didn't mind or dislike.
	But what was the truth? It was the rumors of outsiders, and what they said was right.
	"I'm sorry, Kent."
	Melinda then stood up and walked out of the sitting room alone, her tears fell down at that moment.
	Kent wanted to follow her, but his mother caught him and she would not allow him to do anything stupid. Kent's mother was very happy that Melinda leaves Kent.
	"If you get out of this door today, You are not my son anymore." Said Kent's mother. Tears fell down from the corners of Kent eyes. Janet was sad to see that, but she couldn't let her son go out. So she must be the bad guy here anyway.
	"Kent, you should understand your mother."
	Charles patted Kent's back and said. They didn't get on well with each other in the past, but now there were no gaps between them. Charles habitually didn't interfere in Kent's business, for the first time he did.
	Seeing his mother's tearful eyes, Kent felt bad. "Even if I beg you, okay?" Janet said.
	Her hair had turned gray, totally different from an old woman at her age. In the past two years, she had been too worried about the matter of Kent.
	"Got it." As Kent said, he returned to his bedroom in a trance.
	After stepping out of the Jiang family's house, the neighbor called Ted and told him that he had just heard a loud noise in the next room, and then he saw that Melinda came out alone.
	These days, she tried to get used to the days when there was only the baby in her womb. She went to work as usual, but she always felt alone. In the past few days, as she had begged Kent, he had not been in touch with him.
	She didn't know how she felt clearly. She was disappointed and relieved at the same time.
	She thought, what Kent's mother said was right. She still didn't love Kent, so being with him was just a burden to him.
	However, those words inevitably made her sad. The action of Kent also let her down. She began to lose again.
	She felt that it was the last time for her to try her best to get a happy life. But now, she failed.
	Happiness, however, didn't last a long time.
	Sitting on the balcony, Melinda looked at the outside world with a pillow in her arms. Though the lights of thousands of families were lit up, none of them warmed her.
	Ever since she got pregnant, she had become more sentimental. At the thought of this, she couldn't stop until she was interrupted by the doorbell.
	There was an expectant look in her eyes, but when she saw Jonas walked in, she was a little disappointed.
	At that moment, she was looking forward to seeing Kent. He would tell her that he had solved everything and he could give her the happiness she wanted.
	"Are you disappointed to see me?"
	Jonas asked unhappily, but he returned to normal soon and was in a good mood since he had solved his biggest rival.
	"If there is nothing else, please go back." She wasn't in the mood for the moment, so she didn't even bother to make a perfunctory answer to Jonas's question.
	"Are you still waiting for Kent?"
	Said Jonas in a serious tone. If this was the case, he would… He had no choice but to try his best to win her back.
	"Do you have anything to tell me or not?" Hearing Jonny's voice, Melinda thought it was probably a noise. Now she needed a quiet environment to think about what she should do next.
	"Yes."
	"I arranged all of this. I deliberately asked someone to say these words in front of Kent's mother in order to let her know about it." Said Jonas seriously, looking at Melinda.
	She stared at him with her eyes wide open. At the moment, she felt that he was a devil with sharp teeth revealing.
	"Why did you do that? What makes you think you can do that? You're way out of line, Jonas!"
	She didn't expect that it was all arranged by Jonas. He interfered so much that her happy time was so short.
	"Because I love you."
	Irritated by her words, Jonas shouted out loud. But hearing this, Melinda shook her head repeatedly. Apparently, she didn't believe him.
	She warned herself in her heart that Jonas was not telling the truth and she should not believe him anyway.
	"Linda, don't be angry. Listen to me." All of a sudden, Eden, who was just making passionate confession of his love to her, became extremely gentle. He was a little aware that he seemed to have scared her by doing this.
	"Jonas, you always find excuses for what you do." Melinda said in disappointment. Although she felt bitter in her heart, she did not regret it at all. As long as he could get her back, it was okay to be the bad guy.
	'In addition, Kent was not match Melinda at all.'
	"I just want to help you test Kent. He said that it didn't matter, but did he consider the family pressure and external pressure? No, He didn't. "
	"It turned out that Kent couldn't stand the test any more. Now he could not stand it. What about in the future?"
	Hearing his so-called reason, she was pissed off. Exasperated, she didn't any other words but "how shameless you are."
	"I don't think I'm wrong."
	He still felt that he did nothing wrong. Comparing with the present situation, he wanted to let them see the reality. It was better than she will be disappointed in Kent later
	"Jonas, don't you think you are shameless and scary?" She was so angry that she felt a sharp pain in her chest. With one hand supporting her waist and the other hand slowly patting her chest to calm herself down.
	Seeing this, Jonas was anxious, but he dared not to come forward. He knew better than anyone that Melinda would definitely refuse him.
Chapter 238 The First Test
	"Jonas, don't make yourself so noble. Test Kent? Do you think you're qualified?"
	If it weren't for the manner, she would have pointed at Jonas and hurled insults at him. In her eyes, Jonas was the person who hurt her most in a relationship.
	But it was also this man who was accusing others of their affection for her.
	"Why am I not qualified?"
	Melinda was about to lose control of her emotions. But Jonas was unusually calm. He neither accepted her blames nor refuted her. He just silently told the truth that he felt.
	"Linda, just come and test me. Then you will find out who loves you the most,"
	said Jonas. He was even looking forward to seeing such a scene that let Linda test him, which meant that she was willing to give him a chance.
	This time, he would not let Linda down.
	Looking at Jonas, Melinda was so angry that she laughed out loud. She mocked, "Okay, I will test you.
	"Mr. Jonas, I hope you are not as impatient as before."
	All of her shadows were too painful to look back. She thought a lot of times to test Jonas and only to prove herself a joke many times.
	She had even expected that Emily would appear in less than three days, and Jonas would have forgotten what they had said today.
	"Linda, I hope you have some confidence in me,"
	Jonas said in a soft voice and walked up to her. He wanted to hug Melinda, but was dodged by her. "Can you leave now?" she asked, looking at him impassively.
	Melinda was a little tired. The feeling of exhaustion overwhelmed her again.
	Jonas pursed her lips and restrained the words he wanted to say to Melinda in his heart. He forced a smile.
	"Have a good rest,"
	said Jonas. He turned around and left with disappointment. He seldom showed any facial expression, so even if he was unhappy or disappointed, Melinda couldn't figure it out.
	But Melinda could feel that Jonas was in a bad mood. She hated her understanding of him.
	Since Jonas left, he had been encouraging himself. At least, Linda was not with Kent now, and she was willing to give him a chance. It was a great change.
	When Jonas returned home, Nelson was drinking tea in the living room. Seeing him, he asked in a hurry, "Have you figured out what happened between Linda and Kent? How is your relationship with her going?"
	Nelson also wanted to ask him how exactly he chased her. How could the child be unable to help him?
	Queena was preparing dinner in the kitchen. She had not been busy in the kitchen for a long time and had been interested in trying new dishes recently.
	Hearing Nelson's question to Jonas, she left her work to a servant and walked out of the kitchen after wiping her hands.
	Jonas sat calmly next to Nelson. There were three cups of tea on the table, a faint fragrance floating, making him can't help but feel relaxed.
	"This tea is good."
	With these words, Jonas took one cup of tea and smelled it. All of a sudden, he sighed that only Nelson could make such good tea.
	While drinking tea was fastidious. The two elders were a little anxious because of the unhurried appearance of Jonas.
	"It is a waste of tea for you to have it. Now, tell me what happened between you and Linda," said Nelson unhappily, looking at Jonas. Realizing that he was disliked, Jonas was not angry, but had been used to it.
	As long as Melinda was involved, Nelson would definitely support her.
	"I had people put on a show. Now Linda and Kent have broken up," said Jonas. This show seemed simple, but it had incisively and vividly squeezed people's hearts.
	Experienced businessmen mastered tactics the most. Generally speaking, tactics were difficult to deal with.
	And Jonas was one of them.
	"Do you think we can settle all this just by making a scene?"
	But Nelson realized it was not that simple. He asked confusedly, and then Jonas told him the whole story.
	"Well done! Such a person does not deserve Linda." Nelson was very angry when he heard that Melinda was disliked by the Jiang family and even abandoned by Kent, although he hoped that Melinda could be with Jonas.
	"Dad, who are you supporting?"
	Queena said reluctantly. If Kent had passed the test, Melinda would be with him forever.
	Hearing this, Nelson touched his mustache which didn't exist at all and coughed with embarrassment. Then he came back to the point.
	"Linda doesn't know you did this, right?"
	"She knows."
	The two elders were stunned by Jonas's words. Since when Jonas was so unreliable? This even made Nelson doubt Jonas's ability again.
	"I've told her everything. Linda..." Thinking of the attitude of Melinda, Jonas touched his nose and said calmly, "She is a little angry."
	Melinda was not only angry, but Jonas briefly cut down the whole story.
	"But now Linda promised to give me a chance. She will test me. You can rest assured that I will get her back."
	When Jonas said so, Nelson and Queena laughed in satisfaction, especially Nelson said good all the time.
	"Well, it's good that Linda is willing to give you a chance. Dinner is almost ready. Let's go to eat," Queena said. There was a joyful smile on everyone's face, as if Melinda had accepted Jonas.
	Having a happy dinner, the Gu family was not in the gloom atmosphere in which they knew that Melinda and Kent were together.
	Jonas had a lot of work to do every day. After dinner, he accompanied Nelson and then went to the study to work.
	Nelson put a heavy burden on him. Although he didn't say anything, he had set up a lot of opportunities for Jonas in private.
	It was one o'clock in the morning when Jonas came to rest. A few minutes after he lay down, his cell phone rang in a hurry.
	This phone call was set specially for Melinda by him. Hearing it, Jonas jumped out of the bed and answered the phone quickly. His voice was not as cold as usual, and was a little sleepy.
	"Linda."
	"Jonas,"
	Melinda said, but then didn't say anything. Since Jonas was waiting patiently, after a long while, Melinda slowly said, "Come and pick me up."
	"Pick you up? Where are you now?" Jonas was not stupid, so he didn't think that Melinda was at home.
	At the thought of the health of Melinda, he began to worry about her again.
	"I'm at a barbecue stall on the roadside outside the fourth ring. There is an obvious building near me. It's a hotel called YC. Come and pick me up,"
	Melinda said sleepily. She seemed to have drunk some wine, which made Jonas more worried, but he didn't want to blame her. Now the most important thing was to take her back.
	"You just stay there and don't run around, okay? I'll be there soon."
	As Jonas spoke, he put on his coat. He was quick in movement. He put on his indoor slippers and got on the car.
	His car was usually parked in the yard. He got on the car and started it quickly.
	"Linda, let's keep talking until I get there, okay?" Jonas asked worriedly. Melinda was alone outside of the fourth ring in the middle of the night.
	Most hooligans like gathering around barbecue stalls.
	"H'm," Melinda answered in a daze. She didn't hang up the phone. Instead, she just replied "H'm" whatever Jonas said, sounding very tired.
	There were few cars on the road at night. Although Jonas's car speed kept rising, he still thought it was too slow.
	Melinda was lying on the bed. She felt that Jonas called her name from another world. A few minutes later, she was completely asleep.
	She dropped her phone on the side. Inside the phone it was still from Jonas.
	"Linda? Linda?" Jonas called her several times, but she didn't respond. Not long after, she began to breathe and Jonas felt that she was asleep.
	He was too worried about Melinda that he did not notice the quietness over the phone. How could there be no sound at the night barbecue stall?
	The barbecue stall in the city was far away from the Gu's mansion. It was almost three o'clock in the morning when Jonas arrived.
	That was to say, he was driving really fast.
	Almost overnight, there were many people eating in the barbecue stalls or sidewalk food stall. Therefore, Jonas looked around as he hurriedly walked through the stalls, but he didn't see Melinda.
	He couldn't help worrying, holding the phone, only to find that the phone had been hung up. Unprecedented panic swept over him.
	He looked at everyone around him and felt that they were all like criminals.
	"Are you Mr. Gu?"
	Just when Jonas was about to contact Ted, a man carrying a large plate of roasted food came to him and put the food on the table beside him.
	"Miss Mo asked me to deliver a message to you, saying that this is your first test. She wonders if you can pass it or not. Now that you're here, I think you have passed it. These are the rewards Miss Mo gave you."
	The man was the owner of the barbecue stall, but he felt strange when he was asked to do so by Melinda. After thinking that young men were all like this, he agreed.
	He didn't expect that the Mr. Gu she said had really come here, and the time was much earlier than she had expected. If he went out in the middle of the night to look for someone, he must be in love with her.
	"She told you this?"
	asked Jonas as he looked at the stall owner, and then he felt that it was the style of Melinda.
	The stall owner smiled kindly, took out a piece of paper from his pocket after wiping his hands, and handed it to Jonas. 
Chapter 239 Adolescent
	At one glance, Jonas knew the words were written by Melinda. It was a small note with graceful handwriting but not constrained.
	"Congratulations, Mr. Jonas. You should deal with the first award for you."
	"Ha-ha." Looking at such childish words, Jonas couldn't help laughing. The gratification on his face made him look much softer.
	The way he showed up just now had attracted a lot of women's attention, and now they all looked at him.
	In an instant, Jonas calmed himself down and looked at the grilled food on the table next to him. He sat at the table indifferently without any embarrassment.
	He didn't feel superior to others, even though he was not used to the dining environment here.
	But as long as it was given by Melinda, he would accept it all.
	Maybe, this was the second test for him. Thinking of this, Jonas felt that the food that Melinda ordered wouldn't be too strange, and it was something that he usually ate, no matter it was salty or spicy, to a point that Jonas could accept.
	Melinda always had a good understanding of this sort of detail about Jonas.
	Jonas ate slowly. When he had barbecue, people had the feeling that he was in a western restaurant. Jonas ate all of them.
	He still wasn't used to eating outside and felt a little uncomfortable in his stomach, but he looked at the stall owner with expectation.
	He had eaten them all and believed that the stall owner would told him that Linda have told him.
	"I didn't expect you would like to eat these." The stall owner was surprised to see that Jonas had swallowed all the food on his plate.
	He also misunderstood that Jonas liked such stuff.
	Jonas made no explanation. He felt a little disappointed. Looking at the stall owner's appearance, he knew it was not a test.
	When he returned home, there was not much time to rest. Leaning against the chair, Jonas could not help thinking what kind of test would come to him later.
	But it didn't matter. No matter what happened, he would not let Linda down.
	Vern had been paying close attention to Melinda's actions these days. Seeing that she had no contact with Kent, he was very gratified, but at the same time, he was a little anxious. He wondered when Melinda would be able to be with Jonas.
	As her father, he could not understand why Melinda was so stubborn. But since she had been doted on by Jonas, he could not say much.
	Melinda was calm, but Vern thought it was the omen of a storm.
	"Jon, how are you getting on with Linda?" Vern dialed Jonas's number again. Recently, he had more contacts with his son-in-law than with Melinda.
	Jonas knew that his father-in-law had always been behind him, helping him to chase after Melinda, and he was also touched.
	"Dad, I've been doing well with Linda. Don't worry,"
	said Jonas. After he knew the accident that Melinda and Kent were together, he cared about Melinda very much. But he would give Melinda some space.
	But Vern didn't think so. He called just to remind Jonas.
	"Remember to report it to me every day, understand?" Vern was a stubborn old father.
	"Don't worry, dad. Linda is testing me,"
	said Jonas. In fact, most of the time, Melinda's test was childish, but Jonas had been serious to deal with it, and he had been accustomed to it over time.
	To his great relief, he had not made any mistakes in the past few days.
	When there was no test, Jonas would think about it all the time, but when it came to the test, he did it with his inner feelings instead of considering it at all.
	He just wanted to treat Melinda with infinite love.
	"If you are free today, come to have dinner with me,"
	Vern added. The two talked about Melinda for a while before hanging up.
	Now, it was these elders who were most nervous to see Melinda test Jonas and give him the chance to get back together.
	It was said that parents would live a life full of worries once they had a child. Vern interpreted it perfectly.
	"Okay,"
	Jonas instantly agreed.
	After hanging up the phone, Vern looked at the clock on the wall and called Melinda.
	The weather was getting hotter. Melinda often wore loose clothes, so others did not find that she was pregnant.
	Now she still went to work every day. As for her clothing, she trusted Jonas. Because of her nature of working, she was meant to deal with the computer more often.
	Melinda had tried her best to write on hand, but it was impossible for her to hand the reviewing over to others.
	When Vern called, she was working on the finishing up of the whole morning.
	"Dad, what's wrong?"
	Melinda was typing the keyboard with her fingers. When the sound came to her father, he frowned immediately.
	"Are you still working? What time is it now?"
	Vern had suggested that Melinda should quit her job and stay at home for nourishment. She looked at the computer all day long with radiation. Moreover, it would take her a lot of energy to look at those things.
	All in all, he didn't think it was a good thing.
	"Oh, dad, it's time to get off work now. I'm just about to have lunch."
	Melinda didn't know what her father had done recently. He bothered her so much that he looked like an old granny. What's more, he even asked her to have dinner with him every day.
	"What will you eat in the canteen of your company? Is the food okay? You need nutrition now. You'd better eat less outside."
	A series of words uttered by her father confused Melinda.
	"Dad, it's a nice canteen, with meat and vegetables and soup. Don't worry. I won't abuse myself,"
	Melinda said helplessly. She didn't have any other choice. Now, she had to take calcium pills every day to replenish her nutrition. Every time when she went to the hospital to have a check-up, she would find a way to make up for her loss as long as the doctor said something bad.
	She attached great importance to this baby, so she would be careful as well.
	But she was not used to the feeling of carefulness.
	"People always say that canteen is bad. Only you like it," Vern said in a childish tone. He wished he could bring some food to her daughter every day, but he also knew that it would have a bad impact on her.
	"Your daughter is not some spoiled rich lady. I won't be so picky about the food."
	While saying, a figure's face suddenly appeared in her mind. Melinda swayed her head fiercely.
	Just now, the scene that Jonas treated her like a princess flashed through her mind.
	When she recalled the happy moments in the past, she felt that those things would be imprinted in her heart for a lifetime, and when she did so, the scenes began to blur.
	"Well, I don't want to bother you either. Remember to go home for dinner tonight." Hearing what Vern said, Melinda hesitated for a while. Finally, she opened her mouth and said, "Dad, I'm busy today. I have a manuscript to write, which is needed tomorrow morning."
	The other end of the line kept silent for a long time. Finally, the phone was hung up.
	She stood there stiffly and realized that her father was angry with her.
	However, Melinda didn't understand why her father suddenly controlled her as if she was an adolescent when she was going to be a mother.
	This made her somewhat resist.
	"Melinda, are you going downstairs for dinner?" The person next to Melinda couldn't help asking after seeing that she had been in a daze in her seat. Melinda packed her mobile phone and gave a smile as if nothing had happened.
	When she was about to say something, someone knocked at the door. A deliveryman stood at the door and looked around.
	"Who is Melinda? Your takeout is here." Ted looked into the office, imitating what the deliveryman did. At last, his eyes locked on Melinda.
	Melinda looked a little confused. She clearly remembered that she did not order any take out. It was easy to forget things when one was pregnant, but it was not so serious as this.
	"Is Miss Melinda here?" Ted looked at the bill in his hand, and called out to the crowd inside. The colleagues all looked at Melinda.
	Ted breathed a sigh of relief. He went into the department and took out the takeout boxes one by one for Melinda.
	"This is your takeout. Don't forget to give us a five-star high praise."
	He was more professional than the deliveryman when it came to saying such words. After seeing the note on the lunch box's cover, Melinda finally knew what the takeout food was.
	It was sent by Jonas, and the smell was familiar, and it seemed to be made by the servant of the Gu's mansion.
	It was not easy for Jonas to buy takeout box for Melinda. In order to send a take out for her, he had asked someone to prepare it for her.
	"Oh, you ordered takeout. Then I'll go downstairs now."
	Her colleagues who had greeted her before said not in a very good mood. Normally, they would order meals with colleagues. However, Melinda ordered without a word and her food was so delicate.
	It was understandable for people to overthink it.
	However, Melinda had a rough time and was resented for no reason.
	In the afternoon, Melinda was concentrating on the following draft. When her inspiration flashed, her phone rang again.
	"Dad." Melinda felt a little uncomfortable. Usually, inspiration was a fleeting thing. Now that they were here, they were completely freaked out before she could catch it.
	"Linda, I'm not feeling well. Can you come back now?" Vern's voice sounded very weak, as if he was trying very hard to endure pain. Hearing this, Melinda immediately panicked.
	"Dad, are you all right? Don't worry. I'll be back soon."
	While saying that, Melinda walked towards the leader's office in a bit of a hurry. Her father spoke ambiguously on the phone. He didn't make it clear, so Melinda felt even more anxious. 
Chapter 240 Jonas Was Cooking
	At this moment, in Vern's house, Jonas and Vern were drinking tea happily. Jonas had asked his men to bring good tea here.
	"Sorry, my Mellie makes you a lot of troubles. You have to take good care of her from now on."
	Thinking that Melinda said that she didn't have time since she had to finish the manuscripts, Vern sighed and realized that he had been controlling her too tight these days.
	Anyway, he still had a way to get Melinda back from the company.
	"She's stubborn."
	Although Jonas said so, a faint smile emerged on the corners of his mouth. He looked at the clock on the wall, thinking of the distance between Melinda's company and here.
	"Dad, I'll go to the kitchen to prepare the dinner," Jonas said. He had bought a lot of cooking materials, which had been processed before, and now it just needed to be cooked in pot.
	"You can cook?"
	Jonas looked graceful all over. His tailor-made suit was taken off by him and hung aside, exposing the shirt inside the suit.
	The buttons on the shirts were all glowing jewels. They were of moderate luxury in low-key.
	No one would believe that he dressed up to prepare lunch, not for a negotiation or meeting a friend.
	"Dad, don't worry." said Jonas confidently. He went straight to the kitchen, where there were many materials of different styles on the chopping board.
	Jonas recalled the recipe in his mind and began to prepare them in an orderly way.
	After explaining to the leader, Melinda rushed back home in a hurry, only to find her father watching TV on the sofa, as if nothing had happened.
	"Dad, are you okay?"
	Melinda rushed to her father before she changed her shoes, which frightened Vern.
	"You have a baby in your belly. Don't be so rash."
	How could Melinda not be worried, but she gradually realized that something was wrong. She calmed down. Looking at her father, she asked doubtfully, "Dad, are you okay?"
	"I'm fine,"
	said Vern, while looking to the kitchen. Melinda followed his direction, and saw a man in elegant as if he knew nothing about the world, who was cooking something with a spade.
	His movement was natural and flawless, but it could be seen that he was not very skilled. Melinda slightly narrowed her eyes, as if she could see sweat slide down the handsome face.
	"Jonas is a nice kid. He came to see me when he was so busy and bought so many things for me. He said he wanted to cook for me."
	Vern was always generous with his praise to Jonas. That was why he always lied to get Melinda back.
	Hearing this, Melinda finally understood why her father lied to her because he wanted her back right now.
	Slowly sitting down, she watched the busy cooking figure in the kitchen and fell into deep thought.
	"Linda is back, isn't she?"
	Jonas was quick and it had something to do with his style. But the dishes on the table were exquisite and it was like a dish in the restaurant.
	People couldn't tell it was good or not.
	The coldness in his eyes always disappeared when he saw Melinda.
	"Did you prepare all these?"
	Melinda went to the dining room, and there were several dishes on the table. The strong smell of food came to her nose, making her unable to resist eating.
	Even if she didn't have a good appetite because of her pregnancy, her mouth had been hooked.
	"I can testify that Jonas did it himself." Not knowing when, Vern came behind Melinda and interrupted her.
	He looked at the dishes on the table with satisfaction, and felt that his son-in-law was versatile.
	"Look, Jonas is so busy. He even came to visit me and cooked for me. How about you? I asked you to come back and have dinner with me, but you didn't listen to me."
	After comparing his daughter with his son-in-law, Vern said in a slightly reproachful tone. Melinda felt very sorry for what she had done, and Jonas thought it was unfair for her. He said in a hurry, "Linda is pregnant now and it's very hard for her. She has to go out to work. It's my fault."
	"You are spoiling her. Mellie, in my opinion, you'd better quit your job."
	Sitting aside, Melinda kept silent. She could bear the intensity of her job. There was no need to quit. More importantly, she liked this job.
	"Dad, Linda likes her job. She will be happy if she can communicate with different people every day."
	With that, the look on Melinda's face finally softened a lot. Vern stopped talking and took the seat of honor.
	Melinda went to the kitchen and took out all the dishes for Jonas. Although there were only three of them, Jonas still prepared a big meal of seven dishes and a soup.
	They were light and nutritious, suitable for the pregnant woman like Melinda and the patient like Vern.
	"When did you learn to cook?" Melinda couldn't help but ask.
	Jonas knew nothing about how to cook and he seldom went into the kitchen. But now he had cooked so many dishes.
	And some of them were difficult to cook."
	"I've been practicing it these days." As Jonas spoke, he glanced at Melinda, and saw that her face had no fluctuation, so he continued, "But cooking is really not easy. I've learned these dishes for three days and three nights and didn't sleep much at night, but I still failed."
	He said so with pretended disappointment. Hearing three days and three nights, Melinda raised her eyebrows slightly. Her father continued to praise him, "You are so thoughtful. Please sit down to eat."
	Taking a look at Melinda, Jonas stood since she hadn't taken her seat. Unable to contradict him, Melinda sat down by the right side of her father.
	She couldn't help but look at Jonas. There were deep dark circles around his eyes. Apparently he didn't sleep well.
	Seeing the table full of dishes, Melinda's mood became complicated again. Her anger that she got when she came back home had almost disappeared.
	"You used to drink soup first. This is the soup I cooled just now. It's good for you to drink it now. Have a try and see if you like it,"
	said Jonas gently. Looking at how kind he was, Vern nodded.
	Feeling embarrassed by his soft look, but Melinda did not refuse him. She was afraid of the soup being greasy. The soup prepared by Jonas was slightly sour and spicy.
	But it was a good taste. Melinda closed her eyes in satisfaction and said, "It tastes good."
	Hearing this, Jonas laughed and said happily, "If you like it, I'll make it for you. Or if you have anything want to eat, just tell me. I'll go and learn."
	Hearing that, Vern burst into laughter. With a red face, Melinda glared at Jonas. "You have learned only a few dishes for three days and nights. Never enter the kitchen again."
	"How can he not enter the kitchen? I think the food tastes good, not worse than yours," Vern said. Suddenly, Melinda felt that she had no place in this family.
	"It's okay as long as you like it." However, Jonas thought that Melinda was just feeling sorry for him, so he was happy and satisfied. He thought that it worth that he had been very busy in the past few days.
	Vern was in a good mood. Regardless of their dissuasion to drink, he drank some wine. Therefore, Jonas had to accompany him. While watching them and drinking the soup, Melinda's heart was filled with satisfaction.
	Even when Jonas was talking with Vern, he always paid close attention to Melinda, and took good care of her when he saw she drank up the soup, and filled the bowl with rice.
	"Mellie is so lucky to meet you," Vern said, signing. Standing aside, Melinda curled her lips in disdain. Her father only saw how good Jonas was to her, but didn't know what he had done.
	At the thought of Emily, who did not show up recently and was scheming something.
	"It's my greatest fortune to meet Linda," said Jonas with deep and affectionate love. He only felt it awkward to say these words before, but now he felt that it was impossible to say them enough.
	"We are all lucky. You look perfect matched as you sit together. This child will grow up well in the future."
	As Vern spoke, he thought of his grandson, who had inherited such a good gene and must look good. He was more looking forward to this coming baby.
	Melinda wanted to retort, but when her father said about the baby, she couldn't help but touch her belly with a happy face.
	This child was her greatest fortune.
	"I think so too. I'm the only man who is good enough to be Linda's husband,"
	Jonas echoed him and acted shamelessly. She didn't know whether he was praising her or himself. Eating quietly aside, Melinda couldn't stand the conversation between them.
	"I'm relieved to have you as my son-in-law," Vern said in relief, as he was fully satisfied with his son-in-law.
	"Dad, I haven't been with him yet,"
	Melinda couldn't help but mumbled. Before she agreed, they began to call each other father-in-law and son-in-law.
	"Sooner or later we'll be a family. It's troublesome to change the appellation," Vern said in a serious tone. Hearing that, Melinda did not know what to say for a moment.
	"Eat more. Other pregnant women usually gain weight. You're getting thinner," said Jonas, comforting and spoiled her.
	Three months had passed, and Melinda hadn't gained weight. Now her belly was a little plump, which made Jonas can't help worrying.
	She was so weak. What if she had a big belly when the time was coming?
	"It's normal for me to be thin because of the pregnancy reaction,"
	Melinda said. She was very worried about her lack of nutrition. Every day, she forced herself to eat a lot.
	Not to mention Jonas, a mere thought of the scene frightened Melinda into cold sweat.
	"I told you to go home for dinner, but you didn't listen to me. Look what you have done to yourself,"
	Vern echoed. Looking at the two, Melinda chose to shut up. In this family, she'd better eat more and talk less. 
Chapter 241 Spend A Night Together
	Melinda had a good appetite, but she didn't eat much. She felt full. Looking at her, Jonas said worriedly, "is the food not match your taste? Why are you eating so little? "
	However, her father thought that was normal. He consoled, Jonas, "don't worry about her. That's exactly what she wants. She'll be fine soon."
	Since it had been a long time since he prepared the dishes, Melinda didn't want to disappoint him.
	"I usually eat less. If I eat too much, I will feel uncomfortable." She comforted him.
	The good news that she was pregnant made her feel bitter. She could not eat much now, but she would definitely be hungry in less than two hours. All her office drawers were full of food these days.
	This was a situation that had never happened before. Even Victor couldn't help but tease her.
	Half skeptical, Jonas didn't say anything more. He cut a plate of fruit, asked Melinda to take it to the living room to accompany her father, and he cleaned the table.
	Such a thing was strange to him, but fortunately, he had a good ability of learning all the time.
	"Are you done?"
	Melinda couldn't help but look at the dining room. It seemed that the restaurant was quite clean.
	"It's not a big deal."
	Said Jonas proudly. He had totally forgotten that he had cooked for several times in the past two days and the result hadn't been so good.
	He naturally sat beside Melinda. Melinda's fruit was on her legs, but she hurriedly picked it up and angrily looked at Jonas. "This is an armchair."
	But they could sit together.
	"It doesn't matter. We will squeeze in each other. If you want, I will hold you." He put his hand on her waist and was ready to hold her up.
	"No, I will leave my seat to you." Melinda hurriedly stood up, but was firmly coached by Jonas.
	"Oh, I'm so tired."
	As he said, he put Melinda on his lap and leaned his head against Melinda's shoulder, with a satisfied smile on his face.
	Hearing this, Melinda slowed down her motion. Finally, she was softhearted and felt a little awkward. She found a more comfortable posture in the arms of Jonas, and handed the fruit in the plate to him.
	"You want me to feed you?" Jonas raised his eyebrows and asked, taking a piece of fruit and throwing it to his mouth. He looked at Melinda seductively.
	Thinking of something, she shook her head madly. Jonas laughed out loud.
	"Linda, you are so cute!"
	Said Jonas. Recently, he often saw Melinda's column, and found that many fans commented her like this. For example, she is so outstanding and beautiful.
	That's why he learned that statement unconsciously.
	"Jonas."
	She suddenly said, as she grabbed his clothes and looked up into his affectionate eyes. At that moment, her heart beat fast.
	"What's wrong?" He asked gently, putting his hand on her head, as if comforting a little pet.
	"I don't know how to describe my feelings now. But as long as you have no contact with Emily, and you are completely out of touch, there may be a chance between us."
	She felt a sense of happiness for what had happened tonight. This was the happiness she had been pursuing.
	Although Jonas did a lot, she still felt that he liked Emily, but treated her with responsibility, or because of the baby in her womb.
	Ever since she got pregnant, she was more eager to have a child.
	"Okay."
	Jonas agreed with her without thinking. He had never liked Emily. In the past, he just was not clear about his feelings to Emily and didn't know what love was.
	Besides, now that Emily's true colors were revealed, it only made Jonny feel sick. Thinking of what she had done to Melinda, Jonas wished that he could make this person, Emily, disappear in front of them forever.
	His straightforward answer surprised and astonished Melinda. She even couldn't believe it.
	"Linda, I'm telling the truth. I hope you can trust me. You should learn to trust me. I know I have done many things that hurt you before, but trust me, I have realized my love for you, and I won't do such a bad thing anymore."
	The expression on her face broke Jonas's heart. He then realized that he deserved it.
	"Jonas, give me some time."
	She didn't know whether she should believe it or not. She was afraid that what had happened would happen again. In the past, it was ok, but now she was pregnant.
	"Okay, I'll give you some time."
	No matter how many tests she would have, he was not afraid. What he was worried about was that she would belong to someone else.
	Looking at them, Vern felt a little happy. He happened to go downstairs for a walk. So he left directly without disturbing them.
	Jonas didn't say any vows to comfort her, but stayed with her quietly. The topic of their conversation was always about the baby.
	Since last time he went to see a doctor, he was more skillful at it than ever.
	This puzzled Melinda to be. "How do you know so much?"
	"I'm clever. I'll keep it in mind. Don't worry about that." Jonas said in a playful tone. Hearing his sarcasm, Melinda was pissed off and her mouth puckered up like a cute rabbit.
	He couldn't help but poke her cheek, and she glared at him.
	"I asked the doctor. He told me all." Eventually, he didn't prepare to ask for praise or something else, but his behavior in silence moved her more.
	It turned out that he had done a lot of things behind her back.
	"Should I learn more about this?" Melinda said doubtfully, but she felt that it was not enough for her to give birth now, so there was no need to do so much.
	"I will arrange these for you." Said Jonas. He didn't have the heart to let her worry about these things when she was pregnant.
	All these were in his plan and he would have arranged them well.
	As for the issue of her baby, Melinda thought that he could do something.
	When Vern came back, the two of them were still sitting together in the same position, but obviously, Melinda was a little tired. She had been resisting Jonas at the beginning, but gradually leaned on him.
	"Dad, Linda is a little tired. Let me take her back home."
	"She also could stay here." Vern said, after giving a look at Melinda.
	Jonas looked at Vern and knew what he meant. Looking at Melinda who was in his arms, she gradually fell asleep.
	"I'll take her in room for a rest." Since it was late at night, Vern nodded and said, "you'd better stay here and have a rest."
	Her sleepiness was driven away in an instant, and she became wide awake. "There is no spare room here."
	Looking at his daughter, Vern showed an amiable smile, "Why are you still afraid of sleeping with him now?"
	Hearing that, Melinda didn't know what to say. Trying hard to suppress a smile on his face, Jonas comforted her, "just go to sleep. You are pregnant, so you don't need to worry about me."
	After thinking for a while, Melinda thought it quite reasonable, but she felt something wrong.
	Jonas carried her to the bedroom, and found out from the closet a pair of pajamas of Melinda. Seeing that she was going to change clothes in the bathroom, Jonas was very nervous. "Change your clothes in the bedroom, and I promise I won't look at you."
	As he said, to prove that he didn't lie to her, he quickly turned around and covered his eyes with his hands.
	Just as her father said, she will have a baby, she shouldn't consider more.
	"It's still early. You can go back first. I need to rest, too." As she spoke, she uncovered the quilt and crawled into it, with her head only exposed.
	"It doesn't matter. I can sleep on the sofa later. Now that you are pregnant, it's not good for you to take the subway or drive yourself. I can drive you to work."
	With that, he took off his suit, put it on himself and lay down on the sofa.
	Looking at his somewhat uncomfortable appearance, she hesitated and said, "There are a little noisy in the middle of the night. You'd better go back."
	She was so sleepy now, but she had to take a shower in the middle of the night, and then when she felt hungry, it was already early in the morning.
	Hearing this, Jonas was even more disapproving. Anyway, he wanted to stay here.
	"I'll go and ask Dad if he has loose clothes that you can wear." Said Melinda. How could it be comfortable to sleep in a shirt or a suit pants? Looking at his awkward appearance, she began to hesitate again.
	However, Vern was more thoughtful than the two of them. He sent a suit of clothes to Melinda before she came over.
	"I've bought this dress for a bigger size, but I haven't worn it yet. If you don't mind, you can wear it to sleep."
	Vern was very fastidious about food, clothing and transportation. Although the clothes were not as good as that of Jonas, he was also particular about the material.
	Jonas took it over and said gratefully, "I'm worried about what I'm wearing. Thank you, Dad."
	Vern returned to his room with a smile. Still, Melinda only poked her head out of the quilt, while rolling her eyes. Seeing the clothes in his hand, she hesitated and said, "if you are not clean enough, don't get close to my bed."
	She said it in a sloppy manner, allowing Jonas to sleep with her. Joyous, Jonas came close to the bed and imprinted a kiss on the forehead of Melinda.
	"I will be clean. As for you, aren't you sleepy?"
	Said Jonas. Melinda also felt a little uncomfortable, but she was very sleepy. She didn't want to go to the bathroom in a trance. And it was not very convenient to take a shower in this room.
	The difficult was too much for a pregnant women.
Chapter 242 Having Two Sugar Daddies
	After taking a bath, Jonas returned to the room. When he entered the room, he found that Melinda was asleep, but there was still half a bed sheet left for him. Touched, he carefully pulled back the quilt and held her in his arms.
	She had been waving her hands because of discomfort. Then she mumbled something, clutched his arm and fell asleep again.
	It was still early now, so Jonas didn't want to go to bed early. But when he saw Melinda beside him, he could smell her unique fragrance.
	This smell was warm in the eyes of Jonas.
	He could not help smiling and his eyes became softer.
	In the middle of the night, Melinda woke up. She was a little sweaty and sticky. As soon as she made any noise, he opened his eyes but couldn't see anything in the darkness. He turned on the bedside lamp.
	It seems that she felt uncomfortable. "I'm going to take a shower." she said to herself.
	By the time she was refreshed, Jonas was leaning against the head of the bed and reading documents. Feeling hungry, she said innocently, "I'm hungry."
	At home, she often prepare herself a bottle of milk, but there was no milk powder. It was really inconvenient for her to stay overnight.
	"What do you want to eat? I'll buy it for you."
	It occurred to him that the doctor had said that pregnant women were often woke up by being hungry at midnight, so there might be something special with the food they ate. But he must understand, because the blame made that she was like a child at that time.
	"Will it be troublesome?" Melinda said while twisting her fingers. It was so exhausting at midnight that she was distracted.
	"I want to eat candied haw berries."
	"You're not afraid of sour teeth, nor can you fill your stomach with it. It's just a snack." Jonas didn't refuse her. Since she was hungry, she would like some fruit food.
	After sugarcoated haws, she may want to eat more.
	Melinda said several types of foods, which were in different regions of A City. At this time, it was difficult to buy one of them.
	But, in the end, she added, "I think dad also has noodles. I'm going to cook noodles."
	Even so, she was still greedy for those delicious food.
	"Waiting for me."
	He left the bedroom and came back with a bag of snacks, which were what pregnant women could eat. He bought these snacks from the supermarket today and left them in the car.
	"You can eat these things first. And the other foods will come soon." Just now, in addition to taking some food, Jonas also asked some people such as Ted to buy everything for her as soon as possible. No matter what it would take, they must send it to here tonight.
	Melinda looked at those snacks in high spirits, and picked out something she was interested in. She said that they were for her stomach, but the more she ate, the more she liked them.
	Jonas seriously suspected that when those things were delivered, she couldn't eat any more.
	One hour later, Jonas's phone rang. He went out and opened the door, with some food in his hands.
	All of a sudden, she felt that Jonas was like a person that he could have anything you wanted.
	When she was full, she looked at the time and found that it was already two o'clock in the morning. She rubbed her full stomach and felt embarrassed.
	But when he saw that she ate so much, he was very happy. He wished that she had such an appetite every day.
	"You must be very tired if our baby continue to be so noisy at midnight." Jonas rested his head on her belly. He was surprised.
	"Of course not."
	Melinda smiled with happiness, but at the same time, she felt that the baby was going to be the scapegoat at such a young age.
	It was her who made the fuss. But Jonas just mentioned the baby.
	"You should go to bed. You have to work tomorrow." Said Jonas. He didn't understand why she insisted on working, but he respected her choice.
	Melinda nodded. It was quiet at the moment. She had a nice dream all night and. Her biological clock woke her up on time.
	The seat next to the bed was empty. When Melinda finished cleaning, she found that Jonas was preparing breakfast. Vern couldn't help but praise Jonas.
	It was not low-key for Jonas to drive her to work. His car was big and famous in the company, and soon people noticed it.
	In the following days, Jonas was addicted to this kind of life. He sent Melinda to and off work every day. How he wished the whole world knew that Melinda was his woman.
	No matter what she said, Jonas kept doing this.
	The gossips of the company had been popular again. Melinda didn't care about this, but it was inevitable to hear a lot.
	"Which car did he drive today?" A woman said while fixing her make-up in front of the mirror. At the beginning, they also thought the owners of these cars were different from other, and the owners of these cars were different. Finally they found out that it was the same person.
	"It has nothing to do with you. You can't afford it." Another woman taunted, while she was sipping her lipstick.
	The woman had delicate features. She was a rare beauty. She also had a sugar daddy, but he was much worse than Jonas.
	"Mr. Cheng is the only one who can afford this car in our company." The woman said with disdain. She thought that Melinda just found a sugar daddy too.
	They were both envious and jealous of Melinda.
	"It depends on her sugar daddy weather was rich enough or not."
	The two looked at each other and burst into laughter. "And she even has two sugar daddies at the same time."
	"She not only flirts with Mr. Cheng, but also plays with another."
	"Exactly."
	A women sneered and began to sort out her things. She touched her face unconsciously and thought, 'I'm not bad looking. Why am I not so lucky?'
	"Maybe men nowadays prefer such women like pretend to be innocent."
	Another person looked at her makeup with the mirror and nodded in agreement.
	They used to wearing makeup. Without makeup, they always felt that their faces looked bad. In other words, they didn't get used to being without makeup and even disliked their faces.
	In the past, Melinda had light make-up, but now, after pregnancy, she seldom came into contact with such things.
	"She's in her late 20s and always treats herself as a college student." She was now dressed in loose and casual clothes, coupled with comfortable flat shoes, with her hair mostly hanging down or being tied up. It seemed that a lot of people believe that she was a college student.
	"I really can't understand Mr. Cheng's taste. There are so many pretty girls in the company, but he fell in love with such a skittish woman."
	The two girls packed their things, and checked their make-up. When they were about to wash their hands and leave, the door of the compartment of the bathroom was opened. Melinda came out, looking at them coldly.
	They began to feel embarrassed. Melinda's eyes were clear and there was no trance of the usual.
	At the thought of this, they all felt that they had a dirty mind.
	She walked slowly to the two women and slowly washed her hands. Recently, she had become more and more delicate because of being pampered, which made the two women feel a little ashamed.
	"I have told you many times that Mr. Cheng and I are just ordinary friends. I hope you can clear up the terrible thoughts in your minds."
	She didn't sound hurried or flustered. She was just stating a fact that she found it unnecessary to explain for such them.
	She also knew that there were a lot of rumors in the company recently because Jonas drove her to work. But she didn't expect these people to say such bad words behind her.
	Thinking of this, Melinda was in a bad mood.
	"It's our guess. You and Mr. Cheng are just ordinary friends." One of them quickly responded and said with a faked smile.
	Said another woman "Yes, everyone knows."
	While speaking, they pushed each other and left the bathroom. When they went far, one of them spat.
	"Who do Melinda think she are? How can she talk to us in such a tone? We wouldn't have talked to her if she hadn't gone to Mr. Cheng and exposed us."
	"Yeah, it's not easy to find a better job now." The other woman said in a bad mood. After whispering for a while, the two women didn't notice Melinda at the corner.
	Melinda touched her belly and told herself to calm down. The baby would also feel upset if she got angry with them.
	At the thought of what they did, she was overwhelmed by rage. It turned out that they were not just friends.
	It turned out that behind the seemingly peaceful facade was the fear of power.
	After returning to the office, Melinda was still in a bad mood, a bit irritable, and the people in the Department did not dare to say anything.
	People knew what happened in the restroom from the two big mouthed women, but they didn't know whether Mr. Cheng knew it.
	It was another family drama.
	However, not only did Victor hear the rumor, he also heard the news that Melinda was in a bad mood and got angry with people in the Department.
	"The weather is not yet completely hot, why did you blow up first?" Victor poured a cup of drink for her.
	She took it over and put it aside coldly.
	"Mr. Cheng, what do you need?"
	She didn't want to hear people say anything bad about her. Therefore, being comforted by Victor, she only wanted to be alienated from him. She felt that she and Victor were not ordinary friends which is better.
	"Melinda, we are still friends now." Said Victor, touching his nose innocently. He felt like the fire was about to burn him. 
Chapter 243 Finding A Scapegoat
	"Mr. Cheng, please watch your mouth!"
	Melinda was not kidding at all. She thought that since they were in the company, she should keep a good relationship with her subordinate and get along with each other as friends outside the company.
	Maybe she could stop them from gossiping about her.
	"Don't pay attention to gossips in the company. If you get angry, you will get wrinkles."
	Victor's unremitting comfort to Melinda made the employees jealous of his gentleness. How can they said that they are ordinary friends?
	"Mr. Cheng, it's working time now. If you don't have anything important, please don't disturb my work. Thank you."
	Melinda showed a cold face to him, which made him look a little bit awkward. But finally he controlled himself.
	"Okay, I'm Not going to bother you, but you have to know that it's not worth to be angry with those big mouth women."
	He then left the Department quickly, but their relationship had once again become the gossip in the company.
	A topic 'Mr. Cheng's favorite woman, Melinda' appeared.
	She was down in mood because of this for the whole day. When Jonas came to pick her up in the evening, he felt something wrong with her.
	"What's wrong? Are you tired?" Recently, she had never been down in mood like this, which worried him a lot because the doctor had said that he should pay more attention to Melinda when she was like this.
	If she didn't get happy, it was easy for her to be depressed if she kept such a condition.
	"Nothing." Melinda didn't want to say more. She leaned against the back of the seat and thought in a daze. Out of options, Jonas assigned Ted another task.
	She was unhappy after she arrived at the company.
	In the Jiang family's house, Kent's mother showed a lot of photos of girls again, which happened a lot in her family recently.
	"This is Mrs. Wang's daughter. She graduated from B City two years ago and is going to find someone and marry him. She is a good girl and she works hard. The point is that she is a virgin."
	Janet said. In her eyes, Melinda was just a bad woman. No one could get rid of her.
	"You can arrange that."
	Kent said indifferently. He had seen a lot of girls these days, but he didn't pay attention to them.
	Janet looked worried, but she was persevering. As long as she was keeping doing it. Her son would Fall in love another girl and forget that woman sooner or later.
	"Okay. You can spend the afternoon time to meet this girl in a cafe near our community."
	Kent's mother said straightforwardly. Then she told Kent how to recognize that girl. Being absent-minded, Kent nodded and agreed.
	"Kent, forget that woman! You will never be together!" Janet said angrily.
	Kent used to be a good man. But now he lost interest in having blind dates. What's worse, he kept telling others that he had a woman he couldn't forget because his deep love for her.
	In the past two days, Kent's mother was often mentioned by someone who made comments on her. Because they said to girls that Kent was a good man.
	It turned out that Kent had a sweetheart but still having blind dates with girls. Wasn't it a slap on their face?
	"Mom, I know." Kent said impatiently and then went back to his bedroom. Kent's mother put the photos she carefully chosen on the tea table but Kent even didn't have a look at them.
	Kent had many blind dates in these days, but he knew clearly that he couldn't forget Melinda.
	Why would such a thing happen when he was about to be together with Linda.
	'Why can't I get what I want?'
	In just a week, Kent was haggard because of the torture. When he went back to the bedroom, the face Melinda appeared in his mind again.
	He found himself unable to bear this torture anymore.
	The screensaver of his mobile phone used to be a photo of Melinda, and there were also pictures of her in the photo album. But now everything was gone, and everything about Melinda was deleted by Kent's mother.
	It was as if she had never appeared in his life.
	But how could Kent forget Melinda and he dialed the familiar number.
	"Hello."
	When he heard the familiar voice, he had a feeling that he was alive for a moment. His voice was even a little choked. "Mellie."
	How long had they not been in touch? She could not remember. Now except feeling unexpected, she felt a little resistant.
	"Senior."
	After a long time, she calmed down and greeted Kent as if they were old friends, as if nothing happened before.
	"Honey, can you come out and see me?" Kent said. He was almost driven crazy by the thought of seeing her.
	But he couldn't let himself be willful. He was the only child in the family. He couldn't disappoint his mother.
	"Kent, I don't have time recently."
	She refused directly without thinking. Since she had decided not to meet him anymore, there was no need to meet.
	"Linda, I miss you so much." He was like a trapped beast and didn't know what to do.
	"Kent, we've decided not to contact each other anymore. Just let it be. Don't call me again." She hated the feeling of being entangled with each other.
	Therefore, since it was impossible for her to meet Kent, she would not meet him. Melinda still remembered what Janet had said.
	'You were not good enough for Kent.'
	"Honey, this is the last time we meet. Even if you don't want to have any contact with me any more, please don't ruin our relationship for so many years with regret."
	Kent was still unwilling to give up. He thought he and Melinda loved each other and he had never given up.
	On the one hand, he tried to avoid his mother with blind dates. On the other hand, he hoped to get his mother moved so that he could get opportunity to be with Melinda.
	She frowned as she sensed that Kent was unwilling to give up.
	"Okay."
	She had promised to meet Kent. Melinda was also planning to take this opportunity to make Kent completely give up her. From the moment when Kent's mother said that she had lost contact with Kent for several days, it meant that there was no chance for them to be together anymore.
	"Okay. How about today?" Kent became excited. A smile appeared on his face which hadn't been seen for a long time. His mother would be happy to see it, but if she knew that the smile was for the sake of Melinda, she would have a headache again.
	"Okay, I'm free this afternoon." Today was weekend and she spent the whole morning on reading at home. It was good to go out in the afternoon.
	When the weather got completely hot, going out was a nuisance.
	Soon, Kent forgot what his mother said. After telling the place to meet, he began to clean himself up.
	He had been decadent these days. He suddenly cleaned himself up and resumed his usual gentle demeanor. Mrs. Jiang was so excited to see him going out like this, tears almost fell from her eyes.
	His son had finally thought things through.
	"Come on, my son!" She said. Her son was handsome and excellent. Although he had been divorced once, he was still very popular.
	Kent's mother saw that he dressed well and thought he started to value this date.
	Kent smiled perfunctorily and did not say anything else. He did not have any free time except going on the blind dates and going to work these two days. Because his mother was strict with him.
	It wasn't easy for Melinda to go out. Since Jonas had a good habit of being a driver, he wanted to be the driver to escort her wherever she went. Today was weekend, he had to work overtime in his company, which made her easy to go out.
	In order to make him give up, Melinda decided to do something thoroughly.
	After thinking for a while, she found Victor's phone number.
	The place booked by Kent would always be liked by Melinda. In consideration of her pregnancy, they didn't book a coffee shop. Instead, they went a dessert shop in a girlish shop. The decoration was really pleasing.
	The seat he selected was a small compartment with the theme of princess. For Kent, Melinda was a princess.
	However, the man Melinda was talking to now by holding the arm of him, who was both smiling at Kent. The man was not a stranger to Kent who knew that the man was her boss called Victor.
	"Mr. Jiang, I've heard a lot about you." Victor greeted him politely and politely. They were in the same circle, and among them, Kent was a little famous. Although they hadn't officially known each other, they had heard of each other's names.
	"That's Kent. I told you he took good care of me. Kent, he is Victor. You may have heard about him."
	Said Melinda with smiles. It seemed she didn't told Kent that the real relationship between victor and her, but they talked in an intimate way. As long as Kent thought about it, he knew something was wrong.
	Kent's jealousy grew abruptly, but then calmed down. He looked at them coldly.
	He tried to find something from her eyes, but she only paid attention to Victor.
	Victor took the menu and asked Melinda carefully what she would eat. Melinda wanted to eat a lot of food, but she was stopped by him. They flirted with each other and looked very sweet.
	However Kent felt as if he were at the North Pole and cold.
	He couldn't blend in the atmosphere between the two of them, just like an outsider looking at the intimacy between Melinda and the other men.
	If the opponent was Jonas, Kent would feel a little better, but this person was Victor.
	Kent thought that she was like a person eager to find a scapegoat for the child in her womb. And finally she found Victor.
	All her beauty in his heart collapsed in an instant.
	Kent looked at them, embarrassed. Then he said, "I just remember that I have something to do. I have to go now."
	Kent got out of the shop as soon as he finished his words. When he was out of sight, the smile on Melinda's face disappeared. 
Chapter 244 Pregnant Women
	To make it more realistic, Melinda and Victor sat together. At this moment, after Kent left, Melinda turned around and took her seat opposite. Her expression was cold, which made people wonder if she was the petite woman just now.
	"You know what? Turning over your face is faster than turning a page."
	Seeing this, Victor could not help teasing her. He also said silently in his heart, 'It seemed that she is going to burn the bridge after crossing it.'
	She pushed him away as soon as she had used him up.
	Melinda was wearing an orange loose dress today, hiding her slightly bulging abdomen. However, before she did anything, she would subconsciously cover her abdomen.
	Hearing Victor's ridicule, Melinda could not help but chuckle. Without any make-up, her face looked even more beautiful and even much softer.
	"If I were to talk to my senior in this way, do you think he would leave now?"
	Melinda murmured, as if she was talking to herself, which made Victor believe that the answer would be yes. If Melinda had not acted intimacy to him just now, but now she had become estranged, Kent would not have run away.
	And it would be meaningless for him to come here today.
	Melinda had planned all of this.
	No matter what had happened to Kent, this man had given her a lot of help and warmth. Melinda hoped he could be happy.
	At least, she wouldn't delay his life.
	"Kent is different from what I thought," Victor said as he touching his chin. In his memory, Kent was a gentle and strong man. He wondered why he looked so terrible for a long time.
	Thinking of this, he looked at Melinda more meaningfully.
	Victor thought that there must be some reason behind this.
	"Senior, he... He is a person who seldom thinks for himself."
	Melinda remained silent for a long time before she finally spoke out her opinion. As far as she knew, Kent rarely lived for himself, so he had lived a very miserable life.
	She really hoped that Kent could be selfish for one time so that he could be happy.
	"What kind of person am I?" Hearing Melinda's judgment to Kent, Victor couldn't help but ask. "I don't care. As long as you are happy," Melinda added after some hesitation.
	"Ha-ha-ha..." Victor couldn't help laughing, which attracted the attention of many people around, but he didn't restrain himself at all. He answered the words of Melinda like this.
	There was a huge difference between Victor and Kent.
	"That's enough. To thank you for helping me today, let me treat you a meal," Melinda said helplessly, but she was still grateful.
	When Melinda proposed this, Victor agreed without hesitation. She was grateful to him.
	"I have something to deal with, so it's unnecessary to have a meal with you. Don't stay outside too long. Let me take you home." Victor was so carefree that Melinda almost forgot that it was her leader who was in charge of this department except for the time when she asked for leave.
	She nodded at him when she heard he would be busy. After all, it was more appropriate for him to be so busy like this.
	This was probably due to Kent, and Melinda had some thoughts, which made her look bad and her spirit a little worse. So she did not reject the proposal to go home.
	The housemaid should have prepared food for her.
	"Since you are busy, you can go first. I know the way home."
	As Melinda spoke, she stood up with her hands on the table. Some exaggerated moves scared Victor. He felt that Melinda was too weak to walk in a hard way.
	Victor had planned to hold her arm, but after a second thought, he pulled back his hand and touched his head.
	"It won't cost a lot of time to send you home,"
	Victor said that in a casual way, but Melinda still felt that it was a tough way. She did not waste her words. It was better to have a free driver.
	They had sat down for a long time and hadn't ordered anything, and they left directly, which attracted the waitress' attention frequently. They didn't seem to be short of money. Why did they leave after sitting down and drinking two glasses of water?
	No one gave her an answer to this question. Melinda walked to the door, but was stopped by Victor. "It's sunny outside. Wait for me here."
	The car was parked in the nearby parking lot, which was a little far away. Thinking of how miserable Melinda looked when she just stood up, Victor thought it would be better to let her wait.
	Melinda nodded. She looked up at the sunshine outside and felt scared.
	The car he was driving today was dark blue, and it reflected the bright and charming sunshine. This was just like Victor's flamboyant personality.
	However, Melinda looked at the sports car, hesitating.
	"Why do you look so weird?" Victor asked, and Melinda gave him a glare. But at last, she still said, "Drive slowly. I'm not feeling well with my stomach."
	Victor used to drive the same car to pick Melinda up once. The way he drove was always arrogant, with high speed and often sharp brake and sharp turn.
	Melinda felt that she could not stand such a torture, let alone the baby in her womb.
	"You have a stomachache? Shall we go to the hospital?" However, what Victor paid attention to was the uncomfortableness, which made Melinda feel warm in her heart.
	Victor always seemed to pay little attention to others, but actually he cared about people.
	"I will be better after having a rest at home. Remember to drive slowly." As Melinda spoke, she got on the car carefully, fastened her seat belt, and closed her eyes.
	Her long eyelashes cast a small shadow on her face.
	Victor glanced at Melinda with mixed feelings, started the car and drove the luxury sports car as the motorbike.
	"Are you tired?" Victor could tell that Melinda's fatigue was not physical, but mental. Did she get tired because of Kent?
	Maybe, Kent was important to Melinda.
	He was lost in his own thoughts, and it took him quite a while to hear the response from Melinda, who seemed to be sleepwalking, "Well, it's all right."
	Both of them were preoccupied with their own thoughts. At last, they all thought the word "love". It reminded Melinda of what had happened before she met with Kent. She opened her eyes and looked at Victor with a complex expression.
	The playful expression on his face was still the same, but there was much less playful smile.
	"Why are you looking at me like that? You make me feel sorry for myself," said Victor with a trace of disgust, after feeling a pang of disgust at the woman's weird look.
	Hearing this, Melinda laughed in silence. Her smile was very simple, with her eyes curving like a crescent moon. She was extremely infectious, and even Victor couldn't help but laugh out.
	"Thank you for today's helping," Melinda thanked him again in a serious manner. She could not utter such words that "if she might cause troubles to him".
	It seemed that Victor could read her mind, so he said, "I will accept your thanks. But if I have any trouble in the future, I will ask for your help. At that time, don't try to run away."
	Melinda breathed a sigh of relief and nodded hard.
	They didn't continue the topic. Melinda's home was not far away. It was only that there was a traffic jam in the peak hours and Victor lost his temper after being blocked. He even began to say that he hoped the restrict number was not the number of single and double, but only two numbers a day.
	"Don't you ever think about those people who are still in debt or riding on their motorbike?"
	Melinda could understand that Victor had some background. Generally, men loved cars. She had seen many of his cars before.
	But his cars were still much less than Jonas's.
	The garage of the Gu's mansion could be opened for a car show, but Jonas always drove several cars of them.
	"Motorbike is good. Look, we are just passed by them while being stuck here," said Victor, looking at the direction that Melinda pointed at. A man on his motorcycle was shuttling flexibly among a group of cars.
	"I think taking the eleventh bus is better," Melinda said in resignation. If talking about flexibility, walking on foot was still the most flexible way.
	It was very convenient to drive a car, because even though she drove a motorcycle, she had to endure it once there was a little wind and a little rain.
	While they were chatting in a desultory way, Victor stopped his car steadily at the downstairs of Melinda's home. He said with some resentment, "This car has been blocked for a long time. I want to get some water from your home, but I can't. I have to go now. Be careful."
	"Okay, bye."
	Melinda quickly got off the car and waved at him. Instead of staying there for a long time, Victor directly left, but his thoughts returned to that woman soon.
	When Melinda returned home, she had no appetite at all. She changed into comfortable clothes and fell asleep in bed. Now she was sluggish.
	The servant prepared some delicious food, but found that she had slept. When she woke up again, it was evening.
	When Melinda opened her eyes, she saw that Jonas was sitting on the bedside. The dim yellow light cast a shadow on him, which made him look gentler.
	Seeing Melinda was awake, Jonas put down the book in his hands and said with a little hoarse, "The servant told me that you hadn't had lunch. You've been sleeping until now. Are you uncomfortable?"
	He had been here for a while. He wanted to wake Melinda up directly, but he finally didn't have the heart to do so.
	The noisy reaction did not abate even till midnight, which made Melinda often couldn't sleep well.
	Thinking of the news from Ted, Jonas's eyes darkened again. He looked at Melinda in confusion, not knowing what he had done that made her angry again.
	She sat up from the bed and rested her head on the pillow. She touched her stomach and felt a little hungry.
	"Let's go to eat."
	Melinda looked at him with wet and bright eyes, so Jonas said stiffly, trying to restrain his anger.
	'My wife asked someone else to pretend to be her boyfriend, but I could not say anything about it. She is a pregnant woman, I have to shoulder the responsibility, ' Jonas thought.
Chapter 245 She Was Missing
	After Melinda filled her stomach, she vomited up again. Standing behind her, Jonas still didn't know what to do, and he was restraining his anger.
	"It seems that the baby is quite troublesome." Wearing a pale face, Melinda straightened up. In a hurry, Jonas walked up to her and held her arm, so that she could exert all her strength on him.
	"Okay, I'll teach him a lesson when he comes out,"
	Jonas said seriously. Thinking of how miserable this kid had been to Melinda during this period of time, he remembered a lot.
	Melinda thought he was joking, and even echoed with a smile, "Right, I will teach him a good lesson."
	It was hard and exhausting to have a baby in her womb, but Melinda felt happy. Every time she was uncomfortable, she felt the vitality of the baby in her womb strong and relieved.
	Jonas helped Melinda sit down on the sofa. The servant poured her a glass of hot water, and it was the right time for her to drink it.
	"Jonas."
	Leaning against the arms of Jonas, Melinda called his name with her eyes closed. She still had a stomachache. In the past, she usually slept soundly with her head off, but today she just got enough and couldn't fall asleep for a while.
	"What's wrong?"
	His tone was a little cold, as if he was at odds with her, but the care he showed could not be concealed, which made Jonas's expression a little entangled.
	He seemed to hate himself for lack of courage.
	Melinda had noticed that Jonas was in a bad mood, and now she realized that she had made him unhappy.
	'I didn't do anything that upsets him recently, did I?' Melinda thought to herself.
	"Are you in a bad mood?" Looking at Jonas, Melinda made a certain conclusion. He looked sullen, as if a storm was coming at any time.
	If someone else had seen it, they would definitely stay away from him. But this was not the case with Melinda. She had seen the worse expression on Jonas's face before. It was not a big deal.
	"Yes."
	said Jonas unhappily, and he even looked at Melinda with hidden bitterness in his eyes. Being stared at by him, Melinda felt guilty and almost sweat on her forehead.
	"Why?"
	A look of deep resentment appeared on Jonas's face. He gave a glimpse at Melinda, and then stood up from the sofa. With an anger look, he said, "Since you wanted to disappoint Kent and let him leave, why didn't you look for me? But asked Victor to pretend to be your boyfriend. Why couldn't I do that?"
	Jonas questioned her, and the smile on Melinda's face immediately disappeared. She lowered her head and didn't want to talk. In a fit of pique, Jonas could not vent his anger on Melinda, and finally left in a fret.
	Melinda remained in her original position, but there was a touch of bitterness in her smile. She knew that Kent would think she had a hidden trouble if she still entangled with Jonas. It might be the child in her belly or something else.
	But if it was Victor, it would be that whoever it was, now Melinda could be with anyone. The moving and deep love that she had promised to be together would also be a joke.
	The best solution was that Kent was disappointed in her.
	But Melinda also knew that what she did hurt Jonas. Thinking of the awkward look on his face just now, Melinda smiled more happily.
	Though angry as Jonas was, he still worried about Melinda's health. An hour later, Ted appeared at the door of Melinda's house, carrying some food that Melinda liked to eat.
	"Where is your boss?"
	Melinda craned her head out of the room and looked around. Since she did not see Jonas, she was undoubtedly a little disappointed. Ted thought he could finish the mission as long as he sent the food here, but when the boss' wife asked about the boss, he didn't know what to say.
	"Boss is busy with his work in the company. He has many things to deal with recently." In the end, Ted thought that it would be a safer answer. In fact, he didn't know where the boss was either. He just started to work after getting the call.
	Melinda nodded and said in a fully understanding way, "He is busy with the business in the company. It's troublesome to have him to come here. Tell your boss I don't need him to come here."
	Hearing that, the color drained from Ted's face. Her eyes had changed. He couldn't help but think that if he ever dared to regard the boss's wife as a sheep again, he would be a real fool.
	"Madam, when he sees the woman he loves, all his fatigue will disappear. My boss likes to stay with you."
	At this time, Ted's desire for life had reached a peak. Originally, Melinda just made a joke with him. But now, hearing what he said, she felt a little embarrassed.
	"Are people around Jonas all smooth-tongued like you?" Melinda murmured to herself, which made Ted's forehead full of cold sweat again.
	He felt that his lifelong desire to survive was spending on boss's wife.
	"No. Our boss is serious and strict with us. He is a good leader."
	"He is so heartless," Melinda whispered. Even though Ted was on the verge of crying, he tried to keep calm. "Since our boss has offered his tenderness all to his wife, it doesn't matter if he will be strict with us,"
	he said righteously. Hearing his words, Melinda giggled, feeling that the people around Jonas were so funny.
	At this moment, Ted realized that she was just joking with him. He wiped off the sweat on his forehead and gave a simple smile.
	"You can go back first. Don't worry. I won't talk to your boss about this." Melinda blinked her eyes and Ted fled as fast as he could.
	Although Mrs. Melinda was gentle, it was harder to deal with her than Mr. Jonas. She was the apple of boss's eye.
	After Ted left, the smile on Melinda's face faded a lot, but her heart was not as heavy as just now.
	It was impossible for Jonas to do everything well for her while dealing with the business in the company. For this matter, Melinda had ignored Jonas's feelings. She knew very well that Jonas was angry with her, so even if she cared about him, she was unwilling to appear.
	She was thinking in her mind, if Jonas appeared in three days, she... At the worst, she apologized.
	It didn't matter.
	Thinking of this, Melinda could not help but feel worried. On the first day, Jonas did not show up, but he still asked Ted to send food and his care to her. The next day, Jonas still did not show up. Melinda began to be a little irritable. She deliberately said some angry words to let Ted pass to Jonas.
	On the third day, Melinda got up early and went out. When the servant went to the next room, she was almost scared to pass out when she found that Melinda was not at home.
	She ran to the flower bed downstairs and the nearby park, but didn't see her. When she made the call, she found that Melinda didn't even take her mobile phone with her. Thinking of the unusual situation of Melinda in the past two days, the servant was completely panicked.
	Almost trembling, she dialed Jonas's number. Her throat was so dry that she didn't know how to speak. Finally she said in a voice as if she had been crushed, "Young master, young lady is missing."
	Jonas stood up in a second, feeling dizzy, as if she couldn't talk. He closed his eyes in pain.
	"What happened?" When he opened his eyes again, the pain in his heart seemed to have disappeared. He was still as calm as before.
	He was just a little angry and wanted to get some care from Melinda. However, he did not expect that she would leave.
	The servant told him what had happened in the morning. Hearing this, Jonas felt something wrong. The elevator had just arrived at the first floor, and there seemed to be a conflict at the front desk.
	He was in no mood to solve that problem at the moment. Suddenly, a yellow figure ran towards him. Melinda pulled Jonas into her arms and complained, "Why do you come downstairs so late?"
	"Linda?" Jonas shouted in disbelief, his heart filled with delight. The earlier scare was not over, but now it was full of surprise.
	Melinda felt wronged too. Since Jonas did not come to her, she just wanted to meet him. But she had forgotten to bring her mobile phone with her. In addition, she was stopped by the receptionist.
	Melinda looked at him with an aggrieved and pale face, she pressed her belly with one hand and showed a painful look. At the thought of her health, Jonas turned pale with fear.
	"Linda, don't be afraid. We are going to the hospital now." He hugged Melinda tightly, which shocked the people around him, especially the receptionist. Being glanced by Jonas, she immediately sat on the ground with her legs weak.
	"I'm fine. I'm just a little hungry." Seeing that Jonas was so worried that there was cold sweat on his forehead, Melinda pulled up her sleeve and wiped it off for him. Then she comforted him with a smile.
	Jonas looked at her with doubt. Melinda felt warm in her heart and couldn't help winking to him. He seemed to care about her a lot.
	"Why did you run out alone without your phone? Do you know it would make me worry?" After confirming that Melinda was all right, Jonas began to settle accounts with her later. Feeling guilty, Melinda lowered her head. Then she seemed to think of something and pulled the sleeve of Jonas.
	"Let's go to my father's home."
	He was going to take Melinda to have breakfast. The normal working time in the company began at nine o'clock. He was really busy these two days. He had stayed in the company for two consecutive days.
	It was about 8 o'clock now.
	Hearing what Melinda said, Jonas had no doubt about it. He drove to Vern's house with Melinda.
	Vern was not surprised to see them. Instead, he asked, "What took you so long?"
	He had thought that the two of them were very angry with each other. But now it seemed that nothing serious happened. As a matter of fact, Jonas spoiled Mellie so much.
	"Dad," Jonas greeted while Melinda ran to the kitchen merrily. Seeing the breakfast on the table, she muttered, "I'm glad it's not cold."
	"She came here early in the morning with a lot of things and said that she wanted to make breakfast for you. Let's go to the dining room." Vern's words surprised Jonas, and when he saw the table, he was even more surprised.
	But later, her heart ached. With so many things on the table, Linda had to cook for a long time.
	She sat there happily and looked at him with bright eyes, which made Jonas's heart beat faster.
Chapter 246 Running After Flirting With Me
	"Did you prepare all these?"
	"Although the dishes are not as delicate as those in a five-star hotel, they are very tempting. So, I still can't believe it.".
	In Jonas's eyes, any dish made by her would be the most delicious in the world.
	"Yes, you are right."
	Melinda was very proud. She felt that she was a good wife and a good mother. She was full of pride to have prepared so much in the morning.
	Although she had suffered a lot while preparing those stuff.
	Vern didn't want to disturb their harmonious atmosphere, so he went downstairs without saying anything. He thought he'd better enjoy his daughter's breakfast for the next time.
	"I have also prepared lunch materials for you. Remember to come here for lunch later. No matter how busy you are, you have to come."
	Said Melinda. He was amused at the same time. Thinking of the terror that the servant had just called, he sighed in his heart.
	Seeing she was so excited that he forgot to tell the servant that he found her.
	After hanging up the phone, Jonas came back to the dining room. Sitting at the dining table, Melinda was busy cooking. Although her lower abdomen wasn't very obvious, she still worried him.
	"Just sit here."
	With that, she sat down. Due to her pregnancy reaction, she always ate light food. What she liked most were plain rice porridge and pickles.
	The rest were prepared by Jonas.
	A man's appetite would be bigger, and since Jonas was so busy every day, he must eat more. This was what Melinda thought.
	"Does it taste good?" Melinda looked at Jonas expectantly and waited for his answer, and Jonas nodded without saying anything.
	She could still feel that he was a little angry, and suddenly became flustered, not knowing what to do.
	"I can cook for you every day as long as you are not angry." Thinking of getting up so early every day, Melinda felt a little bit painful, but it was enough as long as Jonas didn't get angry.
	After saying that, she yawned a little sleepily. Seeing that, Jonas felt sorry for her. In this moment, all his anger was disappeared.
	"Silly girl." When he said, he was not alone sitting at the table for breakfast. Instead, he was taking care of Melinda. Seeing this, her smile grew brighter.
	"Jonas, Victor and I are just superior and subordinate." She felt that it was necessary to explain that. She was very experienced with mental block.
	"What?" Perplexed, Jonas asked. He was a little taken aback by her sudden explanation.
	His attitude, however, made her feel that he was still angry, so she explained hastily, "Victor still loves his ex-wife. He just helped me this time. Don't misunderstand that."
	She saw the expression on Jonas' face and recalled what had happened in the restaurant the other day.
	That was before she saw Kent.
	It was very stressful to be close to Victor, so both of them had to adapt themselves to it in advance. They even cooperated with each other over and over again as if they were filming.
	And Kent just saw the intimate scene of them, but he didn't know how embarrassed they were before.
	It was also at this time that she met the ex-wife of Victor.
	When she was talking with Victor, but he didn't respond for a long time. She turned around and saw him staring blankly at the door.
	"What are you doing?" Melinda asked Victor. "What's the matter?" Then Melinda saw a lady came in.
	She was dressed in a white business suit, with her hair curled slightly. Her makeup was quite domineering. At a glance, Melinda was told that she must be a strong woman.
	She noticed the two Melinda and Victor. She fell silent for a moment, but then remained calm. She went up to them and gently greeted them, then Melinda knew her identity.
	"Long time no see."
	"Long time no see." He was so tense that his face turned pale.
	The woman turned her head and looked at Melinda suspiciously. Melinda didn't like the way she looked at her, so Melinda straightened her back.
	Melinda's reaction amused the woman.
	"This is your new sweetheart? She is cute. " Said the woman, with a hint of mockery in her tone. Hearing that, Melinda's face turned pale. She wanted to say something but was stopped by Victor.
	"It's better to find a cute girl."
	That woman did not pay any attention to Melinda anymore after Victor finished his words. And she just looked at him and tidied his tie for Victor naturally. With a gentle smile on her face, she looked like a tender wife.
	But Victor knew, this woman was no longer his wife.
	"She just can't take care of you." She said, looking at Victor. He looked a little complicated, and then continued to talk about his career.
	Victor could have ignored these things, but when he faced the women in front of him, he honestly told them all.
	He clearly placed himself in front of this woman.
	In front of her, Victor looked completely different. He spoke with a trace of timidity, as if he was afraid that the person in front of him would be angry.
	"I have an appointment. See you next time." The woman said and left. A light and strong perfume smell came to the Melinda, making Melinda cover her nose uncomfortably.
	Meanwhile, Melinda saw Victor who was lost in thought.
	Hearing the conversation between the two people, Melinda had a general idea of the woman's identity. She asked casually as if she was an ordinary friend, "Is this your ex-wife?"
	She was a little different from what Melinda had thought, but it was clear that she was a strong minded lady who pursued perfection.
	It seemed that Victor, who was once abandoned by her, made sense in a short time.
	"Yes." He looked at his ex-wife's back, seeming lost in thought.
	"You are still loving her."
	Her tone sounded like she was asking him, or herself, with a wry smile on her face.
	Victor didn't answer. The familiar appearance made Melinda realize that she had same feeling with him. Yes, she still loved Jonas.
	It was true that in a relationship, the one who was deeply in love would never be able to get out, no matter how much she had suffered.
	"I'm not interested in knowing Victor." Seeing that Melinda was lost in her own thoughts, Jonas was unhappy, but he was happy that she was willing to explain to him. Did this mean that he had become very important in her heart?
	"I know you are not interested in his things. I just hope you not to be angry."
	She smiled and put a shrimp dumpling into Jonas's bowl. She made this dumpling with a delicious fragrance.
	It felt like she was bragging about herself.
	"I'm not angry at all. You don't have to explain this." Said Jonas, who was very pleased in his heart. It would be more perfect if she could say something pleasant to hear.
	"Even if you are angry, you still pretend to be generous. If I don't explain to you, you can sulk yourself."
	She said with a smile. Jonas, had been so angry, but he still said he was not angry. This man really made Melinda felt helpless.
	At the same time, Melinda was also a little suspicious. Why did he not feel curious when she said that woman was Victor's ex-wife?
	Did he know that Victor had been divorced?
	Moreover, since she was misunderstood to be with Victor, Jonas didn't say anything, interrupted her words or anything else, but calmly listened to her finish.
	Everything was unusual.
	Jonas, as a supervisor, seemed to know everything.
	"Am I a petty person in your heart?" Jonas squinted at her. She shrank her head and suddenly became weak, shaking her head like a rattle drum.
	"No. everyone knows that you are the most generous."
	Many flattering words came out of Melinda's mouth. Finally, Jonas could not hold his cold face any longer and burst into laughter.
	When he smiled, Melinda felt that the ice and snow had just melted, pure and amazing.
	Melinda looked at him for a long time, utterly bewildered. However, he thought there was something on his face and looked at her suspiciously, "Is there anything on my face?"
	"Yes." Melinda nodded very seriously, but her eyes were bright. When Jonas continued to explore what was in his face, she held his face and kissed his cheek.
	"There is kissed of mine."
	Said Melinda. The sudden local whispers and flirting caught him off guard. The dull expression on his face, the happier she smiled.
	'Why is she so adorable?' Jonas thought, her hands fumbled on his cheeks evilly and then she felt the changes in his eyes.
	She hurried to pull her hand back, but was stopped by Jonas. There was a dangerous glint in his eyes, but it was so unexpectedly that she was almost intoxicated in his affection.
	"Do you want to run after flirting with me? "How 'bad' you are!" As he spoke, he left a deep kiss on her lip.
	Melinda felt dizzy.
	After the kiss, she sprawled her body on Jonas's. she warned herself to behave herself in the future.
	If it weren't for the baby in his womb, Melinda couldn't imagine what a crazy thing he would do.
	But she had to admit for what she had just done.
	It was said that pregnant women were more sensitive in this respect, and more eager to have sex. Now she completely believed it. She didn't even have the slightest feeling of shame when she had that feeling.
	She just wanted to be loved dearly by Jonas. 
Chapter 247 Unconditionally Trust
	Knowing that Melinda was still preparing lunch, Jonas did not go to the company directly but stayed at Vern's home to accompany her. The lunch was prepared together by the two.
	Although Jonas only learned several dishes, he was good at cutting.
	Since they had a clear division of work, Jonas thought it was a rare opportunity. After discussion with Vern, he invited Nelson for dinner.
	When Nelson saw that the two of them got along well with each other, he was very happy. When he had dinner, he acted like a gourmet and judged each dish highly.
	It seemed that Melinda and Jonas had been closer after the cook. Victor was not in the mood to care about the business of the company, and as a result, the staff of the company finally relaxed.
	Work was too little for Melinda, which made her feel that she was on a paid vacation.
	The baby in the womb finally passed the troublesome period. Melinda had a better appetite recently. She ate much more, and she was more plump and energetic.
	Such a peaceful life made Melinda feel happy.
	But her calmness was doomed to be destroyed. As the child grew up, Melinda began to go shopping in maternal and infant shops like many mothers.
	On weekends, she went to the shopping mall nearby her house. Sometimes, her servant would accompany her, and sometimes, she would be alone.
	Today, Melinda sneaked out alone.
	Wandering in the maternal and infant store, Melinda liked children's clothes the most. They were so small that she thought they were amazing.
	She paid attention on comfort particularly about how to dress herself. However, when choosing her child's clothes, she would see a variety of things, such as design, materials, and even a small pattern, which would make her hesitate for quite a while.
	Outside the maternal and infant store, Emily was looking at Melinda through the transparent glass window, her eyes full of jealousy.
	Why could Melinda have all this, while she could only be in a dark corner like a rat crossing the street?
	She wanted Melinda to experience the feeling of falling from heaven to hell. Emily thought maliciously and followed her with malicious eyes. Melinda selected a lot of things and walked out from the maternal and infant store.
	It was at this time that Emily came back to her senses. Her purpose of today's visit was to find Melinda.
	She quickly ran to Melinda and shouted, "Melinda, wait for a moment."
	At first, Melinda thought she had misheard, but when she looked back, she saw Emily running in a hurry. Subconsciously, Melinda protected her stomach and hid aside.
	Melinda's guard against Emily was very strong.
	"Let's find a place to sit?" Emily looked at Melinda, pretending to be relaxed, and her eyes fell on the abdomen of her, which began to emerge.
	Melinda wore a white T-shirt today and didn't cover her belly deliberately.
	"If you have anything to say, just say it. I don't have time to waste with you here."
	Melinda did not show a kind attitude to Emily. At the same time, in the crowded shopping mall, people looked at them curiously from time to time.
	Emily wasn't surprised at all about Melinda's refusal, and she had even expected this to happen.
	"We'd better find a place to sit. You are pregnant now, aren't you?"
	The smile on Emily's face made Melinda feel sick. She held her stomach tightly and looked around, then she said calmly, "Let's go to the coffee shop upstairs."
	As people came and went, Emily didn't dare to do anything here. Melinda told herself like this and she was careful not to leave her back to Emily.
	Emily shrugged and took the lead to go to the coffee shop, followed by Melinda. They ordered nothing but sat down.
	"I heard that you had pretended to have an affair with Victor in order to get rid of Kent." As soon as she sat down, Emily said maliciously. It was a very simple thing, but in her eyes, it was like Melinda was a fickle woman.
	Suddenly, Melinda laughed out angrily. Before she took her seat, she felt there was nothing to say between her and Emily.
	"If you come to me just to tell me these things, then you may be disappointed,"
	Melinda said. She didn't care about the mocking remarks of Emily at all, but pregnant women were easy to have mood swings. Melinda had to admit that she was still a little angry.
	"I come to you for telling you something you don't know," said Emily, full of confidence. Looking at the impatient eyes of Melinda, she said slowly, "If I'm not wrong, the ex-wife of Victor was also there that day."
	Melinda's face turned solemn. She had a feeling that Emily was investigating her. Then Emily looked at her with mockery.
	"Do you really think that there is such a coincidence in the world? Kent asked you out for dinner and you took Victor and met his ex-wife?"
	Melinda didn't find anything strange at first, but she felt something unusual after listening to what Emily said.
	First of all, according to her understanding of Victor's ex-wife, that restaurant did not look like a place she would go at all.
	Besides, there were two doors in the restaurant. Coincidentally, she passed by their table. At that time, they were in a small compartment.
	She wouldn't have noticed them if she didn't observe it carefully. Or, of course, she could tell that because Victor's eyes were too hot.
	"So what? Are you here to tell me this?"
	Melinda didn't think that Emily was so idle to tell her these things. Emily did not want to do this, either. What she wanted to say next was the key point.
	"It's Jonas who asked Victor's ex-wife to go to that restaurant. He wanted to ruin your date," said Emily, smugly looking at Melinda, waiting for her response.
	But she was doomed to be disappointed.
	Hearing this, Melinda was a little surprised and angry, but soon she calmed down.
	"Oh, that's all you want to say?" Melinda made herself pretend to be calm and her face did not change, but she looked at Emily more indifferently.
	She had gone through so much, it would be terrible if she was still as weak as before.
	"It was all arranged by Jonas. He didn't want to see you break up with Kent at all. He only loves the baby in your belly, not you," Emily shouted at Melinda loudly, fearing that she would not listen to her.
	The coffee shop was not quiet, but it was not noisy. The sudden shout of Emily drew many people's attention.
	The slightly bulging belly of Melinda showed obviously that she was with a child.
	Many people looked at her with sympathy. Obviously, they thought Emily was a mistress. In fact, if these people looked at her more carefully, they would know that it was Emily.
	However, to create an atmosphere, no one noticed her identity because of the dim light.
	Melinda placed her hands on her lower abdomen, and felt a sharp pain in her abdomen, as if her heart was tightly gripped by someone.
	She had suspected it before, but it was the first time that someone said that out loud in front of her.
	But it was Emily. So no matter what the truth was, Melinda would not show any cowardice.
	"The baby in my belly?" She touched her belly gently and smiled so innocently.
	"But I'm the only one who is pregnant with his baby. I'm the only one who can be counted as his wife." Looking at Melinda's harmless face and hearing gentle words, Emily almost went mad.
	She began to get impatient and hurt everyone who tried to hurt her.
	"You are just comforting yourself," Emily said angrily. Instead of making Melinda angry, she made herself feel even more uncomfortable.
	"You don't have to tell me what Jonas has done. Besides, I know Jonas well, and he is not that sort of person," Melinda said calmly. She showed it to Emily that she believed in Jonas completely.
	But she began to worry. Melinda even prayed in her heart that Jonas wouldn't disappoint her again.
	"Jonas is not that kind of person? Oh, Melinda, you are so funny. Do you really know Jonas well? Do you really know what kind of person he is?"
	Emily sneered, and the sound almost made Melinda fall down.
	In the heart of Emily, Jonas was a demon, a demon without any emotion. Everything he had was his will, and such a person would not fall in love with anyone.
	However, this demon gave his heart to a woman who knew nothing about him, Melinda.
	"I don't care what kind of person he is. It's fine as long as he is nice to me and our baby." Melinda's face was full of happiness. Her words were gentle, but full of momentum.
	No matter what Emily said on the other side, Melinda only smiled and told her happily that she trusted Jonas unconditionally.
	Also, she told Emily that she was in a good relationship with Jonas now.
	Emily did not expect that Melinda would be like this. She repeated a few words, and even herself was tired of saying it, but Melinda suddenly became strong at this time.
	"If you still want to sow dissension among us, I don't mind telling this to Jonas. You know I'm pregnant now and it's not a good time to worry about things. I'll let him handle it,"
	Melinda said that calmly, but Emily was shocked. Thinking of what Jonas might do, she stood up from her seat. With a complicated look, she left the coffee shop.
	She looked embarrassed with her steps and demeanor.
	At this time, Melinda slowly relaxed her body on the seat, caressing the belly, gentle with a hint of helplessness.
	"Babe, why is your father so childish?"
	All of a sudden, Melinda thought of the weird feeling she had experienced that day. It turned out that she was right. Jonas knew all about that, or it was exactly Jonas who had arranged all this.
	No wonder that when she explained to him that day, he was not only happy, but also seemed to be a little proud.
	'Jonas, don't be so self-satisfied, ' she thought.
Chapter 248 Love And Moved
	She had been cursing him all the way home. But thinking of what he had done and worrying about losing her, she couldn't help but feel warm in her heart again.
	Today, she had bought a lot of things. In the past, when she was in a good mood, she would buy something for him, but today, she didn't even have anything for him to eat.
	The maid had prepared the dinner. Seeing that Melinda had bought a lot of things, she went to clean the guest room on the side.
	The guest room would become a small baby room soon, but according to the aunt, Nelson had built a larger baby room with a lot of decorations.
	"My lady, you should have a rest now. You must be very tired after walking for a long time." Melinda kept striking her shins with her fingers. Since her belly had become bigger, she should be more careful with her movements, which would make herself more tired.
	She seldom went shopping, so going shopping like this was a little bit suffering for her.
	The maid was about to have a massage for her, but at this moment, the doorbell rang. With a cold face, Jonas walked into the room, but with a smile on his face as if he was doing magic.
	Seeing what Melinda was doing, he went to her very consciously. When he sat down on the sofa in a tall and strong figure, Melinda suddenly felt that the sofa sank a lot.
	He put her foot on his lap and skillfully began to massage it.
	He learned from his mother that pregnant women would get cramps in their legs at midnight if they waited for too long for their body to swell, so he went to see many video clips.
	While Melinda enjoyed closing her eyes, she suddenly thought of something. She looked straight at Jonas with her big eyes, which made him feel a little guilty.
	"Jonas, did you arrange the appearance of Victor's ex-wife in last time?" Asked Melinda. Looking down at Melinda, she found him do the things he used to disdain most.
	It was really a happy thing to be loved and doted by a person like Jonas, but many things also made Melinda feel annoyed.
	He could be mature and steady, but sometimes he was also childish and would make people angry.
	"It was all my fault. I know what I did was wrong, but I just don't want you to be so close to him."
	He was a little depressed. But he quickly admitted his mistake and spoke out his uncomfortable feeling.
	"Are you mad at me?" Finally, he looked up at her with a complex expression, unwillingness and a little worry.
	A man with a cold face all the year round suddenly showed such a funny expression, which surprised Melinda.
	In the past, he would have focused on how she knew of that. But now he was wondering how to make her not angry.
	"Linda, you can talk to me in the future if you have anything. I'm better than him." Seeing that Melinda didn't answer him and had been looking at him with a faint smile, he felt a little guilty.
	Hearing his self praise, she felt that he was more like a kid.
	But when she thought it was all because of her, she fell moved again.
	She pushed his arm and removed her foot from his leg cautiously. Jonas grasped her arm nervously.
	"Have you noticed that sometimes you can be as childish as a child?" She had intended to get up, but Jonny grabbed her by the arm and forced her to sit on the sofa.
	Even if they were sitting there, she still needed to look up to see Jonas.
	Jonas's attractive eyebrows were as deep as an obsidian. No one could get out of him under such gaze.
	He had a very high and straight nose. Although it was not like that of European people. Instead, it was just a piece of work that God was satisfied.
	She winked her eyes to sober herself up and almost fell into the melancholy eyes of Jonas.
	Hearing that he was childish, he was not convinced, but thinking of what he had done during this period, he noticed that he was really a little bit childish.
	He touched his nose, which was the gesture he would do when faced with the embarrassment of his loved ones. As a lady who best knew Jonas, she realized that he knew his mistake in an instant.
	"I'm sorry."
	Without much hesitation, Jonas began to apologize. He told himself that it was no big deal to be a coward in front of his wife, and that he should make a right example to his unborn baby.
	"Don't act like a child anymore." As she spoke, she looked at her arm that was tightly gripped by Jonas. Understanding her intention, Jonas quickly loosened his grip, leaving a light red mark on it.
	Obviously, he had put a lot of effort in it. And also, it could be seen how scared he was.
	As her hand was free, she touched her belly subconsciously with a smile on her face.
	Melinda didn't know what the character her baby would be like, so after thinking for a while, she thought that he look like both of them that was the best.
	They were totally different in many ways. People would be extremely tired if they went to extremes. She didn't want the baby in her womb to suffer like them.
	"I'm hungry." The maid was looking at the direction of the kitchen. She wanted to speak but stopped on a second thought, and Melinda knew what was going on.
	As soon as she said it, Jonas quickly stood up from the sofa and gently helped Melinda get up. They walked into the restaurant, smiling.
	The aunt was taking care of the two people to have dinner. Recently, Melinda had a good appetite and was able to eat a lot, which comforted Jonas down a lot.
	He was a little worried that she would throw up when she ate something.
	Even so, Jonas didn't eat very well. He looked at Melinda several times and saw that she kept smiling and was in a good mood. What had been in his heart was about to say out.
	"You have no appetite to eat with me?" Seeing that Jonas didn't eat much, she couldn't help teasing him. But she withdrew her smile. The serious look on her face frightened Jonas.
	"No, I didn't." Fearing that she might misunderstand him, he swallowed two mouthfuls of food in a hurry. Seeing his look, she could not help but burst into laughter.
	Not knowing what to say, Jonas realized that he was being teased.
	But when he remembered what was in his heart, he couldn't force a smile at the corners of his mouth. Melinda wasn't that kind of person who was careless. And he also noticed the abnormal expression of Jonas.
	She stared at him for several times. He frowned and looked very worried. When his hair fell on his forehead, she could also feel a tight look, not to mention his thin lips.
	"Are you in a bad mood?"
	'Did I say something wrong?' she wondered.
	"How are you feeling now?" Jonas asked hesitantly.
	Hearing that, Melinda squinted her eyes and looked at Jonas with some dangerous sight. She had seen a lot of love stories in recent days. Generally speaking, when a man asked something like this, he meant that he had something to say.
	It must be something unpleasant if he asked whether she was in a good mood.
	"Just so so."
	She said, squinting at Jonas. If he didn't mention it today, then there would be a deal to be settled even if she was in a good mood now.
	"There is one thing that upsets me. I want to know why you were with Kent."
	'Is it because you like him?' Jonas didn't dare to ask this question because he was afraid of hearing the answer. However, before he got the answer from Melinda, he had a mixed guess and was very pessimistic.
	He was losing confidence in his relationship with her.
	She hadn't expected that the question that had been suppressing for a long time by Jonas was a bit unexpected and confused.
	She felt a little confused thinking of the past. She had totally forgotten what had happened in the past.
	She thought carefully. Jonas felt frightened as if he was sitting on a roller coaster. The hesitation on the two sides of Melinda's made Jonas nervous.
	He tried his best to control himself and wouldn't do anything radical later.
	It didn't take her a long time to figure it out. But it seemed to have been a century for Jonas.
	Jonas wondered if she still liked Kent, since she was thinking seriously.
	His eyes became cold in an instant. He recalled that every time Melinda was with him, there were many external factors. And for Kent, she insisted it, even if Kent's mother did not support.
	"At that time, probably because I was at a loss."
	Melinda replied slowly after thinking for a while. It was not until then that she found that the face of Jonas looked really bad and morbid pale.
	There was a touch of suspicion in her eyes. Was she really so important to him?
	So he cared about it so much.
	Her answer did not satisfy Jonas at all and he thought it was perfunctory.
	On the other hand, Melinda thought that she was really confused during that period of time. She had no idea about what would happen in the future. What was more, it happened at that time that Kent had done something that deeply touched her.
	She thought that in order to save her father, this man could sacrifice his own life and he must be good to her and her baby.
	A woman had been hurt by love. At that time, what she pursued was not love, but peace.
	"It can be said that I failed to distinguish love from emotion. Maybe there was a moment that moved me, but that was only a touch that make me moved. That was not love."
	Mo Lian said with a smile, while her eyes were a little moist. She turned her head and found the man next to her looking at her in shock and even a little delight.
	She thought love was really a magic thing. Kent had done so much for her. She could have kinship and friendship with him, but there was no love. 
Chapter 249 Secret Love
	As long as one was alive, he or she would have many passersby. Kent was definitely an important part in Melinda's life even though he was just a passerby now.
	"You don't like him, do you?" Jonas grabbed Melinda's arm and trembled with excitement. It was a sudden feeling of happiness.
	"Yes,"
	Melinda said firmly. She was no longer confused, so she could clearly see her heart. However, she also felt that there was a kind of feeling, which had nothing to do with love.
	Probably that was how Kent was to her. He was important to her, but he was not necessary to her. As this time, Melinda could turn away arrogantly when facing Janet's abuse.
	But all of this had happened to her when facing Queena in the past, and she bore it down without saying a word.
	Her simple answer made Jonas act like a child happily. Unable to suppress his inner joy, he held Melinda up and spun around in the same place.
	"Linda, I'm so happy," Jonas exclaimed. Frightened by his sudden movement, Melinda closed her eyes and wrapped her arms around his neck tightly. A smile appeared on her face.
	"Stop it, Jonas! The baby!" Such simple happiness made Melinda a little absent-minded, but then thinking of the baby in her belly, she quickly reminded Jonas.
	Hearing this, Jonas stopped and looked at Melinda anxiously. He was so excited that he forgot about the baby all of a sudden.
	Thus, it showed that baby was really an accident.
	"It's okay. Go downstairs for a walk with me." Gently touching her lower abdomen, Melinda looked up and couldn't help laughing when she saw the look on Jonas's face.
	After this conversation, the two people became more intimate.
	Now, Melinda couldn't hide her body, so she just stayed at home and went to the company when she had something to do. Queena was very diligent these days, and went to Melinda's house every day.
	"Auntie Yao, you really don't have to buy so many things." Seeing that Queena always bought gifts, Melinda said reluctantly. The places where these things were piled up were not enough.
	The servant didn't know what to do when she saw these foods. Melinda had a small appetite and she couldn't eat these tonics every day. The best choice was to eat healthy food.
	"I don't think so. These are not enough," Queena said. If it weren't for Jonas's interruption in home, there would have been more than that.
	Queena now had a kind of intention of compensation for Melinda, after all, she had been very hard on Melinda before.
	"Please make a cup of green tea for Auntie Yao."
	The servant took over the things and poured a cup of tea for Queena. Queena's eyes fell straight on the belly of Melinda, where there was a baby growing.
	Perhaps it was because her eyes were so fiery that it was difficult for Melinda to ignore them. She began to talk with Queena about the last routine pregnancy check-up.
	"Did Jonas go with you?" Queena asked in concern. When she heard Melinda mention the baby, she couldn't stop smiling. At the same time, she was also concerned about the progress of the relationship between the two.
	"Yes,"
	Melinda said with a happy smile. She could feel that Jonas slowly became better. Now he would think of her all the time. Besides, he would always be free no matter how busy he was during the antenatal check. He listened more carefully than Melinda to what the doctor told him to.
	Melinda couldn't help but smile when she thought of all kinds of strange questions he asked the doctor.
	"Oh, this kid finally grew up now." Queena was also gratified when she heard that, and said a lot of things needing attention in pregnancy to Melinda.
	"Mellie, now you know what's on Jonas's mind. Don't you want to go back to the Gu's mansion?" Queena changed the subject and asked the question that Melinda deliberately avoided.
	In the past, she just thought that if she went back, she would be a joke because she knew that Jonas liked Emily. Besides, it was because she aborted in that house once.
	The desperation of separation from the baby gave Melinda a shudder at the thought.
	Her hand subconsciously clutched her chest, which frightened Queena. In a hurry, she stopped her hand and said, "What's the matter? If you don't like it, we won't talk about it anymore."
	Melinda looked at Queena coldly and then came to herself slowly.
	"No, I just thought of some unpleasant experience in Gu's mansion,"
	Melinda said as she shook her head. No one knew the grief in her eyes, and she could not help but think how many people had remembered that child.
	Queena couldn't understand it for a while. She thought that Melinda was bothered by something else, but she hesitated and said, "I'm sorry, Mellie."
	After such a long time, Queena found what kind of girl Melinda was. She had done a lot of wrong things, and now Melinda wouldn't blame her.
	"I was harsh to you before because I thought you didn't like Jonas. I always thought you approached him with a purpose. Now I know how wrong I was. I apologize for everything I have done to you."
	Queena opened her heart and told her the truth, which surprised Melinda. She didn't expect that she misunderstood her words, but she didn't want to say it.
	Maybe it was also a knot in Queena's heart. She would be fine if she said this out.
	"I don't know how you will forgive me. But I can assure you that I won't do that again,"
	Queena said and almost raised her fingers to swear. Melinda understood the heart of a mother very much. It was normal for her to be misunderstood like this when she thought of the gap between her identity and that of Jonas's.
	Melinda thought that she would do the same thing if someone approached her child with a purpose in the future.
	"Auntie Yao, I don't blame you,"
	Melinda said with a smile. No one was wrong in this matter, but she was too simple and silly.
	When she fell in love with Jonas, she just wanted to be with him. But she never thought about anything unexpected.
	"Really?"
	Queena asked in surprise. She was a very extreme person. When she put herself in the position of Melinda, she thought it was unforgivable.
	However, Melinda's answer was so calm.
	"Well, that's all over." Those were her experiences during her growth.
	"Mellie, if you really can forget all these, you can go back to the Gu's mansion and live with us. Your grandfather misses you too."
	She looked at Melinda with eyes full of expectation, and her last words completely shook Melinda's heart.
	What a stubborn grandpa.
	"He also wants to come to see you every day like me, but he's getting old. Even if he's not satisfied with getting old, his energy is limited. Now he misses you every day at home."
	Although Nelson looked energetic, he was still weak. It was really hard for him to come here and go home every day.
	"Okay. I'll ask the servant to pack up my belongings these two days."
	After thinking it over and over again in her heart, Melinda finally agreed.
	Queena didn't react for a while. In the end, she was excited and spoke incoherently, "Do you really agree?"
	Melinda didn't expect that her promise to Gu's mansion could make Queena so happy, and her attitude was much more serious. She nodded and replied again, "I promise you to go back to Gu's mansion."
	"Great! That's great! Your grandpa will be so happy if he knows it!" Queena said, she couldn't wait to tell everyone the news, even having the urge to bring Melinda back home before the servant got everything ready.
	"Don't bother. We've got everything we need at home."
	"I have gotten used to those things anyway," Melinda said helplessly. She could not help but think of what Jonas had said to her, that if she came back, he would definitely choose a good day.
	All the troubles between them had made Jonas superstitious.
	Queena also realized that she was in a hurry, but she was in a bad mood for a long time. The smile on her face never disappeared this day.
	In the evening, Queena told Nelson and Jonas that Melinda had agreed to go home. Jonas's reaction was more excited than Queena's.
	"Did Linda really agree?" He still couldn't believe that she didn't tell him at all when they had dinner tonight. Jonas even doubted if his mother had heard it wrong.
	"Well, you must take her back this time," Queena warned his son. Nelson nodded constantly, his eyes even a little red.
	Children's happiness was nothing more than that of adults.
	Hearing the confirmation of his mother, Jonas even called Melinda directly. After getting the exact answer, he felt relieved. The smile on his face was even more flamboyant than his appearance.
	Melinda went back to the Gu's mansion. It was special to him, which meant that Melinda could forget the past and start all over with him. She was willing to believe him and give him a chance.
	"Mommy, Grandpa, I want to propose to Linda on that day." Looking at the two elders, Jonas said solemnly. Queena and Nelson thought it was a good idea.
	"I won't interfere with your business. You can make your own arrangement," Nelson said, but his face was also glowing with the news.
	"Okay."
	Jonas swore to himself that he wouldn't let anyone down this time.
	He wanted to give Melinda the best, but the time was short. So he bought a luxurious diamond ring in the mall in a hurry, which was a rare pink diamond, and looked pure.
	The designer was a well-known foreign designer, and each design was limited. This was the latest ring and was called the secret love, meaning very profound. Jonas felt this ring could fully express the love between him and Melinda.
	They had too many secrets to share with each other, but they would eventually be together because of love.
	Jonas was very concerned about the matter that Melinda was going back home, and even had the room redecorated. 
Chapter 250 Heroine
	Jonas really let Queena have a look at the day as he said to Melinda. In the end, it was decided on weekend, a good day with nothing to be worried about.
	Although Melinda moved back to the Gu's mansion, she did not plan to empty up the house here. Most of the things were left in the place, just as what Queena said that everything was ready in the Gu's mansion, so she didn't have many things with her.
	Melinda moved back to the Gu's mansion. Queena didn't agree to let them live in a small villa this time, and cleaned up the room in the house of Jonas, leaving it to be arranged by Jonas.
	As for Jonas, he was a simple and rough man who demanded the best in everything. His woman deserved this treatment.
	They had checked in a few times before, so it was quite busy this time. Queena was busy, and the whole Gu's mansion gave a completely new impression.
	These two days Nelson was very happy. The whole person looked with a lot of spirits.
	The entire Gu's mansion had been busy for three days in total. Looking at it, Nelson was very happy.
	"Now it looks like home."
	Queena had changed a lot of furniture, and the lights were also changed. The color of home was not simple, luxurious and cold any more.
	This Gu's mansion was full of warmth.
	"When Mellie moves in, our family will be complete," Queena said happily. She had been expecting this day for a long time.
	It was fate that Melinda and Gu family became a family in the end.
	"Ask Vern to come here tomorrow. Jonas's going to propose his daughter, so he should be a witness. It's a pity that Leonard can't make it," Nelson sighed. Leonard spent most of his time in the countryside and liked that kind of peaceful life.
	In A City, her father was Melinda's only family member left.
	"I'll pick him up tomorrow." Jonas took the initiative, and Queena and Nelson had no objection. Everyone was looking forward to the arrival of this weekend.
	Hearing that Melinda was willing to let go of the past and return to the Gu's mansion, and that Jonas was going to propose to his daughter, Vern was very happy. So he followed Jonas to the Gu's mansion without hesitation.
	The room Queena arranged for him was in the main villa, fully showing her care to Melinda.
	Though Melinda married in the Gu family for a long time, Melinda's family seldom came to visit here. Looking at the Gu's mansion, Vern felt it strange.
	Nelson was very happy to see him, and it was not boring to have a topic with him.
	At the same time, the chaos in the Gu's mansion these days attracted the attention of some people, one of whom was Jerry.
	Emily was depressed and stayed at home because her plan failed several times recently. At this time, she received a call from Jerry.
	Or she had got the news from Jerry.
	"You have plenty of free time lately," Jerry said with sarcasm. Emily said she wanted to take revenge, but she hadn't acted for a long time.
	Emily, on the other hand, had a gloomy heart. She wanted to give a hard time to Melinda, but she could not succeed. Instead, Melinda added insult to her wound.
	"What's up?" Her voice was obviously cold. Her face, which had not been seen in the sun for a long time, was somewhat pale. The morbid and weak look was very frightening.
	Her tone was as sullen as a dead person's and was not full of vitality.
	Emily was not as resplendent and magnificent as she used to be. She was in a total mess as if she were a walking dead, even though nobody noticed her.
	"I have a bad news to tell you." A playful smile appeared on Jerry's face. He didn't care much about this news, but after Emily knew it, things were different.
	Emily frowned. What Jerry said was definitely something bad.
	She had lived a bad life, so she could not think of anything that could be bad news.
	"If you have something to say, just say it. Why do you hide it?" Emily said impatiently, with a hint of unspeakable anxiety in her tone.
	Emily's mind was in a mess. She kept thinking about those scenes. It was like a wandering dream.
	"Melinda will come back to the Gu's mansion tonight, and Jonas is going to propose to her. Unless something unexpected happens, Melinda will certainly agree." Jerry had learnt about this from a servant in the Gu's mansion.
	He had thought that the Gu's mansion would make some big movements, but it was out of his expectation that the only thing they were going to do was to welcome Melinda back home.
	However, this news was a huge blow to Emily.
	Emily was stunned for a while and suddenly she was enraged as she said in a low voice, "It is really a bad news."
	Melinda was going to be together with Jonas again? Did she forget everything?
	"I've got the news for you. It's all up to you to decide what to do." Jerry was very satisfied with Emily's reaction. He came to Emily in the hope that her hatred could make her become ruthless and merciless. She was useless at present for just staying at home.
	"Let's meet some time." Emily was not a fool. She knew that Jerry wanted to make use of her, so she wouldn't let him get away with it.
	Moreover, they couldn't make it clear on the phone, so they had to discuss this matter face to face.
	"You know I have nothing to do," Jerry said with self-mockery. He didn't even have a job because of what Jonas did to him, and his only money was Emily's.
	He was hated by everyone because of Jonas.
	"Come to me later. Be careful," Emily said. Although Jerry agreed with her, he was disdainful of Emily. Emily did take herself seriously. She was in such an awkward situation now, why would the silly reporters wait for her?
	But they were in a cooperative relationship, so Jerry said nothing.
	The place he lived was a basement, with no sunlight shining all year round. When he walked out, he even covered his eyes with his hands for some uncomfortableness.
	He didn't treat himself bad when he was going to Emily's home. He hailed a taxi and asked Emily to pay the bill.
	"I told you to be careful. Why did you take a taxi here? Are you afraid that others would not know that we know each other?" Emily took the money, well-disguised, to the driver, and quickly turned around, for fear that she would be recognized.
	In her eyes, it was a disgraceful thing that she knew people like Jerry.
	"Do you want to think of a way to deal with it or not?" Jerry said, speechless with Emily's conceited manner. She should have been overwhelmed to the mire, but she still felt herself as a pure white lotus.
	"Come in."
	Emily would never allow such a thing to happen, so at the moment, nothing was important for her except for stopping Jonas from proposing to Melinda.
	Jerry glanced at her with an expression that he had expected.
	He was very familiar with the layout of Emily's home. Without her care, he naturally took a bottle of water for himself.
	"You seem to have made a lot of money these years."
	He shook the mineral water in his hand and said. A bottle of water imported from overseas cost more than one hundred. Emily had been hidden by the company for a long time, and she was still living such happily.
	"Cut the crap. Do you have any news?"
	Emily rolled her eyes at him. Actually, she knew clearly in her heart that she was now sitting at a disadvantage, but she had always got used to having the best in everything, thinking that those bad things did not deserve her.
	"It's said that they have taken Melinda's father to the Gu's mansion to show that they think highly of Melinda." As Jerry spoke, the resentment under his careless eyes could not be concealed.
	The members of the Gu family showed such great respect for Melinda just because she was Jonas's wife. However, he, the grandson of the Gu family, was just like an ant in this world.
	"Think highly of her?"
	Emily bit the words in a very angry tone. Her pale face was a little distorted without makeup, which made her look more horrible.
	"Right. What are you going to do?"
	Emily frowned. It was too late. She didn't have much time to cause trouble tonight.
	"We have no other choice now. Let's go to the Gu's mansion now," Emily said. For Jerry, the meaning of this place was different.
	He was supposed to live in the Gu's mansion, but now there was full of his enemies.
	It was better to destroy a family that couldn't accept him.
	"Okay."
	Jerry laughed, just like Jonny. His eyes were full of schemes.
	It was not easy to get into the Gu's mansion, but Emily was familiar with it. The two people did not enter the main door, but entered it from somewhere else.
	Looking at the grand villa group, Jerry once again thought of the miserable life of himself and his mother, and hatred grew like weeds in his heart.
	Emily took Jerry to the main villa. It was getting dark and the light on the garden was dim. They disguised themselves by the construction.
	"I'll go in first." Emily took a deep breath and said to Jerry, who was behind her. At this time, Melinda hadn't come back. And her existence must cause misunderstanding between the two people.
	Emily thought with confidence, and then Jerry nodded and hid himself aside. Emily walked out after she saw the servants nearby had gone away.
	There was always a haughty expression on her face. She was dressed up nicely, but the gloom on her face made her look like a shadow.
	Emily intended to knock at the door, but found that the door was open. A hint of surprise flashed through her face, and she had made a good preparation in her heart. She placed her hand on the door and then pushed it hard.
	The romance in the room stung her eyes, and the smile on the people's faces inside immediately disappeared when they saw her. Queena reacted first and said to Emily in disgust, "What are you doing here?"
	Emily looked around and found that Melinda and Jonas were not in the living room. She breathed a sigh of relief, her eyes half closed, trying to hide her uneasiness.
	"Jonas asked me to come here. He said there would be a surprise for me tonight. I am the heroine today!" said Emily arrogantly. 
Chapter 251 Revenge
	The faces of all the people turned ghastly pale with Emily's words. Looking at the sweet atmosphere of the decoration, Emily walked forward to sabotage it and even said in a spoiled tone, "What's wrong with Jonas? I told him that I don't like these things."
	She said she didn't like it, but she really liked it. This happy look was more real than her acting.
	Vern watched all this coldly. When he thought of his daughter coming, and she would be angry if she saw this scene, so he asked Queena, "What's going on? Is this the way your Gu family welcome my daughter?"
	It was a humiliation to her daughter that Emily was showing up.
	He was trembling with anger. Queena also came to herself and pulled Emily.
	"This is the Gu family. Get out."
	Queena believed that her son would not do such a thing. If her son was really stupid, she, as a mother, had to be the bad guy.
	It was absolutely impossible for Emily to marry into the Gu family.
	Nelson frowned at the sight of Emily. The wrinkls on his forehead could kill flies. He beckoned to Gavin next to him, and then took out his phone to call Jonas.
	Although Jonas was going to surprise Melinda, he was still worried about her to come alone, so he went to the apartment to pick up her in person.
	Nelson had just found Jonas's phone number, and before it ran out, he saw him holding the hand of Melinda, and the two walked into the house with a smile on their faces.
	Looking at the awkward atmosphere in the living room, Jonas severely looked at Emily.
	Under such eyes of Jonas, Emily was scared. The arrogance on her face was totally replaced by fear.
	Melinda let go of Jonas's hand and stood aside with a cold face. Seeing them coming back, Nelson put down his phone, walked to Vern, and comforted, "Vern, don't worry. Let's listen to Jonas first."
	"What's going on?"
	The gentle smile on Jonas's face just now was gone, leaving only endless cold. His deep eyes seemed to be able to freeze Emily.
	Emily froze and said nothing.
	"Jonas, what's going on? Emily said you asked her to come here and wanted to give her a surprise."
	Queena came up to Jonas and said carefully. She didn't dare to let Melinda hear these words at all.
	She thought that all of this must be a mistake.
	Hearing this, Jonas sneered. He didn't immediately deal with Emily. Instead, he helped Melinda sit down on the sofa.
	"Have a rest. I'm going to clean up the mess." He smiled gently and even smoothed the hair on Melinda's forehead.
	A complex look of awkwardness and fear crawled across Emily's face. The gentleness on Jonas's face flattered her, but it was so clear that it did not belong to her.
	"It's true. It's a big surprise." Looking at Emily who was standing not far away from her, Melinda curled her lips into a faint smile, which made Jonas nervous.
	Most people who liked Jonas were obsessed with his eyes, including Emily. But the coldness in his eyes made her sink into cold water.
	"I asked you to come here?" A smile appeared on Jonas's face. It was a little similar to the one on Melinda's face, but she was more harmless.
	He smiled coldly.
	Emily's teeth were chattering and she did not say a word for a long time.
	Just when Emily did not know what to do, Jerry, who had been outside, suddenly came in. He walked slowly to Emily and looked straight at Jonas.
	They looked like each other but their distinct features were very clear. Emily was relieved to see him while Nelson's heart was in his throat.
	Why did the child come to the Gu's mansion?!
	Queena looked at Jerry in shock, her eyes full of disbelief. Jonas's eyes were even colder, looking at Emily and Jerry, and wanted them to be thrown out directly.
	"What's wrong? This is my house. Can't I come here?"
	Jerry looked at him, but his eyes turned towards Queena. He also said this to her.
	He was also a descendant of the Gu family. Why couldn't the family be his?
	"Do you want to die?"
	Jonas's voice was very cold, as if he had just come out of the very cold place. Looking at Emily and Jerry, his eyes without any emotions were like invisible swords, stabbing hard at them.
	"Jonas, don't you think I will be afraid of you since I dare to stand here today?" Jerry looked at Jonas fearlessly. He was typical of being brave for he had nothing to lose.
	Emily looked at Jerry in surprise. She did not expect that he would suddenly become so strong. At the same time, she quietly breathed a sigh of relief. The appearance of Jerry had helped to ease the embarrassment just now.
	At this time, everyone's attention was on him, and no one noticed what Emily had just said and done.
	"Good."
	Jonas nodded his head. He admired Jerry's courage very much. At the same time, he thought it was the most wrong decision to let Jerry go for the sake of family affection.
	Looking at everyone in the living room, Jerry had an impulse to destroy everything, and finally his eyes were fixed on Queena.
	He slowly approached Queena step by step. Before Queena recovered from the shock, she suddenly faced Jerry's enlarged face.
	He looked like Jonas from a distance, but when she took a closer look, she would find that they were very different.
	"Who are you?"
	Queena saw a touch of hatred in his crazy eyes, but she was sure that she didn't know the child in front of her.
	However, there was a voice roaring in her heart, which almost destroyed her.
	"Who am I? Ha-ha-ha..." Jerry laughed hysterically. Jonas wanted to stop Jerry, but his mother stopped him.
	"Isn't my face enough to prove everything?" While saying, Jerry pointed at his face. He looked more like his father, and this face did explain everything.
	Looking at Queena's eyes filled with despair, he laughed even happier. It was such a happy thing to see an enemy suffer.
	"Your husband had an affair. He was with another woman and she gave birth to me," Jerry said in a low voice as he came close again.
	His face was a little distorted. A kind of pain and happiness intertwined on his face, and in the end, it was filled with hatred.
	He hated the whole family.
	"What kind of man is he? Messing around with other women and escaping from the responsibility!" Jerry shouted angrily. He was a bastard, but his life was even worse than that of a bastard.
	Yulia was also an illegitimate child. But she lived in the Gu family since she was a child and enjoyed everything that was deserved by the daughter of a rich family. However, he lived with his mother and did not live a peaceful life even for a day.
	"Is he really worth my mother's love?" Jerry seemed to ask Queena, or himself. He wanted to ask the woman who was buried underground.
	"That's enough. Your mother was nothing but a shameless mistress." Queena's chest was trembling violently. She always felt that there was only one betrayal. She didn't expect that her husband would leave so many affairs with other women in a place she didn't know.
	"Shut up! You don't deserve to talk about my mother!" Jerry looked at Queena in anger. He hated his mother being called a mistress.
	She knew nothing. She was so innocent but had to bear such a charge.
	It was all that man's fault.
	Sitting on the sofa and looking at all this, though Melinda had already known everything, she was still shocked. Seeing this scene, Vern fell into deep thought.
	"He cheated my mother and left irresponsibly. That silly woman had been looking for him. She died of missing the man who had abandoned her and depression. My mother was killed by all of you!"
	cried Jerry. His feelings for his mother were complicated and more resentful, because he was abandoned by her because of a man.
	"I am also a child of Gu family. A part of this family should belong to me. I will let the scum who abandoned my mother pay the price."
	He glared at everyone with hatred. He wanted everyone to be punished for what the man had done. He cooperated with Emily to fight against Jonas, but his main goal was to make this family in a turmoil.
	"Are you done? Then get out of here." Jonas had been silent listening to what Jerry had said, and when he saw his mother's expression getting worse and worse, he couldn't help but say so.
	"How dare you ask me to get out? I am part of this family." Jerry didn't fear what Jonas said, and he still looked at Queena like a madman.
	"I will make him pay the price. My dear elder brother, are you ready for my revenge? I should have killed you if I were not careless enough to let you run away last time."
	What Jerry regretted the most was that he didn't kill Jonas after he kidnapped him last time. He just tortured him simply.
	When Queena heard this, her face was pale. Why did these bastards want their son to suffer?
	She recalled the scene when Jonas was rescued last time.
	The surrounding air seemed to have become chaos in a moment. She felt it difficult to breathe, and looked at Jerry, who looked like her child, but crazy.
	Every vicious curse from him made her mad. Queena covered her chest in anger. At last, she went black and fainted.
	Jonas reacted the most quickly. He came forward and hugged Queena. His black eyes were full of killing intent. The situation made Melinda who was resting on the sofa also frightened.
	"One day he will pay for what he has done. He deserves it," Nelson sighed on his crutch. 
Chapter 252 In Forties
	The Gu's mansion was in chaos. Jonas carried Queena to the hospital. Nelson sighed while asking people to drive Emily and Jerry out.
	When he looked at Jerry, his eyes were very complicated.
	Even though Jerry's words were very extreme, he did not say anything wrong. He was the child of the Gu family, and this family belonged to him.
	What's more, it was his disappointing son who made all these tragedies.
	Nelson sighed deeply again. He turned around and saw that Melinda was still sitting on the sofa like a puppet.
	"Kid, I am sorry to let you witness all these jokes." Nelson came to the side of Melinda and said. His sad face made Melinda very distressed.
	There were not many happy things in Nelson's life. Most of the time, he was serious. Today, he finally had a happy moment, but it turned out to be such a mess.
	The decoration of the living room was romantic and luxurious, and the fragrance of champagne roses was still filled with the nose, but everything that had been planned was destroyed.
	Jonas's ring was ready, and even hidden in a place next to Melinda. The celebration cake in the kitchen had been prepared beforehand, and there was no chance for it to show up at this moment.
	All of a sudden, this had turned into a joke.
	Thinking of Jonas's anxious look, and Queena's sudden faint, Melinda felt her heart constricted and a pain came from her lower abdomen.
	"Grandpa, everything will be fine. Don't worry too much," Melinda comforted him. Vern stood still and watched the whole process. He was deeply shocked by all these things.
	"Ah, I'm fine. It's just that I feel sad for Jonas," Nelson said, he had seen so many things in his life, it was impossible for him to be easily knocked down.
	On the contrary, Jonas, the carefully planned proposal was gone. His mother was being sent to the hospital for rescue. Everyone who knew him well knew that he would never let off Emily and Jerry easily.
	"Gavin, take grandpa to the bedroom for a rest," Melinda said to Gavin. Nelson didn't refuse. He nodded, looked at everything in the living room and sighed deeply.
	"Daughter, let's go home."
	Vern didn't say anything except a question from the beginning to the end. Now there were only the father and the daughter left in the living room. Melinda looked a little pale.
	What had happened just now was too shocking for her, but the actions of Jerry and the faint of Queena still frightened her. The baby in her belly was intuitively felt.
	The fetus was alerted. Due to the uncomfortable abdomen, Melinda knew that she had hurt the fetus. Therefore, she didn't move when Jonas had left.
	Since it had been a while since the two got along well with each other, it was inevitable for him to worry about her. But now, his mother had to be sent to the hospital.
	So, before leaving, he asked Vern to take good care of Melinda.
	"Dad, I'm a little worried about Auntie Yao's safety."
	Queena had always been healthy, and it was even more frightening for her to suddenly faint. Melinda's browns wrinkled together, her eyes lifeless, full of worry.
	"You'd better take care of yourself first." Looking at Melinda, Vern said helplessly. It could not be said that he had no feelings for the Gu family, but this was a family matter of Gu family. He'd better not ask much about it.
	Looking at his daughter's pale and stubborn face, Vern felt a sense of helplessness. He went to the sofa, stretched out his hand and said jokingly, "I'm old now. I can't carry you, but I can hold you."
	His hands were not as delicate as they were when he was young as time went by. Melinda's eyes became red. She sniffed and sobbed, "Who says you're old? It's me who gain weight because of eating and eating. But it doesn't matter. You can carry the baby when the baby is born."
	"Well, can we go home now, the baby's Mommy?" Seeing how sentimental Melinda was, Vern did not know whether to cry or to laugh. He thought his child was somewhat innocent.
	Melinda didn't dare to neglect her baby. Obviously, the Gu's mansion wasn't fit for a rest. There was nothing she could do to help, and she would only make people busier.
	She didn't leave the Gu's mansion with Vern until she felt better.
	Vern had been picked up by Jonas. Now the two of them left, Melinda asked Gavin to arrange a driver to send them off. Vern took Melinda directly to his home.
	"The baby in your womb got hurt today. How about going to the hospital for a check-up?"
	The father and the daughter both sat in the back seats. Melinda leaned on her father as if she was a kid, with hands on her belly. It was really a wonderful feeling for the three generations to be together.
	"It's okay. The baby did not do anything."
	Melinda stroked her belly with her hands. She had suffered a lot to have this baby after going through so many hardships. She had learned the secret that Jonas had hidden from her since she had been pregnant.
	It was difficult for her to conceive, so it was hard for her to be pregnant. It was better to have a good rest quietly, or it would be easy to affect the fetus.
	"We'd better go to the hospital." Thinking of Melinda's sullen face, Vern was still a little worried, and his worried look made Melinda laugh.
	"Don't worry. I'll have an antenatal check in two days." She knew her own body very well. Hearing that, Vern didn't say anything more. Both of them returned to Vern's place in silence.
	Although Melinda smiled, she still looked worried. It was obvious that she was worried about Queena.
	Her father cleaned her room and kept her stuff every day. As soon as Vern entered the room, he urged Melinda to go to bed.
	He seemed to have something on his mind, but Melinda didn't ask. Her father was a little dull. There were things he didn't want to say that he could hide from her for a lifetime.
	Vern poured a glass of milk for Melinda and started to clean up the mess to get rid of the trouble in his mind.
	But thinking that this matter would have a lifelong impact on his daughter, he couldn't help but knock on the door.
	"Mellie, are you asleep?"
	Melinda was reading books to ease her worries and anxieties, but she just couldn't read for a long time.
	"Dad, come in. The door is unlocked," Melinda said to her father at the door, and then she saw her father coming in wearing a simple set of home clothes.
	With a mop in his hand.
	"Father, the hourly cleaner will deal with the housework tomorrow. You don't have to do this," Melinda said quickly as soon as she saw that. Vern was not as healthy as before after he fell ill, and she had been worried that he would be unable to take care of himself by himself, so she had hired an hourly cleaner.
	"It doesn't matter. I have nothing else to do."
	While saying, Vern moved the chair in front of Melinda, put the mop aside, and sat on the chair. He looked at Melinda with a somewhat complicated expression, and finally opened his mouth, "Mellie, are you going to move back to the Gu's mansion today?"
	"Yes."
	Melinda was a little disappointed, complaining in her heart that Jonas had said that it must be a good day today, but a lot of things had happened. She really didn't know who had said to Jonas that today was a good day.
	"You've seen the tragedy today. I don't care what kind of things Jonas's father had done when he was young, but, Mellie, when you are in your forties, are you sure that Jonas will not act like his father?"
	Vern was a man, so he felt that he knew more about men. Growing up in such a family, Jonas had deep understanding of the word "family" and whether he had value for family.
	Would he be like his father who didn't care about how his family was?
	Gene could be a magical thing sometimes. Since Jonas's father was so fickle, it was hard to ensure that such a fickle seed was not planted in Jonas.
	And the one called Emily, who appeared today, was just the lover of Jonas?
	The safety in the Gu's mansion was good. Why did Emily come in so easily? Was it a coincidence?
	In a word, Vern was not as determined as he was before. He used to hope that Melinda and Jonas could get along well, but now he felt that Jonas might not be reliable.
	Sometimes, marriage was not only a matter between two people, but also a matter between two families.
	It never occurred to Melinda that her father would ask her such a question. The first thought that came to her mind was Emily, which she could not bear.
	Even though Jonas had proved to her for many times that his feelings for Emily was not love, and he probably would like to kill her now, due to his status, Jonas must have a lot of women who approached him. Plus, Emily was just one of them. Before her, there was Holley, or many whom Melinda didn't know.
	The pregnant woman had a sensitive mind, which made Melinda uneasy again. But thinking of what Jonas had done, she fell into deep thought again.
	She didn't speak, nor did her father. Vern just looked at her, hoping that she could think about what he had said carefully.
	"Dad, I don't think Jonas will do that. I trust him."
	She had made a promise to believe in Jonas, so how could she be wavering only because of one thing?
	Although she showed her trust verbally, she was still nervous in her heart.
	There was no absolute in love, and Melinda was deeply aware of it. Hearing this, Vern was a little helpless, but still persuaded, "I think you have to consider remarrying him again."
	If they remarried again, they would have married for three times. As the saying went, "Things should not be failed for more than three times." Would Jonas let her down at the last time?
	Melinda asked herself in her heart, but she didn't know the answer. Every time she was with Jonas, it was like a gamble.
	"Dad, don't you support us being together?" Melinda couldn't help but think of her father's urging to the two of them. She also remembered the last time that Kent came to their house, her father tried every means to compare and disappoint Kent with Jonas.
	For him, there was no better son-in-law than Jonas.
	"I do like this child, but this is your life, I hope you can think it over." Without his previous insistence, Vern analyzed the whole thing from the perspective of Melinda. 
Chapter 253 What A Terrible Day
	"Dad, I believe in Jonas." She believed that Jonas was a person who knew how to cherish. If so many things had happened and he still didn't value her when she came back to him, she would definitely leave him.
	"What's wrong with you, dear?"
	Vern said helplessly. He had hoped that Melinda would care more about Jonas, but now he regretted.
	He didn't know about the family of Jonas and these things, and was so silly to believe that Jonas and his daughter were a perfect match.
	"Father, don't worry. I am not going to make a fuss. I just have suffered too much from the same man." Melinda said, pouting her lips. Such a childish behavior was so natural for her to do.
	Looking at her, Vern felt more helpless. He sighed and said, "anyhow, remarry her is a big deal. I know that you have fallen in love with him since you know what love is. But I also hope that you can know that we can't live a life just with love for the rest of our lives."
	Like and love are unreal, no matter how strong the feelings are, they will also become dull, and in the end, only the habit of companionship, and family affection.
	Due to his high social status, Jonas liked young and beautiful women very much. Vern was worried that his daughter might win a favor from Jonas after his daughter lost her present appearance.
	"Dad, I know."
	Instead of deceiving her father, Melinda nodded solemnly. She grew up in a simple and pure environment, and she had never experienced intrigues.
	It was the first time her father had talked to her about such a profound topic.
	"That's good. You are my only child. I don't want you to get hurt anymore."
	Vern had only one child, but he was unfamiliar with the relationship with Melinda, but he would also try to give the best to her.
	Now that she had grown up and wanted to have her own family, he could not help but feel the stubbornness as an old father.
	There was nothing that will be more worried than seeing his daughter get married. Vern thought.
	As for his daughter, she had gotten married for three times. It was the same person, and both of them took their marriage as a joke. So no matter what, he would not let his daughter be treated so casually this time.
	Melinda couldn't understand her father's feelings right now. After taking a rest at home, she felt much better. In the end, she decided to leave.
	"It's so dangerous in the evening. I have your room." It was late. Hearing that she wanted to go home, Vern did not agree.
	It was already very dangerous for a girl go out at night, not to mention that Melinda was pregnant.
	"No, I left my calcium pill at home. I have to eat it every day." She smiled and said. Although her father had everything here, these tonics were not prepared.
	What calcium pills he ate were not suitable for Melinda.
	Seeing her father's disappointed face, Melinda did not want to disappoint him. She then said like a spoiled child, "Dad, I haven't had dinner yet. Both my baby and I want to eat noodles cooked by you."
	She touched her belly to show that she was really hungry.
	Vern gave her a glance and then went to the kitchen to prepare food. Well, his daughter had grown up and many things were out of his control.
	'If I have talked too much, she would feel unhappy.'
	Vern also prepared delicious noodles, which contained a lot of meat, eggs and her favorite vegetables.
	The taste he cooked was light, but Melinda had a strong taste recently, adding much pepper and jealousy in it.
	"The strong taste of it will stimulate the intestines and stomach. Can you bear it?" Vern looked at her and shook his head, but he didn't stop her.
	"It's said that a pregnant woman can eat whatever her baby wants to eat." Said Melinda righteously and righteously.
	"Your baby is the best backer." Said her father, smiling. In front of his father, she didn't feel embarrassed at all.
	This was bone soup of the noodle. Seeing that Melinda added so much chili to the soup, Vernon added another spoon of soup for her.
	Melinda had a strange habit. She preferred noodle soup, which was a typical type of person who could full herself with soup.
	Now she was pregnant and had a good appetite. Vern felt relieved that she ate a large bowl of noodles.
	After eating, Melinda rubbed her round belly and felt very satisfied. Thinking that her father's home not far away from home, she decided to take a walk back later.
	"Dad, I'm back. You must take good care of yourself. Don't push yourself too hard. If you have any problem, just call me, okay?"
	Melinda reminded her father before she left, worrying that he would only rely on himself and keep anything from her.
	Vern felt very healthy recently. Looking at his daughter, who was pregnant but still frail, he snorted.
	"You'd better keep your words to yourself."
	She felt helpless. She is pregnant but she doesn't gain much weight no matter how much she eats. If she doesn't have a prominent belly, people will suspect whether she is really pregnant.
	"Well, if you really want to back home, just go. Don't waste time talking here."
	Although Vern didn't want his daughter to leave, but he hoped that she could go back home early. After all, it was safer to leave early.
	Hearing this, Melinda didn't talk to her father any more. Instead, she took her bag and walked out.
	The light was very bright outside. With so many people on the street, she was quite fearless.
	But since that it was getting darker and darker, she had a bad feeling that today was not a good day.
	The rumbling thunder, accompanied by the lightning in the sky, didn't take long before the tiny raindrops fell. The people in the street began to run around in panic.
	The rain grew heavier and faster. She began to walk hurriedly, standing under the eaves on the street, but she still got the raindrop.
	Everything went wrong today.
	She made a comment in her heart, but she began to miss Jonas. She also wondered how aunt Yao was doing now.
	The rainstorm usually stop for a while, and then rain again, but tonight it didn't stop until the rain became more and more heavy, and her clothes were getting wet. She directly walked into the rain.
	The cold rain slapped on her cheek, making her more sober.
	"When you are in the middle-aged, can you promise that Jonas will not act like his father?"
	The words of her father came to her mind again, which made her feel very confused. It was not easy for her to believe Jonas, but it seemed that the reality gave her a hard slap again.
	She believed in him, but what her father said was also right.
	She suddenly felt that she had fallen into another new predicament.
	After returning home, she was drenched all over, as if she was just dragged out of water. She wrapped herself with a towel, and didn't dare to be careless at all.
	After having a hot shower, she drank a cup of ginger tea. She suffered a lot because she was pregnant and couldn't get sick or have injection or medicine.
	She leaned on the sofa and looked blankly at somewhere. The ginger tea in her hand gave out a wisp of hot air.
	After a while, Melinda sighed and put down the glass. She found a tool to wipe the wet floor.
	Doing things could make her mind relaxed temporarily, so she wouldn't think about anything that could make her emotions become nervous.
	Melinda didn't know what she was busy with, but she had to do something. The ginger tea on the tea table was already cold, and the TV was also on, playing some unknown channel news.
	After struggling for a long time, she was a little discouraged lying on the sofa, and what her father said still echoed in her mind.
	At the thought of Jerry's tit for tat relationship with Jonas, she felt frightened.
	She was afraid that such a thing would happen some day for the baby in her womb, so she would never be calm down more than Queena.
	"Should we remarry or not?"
	She asked herself, but her mind seemed to be knotted and could not think of a result. She had been through too much today, which made her feel a little tired.
	Holding a pillow, she leaned against the sofa and got to sleep. She didn't even know what to do in the future.
	At the same time, Queena was sent to the ward. She fainted because of the stimulation, and she had been too tired recently. As long as she had a good rest, there was no problem with her.
	"Mommy, are you feeling better? I have asked someone to bring you some porridge. Have some. "
	Since his mother had woken up, he helped her lean against the bed. He would have been in a flurry if he hadn't taken care of one like this before.
	However, he had been taking good care of Melinda during this period of time, which made him an orderly person.
	Queena looked bad, and her eyebrows had never been smoothed. Jonas knew that she worried a lot.
	The doctor reminded him that she have to relax.
	"I has no appetite. What time is it?"
	She fainted this time, and she didn't know what happened later. It was the first time for Queena to hate his husband like this. She was glad that her child had grown up, or he would be greatly hurt.
	The misfortune of family can destroy a child's whole life.
	"It's getting late. You should eat something and go to bed early. Don't worry about it. I'll handle it."
	Jonas put the porridge in front of Queena's mouth. When she saw that her son was calm and careful, she didn't have the heart to refuse to eat.
	Maybe she really didn't have a good appetite, so she felt sick after eating a little. Therefore, Jonas didn't dare to force her to eat.
	Queena went to bed. Thinking of the good day he had planned for himself being so bad, a touch of cruelty came over Jonas.
Chapter 254 Turning The Novel Into Teleplay
	Melinda shrank and felt a little cold. She opened her eyes in a daze and found herself sleeping on the sofa.
	She was only holding a pillow with no quilt cover on her body. The sofa was so small that she felt uncomfortable to lie on it.
	She could not help but think of Jonas. He must be very aggrieved lying on it.
	She couldn't help but smile. When thinking about a person then she have a good mood, she had that kind of feeling only when she was with Jonas.
	"Is he going to make a proposal today?"
	Melinda murmured. It was inevitable for her to regret. She sat up straight and took the ginger tea on the tea table to the kitchen to clean it up. She was staring at the wall, hesitating.
	'How is auntie Yao now, and Jonas?'
	The mobile phone rang at this quiet night, which was very obvious. Melinda was a little excited to take out the phone. When she saw a strange number on the screen, she disappointed.
	After hesitating for a while, she answered. "hello?"
	"Hello, is that Miss Mo?"
	The man on the other end of the phone was a bit of some rough voice of a man He asked with doubt, but was sure that the she was the one he was looking for.
	Though skeptical, she answered politely, "I am. May I ask who you are?"
	It sounded that the man was at the same age as her father. She guessed that the man was her father's friend. But what he was going to say next let her fall into shock.
	"Oh, I forgot to introduce myself. My name is Elmer Lin, a director." He was modest and just told Melinda his profession.
	People who worked in the entertainment circle knew what the name meant. Though Melinda worked in the circle of writing all the year round, she heard him a lot.
	His teleplay was quite popular, and Melinda was expecting her novel become popular which can be turned into teleplay one day and cooperate with such a famous director.
	This moment he call her was like a wonderful dream coming true, which made Melinda excited.
	"Director Lin, I really like watching your TV series." Melinda was surprised, but she also thought that whether the man was a liar. She was alert about the man since there were those kinds of people nowadays.
	But was her novel worth fooling?
	She felt that her brain was not working well after her pregnancy.
	"Really? I wonder if you'd like to cooperate with me?" Instead of being arrogant, he asked again in a calm tone.
	After thinking for a few seconds, Melinda replied carefully. "It cannot be talked clearly on the phone. How about we find a time to talk face to face?"
	She had heard that he was also a local in A City. She believed that he would agree with her as long as he didn't cheat her.
	"Okay," he agreed readily. He was very busy, so the date was set in two days later.
	After hanging up the phone, Melinda still could not calm down for a long time. She checked the call log from time to time, worrying if she was dreaming.
	"Am I dreaming?" Thinking of this, she tilted her head and put her finger on her thigh. Biting her teeth and giving herself a pinch, she cried out in pain, "ouch, it seems not a dream."
	She couldn't wait to share the news with Jonas. Without hesitation, she called him directly.
	In the hospital, Jonas was staying at Queena's room. He was still busy with his business at such a time. He took a look at Queena in the bed, and saw her sleeping soundly. He went to the balcony to answer the phone.
	"Linda."
	He said with a gentle smile, which made her heart throb.
	"Jonas, how's aunt Yao? I'm sorry that I'm not feeling well and can't be with you."
	Hearing what she said in succession, the smile at the corners of Jonas's mouth widened a little, and his tiredness seemed to disappear at this moment.
	"I'm fine. As for you, remember taking care of yourself and our baby since I was not with you."
	The baby in her womb got hurt today, so Jonas almost wanted to take her to the hospital for examination, but his mother's situation was more critical, so he didn't have much time to make a choice.
	Fortunately, his Linda was a kind and considerate girl.
	"Well, by the way, I have good news to tell you."
	Said Melinda mysteriously. As he laughed and frowned, 'It must be that man who took action.' Then he thought.
	"What good news?"
	"I got a call from director Lin just now. He said that he would turn my novel into a TV drama. Isn't it great?"
	She was in high spirits. Her fingers held the phone tightly and her eyes were bright and beautiful.
	"This is the only good news today." Jonas said in a playful manner. He was not going to let go of things of today.
	On the contrary, Melinda was a little nervous. "I don't think my novel is very popular, how can it attract his attention? Is he a liar?"
	"Send me his phone number. I'll ask Ted to find a private detective to check it for you." Said Jonas. Hearing that, she felt relieved. It felt good to have him by her side.
	"What a smart Ted!"
	She said with emotion. She felt that after Ted was promoted by Jonas, she had been living a hard life and should be responsible for everything.
	Jonas smiled and didn't say anything. That was what Ted had to deal with as his personal assistant.
	William, on the other hand, had much more free time than before. He was supposed to be in charge of this in the past.
	They talked for a long time, and Melinda couldn't help falling asleep in her bed. Hearing the shallow breathing sound from the other side of the phone, Jonas's heart couldn't help but soften a little.
	The next morning, Melinda woke up and went to the hospital to visit Queena. Gu family had already been arranged to take care of her. She looked still a little tired, so she smiled reluctantly when she saw Melinda.
	"You two don't need to stay here with me. Go and do your own business. Mellie, Jonas told me that you had a bad mood yesterday and had better have a good rest at home. Don't go anywhere, okay?"
	Queena was very concerned about the baby in Melinda's belly. Melinda said yes obediently, so that Queena wouldn't worry about it.
	The smell of the hospital was not good. Jonas took Melinda away soon and told her that Ted had done a secluded investigation. It was Elmer who called her yesterday.
	"Jonas, I have an appointment with Director Lin tomorrow. I want to buy some clothes in the mall."
	Melinda said, tugging at her loose clothes. Ever since she got pregnant, her clothes had been more loose and simple.
	It was an important occasion, so the dress for her was a little too casual. She didn't want to leave a bad impression before the contract was concluded.
	"I'll go with you." Jonas helped Melinda get into the car, and then he sat in the back seat. He was a little tired because he hadn't had a good rest the whole night.
	Melinda who sitting in the car was his the most important baby and he must avoid any danger.
	He asked the driver to the most bustling shopping mall in a city. People who came to shop here had membership cards, which meant they were either rich or noble. Only a few designated floors with a S-level membership card could be entered.
	If it was in the past, Melinda might not like this kind of place. But now the situation was different. She did not refuse him.
	Led by Jonas, she arrived at a fancy clothing store.
	"Can we find an appropriate dress for tomorrow's appointment?" Seeing someone coming up to measure the sizes, she said in a hurry.
	"It doesn't matter. Let's make some casual clothes first. We'll pick a finished one later."
	The stuff in the store were handmade. The cloth was soft, and the design style was simple but elegant.
	Hearing this, Melinda showed no objection and obeyed him obediently. In the end, it was Jonas that picked everything and ordered several clothes.
	Melinda liked everything Jonas chose, no matter the clothes or the jewelry she would bring at that time, Melinda was blindly convinced that. Jonas could match all the stuff.
	Melinda was so relaxed that she even thought it was time for all these things to be done by Jonas.
	"I find that you are an expert. You are awesome." "It's good that you buy it.".
	Glancing at her, he stopped and came closer to her. It was clear that what he wanted.
	Her fingers were twisted together. Looking around, she quickly pecked a kiss on his cheek and then quickly ran away.
	However, after she just ran two steps, she held her belly and slowed down.
	She was pregnant now, so she couldn't run wild at will! She whined in her heart, but felt very sweet.
	After sending Jonas home, Jonas went back to the company to deal with some business. When he left, Melinda was reading a novel and wanted to modify some shortcomings. However, it was already past ten o'clock when he came back from his social engagement. She was still working hard to modify something in front of the computer.
	Her eyes were starting to be red. Seeing this, Jonas was so angry at once, but finally he controlled himself.
	"It hasn't been changed yet?" He greeted her gently at first. Melinda glanced at him and nodded perfunctorily, her eyes still staring at the computer all the time.
	Anger smoldered in Jonas's heart, but he also warned himself that he couldn't be rude to a pregnant woman. He needed to solve this in a peaceful way.
	'I should be patient with my wife.'
	"Linda, it's getting late. You should go to bed early for the sake of the baby." As Jonas said about the baby in her belly, Melinda still nodded perfunctorily. He didn't give up. "And you see, the computer is radiation all day long. You have been sitting there all day."
	There was no other sports today besides going shopping, which was really inappropriate.
	"I'll do another check. That's enough."
	She felt that the letters in front of her began to fight and she became tired as she stared at them for such a long time.
Chapter 255 The Truth Of The TV play
	"Linda,"
	Jonas called her again, and there was already a hint of anger in his voice. Melinda finally raised her head. Seeing his sullen face, she was a little afraid.
	"Good girl, go to sleep, okay?" Melinda looked a little bit grievous. Seeing this, Jonas felt helpless in an instant. He touched her head and said in a soft voice.
	Melinda glanced at the novel and Jonas hesitantly, without saying anything for a long time.
	"You just have an appointment tomorrow and the contract is not signed yet. What's more, you have set the characters. So it's useless to change the outline now. You should go to sleep now,"
	said Jonas, thinking about whether his decision was right or wrong.
	"You make sense."
	Hearing what he said, Melinda felt that what Jonas said was right. Thinking of that she had revised it for a long time, she once again doubted that how much her IQ had been reduced after she was pregnant.
	"Of course I am right. You are too stubborn. Even if you don't worry about yourself now, you should at least think about our baby."
	As he said, Jonas put his big palm on Melinda's belly. It was a simple move that shocked him greatly, as if he could take a step closer to the baby.
	After a long time, Melinda finally compromised. She yawned sleepily and leaned herself on Jonas.
	"I'm so sleepy," Melinda mumbled. Just now, she did force herself too much. Jonas held her tightly. Then he directly carried her to the bedroom.
	As soon as Melinda touched the bed, she turned over and she also rolled up the quilt. Jonas then went to the kitchen to prepare a cup of maternity milk for her.
	"Drink it before you go to sleep."
	Melinda was so sleepy that she could not open her eyes. In the end, the milk was fed to her by Jonas.
	After she fell asleep, Jonas left a bedside lamp. Looking at her sleeping face and thinking of her stubborn look just now, he could not help but smile.
	"How could you take care of yourself and our baby like this?"
	Then Jonas bent over and left a gentle kiss on Melinda's forehead, and went to the study next door.
	The computer was not turned off, and the screen displayed the novel of Melinda.
	Although Melinda was a little famous, her popularity was not enough to attract the attention of the famous directors like Elmer.
	All these were arranged by Jonas. He suddenly recalled the early days when Melinda had been in low spirits.
	Jonas was very worried about her at that time. He tried every means to amuse her every day, but to no avail.
	"Linda, you seem to be in a bad mood recently?" Jonas bought her favorite red velvet cake, but Melinda didn't eat it at all after a glance.
	He couldn't hide his feelings in front of Melinda, so he asked directly.
	Looking at Jonas, Melinda was a little hesitant and a little aggrieved. Looking at her, Melinda thought she was bullied and suddenly became anxious.
	His eyes became fierce. From the look in his eyes, Melinda knew that Jonas must have misunderstood her.
	"No, I am not. Perhaps I am too sensitive because of pregnancy." She was still depressed. After being pregnant, she worked less and spent most of the time nourishing the fetus. The company usually gave many opportunities which should belong to her to others.
	Melinda's status in the company had changed subtly.
	They writers relied on the exposure of the articles. Without a good page, Melinda's reputation had been greatly damaged.
	And that was why she felt very depressed.
	She loved the child in her belly, and she loved her career as well. She wanted to protect both of them well, but her body was not strong enough.
	At this time, Melinda kind of understood the pain of those strong women when they were pregnant, and she had always felt that she was a little woman.
	"Linda, I hope that you can tell me anything, not just bear it alone."
	Hearing Melinda's perfunctory answer, Jonas didn't plan to force her to say it out. Instead, he began to think how to coax her into telling him the whole story. In order to make her happy, he needed to use specific method.
	"Jonas, do you think there will be such a kind of fan who likes all of you because she likes on of your articles?" Melinda wondered if this was true love which was supported by the exposure.
	What made Melinda feel more depressed was that she seldom wrote articles recently. And the only one which was published on the Internet was written when she was not in mood. Many people began to say that her talent was running out.
	Many people even wrote negative comments in the comment area of Melinda to talk about this matter, and many began to be professional anti-fans to find fault with Melinda.
	"You have to trust yourself,"
	Jonas encouraged her with a smile. He had always believed that Melinda would grow into a lady of glory and admiration. However, before Melinda climbed to the peak, she faced the challenge first.
	If she didn't trust herself, she would deny the meaning of her existence.
	Melinda began to deny the meaning of her novel. It was an accident that she came to this way to express her inner feelings.
	She needed a suitable outlet, or she would not be able to hold on.
	But it would only be for one time, and that was forever. She loved to write stories from then on.
	"But I feel awful when I read those novels I write now,"
	Melinda said in a sad voice. She was more or less influenced by the comments of the netizens in the commenting area. She wanted to write a good story to prove herself.
	But she found herself lack of energy.
	"Those who judge others are mostly people with poor life. Do you have to deny yourself for such people? Linda, trust me. Someone will figure out who you are and confirm your value,"
	said Jonas, while thinking about how to deal with this matter. It was easy to affect Melinda's current mood. If the matter continued to escalate, it would make her worse.
	Jonas even began to think whether there was another plot behind it.
	The next day, without telling Melinda, Jonas went to find Elmer who was a famous director in TV series and had won many awards in TV series.
	Well-known directors have their own characteristics. And so did Elmer. To show his sincerity, Jonas had come into contact with him in person.
	When he met him, he directly recommended Melinda's novel to the director.
	"I want to invest in making this novel to a TV play, but I need a good director," said Jonas. He took out a novel outline from Melinda's computer, which contained a lot about the specific background and so on.
	Although it was not as straightforward as the script, Elmer felt comfortable to read it. Therefore, for the sake of Jonas, Elmer read it carefully.
	"It's good, but it needs to be revised." As Elmer said, he closed the document. To be honest, most of the TV plays required novel and touching characters. Melinda's novel was close to life, and the most outstanding part of it was the words.
	However, this kind of TV play needed actors to interpret it.
	"It's a published novel. You can have a look. Contact her if you have time." Jonas gave Elmer Melinda's phone number with a smiling face. He showed his attitude that he would definitely invest in this TV series and he would definitely find someone to shoot it.
	If Elmer didn't agree, he could ask someone else for help.
	Since Jonas had the ability to be arrogant like that, Elmer was a little hesitant, but he finally agreed, "Okay, I'll contact her after I read it."
	Elmer was touched by Melinda's words, so he contacted her.
	At the same time, he also heard some people talk about the relationship between Melinda and Jonas, so he knew something.
	A TV play was going to be a hit. In addition to its own story, the other aspects were very important, including the actors, the staff, the advertising and other complicated things.
	Therefore, investing was also very important.
	Since Jonas was with him, he had a fixed investor. Elmer had confidence in himself and would make a grand work.
	At this time, he had many thoughts in his mind, waiting for the agreement of cooperation with Melinda.
	They met at a restaurant of a hotel in A City. Wearing the dress that had been arranged by Jonas, Melinda started off for the hotel.
	"Do you really not need me to accompany you?" Jonas asked Melinda while she was unfastening the seat belt.
	"Can I have a good talk after you sitting there with a cold face?"
	Jonas was helpless. There was nothing he could do about it. As long as there was no problem with Melinda's side, the cooperation would be successful. So he didn't worry much.
	"Go for it!" He tried to cheer Melinda up, but she had already opened the door and got off the car. Only her back and her waving could be seen by Jonas.
	The Chinese restaurant was on the second floor. Melinda went upstairs directly and led by the usher to a private box.
	Melinda pushed the door open and came in. A middle-aged man was sitting on the sofa. On the table in front of him, there were two cups of tea, and even a wisp of scented flowers' smell.
	He had a long hair and was wearing a grey casual suit and a pair of black framed glasses. He was holding a cup of tea in his hand.
	Hearing the sound of the door being pushed open, he put down the tea cup and looked up. He saw a trace of surprise in the eyes of Melinda, but Melinda quickly regained her composure.
	"Director Elmer." At last, Melinda walked up to him and greeted him. Elmer stood up from his seat and shook hands with her politely. Then, she sat on the sofa at his right side.
	"This hotel is quite famous for its scented flower tea. Have a try." He seemed to be a kind senior greeting with Melinda. He remembered all the taboo of Melinda that Jonas had told him. That was why the drink on the table was the light flower tea.
	"We need to taste it very carefully to find out it is sweet." Melinda sniffed the fragrance, and then took a sip. She tasted it carefully. The taste of the scented flower tea was relatively light, but the taste of the flowers was strong. Only by smelling it carefully could she taste the sweetness that was moisturizing the heart.
	Hearing what Melinda said, Elmer burst into laughter happily. And he repeatedly said that it was rare.
Chapter 256 Involve In The Production
	The next room was a small conference room. After talking for a long time about the tea ceremony, Elmer and Melinda came to the point.
	Her words left a deep impression on Elmer.
	He had thought Melinda would be a woman who was eager for quick success, or unsociable like most writers. But it turned out that she was a humorous and elegant woman.
	She spoke and behaved in a proper manner, which made people feel comfortable.
	It was no wonder that people like Jonas had been chasing after her. But he had heard that there were twists and turns inside the story that people hadn't known.
	People engaged in this field were interested in the gossip, including Elmer, but he was a man with sense of propriety, so he wouldn't ask.
	"I've read your novel, and you may not know much about this circle. I'll tell you something in a simple way..." Elmer was surprised that Melinda could understand his words even about some professional words.
	In fact, after knowing that her work could be made into a TV play, Melinda had a specialized understanding of what would happen in making a TV play.
	"Of course, it all depends on our cooperation. Here are the specific contracts. See if you need to do any amendments."
	Though Melinda's novel was published on the Internet, it saved a lot of trouble because of the release and the copyright of the novel were all in her hand.
	She looked carefully at the contract sent by Elmer, and her brows wrinkled more and more tightly. In fact, this was a good contract, but it went against Melinda's original intention in the beginning.
	"Director Lin, I have something important to tell you,"
	Melinda said as she closed the contract. Elmer looked at her curiously. 'This contract is pretty good to a newborn writer, ' he thought.
	"I want to be involved in the production," Melinda said calmly with a serious expression. She was so dedicated to every piece of work that she didn't want to be changed or screwed.
	Now, a lot of novels had been made into soap operas, which had hurt the feelings of a lot of the novel's fans. And the result was greatly different from what they had expected.
	Not only the plots were changed, but also many aspects were changed from the original appearance. It was as if the big frame and the name of this character were used to film.
	The most important part was that this novel was about the story of Jonas and her. She didn't want to ruin it.
	Hearing this, Elmer hesitated. He had wanted to sign this contract because it was for the sake of Jonas and the audiences of the novel itself.
	If Melinda, an outsider, was involved in the production, there would inevitably be many divergence or other opinions.
	What a person most afraid of was being manipulated by someone who did not understand more than him in this circle.
	"We have a team to make it. You can rest assured," Elmer said. He had a lot of business partners who were famous in the industry, and he had even tested the opinions of the people in advance.
	He didn't expect there would be an accident at this time.
	Melinda clearly saw Elmer's embarrassed face, but she had her own insistence.
	"I trust you, but I insist on participating in the production. I know that as an outsider, I don't know much about this work, but if it is about this novel, I know it best."
	Not only her hard work, but also her life experience, every scene in it was so familiar to her.
	This was her story. Melinda didn't like it adapted by other people.
	"About this problem, you have to give me some time to think about it. Or you can check again to see if there are any other problems."
	If it was someone else, Elmer would definitely say no and think that she was arrogant. But this person was Melinda. According to his understanding just now, he knew her character generally. She did not look arrogant.
	He had to discuss this matter with his rich investor, Jonas.
	"Thank you, director Lin." Melinda didn't care about the price of the contract and just wanted to participate in and fully interpret the story.
	It was eleven o'clock and both of them put down the files in their hands.
	"I have made a reservation. Let's have lunch together," Elmer invited Melinda, and she didn't turn him down. They had lunch together and they talked about other topics. They both didn't talk about the conflicts during the meeting.
	After the meal, Melinda returned home to wait for the news of Elmer.
	After returning to his residence, Elmer also called Jonas and told him about the disagreement between them.
	Jonas was also surprised. Things were almost done, and it was Melinda who had a problem.
	"Mr. Gu, I know you have your own financial support and financial assurance, but Miss Mo is still an outsider of our circle, so she doesn't know the rules of our circle. If she rashly joins us, others will gossip about her and cause a lot of inconvenience,"
	Elmer said. Most of the people in his team had known each other for a long time. He suddenly found a not very popular novel to shoot and invited the writer in. It was strange that those people didn't gossip.
	The most troublesome thing was that he did not want Melinda to cause any loss to the team. This play was not like a novel, and it was not completed by only one person.
	It needed a team to make it.
	"Director Lin, just let her join it. I'll pay for all the losses and add thirty million for the investment," Jonas said haughtily. As long as Melinda was happy, it didn't matter how much it would cost.
	If Melinda was willing to, he could buy a film and television studio for her to work in.
	Elmer was hesitating. What Jonas offered was really amazing, but he was worried that it would do harm to his reputation.
	He didn't have such achievements until he reached his middle age and he cherished them very much.
	Jonas didn't push him, because he believed that his offer was attractive enough.
	After thinking for a long time, Elmer gritted his teeth and agreed, "Okay, I'll help Miss Mo to make the play."
	At the worst, he could spend more money in other ways, pay more celebrities and attract more attention by some stunts. Anyway, he could make up for it since he had the support of Jonas.
	"Okay. Please tell the news to her two days later,"
	Jonas said calmly. Though he had guessed such a result, in order not to arouse Melinda's suspicion, he ordered.
	If he gave her the answer directly, it would make Melinda doubt it.
	Elmer didn't understand why Jonas did this, but he would keep the task in mind.
	After returning home, Melinda was a little depressed. Thinking of the director's hesitation, she was worried that he would go back on his word because of her selfish demands.
	In fact, she was contradictory. Melinda hoped that her novel would be made into a TV play and could be under her control.
	Many famous writers' novels had been made into TV plays, and few of them had been involved in the process.
	Her condition was really embarrassing.
	"Argh... I'm so confused." Melinda held a pillow and covered it on her head. At last, she made up her mind to join in the production and not to ruin her work even if it could not be made into a TV play at last.
	But it didn't matter. There would definitely be opportunities in the future.
	Melinda began to comfort herself, but she was getting more and more anxious.
	When Jonas came back, he could feel her anxiety clearly.
	"Didn't you go to negotiate the contract today? Why do you look so sad?" Jonas put on his shoes and hung his coat on the clothes hanger. Since he often came here recently, this place almost became half of his home.
	After telling him what had happened today, Melinda finally asked cautiously, "Is my request too much?"
	As a husband who always indulged himself in protecting his wife, Jonas said that she didn't go too far.
	"You are responsible for your work. The spirit is worth praising."
	"What if the director regrets?" Melinda said sadly as she looked at Jonas.
	"Elmer is not a fool. He asked you to cooperate definitely because he thought that your novel is of high commercial value. Don't worry," Jonas said. Elmer was really not a fool. He had asked for a large sum of money from him because of Melinda's request.
	Anyway, Melinda was comforted. After having dinner with her, Jonas took her for a walk. She felt much more relaxed.
	But she got no news the next day, so she began to get nervous again. Since she didn't go to work now, she could only stay at home and let her imagination run away when she felt bored.
	It had been like this for the past three consecutive days. Melinda looked haggard. In addition, she even had a chain reaction of not eating well these days.
	Seeing this, Jonas was very anxious. He didn't know what was going on with Elmer. On this day, he made time deliberately to pick up Melinda for relaxation.
	"Do you think it's over? It has been three days without any news." No news was more suffering than being directly refused.
	On one hand, she felt there was hope, on the other hand, she was pessimistic about the result. Melinda felt like she was going to have a mental disease.
	"The longer it takes, the bigger the hope is. I'm a businessman. You should believe me," Jonas comforted her. When one didn't get an answer, it meant that the other one was in a dilemma.
	Why was he in a dilemma? It was because the request was hard to accept, but at the same time, the one was valuable to him.
	Melinda was half-convinced and half-sad, like an eggplant withered because of the frost.
	"Don't be unhappy. You said once you were unhappy, you would go eating. And I am going to take you to have a big meal today." Jonas touched Melinda's hair gently. He found a red dress from Melinda's wardrobe and let her change her clothes. This way, she finally became energetic.
	His clothes were basically black, white and grey, and sometimes light blue. Today, in order to make Melinda happy, he wore a wine red tie.
	He was born with delicate facial features and a standard triangle figure. The black shirt and wine red tie made him more flirtatious, which faded his coldness away a lot.
Chapter 257 A Celebration Party
	It was a unique restaurant, which with beautiful scenery.
	The building was similar with the building in south of the Yangtze River.
	In addition, the room was specially opened for taking photos, which were full of different scenes and special clothes. Melinda followed Jonas to go there and saw many things.
	"It's so beautiful here." Melinda praised from the bottom of her heart. The quiet atmosphere made people forget trouble. The consumption here was relatively high, so this kind of peace would not be disturbed.
	"Do you like it?"
	Jonas was recommended this restaurant by a friend before he brought Melinda here. He didn't expect that she would love this place so much.
	"Yes, let's go to take some pictures later."
	Melinda nodded her head firmly and looked at Jonas with anticipation. Since Jonas didn't like to take photos, he always wore a poker face.
	However, she liked taking pictures. She liked to use the photos to record every happy moment.
	As expected, Jonas frowned and then nodded awkwardly.
	In the photos taken here, a lot of guests could see them. Therefore, Jonas felt as if he had become a panda while being photographed there.
	Different scenes and clothes could be worn on different occasions. But he was a strong minded man to resist the temptation of clothes. As a result, Melinda didn't continue to force him.
	The store was very attentive, and there were special photographers for them to take pictures. Melinda pulled Jonas to take a lot of photos as much as they could. At this time, all the worries in their hearts were thrown far away.
	"Why is your expression and action the same as a statue?" She turned around and winked playfully at Jonas.
	"It's all your daddy's fault. Mommy didn't mean to get angry." Said Melinda as he looked at her, who instantly covered her belly with hands and squatted down.
	He followed, squatted down, and held her in his arms. He placed his hand on her lower abdomen, so close to her ear. The hot air spread over her ear when he spoke, making her face instantly blush.
	"I'm sorry, honey. I was wrong."
	His voice was a little hoarse, but full of tenderness. Hearing the word "dear", she almost fell down. She felt lucky that she was squatting.
	The photographer quickly took several photos.
	After such a fuss, Melinda was not so tensed at last, as Jonas also comforted her during the meal.
	Since he had a lot of work to do in the company, it was rare for him to have stayed with Melinda for such a long time. As a result, Jonas turned off his mobile phone. He didn't expect that William and other secretaries called Melinda directly.
	"Go ahead with your work. I'm really fine." She was a little guilty since Jonas was very busy at work every day. She didn't help him, and she shouldn't make him worry about her.
	Jonas kept what William had done in mind and Take turns, went back to the company until he sent Melinda home. If it is possible, he would bring her directly to the company.
	But he can't do that.
	As soon as she opened the door, she saw a package being stuffed into the house.
	"Who is it from?" She hung up the key and picked up the parcel while changing her shoes.
	When she found that the person was Elmer, her heartbeat began to accelerate a little. Her hands continued to tremble on the package. At last, she closed her eyes and opened them fiercely.
	Melinda received a contract from Elmer. The contract had been changed and it was stamped on. The contract would come into force as long as Melinda signed it.
	"Wow, director Lin agreed! That's great!"
	She put the document on the coffee table and sat on the carpet. When she looked through the contract carefully and was sure that he had really agreed to her request, she was still shocked.
	Guessing that the document would be sent to Melinda soon, Elmer made a call specifically.
	"I wish us a happy cooperation in advance. Remember to send one contract back." He said in a teasing tone. Only then did she have a real feeling.
	"Thank you, director Lin. you can rest assured that I won't let you down."
	She would try her best to cooperate with him to fully perform this piece of work. During the process, Elmer muttered to himself, "No matter what, your man will take the responsibility."
	"Okay, I'll inform you when everything is done. But the script might be changed." The length of the novel was very long and some of them must be deleted.
	The sword essence was the only thing that could be left. Besides, other scriptwriters and Amelia had been arranged by Melissa. They didn't refuse the script. It was a huge amount of work for one person.
	She didn't want to ruin the story line. It's not interesting at all.
	Hanging up the phone, she shared the good news with Jonas the first time and asked him to celebrate at her home in the evening.
	There are many delicious foods that Melinda can't eat recently. But she had prepared fruit wine and asked the servant to prepare a celebration with hot pot.
	This was her favorite way of celebrating.
	Seeing this, Emma frowned again. But she couldn't bear to spoil her good mood, so she said nothing at last.
	"I'm going to throw a party in the Gu's mansion, Linda." She poured a glass of fruit wine for him. The fragrance of the wine perfectly mixed with the smell of the fruit.
	It seemed that she was a little drunk even before she took a sip.
	"A party?"
	Melinda repeated his words in confusion. Melinda didn't understand why he wanted to that. After taking the glass from her hand and putting it on the table, Jonas drew her to sit down on the chair.
	"Yes. I'll have a party and do an advertising for you by the way." What he wanted was simple.
	Since he was preparing for her TV drama, he had to let more people know that with his status in the business circle of A City, he could even make a good influence for Melinda by then.
	Anyone with discerning eyes would probably take part in the play actively.
	This was also discussed with Elmer, the other's attitude was lingering.
	"I don't think so."
	She didn't like pursuing fame and fortune. It was totally unnecessary. Moreover, a party in the Gu's mansion, those people were mostly aimed at the Gu family, not her.
	"I think it's necessary. Listen to me."
	"I just think it's too much of a hassle. Besides, we just signed the contract. We haven't made any preparation yet." she said resignedly.
	She felt that she shouldn't talk about that with other peoples right now, and meanwhile, she had a feeling of showing off.
	"Don't worry about it. Let me handle it. You should believe me now." Jonas said in a spoiled manner. It was all under his plan.
	Since he had decided to make her famous completely, he had thought of a variety of methods.
	This was just one part of the plan.
	"You are already very busy. Don't worry about such trifles." She still had some hesitation in her heart, and she worried about Jonas.
	He seemed to be unable to finish his work everyday, which was enough for him. Her novel was going to be turned into a TV drama to celebrate in private.
	"You don't have to worry about this matter. You just need to be the leading role at that time. Don't worry. I won't be tired. I still have to take care of you and our baby."
	Jonas's imperiousness disappeared in an instant, and he said to Melinda softly and tenderly. His deep eyes, like the stars, were so attractive to people who fell in love with them.
	After thinking for a while, she nodded and said, "it's really not important. Just leave it to someone else."
	She certainly couldn't do it well, but she didn't want to make it hard on Jonas In the end, she thought it was better to let his assistants to do it.
	She worried him, which made Jonas very happy. He habitually stretched out his hand to rub her hair, a satisfactory smile appearing at the corners of his mouth. "You're so good."
	Melinda was embarrassed, but the feeling of being pampered made her feel that she had been immersed in happiness all day.
	Jonas paid great attention to this party, and it took a lot of time just to arrange the decoration of the Gu mansion. For this party, William, who was more familiar with the Gu mansion, was in charge of it.
	They even sent the invitation letter after the time was set. It was striking enough. Gu's mansion which was not easy to get in.
	The upper class were all excited, especially to those young girls.
	It was Jonas who invited them!
	These excited people didn't know that all of this was only prepared for the sweet love of Jonas.
	The party was set on weekend. Since Jonas had to entertain guests at home, he could only send a driver to pick up Melinda.
	All this could only prove that Gu family was too eye-catching. Even at the party at night, there were people coming to Gu family in the afternoon.
	She had been nervous since yesterday. As the party was about to start, she was so nervous that she could almost walk with her left hand and left foot at the same time. She was even more flustered when she didn't see Jonas.
	"Where is Jonas?" Jonas only said she would be picked up at this hour, but he didn't say it wasn't him, which disappointed her a lot.
	"Mr. Gu is receiving guests. He told me to come and pick up you, my lady."
	Said the driver, confused. He wondered if lady Melinda was going to the party in this way? She was wearing simple clothes, with her hair a little messy, which was the same as usual.
	She was dressed casually without any makeup on her face.
	The driver kept thinking about those people with heavy make-up. 'If Mrs. Gu looks so simple, she will be less attractive than those people?'
	But he didn't need to care about it.
	Melinda didn't notice that her appearance was not at all decent. She was only nervous at that moment. As soon as she got in the car and thought that she was about to arrive at the Gu mansion, she could not help but grab her bag tightly.
	The driver led her through a special door so that she would not meet the guests ahead. 
Chapter 258 The Party
	There were many guests in the main villa of the Gu's mansion today. The few villas nearby were the rest area, while the villa where Melinda and Jonas lived before was a restricted area.
	Without the consent of Jonas, no one was allowed to come in except for Melinda, even if Nelson and Queena gave the same treatment to her.
	The driver sent Melinda to the villa and went to help. After some discussion with several cooperative partners, Jonas also ran to the back side.
	All the clothes on him were customized in private. Today's suit was made of sapphire blue, bringing a sense of dignity. The watch on his wrist and the simple cuffs showed this man's identity.
	He looked at Melinda with a faint smile in his obsidian eyes, and his hair was arranged meticulously.
	In comparison to Jonas's clothes, Melinda looked too casual.
	She pulled her clothes awkwardly. The smile at the corners of her mouth went down to a straight line.
	"I knew you would forget," Jonas said reluctantly. Just now the driver told him that the young lady looked very nervous.
	"I'm sorry," Melinda said guiltily, cursing herself for being so embarrassed on such an important occasion.
	It was an important place for her arranged by Jonas, but she ignored it.
	Noticing the remorseful look on her face, Jonas realized that Melinda was sensitive and he'd better not hide his true feelings in front of her, or she would make blind and disorderly conjectures again.
	"You don't have to say sorry. I've told you I'll take care of everything. You don't need to worry about it. It's the same with the dress and style."
	Jonas gently stretched out his hand and led Melinda into the room.
	It was a bright red evening dress, shining with charm. It was the same elaborate design as Jonas's.
	The words 'couple suit' flashed through her mind. Melinda looked at Jonas and asked him in silence.
	"Do you like it?" Jonas asked openly, not feeling embarrassed at all. This evening dress was specially designed by him for Linda.
	The main hue of royal red was quite complicated with complicated patterns. It could be seen only in the light. Design with waisted design, the design of the part of her belly was particular and must be in a variety of materials. In this way, the design could skillfully cover her belly, without making her feel uncomfortable.
	"Yes, I do." Melinda nodded without hesitation, with a liking to the dress in her eyes. Touching the dress, she felt that the cloth was more exquisite.
	The clothes looked heavy, but when she wore it, she found it very light and comfortable.
	"You will be the leading lady tonight, will you be too popular?"
	said Jonas as he looked closely at Melinda's face. She was so beautiful in an evening dress. What was more, she needed a beautiful make-up and a beautiful hairstyle.
	And all this was arranged by Jonas from the beginning. The dresser and stylist had been waiting for Melinda in the next room.
	It was a long and tedious process for her. When Jonas saw Melinda again, he couldn't help feeling surprised as if she had turned into another person.
	He personally selected all of these things, including the makeup and hairstyle. At that time, he only thought they were suitable for Melinda, but now he discovered that she was really stunning after all these.
	The red dress set off her fair skin like milk, showing the beauty of a curve perfectly. The light make-up made Melinda's features more elegant, full of fairy spirit.
	A few curly hair fell on her forehead and the rest were loosely folded up at the back of her head with several pearl flowers in them. Her red lips were tempting to pick.
	The ocean blue necklace was hung on her elegant and slender swan neck, like the tears of the sea.
	Still a little nervous, Melinda looked at Jonas nervously with a pair of misty big eyes. She was so shy that she tidied up her hair. "Is that okay?" she asked.
	"You are very beautiful,"
	Jonas praised her from the bottom of his heart and regretted. He didn't want other people to see her beauty and he even had the urge to take her back to her room.
	"Jonas."
	This man really made her embarrassed. There were still a few people looking at them. The people hired by Jonas covered their mouths and snickered. Yet the warm eyes of Jonas just now were cold when seeing them.
	They just shrunk their necks and left the room obediently, leaving them alone.
	Jonas could no longer suppress himself. He went up and kissed Melinda on the lips. His action was eager and gentle. She had wanted to resist, but eventually she was immersed in such tenderness.
	"Jonas," Melinda whined, and then Jonas's action was no longer gentle. Obviously, she felt his passion.
	Melinda also felt that, and she suddenly panicked. Tears fell from the corners of her eyes, instantly blocking the movement of Jonas.
	He rested his forehead on Melinda's shoulder to calm himself down.
	"I'm sorry, Linda."
	It was he who didn't control himself. Melinda looked at the clock on the wall, and then at the man who was in great desire. She hesitated for a long time, and finally opened her mouth, "Maybe I can help you."
	Many people gathered in the garden outside the main villa. The party was open-air, and most of them were holding wine glasses, seeking cooperation opportunities.
	Elmer and several partners were there too. At this time, a lot of people gathered around them.
	The party of Jonas invited many people in the entertainment circle, which made many people confused.
	"There are a lot of people in the entertainment circle coming today. Why does Jonas hold the party?"
	"I have no idea. Is Gu family ready to enter film and television industry?"
	a boss of the movie industry said with a touch of sadness in his eyes. Many people knew how ruthless Jonas was.
	If he really wanted to enter the film and television industry, they wouldn't be as happy as now.
	"We'll know later. Take it easy," another one said. Director Lin, who was standing not far from them, smiled when he heard his words.
	No matter how they speculated, they would never think that the reason why Jonas did so was just for one person.
	Aron and his son also attended the party, including those shareholders. They had no idea what exactly Jonas was going to do.
	It was also because of this that they felt more suffering in their hearts.
	"Mr. Aron, do you know what he is going to do? It's an unprovoked party. Why did he invite so many people here?" one of the shareholders asked with great anxiety.
	It was so weird. First of all, Jonas didn't look like the person who would hold a party and the place was in Gu's mansion.
	"I don't know either. We'll wait and see," Aron said impatiently. His nephew was getting out of control. Now he was in a mess in the company, and he was not very optimistic.
	"Isn't that Emily? Why is she here?"
	someone exclaimed and all eyes turned to the door. Emily was wearing a tight skirt with the floor length, a strapless design, and the cleavage line was partly hidden and partly visible.
	Emily's dressing style was different from before. Ever since her pure and innocent image collapsed, Emily had been more unpredictable.
	She was dressed gorgeous and delicately made up. There were many brightly designed clothes, and her dress was in red!
	It was a dress that stole the show. She was familiar with this place and she acted like that here was a grand occasion for her.
	For a moment, everyone began to whisper in their hearts.
	"Is this party held by Jonas for Emily?" someone couldn't help but ask, and many people knew the story between Jonas and Emily.
	"Wow, he is still trying so hard to support her even she is a mess now. He is really loving her." Some people didn't believe it and there were different opinions for a while, but many people believed that this party was probably held for Emily.
	"Long time no see, Miss Bai. You look much more beautiful now." A man went straight to Emily and tried to accost her, but he was guessing what was happening.
	"Thank you," Emily said arrogantly. She did not accept the wine that the man handed, but slowly organized her bag, and then picked up the wine glass in the waiter's hand.
	The man's face was full of embarrassment, and many people around him burst into laughter.
	"She really takes herself seriously! Disgusting,"
	someone said as he saw that, but what Emily did made more people believe that Jonas was going to make her back to the entertainment circle.
	For a moment, Emily had become the focus of the party, with so many people surrounding her, which made her feel very proud.
	However, the triumph didn't last long. After quietly packing, Melinda and Jonas appeared hand in hand in everyone's sight.
	Although the party was open-air, many activities were conducted in the hall.
	There was a small stage inside the hall. Melinda was still very nervous. Standing beside Jonas, she even didn't know where to put her hands.
	Seeing that, Jonas held her hands and gave her a comforting smile. He leaned to her ear and whispered in a low voice, "Don't be nervous. I'm here."
	'I'm here.'
	His simple words comforted Melinda a lot. She tried to calm down, stood beside him with a smile on her face.
	The guests entered the hall one after another. When they saw Melinda and Jonas standing by the stage, they were shocked and dared not say anything.
	"Young master, it's about time." A servant came over and reminded him. The party was very casual, and the host of it was handed over to Gavin directly.
	Although Gavin was the butler, he was Nelson's favorite servant. Everyone knew that.
	They behaved well while Gavin was speaking. Gavin blurted out a few opening remarks and handed the stage to Jonas, who stood next to Melinda. 
Chapter 259 The Heroine
	The arrogant Emily was just like a clown in the corner now, making people laugh.
	Emily's face grew paler, and her eyes were almost like knife filled as she looked at Melinda.
	She also had no idea why Jonas held the party, or it could be said that she was not qualified to come here at all. It took her a lot of effort to get the invitation.
	Jonas stood tall and clear in the royal blue suit, which made him look mysterious and dignified. And Melinda, who stood beside him, was petite.
	When they stood together, people felt that they were well matched.
	Melinda had a gentle appearance. When she stood beside the cold Jonas, she seemed to soften him a little bit.
	Their clasped hands seemed to be whispering something.
	The audience were all worldly wise, and many of them knew the identity of Melinda as Jonas's ex-wife, but standing here now made them feel that she was not simple.
	"First, thank you for coming to this party." Jonas held the microphone and looked around. The invisible pressure soon spread to everyone's heart.
	He was just the center of attention. As soon as he appeared, he drew many people's attention. He was the center of attention, and the eyes of Melinda were filled with infatuation with him.
	'This is the man I love. I feel stressed to stand beside him. It seems that I'm not excellent enough to stand beside him.'
	"I believe that many people are curious about why I held this party tonight." When Jonas said it again, he unexpectedly turned to look at Melinda and showed a comforting smile at the corners of his mouth.
	Many people under the stage felt choked. The public display of affection was so shocking. Was it real when Jonas was so gentle?
	Was the man on the stage the real Jonas?
	"I don't want to keep you in suspense. Linda is a novelist, and her novel has been paid attention to by Director Elmer and he is going to turn it into a TV play. That's why I invite you all to celebrate it."
	Hearing this, people burst into an uproar. It turned out that this was the purpose of the party, and it was only a simple celebration for Melinda.
	Elmer was surrounded by a lot of people who couldn't wait to get the first-hand news.
	"I hope all of you can support the TV play when it is on. Help yourself now," said Jonas, with his hands holding Melinda's all the time.
	Though Melinda did not say a word, everyone knew that this woman was now held in the palm of the hands of Jonas and they wanted to flatter her.
	Thinking of Melinda's status in the Gu family and how she had been bullied, everyone sighed, 'The world is inconstant.'
	Without further ado, Jonas turned off the microphone and gave it to a waiter aside. He took the hand of Melinda and went off the stage. There was music on the spot and many people went to the dance floor to dance.
	As soon as he appeared, a lot of people surrounded him. Worried that Melinda did not like this kind of occasion, Jonas gestured to them. He lowered his head and said to Melinda, "Do you want to find a place to have a rest?"
	"I'm fine. Don't worry. This is your place."
	Melinda winked her eyes, which made Jonas smile. He wanted to touch her hair but found it out depressingly that her hair had been done today. He couldn't ruin it.
	His hand finally fell on Melinda's cheek. He pinched it slightly, but he was not even willing to use too much strength.
	"Okay. Be careful and go back to rest if you feel uncomfortable. This is also your place," said Jonas. Then Melinda smiled to the group of people waiting for him, turned around and walked outside.
	There were so many people in the room, and the air was not very good. There was also a strong smell of alcohol, which made Melinda feel uncomfortable.
	The Gu's mansion was located in a relatively remote location. As it was at night, there were still some stars in the night sky. Melinda looked up at the sky, and smiled when she thought of all things that Jonas had done.
	Melinda didn't eat much that night. There was a special meal in the kitchen for her, which made her want to eat.
	She took a small plate with dessert, the red evening dress was very eye-catching.
	Not far away, Emily was looking at her with jealousy. All that happened today should belong to her.
	Just now, she also heard what Jonas said by the side, and she did not expect that Melinda would also come to the entertainment circle one day.
	This was her circle.
	While thinking of this, Emily moved closer to Melinda unconsciously. There were only two persons who were dressed so wildly tonight, one was Melinda and the other was Emily.
	When she approached, many people gathered around to watch.
	"Melinda." Emily approached her and shouted in an arrogant tone, but her jealousy could not be hidden. The dress that Melinda was wearing were hand-made by a famous foreign designer. Even in the peak of her career, Emily could not obtain one.
	Just as Melinda was picking some food, a shout came from behind and she recognized the voice.
	The gentleness on her face disappeared in an instant. When she turned to look at Emily, there was a sneer on her lips.
	Melinda was taller than Emily. However, she wore flat shoes because of her pregnancy, which could not be noticed by careful people. While Emily wore high heels. At this moment, she looked at Melinda from a disdainful sight.
	"What's up?" After such a long time, she and Jonas gradually settled down, but Emily was always a shadow in her heart, and as soon as she appeared, nothing good would happen.
	"It's a good chance for the old friends to catch up, isn't it?" Emily had an evil and charming smile on the corner of her mouth and a cold look in her beautiful eyes. Melinda frowned and stepped back. However, she touched the table behind her.
	She froze and then stood aside.
	"The smell of your perfume makes me want to vomit. Stay away from me, please." Melinda's words were from the bottom of her heart. She didn't say that because she was Emily, but because of the strong scent of Emily's perfume.
	She hadn't vomited for a long time, and she didn't miss this feeling at all.
	Emily's face suddenly grew dark. Melinda was simply too arrogant.
	"Linda, even if you hate me, you can't do this to me. You're really heartbreaking," said Emily, wiping away the tears that did not even exist in the corner of her eyes.
	Seeing them standing together, many people couldn't help glancing at them.
	Melinda didn't want to talk to Emily at all. Seeing that Emily began to feel wronged, she could not help standing a little further.
	Emily used such technique often and committed some unwarranted charges on her.
	"Since you know you are annoying, then don't appear in front of me. I'm curious how you came in tonight,"
	Melinda said as she looked at Emily with cold eyes. She believed that Jonas was not silly enough to give the invitation to Emily. Would he want to create conflict between them?
	Emily's face was frozen, and then she said confidently, "It was Jonas who invited me here."
	She could not show her embarrassment in front of Melinda.
	"Oh, really? I told Jonas not to irritate you. Why didn't he listen?" Melinda said, pretending to be annoyed. Everybody could say these words.
	Hearing that, Emily's face darkened.
	No matter what Melinda said was true or not, she still felt very uncomfortable.
	"I heard that your novel will be shot into a TV series, right?"
	Emily asked, raising her eyebrows. She still couldn't believe that such a good thing had happened to Melinda.
	With a gentle smile, Melinda couldn't help but place her hand on her lower abdomen.
	This was what she always did recently no matter what kind of mood she was in.
	"If you are not deaf, you should have heard it clearly,"
	Melinda said. She was the heroine of tonight's party. This was her place and she had enough confidence, so she didn't need to be afraid of Emily.
	The corner of Emily's mouth was going to twist because of anger. Melinda was getting more and more difficult to deal with.
	"Congratulations!" Emily said hypocritically. Melinda accepted it calmly, but her hand could not help but put on her nose.
	Emily just calmed down, and now she was irritated again. She couldn't help thinking of what Melinda had said in the beginning.
	"Thank you." No matter what had happened, Melinda couldn't lose her manners.
	Although Emily was smiling now, she must be extremely angry in her heart. When her life was about to fall into a valley, Melinda was on a higher position.
	"Although I don't like you very much, I'm still interested in the leading role of the TV play,"
	Emily said provocatively. Melinda felt sick when she heard that. It was a great insult to her work to have Emily to act her role.
	At this moment, she was glad that she asked to participate in the making. If someone really chose Emily, she would be the first one to object.
	"Miss Bai, you are so funny." Melinda covered her mouth with a hand and smiled. Then she continued in a challenging tone, "I heard that you don't even have one work now."
	'An actress, who didn't even have one role, wants to take part in the shooting of the TV series? It's a joke!' she thought.
	But she couldn't say it in a direct way. Melinda was very clear that this circle had a lot of dirty deals. She could see that from the fact that Emily could get into the party.
	Emily was irritated and was about to lose her temper. But before she could do it, Jonas walked up to Melinda and naturally held her hand with one hand.
	"Why are you standing here?" He asked gently. His eyes were full of Melinda. Emily was not even as good as a furnishing.
	Seeing the worry on the face of Jonas, Melinda smiled and said, "I'm having a catch-up with my old friend."
	Melinda's words were quite ironic. They would never be friends, and it was better to be enemies.
	"Are you finished?" Leaning against Jonas, she asked in a calm voice and looked at Emily indifferently as if it was a provocation.
Chapter 260 Meddle Too Much
	"I've been busy with these things every day and seldom have time to relax. Let's dance together." Jonas looked at Melinda with a smile, which seldom appeared on his face. Many people felt that they were dazzled when they saw his tenderness.
	Emily was like a third wheel. She clenched her teeth in anger as she saw their interaction.
	Half of Melinda's body was leaning on Jonas, and now the half-bent man stood in front of her. The smile in his eyes made her feel that she was the happiest person in the world.
	"Okay." Melinda put her hand on the hand of Jonas. The two of them smiled happily, and his hands carefully fell on the waist of her and led her to the dance floor in front of them.
	Both of them entered the hall, which attracted many people's attention. Many people left a space for them to dance. Melinda seldom danced, and so did Jonas. They had danced no more than three times, but they had an indescribable tacit understanding.
	It seemed that they knew what to do as long as the other was there.
	Emily stood in the same place and was like a joke. Everyone paid attention to the two dancing people on the dancing floor, and their eyes fell on her, too.
	Their sympathy and disdain were like branded in Emily's heart which made her feel so depressed.
	The elegant smile on her face was gone, and the people surrounding her dispersed, avoiding her like a plague.
	Emily had been to the upper class for a long time, but she didn't know how to feel when she was the one in the center of the vortex.
	She wanted to give vent to it, but she couldn't. She wanted to hide her feelings, but she felt uncomfortable.
	Because Melinda was pregnant, the music tonight was soothing. Even the dancing steps gave out a sense of ease and elegance.
	However, Melinda, one of the protagonists in these people's eyes, began to drift away.
	The tacit dance steps of the beginning were gone. She stepped on the shoes of Jonas now and then. Fortunately, she was not wearing high-heeled shoes today. Otherwise, the consequences could be imagined.
	"What's wrong? Did Emily say something to you?" Jonas asked anxiously as his smile faded.
	Just now, when he saw Emily standing next to Melinda, he began to worry that she would make up stories again.
	Just now, seeing that Melinda looked normal, he felt secretly relieved. Now he realized that perhaps it was not as simple as he thought.
	Looking at his nervous appearance, Melinda couldn't help smiling. She hid all her worries in the bottom of her heart and gave a smile to Jonas.
	"It's okay. I don't trust her now. Not even a punctuation," Melinda joked. She bowed her head and looked down at her toes, without looking at Jonas in the eyes.
	Melinda didn't want to bother Jonas with such a trivial matter, so she told him everything briefly.
	It was true that her expression wouldn't change a bit when she heard what Emily said, but she knew deep down in her heart.
	After the dance, many women looked at Jonas and wanted to invite him to dance with them. They couldn't help glancing at Melinda next to him.
	The expression in their eyes could never be regarded as friendly. If the expressions in their eyes could be transformed into real knives, Melinda would have been dead already.
	She looked a little tired. Just now, Jonas invited Melinda to dance in order to take her away from Emily. At this time, he directly took her to the rest area.
	"I'll go get you something," said Jonas. He didn't think his behavior was strange at all.
	Looking at the eyes of the people around her as if they were predators, Melinda could not help swallowing, and then said hesitantly, "No need."
	With so many people present, she thought it would be a disaster for her to be served by Jonas.
	Since Jonas had no idea of her worries, he looked at her confusedly. Melinda seemed to be looking around, and he didn't insist. He thought she didn't like these things.
	"These buffet is not fresh enough for you. I will ask the cook to prepare something you like," Jonas said as he frowned. He thought that it was not troublesome at all, but Melinda was embarrassed.
	Sometimes, Jonas was so obsessive with her. When he fed her, he would never consider that she didn't want to eat but just felt that she didn't like it.
	Melinda was helpless, so she directly said, "I don't want to eat anything now. I just want to sit down and have a rest."
	She had been very nervous in the past few days. What happened to her these days, along with Emily just now, made her feel like on pins and needles. She wouldn't even be able to eat. But she wouldn't tell Jonas about it.
	Hearing this, Jonas sat down next to Melinda. It was simple that he wanted to stay with her.
	Thinking of that Melinda was in a bad mood because of Emily just now, Jonas felt guilty. It was his negligence.
	In this banquet, although Melinda was the main character, she only appeared for a while. Soon, she was quiet in a corner. Even so, more and more people noticed her.
	Since Jonas cared so much about her, they should be very careful.
	Nelson was old, so the party wasn't delayed for a long time. The party was over at 8 or 9 pm.
	"Grandpa, it's late now. I should go back." Before Jonas went to greet other people, he let Melinda keep Nelson's company. Naturally, a tough person like Emily would not dare to challenge Nelson.
	As soon as she said she was going to leave, Nelson was unwilling. He said, "It's late. You can stay here tonight."
	"Yes, it's getting late," Queena spoke up and gave a hint to Jonas with her eyes.
	Seeing the stubbornness in Melinda's eyes, he sighed silently in his heart and said, "I'll take Linda home."
	"No, you don't need to do that. You've been tired enough to have been through a hard day. The driver can send me back," Melinda said. She was glad that Jonas now knew how to think of her rather than to wait for the elders to make her compromise.
	However, since Melinda insisted, Jonas said, "Either stay here, or I drive you home."
	Melinda touched her nose embarrassedly, and then said, "Well, you can drive me home."
	Both of them made a concession. Nelson was also worried about the safety of Jonas. At last, he arranged a driver for them, and it would take them about an hour to arrive at Melinda's house.
	Jonas thought Melinda would fall asleep, but when he saw the expression on her face, she still looked like she had something on her mind.
	"Linda,"
	Jonas called out when Melinda was about to walk to the corridor where Melinda stopped and looked at him suspiciously.
	He just smiled, and then went to the side of Melinda and said softly, "Have a good rest, if you have anything worried, remember to tell me."
	He didn't ask her directly, but told her in this way that he had been there all the time.
	Melinda bit her lips and walked towards the corridor without saying anything.
	Back to the bedroom, just as Melinda was about to pull the curtain, she found the car downstairs had not left yet. It seemed that there was a telepathy between them. Jonas looked up.
	Even though he was very far away from her, Melinda could feel the tenderness in his eyes.
	Melinda shook her head and quickly drew the curtain. As usual, she prepared herself a cup of milk, washed her face and lay on bed.
	However, as long as there was something on her mind, she couldn't fall asleep. What Emily had said to her kept resounding in her mind the whole night. Although she had comforted herself countless times in her heart, she still could not help but worry about it.
	Emily was capable of doing things by hook or by crook.
	What should she do to solve this problem? The requirements for being part in the making process last time had already made it difficult for the director. If she also interfered with the casting, would the director overthink about it?
	The more Melinda thought, the more chaotic the mess in her mind. She tossed and turned, unable to fall asleep.
	Though she had her eyes closed, she was still sober.
	The next morning, Melinda's eyes were black rims. She was in low spirits.
	She really couldn't come up with a solution, because this circle was too messy, and she didn't know which path Emily would take, and there was no way to stop her.
	After thinking for a while, Melinda called the director.
	For this matter, Melinda couldn't speak out directly. She hemmed and hawed with the director for a long time and didn't get to the point.
	"Director, I hope you can choose some actors like heroes in novels. This book is very important to me and I hope you can understand it."
	She finally put it mildly. Emily's appearance and inside were totally incompatible with the novel. If he chose Emily, he would disrespect the original book, which would also ruin it.
	At that time, Melinda would be sad. Her fans would feel bad too. She didn't want that kind of thing to happen.
	The director was not happy to hear that. Melinda had intended to interfere in the making at first, and now she had wanted to give directions to the casting.
	Any director would think that he was doubted.
	But he couldn't express his unhappiness in front of her. To put it bluntly, although he was a famous director, the shot was not by him alone. Jonas had the decision making right.
	"Don't worry. I will take good care of this," the director said in confidence. He was not a fool. This play was not short of investment, and naturally the actor would be chose fairly.
	Furthermore, making a novel into a TV play often had risks. In consideration to the image of the roles in the novel, they had to take caution in casting.
	The first one was that actors' appearance should be in line with the original image, and the second one was their acting skills.
	Deep down, the director was not so reckless to hire several random people to destroy his reputation.
	Melinda sensed the uneasiness in the director's tone and realized that her attitude was probably misleading.
	She felt helpless, but it was also because of the director's words that she was a little relieved. 
Chapter 261 Dignity
	The director felt confused, but he could only bear it. More and more people came to inquire about the news of the TV series after Jonas spread the news.
	Smart people all knew that it was a good chance, and Emily was not willing to let it go.
	That day, she was so focused on Melinda and Jonas that she didn't know which director was their partner.
	However, Emily was not afraid of that. Her only purpose was to be the heroine, no matter what price she had to pay. She felt happy as long as she could make Melinda feel sick
	It was an exciting event in the entertainment circle. A lot of wine parties were held there.
	Emily sneaked into these parties. In this party, the vice director who had been cooperating with Elmer for a long time who could talk to Elmer or let people make friends with Elmer.
	He was likely to be the target of many people of tonight's party.
	And Emily was the same. Today she was not as high-profile as before, but she was not bad. She was a woman who wanted to show her beauty all the time.
	There were a lot of flattery around that person, and Emily couldn't squeeze in. She looked around, and many people said that Elmer would also come to the party tonight, but different from them.
	Elmer was in a private room with several partners, so she couldn't see him outside.
	However, Emily did not give up. She looked around from time to time. People came and went at the party. Everyone began to develop their social network with a smile.
	There were too many people in the party. Whether they could get a role depended on their luck. They might as well take an opportunity to seek the future.
	"Director Liu, long time no see." Emily finally found a chance and walked up to the director. Director Liu looked at Emily and knew everything clearly.
	Many people came to see him tonight just to cotton up with him like Emily.
	However, there was a slight difference between Emily and others' politeness. Even though this woman was so abject, the arrogance that did not suit her still existed.
	Emily was wearing a black tight strapless long dress, showing her perfect body. Her makeup was retro, and her red lips seemed to be seductive.
	No one would deny that Emily was a stunner.
	Not only her look, but also her temper was so hot.
	Of course, Director Liu heard all these from others. He knew that Emily disdained to cooperate with directors like him before, so she stressed a "vice" on purpose every time when they met.
	But now, she had to turn to him for help. It sounded better.
	"Isn't that Miss Bai? You look much prettier now." Director Liu was also a slid guy. No matter what he was thinking, a bright smile appeared on his face.
	Emily was accustomed to these compliments, and she knew that he was just being polite, smiling.
	"I'm wondering if Director Liu is available to have a talk with me." Emily came straight to the point, her eyes proud.
	Director Liu was a sly fox. He was clear about Emily's purpose upon hearing it. He experienced such a situation tonight for many times and always refused with ease.
	However, he was a little surprised by Emily. This was a popular TV play. But did she forget what happened in the past?
	"Please go ahead, Miss Bai," Director Liu said. Emily pointed to a dark corridor not far away where no one would go due to the dim light.
	Director Liu took a look, and then nodded, he was more curious about what attractive conditions Emily could give.
	Emily followed Director Liu to a corner, and then showed her chips. At the sight of the key, Director Liu's eyes lit up. She was a person who had been shut out of the company, but this person had the greater attraction than anyone else.
	"As the vice director of the TV series, isn't it normal to recommend an actress to the director? Director Liu, why do you care so much?" Emily saw that he was obviously interested, but still did not open his mouth, she could not help but feel a little anxious.
	Director Liu calmed down. It was no big deal for him to recommend an actress. The most important thing was that Emily was quite confident in this role. He felt a little scared.
	'If Emily blames on me once she doesn't get the role, my reputation will be ruined.'
	"Miss Bai is such an excellent woman. You are qualified to take part in the audition," Director Liu said with a smile.
	After all, he was a sly old fox. However, Emily could do nothing about it, and she did not speak ambiguously for fear he would not be willing to help.
	"Everything will be fine as long as you let me meet the director," said Emily. Director Liu hesitantly said yes, but he didn't tell the specific time to meet Emily.
	Not wanting to be tricked, Emily said directly, "I heard that Director Lin is here today."
	Director Liu felt embarrassed to conceal the fact since he had received the bribes from her. Moreover, the news had been exposed.
	"Yes, he is drinking with his friends in that room. I will take you with me later," Director Liu said. Emily smiled with satisfaction. This man finally began to do the right thing.
	"It doesn't matter. How about we have dinner tomorrow night?" Emily said. She thought that his preparation was not enough tonight. Director Liu didn't say anything, but acquiesced in Emily's order. After all, he had received the bribes from her.
	Tonight, a wise person would find that the atmosphere between Emily and Director Liu was very harmonious. Director Liu even introduced Emily to many people.
	Now Emily had no more position in his career and Director Liu's flattery didn't do him any good. It was so obvious that they were scheming something.
	Director Liu didn't want to have a long delay. He said to Director Lin about it and he would go to meet him with Emily after his friends left.
	By that time, he would be totally drunk. Hence, something would be easily achieved. His plan was quite clever.
	In the end, Emily did not choose to delay. The priority of this matter was to arrive first. If she was late for a day, her role would be taken away by others.
	She heard that many people were thinking about it.
	All cooperation in the entertainment field was business by table. Emily's drinking capacity was not bad, and she had made full preparations. Then she would drink wine to chat and naturally get the heroine.
	Director Liu was just a bridge in the middle, so the result of their discussion had nothing to do with him.
	Emily was also excited. She had spent a lot of price in exchange for this opportunity, and she must grasp it hard. She did not believe that she could not get this role with her own methods.
	Thinking of this, Emily felt a little better. The party was still going on. She quietly left with Director Liu from a small door aside. The hotel was very large. They walked for a long time before they stopped in front of a box.
	"Let's go. Director Lin is inside. I'm only responsible for the introduction. You can handle the rest." It was a hotel that thought highly of privacy. Emily walked into the box with her head down.
	A man was lying on the sofa with a cigarette in his hand. The table hadn't been cleaned yet. Seeing the messy table, she could guess what had happened just now.
	Director Liu came to Director Lin without any hesitation. He noticed that there was still a cup of tea on the table, smoke curling up, but the pleasant smell was concealed gradually.
	"There are a lot of people today. Are you drunk?" He greeted Elmer warmly and asked. Elmer opened his eyes and squinted at him. He was supposed to let him drink for him today, but unexpectedly he escaped and went out for a banquet.
	Emily was stunned when she saw Elmer.
	She would never be unfamiliar with the person. She would never have thought that the director that Melinda was working with would be this person. If all the previous assumptions were not valid, then things might become troublesome.
	Director Liu, who greeted with Elmer, didn't notice her unusual behavior. After a few words, he said naturally, "I've gained something at the cocktail party. I want to recommend a person to you."
	While speaking, he moved aside so that Elmer could see Emily behind him. When their eyes met, Elmer's face changed and he gave a brittle laugh.
	Emily couldn't help but clench her bag tightly. In her eyes, Elmer was just a shadow of her. She once tried hard but failed to hook up with him.
	Why would Melinda cooperate with this man?
	The more Emily thought about it, the more unwilling she was. Emily's face began to twist. Director Liu saw the bad look on Emily's face and looked at them perplexedly, wondering how to smooth it over.
	"Your taste in casting is getting worse and worse. Which part of her is like the character? Do you want the novel's fans to laugh at you by recommending this kind of actress?" Elmer denied Emily directly. He thought that Emily was a perfect match for that evil role in the play.
	But he didn't like this woman, so he was unwilling to give her even an unimportant role in the play.
	Being humiliated like this, an unpleasant memory welled up in Emily's mind in an instant. Looking at him with a pale face, she was wondering whether to forget everything that had happened in the past in order to get the role.
	However, it turned out that Emily thought too much. Elmer didn't give her the chance to say anything. He opened the door directly and asked a waiter to take her out.
	"This is my box. How can anyone come in without my permission? Is this the attitude of service in your hotel?" Elmer's attitude made Emily feel awkward. Even Director Liu who had just recommended her began to feel awkward.
	He didn't expect that Emily would offend him so much.
	These men all attracted a lot of attention as they often showed up in the TV. However, when they saw Emily, they laughed more than before.
	Last time when Emily hooked up with Elmer, he kicked her out. This time, he drove her out in front of a lot of people. Emily felt so humiliated that she left in disgrace.
Chapter 262 Abuse In The Bar
	Emily was once a very popular actress. Even though she was not exposed often now, a lot of fans were looking forward to her. At this time, she was so embarrassed just for a role, which also made people feel pity for her.
	However, as if afraid of her, Elmer did not hear Director Liu's words. She was kicked out in the end.
	Director Liu also came out from the box. Looking at Emily's depressed face, he said, "He has a bad temper. He drank some wine today and was totally unreasonable. I'll tell him about it later."
	It was just a social formula, so Emily didn't take it seriously. She straightened her clothes and raised her arrogant head.
	"I'm leaving now."
	'Don't be embarrassed or made others laugh at you, ' Emily warned herself in mind. She had no idea that her attitude was like a joke in others' eyes.
	Many people at the party had already saw that. Seeing Emily's face, they all covered their mouths and turned their back to laugh.
	In fact, many people were also worried like Melinda. They thought that Emily was a resourceful woman, because she could sneak into a private room when others were in the hall.
	Emily was arrogant, but she was still depressed after walking out of the hotel. The director's attitude made her resentful. She lost the game twice because of only one person.
	She didn't believe that the director didn't give in. She frustrated because of Jonas, and now because of an old man. The huge insult to Emily's self-esteem was aroused, and it aroused her challenge.
	The most important reason was that it was none other than Melinda.
	Since both of them had a relationship with Melinda, Jonas ignored her but was full of love for Melinda, while the director looked down upon her. Instead, he turned to Melinda for cooperation.
	How could she be defeated by Melinda?
	Thinking of this, Emily was in urgent need of an outlet for her anger. A prosperous city always had a very busy street at night.
	Emily parked her car outside a bar she often went to.
	It was not yet late at midnight, but there were already many people here. The light was very dim, but the bright light that came occasionally made people frown.
	The deafening music and the audience applauded vigorously, creating a lively atmosphere.
	Emily walked to the bar counter and ordered a glass of wine casually. After she sat down at the door, a man and a woman came over. The man was tall and the woman was slim, and if she didn't look carefully, she would almost mistake Jerry as Jonas.
	Unconsciously, her eyes fell on that woman. She was wearing a set of bright clothes. At this moment, she was leaning against Jerry, smiling sweetly.
	Jerry did not notice the existence of Emily. He laughed with his girlfriend. They had made a reservation just passing by the bar counter.
	Being ignored like this, Emily was even much angrier. The bartender looked at Emily with wine in his hand and shouted, "Miss, your Purple Mystery."
	"Give it to me." After saying that, Emily drunk up the wine in her glass, slapped it on the bar counter. Then she took the glass to the bartender and asked him to get her another glass.
	The cocktail tasted like juice, but it was strong. Emily had drunk a few more shots as if she had been addicted to it. She felt flushed again and again because of the alcohol and the heavy makeup was unable to cover that.
	Jerry led his girlfriend to the seat and asked for a fruit plate. Many girls started to dance on the stage.
	The sounds of playing dice and dancing were everywhere. Everyone drank with different ways.
	"Did you often come to this kind of place before?" The woman tugged at her clothes with a little embarrassment, then she approached Jerry's ear and said.
	This warm and numb feeling made Jerry shudder for a while, and then he shook his head and said, "It's too noisy here, I can't hear you clearly."
	This bar was not only Emily's frequent visit, but also his frequent visit. So it was quite familiar, and he could see a few familiar faces around it.
	However, when his girlfriend asked about him, Jerry acted obediently like he had never come here before. Obviously, the woman was not satisfied with his reply. She pouted and sat beside him, but did not ask any more questions.
	"Excuse me, I need to go to the bathroom." Jerry fed his girlfriend a bit of apple and kissed her on the cheek. Then he got up and left.
	As the washroom of the bar had to pass the bar counter, Jerry finally saw Emily.
	She was always dressed in luxury clothes, despite her pale face.
	She drank one after another, her face full of drunkenness, or in other words, a feeling of being in a mess.
	Jerry failed to recognize her at first, but later he tried to call her, "Emily Bai."
	While drinking, Emily suddenly heard someone call her name. When she raised her head, in a daze, she saw Jonas standing there. He always waited for her like what he did when she was a child, no matter where she went.
	"Jonas,"
	Emily called him in a daze and reached out to hug him, but was pushed away, bumping awkwardly to the bar counter. The pain in her body helped her somewhat sober up.
	It was not until then that she realized the man in front of her was Jerry.
	"Look at you, you are still obsessed with Jonas." Although Emily's voice was low, Jerry felt that he knew Emily well. When she saw him, she must be calling him Jonas.
	Emily didn't answer directly. She felt a little dizzy. The bar counter was better than that of the stage. The music was lower in volume here, but it was still hard for Emily to be heard.
	"Get out! Don't forget that I give you everything now. If it weren't for me, you would be the street rat,"
	Emily scolded him in anger. In her eyes, Jerry was an ungrateful man. Recalling he brought a woman with him just now, she was overwhelmed with anger for no reason.
	'Why can all these people be fine, but I live like a poisonous bug?'
	She was born to be arrogant, but not so down and out like this.
	She was unwilling to admit her failure. She just wanted to get everything through those dark means.
	Jerry's girlfriend was a little worried when she saw him fighting with a woman, but when she came over, she only saw drunk Emily scolding Jerry.
	"Jerry, who do you think you are? If it were not for me, would the Gu family have known your existence? You are treating yourself too seriously, and you dare to come here to teach me." Being laughed at by Jerry, Emily vented all the resentment in her heart to him, but she knew the bottom line of Jerry.
	Therefore, no matter what she said, Jerry's mother would not be involved. Jerry let her speak until his girlfriend appeared.
	"You're crazy. If you're drunk, just go home. Don't scold others here." The woman pushed Emily away and took Jerry away without looking back.
	The light was too dim or dazzling, or if she looked at her carefully, she would definitely find out that the person in front of her was Emily.
	Having drunk too much, Emily felt uncomfortable in her stomach. After scolding Jerry, she got a little relief. She paid and left the bar.
	At the same time, Melinda, who was sitting quietly at home, was restless.
	Although she had got the director's promise, she still worried that the director might fall into the trap of Emily. Emily was really good at acting innocent. Otherwise, how did she get along with such pure and innocent image?
	It made her sad to think too much. Melinda could not do anything well because of mixed feelings.
	The servant noticed that Melinda was in a bad mood. There was something on her mind, and that was what a pregnant woman should avoid most. So she made a call to Jonas in private.
	Since Jonas had a dinner tonight, he didn't come home so soon to see Melinda. Sometimes, if it was too late, he wouldn't bother her.
	After Melinda got pregnant, it was easy to wake her up and it was also difficult to fall asleep again.
	"Young lady, it's time to go to bed."
	The servant poured a cup of milk for Melinda and reminded her to rest early. Then she left the apartment and went to the opposite one without disturbing her.
	This was the request of Melinda. She didn't like her own apartment to be occupied by others all day long, except the housework and meals, the servant would live opposite her almost all the time.
	She was more like an hourly worker.
	Staring at the glass, Melinda couldn't figure out where she was. Biting her lips, she said hesitantly, "How about telling Jonas about it?"
	She was sure that Jonas could solve the problem. She didn't know how to deal with it and she was worried the whole night.
	It was driving her mad.
	Thinking of this, Melinda took out her mobile phone and prepared to call Jonas. He answered quickly, so she did not know what to say.
	"Linda, open the door in about half an hour." After a long silence, he found it funny. Then he said gently. After receiving the call from the servant, he handed the dinner to William, and was driving to Melinda's place.
	After pausing for a while, Melinda finally realized that Jonas was going to her home. "Okay," she said in a low voice and then hung up the phone.
	She began to pay attention to the time. As soon as she ran to the door and opened it, she saw a pair of attractive eyes like obsidian.
	"The servant said that you were in a bad mood, so I brought you some food you like." Jonas handed the snacks in his hands to Melinda. They were all some popular snacks.
	These were what he usually forbade Melinda from touching them. At this time, it was a privilege for her. People said delicious food could make people happy.
	Seeing the snacks, Melinda smiled, removing the previous sadness and said, "Jonas, there is something I want to tell you."
	After they sat down on the sofa, Melinda told the provocative words of Emily to Jonas, and she was still worried about her.
	Jonas felt a little angry that he had been worried for her for a long time, but she didn't tell him. Meanwhile, he felt sorry for Melinda. He blamed himself for not giving her a sense of security. 
Chapter 263 Teasing
	"Don't worry. I won't let Emily play the leading role," Jonas said affirmatively. He would only drive Emily to the corner, and there was no reason to pave the way for her.
	At the thought of Emily, he felt much angrier. How dare she speak out words like that? She was so good at flattering herself.
	With his understanding of the entertainment circle, Jonas thought about the same thing as Melinda. Maybe Emily was able to do that by all means.
	"You look so haggard because of it these two days?" asked Jonas, feeling heartbroken, especially after he saw the dark circles under Melinda's eyes.
	Melinda smiled sheepishly, and did not deny it. She was indeed a very worried person.
	Besides, she didn't want to bother Jonas with such trifles. If he knew what was on Melinda's mind, maybe he would be angry for a while secretly.
	"Don't worry. I will take care of it. You should have a good rest after drinking the milk." Seeing the dark circles around her eyes, Jonas felt sad. He reached out his hand and touched the temperature of milk, but found that it was cold. Then he voluntarily made a new cup for her.
	Looking at the hustle and bustle of Jonas, Melinda felt relieved for the first time.
	Maybe that was not bad.
	She was lost in her mind while Jonas was very careful. Then he brought the milk to her gently and then pushed her to sleep.
	Lying on the bed, Melinda closed her eyes and smelled the familiar smell of Jonas. He had been protecting her all the time. She was no longer alone.
	Not long after, Jonas heard her shallow breath from the bed.
	Melinda hadn't slept at all and she had been worried all day. She was already exhausted. With a wry smile on the corner of his mouth and a touch of bitterness in his heart, he wondered what he could do to make her completely put down her guard.
	Jonas stayed with her in the room for a long time, leaving a night light for Melinda. Then he took a blanket from the cabinet and went to the living room.
	Although the room was soundproof, he still went to the balcony when he made the call.
	The director was woken up by a phone call while he was sleeping soundly. When he saw the caller ID, his face suddenly changed.
	"Mr. Gu, what can I do for you?" His voice indicated that he was drunk. Frowning, Jonas knew that many things in the entertainment circle were caused by drinking.
	Emily also used such means, which he found when investigating her dirty news. Thinking of Melinda's worries, he believed that it was totally reasonable.
	"Are you busy now?" His tone was very calm, but for some reason, it made people feel nervous. The director didn't know the purpose of this call and didn't know how to answer it.
	"The news of the TV series has gone out. They are selecting the right actor and actress,"
	the director said. It made Jonas feel that he was still busy with his time in TV series, so he should be no problem with it. However, he did not know that when Jonas heard that he was drinking like this because of the TV series, he felt that something bad was happening.
	He didn't mind such things happening, which happened in this circle all the time, but if they happened in front of Melinda, it would be a different story.
	"It's troublesome to select roles. You must have been tired lately." Jonas didn't go straight to the point, but asked in a calm tone. The sudden concern made Elmer confused.
	Jonas didn't seem to be so considerate. Was there something he didn't know, or was there something Melinda said?
	When he thought of the call from Melinda last night, Elmer got angry again. As a layman, she always came here and judged him.
	"It's alright. Almost all the people have been decided. Thank you for your concern, Mr. Gu," Elmer answered immediately.
	Jonas touched the handrail with his fingers and then cut to the chase, "Have been decided? Where is the leading actress?"
	He had been drinking tonight and the members had been decided? Inevitably, Jonas became more vigilant. Unaware of the situation, Elmer sneered in his heart, 'Sure enough, Melinda said something.'
	He was also very angry. Where did his reputation rank go? He didn't expect to be questioned again and again by an outsider. Even if he agreed, she still mentioned it to Jonas.
	"Mr. Gu and Miss. Mo, you two are really interesting. You both call me to ask about this matter. Do you all think I'm bad at choosing the protagonists and I will choose them randomly?"
	Elmer admitted that he was a common person and would accept some hidden rules. But when it came to work, he had his own attitude.
	He would never allow anything bad to happen to his work. His attitude towards Emily was the same as before. He didn't want to ruin his work because of a vase.
	Jonas knew well about the director's temper. He figured it out from the director's words that there must be some misunderstanding.
	Anyone who had ever been questioned in this way in a professional field would probably be furious. Elmer didn't dare to vent his anger on him. However, what he said indicated that he was very angry now.
	"Of course I trust your taste, or I won't cooperate with you. But there is a reason for this thing." Jonas first confirmed that Elmer was capable. But he was undetermined in personality. But he was definitely a top expert in the professional field and had a sharp eye, making a lot of people popular.
	As soon as Elmer knew there was a reason, he restrained his anger and said, "No matter what the reason is, Mr. Gu, please trust me. I will try my best to find Miss Mo's work and show her role in the design."
	Now the script had been adapted. Everyone was busy, and the casting had also been put on the theme.
	As a matter of fact, Elmer had been very busy recently. He had made an appointment with the relevant people in advance, including the lighting engineer and the dresser.
	As a grand work, it had to be professional in every aspect.
	These people were invited to the dinner tonight.
	"Linda absolutely believes you, but it's a misunderstanding. Emily said that she would become the heroine, and Linda was worried that her novel would be ruined."
	Even Jonas felt that Emily wasn't the right person for this role. If she really had to act the leading role, Melinda would be tarnished.
	Upon hearing this, the director immediately understood what happened. He was shocked at the thought of Director Liu's recommendation of Emily.
	It seemed that the woman had talked big. How could she say something like that? What was she thinking on her mind.
	"I see. It's just a misunderstanding. Mr. Gu, please tell Miss Mo not to worry about it. I can tell that Emily's not a suitable actress according to my experience,"
	said the director. In his eyes, Emily was just a vase. At that time, he remembered that his friend asked him to go over to have a look at the shooting scene of that movie.
	He happened to see Emily's performance, and he had no idea why his friends had passed that scene. In his opinion, Emily was not good at acting.
	Emily was just a beautiful vase without content. Since then, many people in the entertainment circle knew that Elmer was not satisfied with Emily's acting skill.
	That was also the reason why Emily failed in getting along with him.
	"Director Lin, now that you have said so, I am relieved to hear your reassuring words. It's late, and I won't bother you,"
	Jonas said politely and was about to hang up the phone. Elmer had something to tell him, but he thought that he would have opportunity to talk to him about it in the future.
	'As long as I can finish this play and do it well, I will not have to worry about other things, won't I?'
	Jonas hung up the phone and rubbed his phone with his fingers, his eyes narrowing.
	Emily had been banished from the entertainment industry. It was hard to say whether she was capable of something or her company was less strict on her behaviors.
	It seemed that he had to do something else. Jonas thought he should have let Emily know that she shouldn't offend him.
	He had to protect Melinda. He would not let anyone go easily once he or she annoyed her.
	When Jonas went back to the bedroom, he saw that Melinda was still sleeping, but she frowned for some reason. He felt sorry for her and had a sense of powerlessness. But more he needed to find a way to protect Melinda better.
	To make Melinda feel that she could rely on him.
	After hanging up the phone, the director realized it after all the things were related.
	Emily had told Melinda that she would be the leading role of the play. After that, she started to look for him to get the role, for she was afraid that she would be too shameful to fail in getting that role.
	Emily was not able to do that, and she just wanted to use dirty rules. It was very common in the entertainment circle to try to do something in order to get the chance to star in plays or movies. He would meet one or two actors in each movie and play he shot.
	However, if they used the dirty rules, they normally wanted to shoot more, there would be no one like Emily who was so arrogant and wanted to take the leading role.
	If she was of great reputation as a pure and innocent girl in the past, the director might have thought about it. But now, she didn't have anything and he also got a hint from Jonas.
	Even if he had to use a newcomer as the leading lady, he would not choose Emily.
	"What an ambitious woman!" Elmer sighed. At the same time, he believed that Emily was a resourceful woman. Director Liu didn't say formulae at all last night. After that, he really talked a lot to Elmer for Emily.
	At the thought of this, Elmer almost lost trust in front of Jonas because of this woman, and on second thought, Emily must be desperate to save face now, so he decided to play tricks on Emily.
	Anyway, it was not his fault. Emily asked for it by herself.
	But it took him a lot of effort to deal with this accident. Speaking was a technical work. He wanted to make Emily happy and do more things for him willingly.
	As Elmer thought of this, a cunning smile appeared on his face. But at this time, Emily knew nothing about it.
Chapter 264 No Identity
	The sun was pouring down the whole room. Melinda covered her eyes with her hands and sat up on the bed, panting.
	She looked a little dazed, thinking that she seemed to have fallen asleep with the company of Jonas. It was rare for her to sleep so peacefully since she was pregnant.
	The corners of Melinda's mouth could not help smiling. She gently placed her fingers on her lower abdomen.
	'Baby, do you like your father?'
	Melinda began to think about the question while asking her child. After a short while, she realized that she might have thought too much. Shaking her head, she walked out of the bedroom.
	Someone was busy in the kitchen. Melinda thought it was the servant. Then she found it was a man's figure. Her eyes widened and she was surprised to find that it was Jonas.
	There was a blanket on the sofa. Melinda wondered if Jonas had slept at home yesterday.
	She truly had no memory about all these.
	Jonas prepared bone congee for her. There were many pickles made by the servant at home. He just needed to put them on the small plate.
	"You are awake." Hearing the sound, Jonas turned his head and saw Melinda stare blankly at the blanket. He woke up early, but he was afraid to wake up Melinda, so he didn't put the thing back.
	Jonas had a thorough understanding of Melinda's routine from the servant. When the breakfast was ready, Melinda just woke up, and the time was just right.
	Every time Melinda saw Jonas like this, she wanted to make fun of him. She couldn't help but laugh, and her heart was soft again.
	Jonas rarely cooked, but he could only cook a few dishes. But this congee he cooked was well learned.
	After Melinda went to wash her face and rinse her mouth, Jonas put all the things on the table and waited for her to have breakfast.
	Although Melinda had imagined how Jonas looked when she was taken care of by Jonas, she was still not used to it.
	But they had a good breakfast together.
	After the meal, Jonas had to take the initiative to send Melinda to work. The filming had been on the right track. Melinda had to adapt the novel.
	It was the first time for her to do such work, and she asked many people about it. Elmer also arranged someone to take care of it with her.
	Melinda had a lot of things to deal with recently. When she returned to the company, she first sorted out the draft, and used all her spare time to modify the script.
	The novel was relatively long, and it was impossible to shoot all the scenes in the TV play, so it needed to be deleted. Each story and each scene that Melinda wrote was cherished by her. She felt it was difficult to change it.
	Victor rarely contacted with Melinda recently, but he knew that her novel had to be adapted. According to the report from the media, all that should be known by the company.
	It would only make those who gossiped a lot more envious of Melinda.
	Victor had been depressed for a while because of his ex-wife. These days, he found that Melinda had been very preoccupied and tired, so he had made coffee for himself and even poured a cup of coffee for Melinda.
	"Don't put too much pressure on yourself. Have a good rest." Victor handed the coffee to Melinda. In fact, he was surprised at the beginning when he heard that she was going to cooperate with Elmer. But soon he understood.
	He assumed that it must be Jonas who had done it. Otherwise, it would have been very difficult for Melinda to cooperate with him. What was more, she could participate in the making.
	It was a lucky thing to change the script to cooperate with the well-known scriptwriter.
	There couldn't be so many lucky things in the world, and someone must bear everything for her in a place she couldn't see.
	"Mr. Cheng, thanks."
	Melinda took over the coffee, put it on the table, and said thanks with a smile. At this time, she was also grateful. Fortunately, her work did not have so many strict requirements. Otherwise, if she just went to work like this, she would definitely be criticized by the leader in other companies.
	"Don't be so formal with me. We are already friends. Besides, you are a popular star now. It's natural that I should be nicer to you," Victor said jokingly. Melinda's novel was to be made into a TV play, so that she had a large more number of fans. And her status in the novel circle had also been promoted.
	The people around her were red eyed, but they hoped to have a connection with Melinda, so that they could pretend to be powerful.
	Melinda didn't feel anything wrong. She had been doing her job well.
	"Well, since this is the case. Mr. Cheng, I want two more days off. Do you agree?" Melinda also joked. She was the one who asked for the most leave in the company.
	She didn't have a vacation chance and her leave application was also taken into consideration, so the leader had to think about it carefully.
	However, Victor was so frank that he agreed immediately, "Okay, but you should not forget me once you are wealthy."
	Detecting the fatigue on Melinda's face, Victor agreed promptly, which caught her off guard.
	"I will never forget your kindness," said Melinda. Without any delay, Victor went back to his own office.
	They had only talked for a short while, and Victor had brought a cup of coffee to her. As a result, the employees of the company began to make fun of them.
	And they also made an oral statement that "you should not forget me once you are wealthy".
	Melinda had long been used to the manner of many colleagues in the company, and did not want to say too much, but the company gave her a sense of depression.
	This company now didn't have the spirit of the novel communication at the beginning but the common intrigue in the society now.
	Melinda told herself not to mind what they said, and she was still busy with her own things.
	Meanwhile, on the other side, Emily was deeply troubled by the fact that she couldn't get the heroine and had lost face in front of Melinda. The director was hard to deal with and she wasn't sure who the investor of the play was.
	Although a lot of people knew that it was Jonas, but this way would definitely not work.
	She tried to contact some of her old investors, hoping that they could invest in her and also give a role to her. But those people were not idiots, and were reluctant to fight with Jonas.
	At the same time, Emily received a call from the director.
	"Director Liu?" When Emily answered the phone, she thought that she made a mistake, but the person at the other end of the phone was really Director Liu, he sounded a little excited.
	"Don't blame me for not helping you this time. I even talked a lot to you in front of Elmer. He wanted to see you in a few days."
	Director Liu was also surprised at the change of Elmer's attitude, but he was very happy to pass on his words for the director. He thought that he could seize the chance to make a good impression of Emily on him and get some benefits.
	Emily was surprised, but soon she was excited. She felt that when the mountain was bottomless, she had a way out. It would be the best if she could get on the ship named Elmer.
	"Thank you, Director Liu. I'll treat you to dinner another day,"
	Emily said happily. Director Liu said a lot on the other side of the line. At last, he said that Elmer would contact her and tell her to be prepared. Otherwise, such a good opportunity would be wasted.
	"Well, that's enough. It's up to you."
	He liked to keep a way out for himself. Even if he did so, he would not think that things would be certain. But Emily did not care. She felt that she had finally met something good.
	As expected, she received a call from Elmer, asking if Director Liu had told her.
	"Director Liu has told me about this. Thank you very much for giving me this opportunity," Emily said modestly. She was clear that she had to sacrifice her body for this.
	Although Elmer despised Emily in his heart, he still wanted to try what it felt like to have sex with the pure and beautiful girl who was spoken by others.
	"It's okay. If you have any taboo, tell me. Then I will arrange the place," Elmer added.
	Emily was even more excited when she heard this attitude. But she still said that there was no taboo.
	But there was an implication in her words. It depended on Elmer.
	After hanging up the phone, Emily was still very excited. She wanted to show off in front of Melinda, but she felt that after everything was settled, it would be better for her to go to her.
	She didn't know that it was only a trap, and Melinda would no longer worry about it.
	She was the only one who was messing around.
	Melinda was a little dispirited. Looking at the coffee on the table and the following work, she hesitated and took a sip. The bitter taste spread across her taste bud and immediately made her frown.
	She wondered where Victor had bought the coffee and why it tasted so bad. Melinda took a cup of warm water immediately, only to find the bitter taste lingering in her mouth, which made her very uncomfortable.
	The disgust that hadn't shown for a long time surged up again. Melinda quickly put down the cup and walked towards the bathroom. As soon as she entered the bathroom, she couldn't help vomiting.
	The feeling of retching made her exhausted, as if she was going to spit out her bile.
	After a long while, Melinda came to her senses. Leaning against the door, she touched her belly. It was obvious that she was pregnant. It was not easy to hide it.
	Her mind went blank. After thinking for a long time, she went back to her seat. Her face was pale. People who didn't know what happened might think that it was because Victor had poisoned her.
	Victor was shocked. He also drank the coffee and he felt alright. He didn't expect that Melinda started to vomit.
	"It's just my stomach. It's not serious." Finding that Victor was very nervous, Melinda casually found an excuse to escape from the scene. As a result, she became more and more impatient for what she was going to do next.
	She couldn't help touching her lower abdomen to comfort her child, but she was afraid that the people in the company would see something wrong, so she tried to restrain herself.
	As the baby grew up, Melinda became more aware of many things that she deliberately ignored.
	Could she really bear to let her child grow up in an incomplete family? Could she really deceive herself?
	At that time, whether it was Jonas, Aunt Yao, or Grandpa, they wouldn't allow this child to be without an identity. 
Chapter 265 Agreed To Go Home
	It was not until now that she remembered those things which were deliberately ignored that she realized how simple her previous thoughts were.
	After an uneasy day in the company, Melinda didn't go back to her own home in the evening. Instead, she went to her father's house.
	Seeing Melinda, Vern felt a little strange. He asked directly, "Why do you come here at this time?"
	It was rare for Melinda to come here without telling him, so he asked. Melinda curled her lips. If she was not sure that she was her biological daughter, her father's attitude would likely make her think that she was adopted.
	Vern, who was usually careless, didn't have such an idea at all. He just took out a lot of food that Melinda liked.
	Looking at this scene, Melinda felt that her father's love for her had always been in silence.
	What about Jonas? Would he love the unborn baby this much in the future?
	Or, just like his own father, Jonas had no idea about what a family was.
	Thinking of what had happened to Jerry, Melinda felt scared.
	"Dad, I think the baby is growing bigger," Melinda said while touching her belly. She couldn't be found out without careful observation a few days ago. Now even though her clothes were loose now, it was a little obvious.
	Melinda felt helpless. Vern looked at her and knew that she was in a dilemma. On that day, he saw Jerry coming to the Gu family, and he had a knot in his heart.
	She was afraid that everything would happen again.
	But this kid had become the biggest trouble at the moment.
	"I can't help you with that. It's a big deal for you. You have to think it over," Vern said, making tea for himself while Melinda picked up the snacks on the table and fed herself.
	She came here as soon as she got off work, so she hadn't had dinner yet.
	"I don't know what to do." Melinda was desperate. It was almost a dead end that she couldn't survive without a sharp scissor.
	Looking at his daughter, Vern was infuriated, but he couldn't do anything to her.
	"Do you still want to go back and live a good life with Jonas now?" Vern changed a different way to ask her, and sure enough, Melinda began to think about it.
	Although Jonas acted like a good husband and lived a life with her, her previous experience told her that all these may be temporary.
	"Not really,"
	said Melinda. She could not help but recall those years, which she had better not experience again.
	Hearing what she said, Vern could not help but roll his eyes. What was the child thinking?
	"If you don't want this child, solve it as soon as possible to avoid suffering," said her father. Vern would never agree to let Melinda be a single mother.
	She was able to raise the child alone, but all the rumors outside could beat a person.
	"I want the baby," Melinda said without hesitation. She even showed the posture that protecting her own child, as if her father was an executioner. "If you want this child, you should give him a complete family and live a good life with his father, Jonas," Vern said, glaring at Melinda. It was said that parents who had given birth would care for their child for a lifetime. Now it seemed to be totally right to him.
	Looking at her father in some grievances, Melinda wondered if she really wanted to be with Jonas because of the child.
	Would this kind of relationship really last long?
	Vern did not say much. He just let Melinda sit on the sofa alone, lost in thought. Then he went to the kitchen to prepare dinner. He was much better now. These things were done by himself.
	However, Melinda had made the decision before he got ready.
	She could give a chance to Jonas for the sake of her child.
	"Agreed?" Vern squinted at Melinda. Thinking of her attitude just now, he still felt that his daughter was a little simple.
	But he had no choice. This was her own choice.
	If there was anything that Vern regretted the most, it might be that he let her go to A City to study in a university and made acquaintance with Jonas.
	"Yes." Melinda's voice was much more determined than before. Vern put aside what he was doing and called Jonas directly.
	Jonas answered the phone from his father-in-law quickly and was polite on the other side.
	Hearing that, Vern was a little happier. Taking a look at his daughter, who was still sitting on the sofa, he asked slowly, "Are you free now?"
	"Yes," replied Jonas, still confused.
	His father-in-law asked him to come out, even if he didn't have time he had to create time. Those people looked at Jonas weirdly, thinking that today's meeting would probably be cancelled.
	"If you have time, come to my house and pick up Linda." Hearing her father's words, Melinda ran her fingers through her hair unnaturally. She felt like she was a child who was at odds with her father.
	Now that she didn't feel unhappy, he asked someone to take her back.
	Sitting on the other end of the line for a long time, Jonas wondered the meaning of his words, wondering whether it was Linda who had a quarrel with Vern.
	"Dad, that's how Linda is. If she gets willful, you can scold me. It's all my fault. I'm coming to pick her up," Jonas said. He gestured to William and left in a hurry. As expected, the meeting was over.
	Vern was speechless again. He was misunderstood by his daughter, and now by Jonas.
	"Linda agrees that she will live a good life with you. Now, come and pick her up," Vern repeated and hung up the phone angrily.
	It was already unbearable for him to hand his own daughter to another man, and their attitude towards him now upset him a lot.
	However, Jonas didn't think too much at the moment. All he thought about was that Linda had agreed to be with him.
	Jonas told this news to Nelson at the first time. He was very happy, and Queena began to prepare for her coming back.
	This matter had been delayed for so long because of Jerry's appearance.
	For the first time, Jonas felt that it was a long journey to Vern's home. He wished he could appear in front of Melinda right away and tell her that he was taking her home.
	Meanwhile, Melinda, in Vern's house, began to fidget. At last, she walked back and forth in the hall, which made Vern's eyes ache.
	"Just sit here. He will be here soon. If you can't wait any longer, go downstairs and walk yourself," Vern said in an unhappy tone, for he was quite annoyed that his daughter couldn't wait to meet another man.
	"Dad, I didn't mean that." Melinda hugged her father and leaned against him.
	Since she was a child, she had always felt that her father's back was the most solid, but also the most rare one. She didn't spend much time with his father, because most of the time she stayed in the countryside to follow her grandparents.
	"Dad, I was just a little flustered as I thought that I would live with this man for the rest of my life."
	She had never experienced such a feeling. She had only felt happy when she could be with Jonas because she had been too simple at that time.
	Now she understood that when two people were together, it was not only their own business, but also their families'.
	"Don't worry. You have me here," Vern said as he patted her shoulder, knowing that Melinda lacked a sense of security.
	Hearing this, tears streamed down her face in an instant.
	"Well, I have you. If he dares to bully me, I'll bring my child back with me and support him by you," Melinda said. Her father was a little loath to part with her. But Vern still stubbornly said, "You are going to be a mother. Don't you feel ashamed to let your father afford you?"
	"I don't care. I'm your little princess,"
	Melinda said in a stubborn tone. Only in front of her father could she say that confidently.
	When Jonas arrived at the apartment, he saw the reddened eyes of Melinda.
	"What's wrong? Are you crying?" After greeting with Vern, Jonas went up to comfort Melinda. His gentle appearance made Vern feel better.
	A person would cherish what he or she lost. He hoped that Jonas would treat Melinda like this in the future.
	"Nothing," Melinda said while shaking her head. Her resolute determination was shaken now, but when she saw Jonas's anxious attitude, her mood was alleviated gradually.
	"Jonas, will you take good care of me and my baby?" Melinda looked at Jonas and asked confusedly. She was afraid of the future and the gap between them, but she couldn't help but want to have some promises.
	Melinda was struggling.
	"I swear with my life that I will protect you and the baby," said Jonas, looking at Melinda seriously.
	Jonas knew that it was probably something about his father that had slightly traumatized Melinda.
	But he would never let that happen.
	"You are a steady child. I can rest assured that you will take care of Linda. Let bygones be bygones. If you fail Linda, don't act like you did before and just call me directly. I'll take care of my daughter. I'll pick her up,"
	said Vern, tears rolling down again from Melinda's eyes. She tried so hard to hold it back every time when she wanted her father to come and pick her up.
	On hearing her father exhorting Jonas this time, she felt even more deeply that she was loved by someone.
	"Dad, I won't let it happen." With his firm and resolute eyes, Jonas seemed to convince Vern, who nodded and then looked at Melinda.
	He wanted to urge them to go back early, but he didn't want to.
	This time, Melinda would really go back.
	At this time, Jonas's phone rang. It was from the Gu's mansion. Queena asked where they were going, and Nelson had been waiting for Melinda at the door of his house, asking him what would Melinda like to eat, and asking the servants to prepare it in the kitchen.
	"Well, you can go back early." Vern waved goodbye to the two of them and went to the dining room. A lump came into Melinda's throat again. 
Chapter 266 Accident
	She seldom stayed with her father and didn't feel anything wrong. But now, looking at her father's back, Melinda suddenly found that she seemed not to be a good daughter.
	Jonas stood beside her and read out the guilt and sadness in her eyes. He held her more tightly in his arms.
	"Let's visit Dad together more often from now on," Jonas comforted her. While Melinda raised her eyes to look at Jonas, and he found that her eyes were filled with tears somehow.
	Looking at her like this, Jonas was very nervous. Vern seemed to feel that and turned around to look at them.
	"A daughter will get married when she grows up. Don't cry," he said and pretended to be fierce. Tears rolled down from Melinda's eyes uncontrollably. She instantly broke away from the arms of Jonas and ran to her father.
	"Dad."
	Vern didn't know what to do seeing her choking with sobs and acting like a spoiled child. Worrying that she might change her mind, Jonas walked up to her and held her in his arms.
	"Linda, your father will feel sad if you continue to be like this," Jonas whispered in Melinda's ear.
	With her misty eyes and knitted brows, Melinda looked at her father. Vern seemed to control some kind of emotion. It was not until then did she find that her crying made her father feel even worse.
	"Jonas, don't let her look back." Looking at Jonas, Vern said. His daughter had already been married, but he was still reluctant to leave her.
	This was the stubbornness of an old father. Jonas left with Melinda at last, and both of them hoped that the child of them would not be a girl.
	It didn't mean that they preferred sons to daughters. But this made Jonas feel so sad. He tried to think in the position of Vern. He thought that a daughter was better not to get married because he could afford her anyway.
	Melinda was in a very low mood. After getting on the car, she did not say a word. She just quietly leaned against the back of the chair and looked at the scenery outside the window.
	When she was a child, she only felt a lump in her throat when she read those people's story. Now she could feel that it was full of complexity.
	"Linda, grandpa is waiting for us at home," Jonas said with a smile, reaching out and holding Melinda's hands. His body temperature was relatively low, but her fingers are even colder than his.
	"I'm fine,"
	Melinda said. She withdrew her hands from his. She devoted herself into a new family regardless of all consequences only because she loved the one by her side, but after she got injured all over the body. She was more greedy for the selfless love of her father.
	After all, she was not a child. She knew that what her father did was for her good, but seeing clearly was one thing and doing was another.
	At that moment, Melinda needed to keep quiet. Pursing his lips, Jonas focused on driving without saying anything.
	At the same time, on the street not far away, an aggressive sports car was driving fast, and the person who was driving it was Emily.
	Jerry told her a news just now, and the Gu family was preparing to welcome Melinda. She promised to go back to the Gu's mansion, and Jonas himself went to pick her up.
	She stared at the road in front of her. Emily was taking the nearest path, so she was sure that she could block Jonas at a certain point.
	Melinda gradually calmed down. The scenery outside the window was a little familiar, which was the only way to the Gu's mansion.
	"Jonas," Melinda suddenly called him. Jonas was surprised and he turned to her as he asked in a soft voice, "What's wrong?"
	When driving the car, Jonas only took a glance at her and then turned his head. A car rushed towards them at a fast speed from the roadside in front of them. It was only after turning the steering wheel that Jonas narrowly dodged the car.
	However, the two cars still collided. With the car roaring forward, Melinda rushed forward and leaned back on the seat for a long time without coming to herself.
	Emily's car rubbed against the body of Jonas's car and stopped by the side. She was relieved.
	"Linda, are you okay?" In a hurry, Jonas turned to look at Melinda, who was sitting on her seat and resting her hands on her abdomen. She looked frightened.
	She even regretted calling him. If Jonas reacted a little slower just now, what would happen to her?
	"Linda." Jonas unfastened his seat belt, hugged her, tapped her back gently to calm her down.
	She was like a child who needed the protection of her parents.
	"I'm fine." After a long while, the corner of Melinda's mouth twitched, and her face looked a little pale. It was at this moment that the window of Jonas's car was slapped from outside.
	The window glass was made so that the people inside couldn't be seen from the outside, but the people inside could clearly see the person outside.
	Emily, dressed in a white shirt, wore a pair of casual underpants, and her hair was tied into a high ponytail. She was a little messy at the moment. She looked anxious and knocked at the window.
	At the first sight of Emily, Melinda's eyes became deep. It was Emily!
	Jonas was also shocked. He glanced at Melinda, opened the door and got out of the car.
	"Jonas." Seeing that Jonas got off the car, Emily rushed to him excitedly. Jonas pushed her aside hard with his hands.
	"Emily, you are a madman."
	Jonas's eyes were a little red, and his mouth was tight. There was a trace of anger hidden in his cold face, but Emily was not afraid.
	"Don't you miss me, Jonas?" She looked at Jonas emotionally and said with grievance, as if Jonas was a heartless man who abandoned her.
	The scene was seen by Melinda in the car coldly.
	"Emily, it seems that you are too idle to have time to do these things." Jonas's heart was still fluttering with fear. If he had been a little slower to respond just now...
	"Jonas, I miss you so much. I want to see you, but you don't let me. This is the only way," Emily shouted madly. She admitted that she pursue fame and fortune, but she also loved Jonas.
	Why was everything gone now?
	"That's how it is today. Don't bother me again in the future. If it happens again, I will make you suffer."
	Looking at Emily's crazy behavior, Jonas suddenly felt that whatever he said would be in vain.
	Just now, Emily saw Melinda sitting in the car when Jonas got off the car. She wanted to stop him, but there was no way.
	The warning of Jonas was still ringing in her ears, and she knew that what he said was true. Jonas could do that.
	"Jonas, are you really going to be so heartless? Even if you don't like me anymore, we are not even friends anymore, right?" Emily had never been dissatisfied with her identity as a friend, but now she seemed to be unable to find any other identity so that she could stand by Jonas.
	"You should know the result when you do something, Emily," Jonas said slowly. He made it sound like he was the same as usual, but Emily could sense a chill from his tone.
	Emily never thought that she had done something wrong. She just hated that her plan failed every time.
	"I did nothing wrong. I did it because I love you so much." Emily looked like a lunatic, gripping Jonas's arm tightly.
	Inside the car, Melinda frowned. She wanted to get out of the car to see what was going on, but she held back.
	'If Jonas couldn't handle Emily well, I don't need to go back with him, ' she thought.
	Melinda put another test on Jonas.
	"Then your love really makes me sick." Jonas pushed Emily away. Seeing the two cars rubbing on each other, he thought it was good that he stopped in time.
	Emily's hands drooped feebly on both sides, looking at him with vacant eyes, but Jonas didn't even look at her at all.
	Paying no attention to Emily, Jonas directly opened the door and got on the car. But he saw that Melinda's face was even worse than before, and she was even sweating.
	"What's wrong, Linda?" He was so anxious that he didn't know what to do. His hands froze in the air before he touched Melinda. He didn't know what was wrong with her, so he dared not touch her.
	Thinking of the scene just now, he guessed that Melinda might be frightened.
	"Let's go to the hospital, okay?"
	Melinda's hand had been placed on her lower abdomen, where she felt quite uncomfortable. Although she did not hit it just now, she still had a feeling of discomfort because of her strong vomit.
	The baby in her belly was more important than anything else. Therefore, Melinda would not be willful.
	"Okay," she answered and lay down beside, with her eyes closed. At that moment, it was not only the collision of body but also her mind. She was so close to death at that moment.
	Since the cars were still against each other, it took Jonas a lot of time to turn around and go back. He firstly made a call to his family and told them that there was something wrong on the way, so he might not arrive home so soon.
	He didn't want to make Nelson and Queena worry about Melinda.
	Fortunately, they had just left the city center for several times. Jonas led her directly to the hospital and had Ted inform the doctor in advance.
	Jonas was about to take Melinda to the hospital for examination. In his eyes, she was a fragile doll, and there was a more fragile doll in her womb.
	He was always cautious with everything.
	"Don't worry. It's just a few steps. You can just hold me." Melinda still felt embarrassed. After all, the hospital was very crowded. It was just a frightening accident. There was no other serious situation, so that was absolutely unnecessary.
	"Linda, you don't have to be embarrassed," Jonas said with a smile. Now that Melinda's secret had been exposed, she lowered her head and kept silent.
	In the end, Jonas held Melinda to the hospital. He was tall and strong with his back bent just to take care of her. A lot of people around saw that and showed envy in their eyes.
	"I've called Ted. The doctor will check you out on the Department. Don't be afraid. I'll be there with you."
Chapter 267 So What
	Melinda had been worried about the baby in her womb for a long time, and she had mentioned it to Jonas on the way home. So now the main task for them was to check if there was anything wrong with the baby.
	This baby didn't come easily. Due to the miscarriage of her child before, Melinda had a little shadow in her heart. Anything related to this child would become very sensitive.
	At the same time, in the street where an accident had just happened, Emily stood alone, keeping the posture that Jonas had left without moving a bit.
	"Huh." After a long time, Emily gave a bitter smile.
	She had already been used to the feeling of being thrown on the street. Every time Jonas left, he left without mercy.
	Thinking of that before, they were always holding hands and leaving, leaving only Melinda alone in the place. Emily's eyes slightly narrowed and looked at the street scene in the distance.
	'it doesn't matter. I can find a way to get Jonas back.'
	In her eyes, Jonas was just like toy and she was like a kid trying to get her toy back.
	And Melinda was the child living next door.
	Her car was scraped seriously, but she didn't care at all. Emily got into the car and directly drove back to the city.
	She was alone and was unable to do many things. Otherwise, she must be able to stop Jonas, and Melinda would only be taken away.
	Thinking of this, Emily slapped hard on the steering wheel.
	"Melinda, I will take back Jonas from you," Emily said seriously and then turned to another direction.
	More than ten minutes later, the car stopped in front of a community. It was a small area and most of the young people who lived here were struggling.
	And here was Jerry's new address.
	Emily looked around the community and there was still contempt in her eyes. She disdained such places.
	But now she needed the help of Jerry, and she couldn't think of anyone else.
	Jerry looked coldly at the woman in front of him. The last time they had an argument in the bar, he still remembered the vicious words of Emily. He did not expect that it was not long before Emily came to him.
	"What? Can't I get in this place?"
	Emily said arrogantly, looking at Jerry with her arms crossed over her chest. The house was at most no more than 50 square meters, and the space was very small. The whole space could be seen from the door.
	"I'm afraid that you won't get used to my humble home," Jerry said with sarcasm. He knew clearly Emily's personality.
	"Yes, it is a little small." Emily did not notice the irony in Jerry's words, and continued to say. Then she pushed Jerry's hand and walked into the room herself.
	Jerry frowned and looked at her. He turned around and walked into the room. Emily was standing in front of the tea table in the living room and she stopped after a few steps.
	The overall decoration of this family was relatively warm. It was not like a dark character like Jerry. Emily could not help but picture Jerry's girlfriend in her mind.
	Did that woman change him?
	Emily couldn't believe it. It was impossible. Since Jerry hated the Gu family so much, how could he change his temperament?
	"What are you doing here?"
	Despite his unwillingness, he took out a bottle of water from the fridge and threw it to her. She took it and put it aside.
	"Hey, long time no see! You've become so meek now!" Emily looked at Jerry and said jokingly. If it were in the past, Jerry would never have been so calm like this.
	"This is all I have here. Eat it or not."
	Jerry then sat down on the sofa and casually turned on the TV.
	Emily glanced at the water and said nothing. She put a pillow on the sofa and slowly sat down.
	In front of Jerry, Emily always had an inexplicable sense of superiority.
	"Melinda has gone back to Gu family," Emily said in resentment. They had planned for so long, but finally Melinda still returned to the Gu family, and all the previous efforts were suddenly useless.
	Jerry was stunned for a moment, but then he quickly calmed down and said, "Isn't this what we've expected?"
	They had stopped that once or twice. Could they stop them all the time? And Jerry didn't understand what the meaning of stopping them was now.
	He had been worried that Melinda and her unborn child would affect his going back to the Gu family. But actually, even if she didn't have the baby, Jonas was still selected by Nelson as the heir.
	If he behaved himself, he might get some benefit. If he kept messing around, he would only come to a more miserable end.
	Jerry had never thought of this before.
	Emily sensed something wrong. She could feel it since the moment she entered the room that Jerry had changed.
	He was no longer the gloomy man he had been.
	"What do you mean?" Emily asked with a much sharper tone. In the past, Jerry would have tried to stop Melinda, but now he was willing to accept his fate to say that it was not surprising.
	"It's very simple. I don't want to fight anymore. I'm fine now," Jerry said as he shook his hands. Emily suddenly stood up and looked at him incredulously.
	"Do you know what you are talking about?" Emily asked, doubting that the man in front of her had been displaced.
	No matter how excited she was, Jerry still looked so calm.
	"I don't want to fight anymore. I'm ready to marry her," said Jerry, with a touch of tenderness unconsciously in his eyes. This was the look of loving a person, and Emily was very familiar with it.
	But how could this be? Everyone was happy except her. No way! She wouldn't allow it.
	"So you give up? Have you forgotten how your mother died? Have you forgotten that you said you wanted to take a revenge?"
	Emily continued, hoping to awaken Jerry's hatred with his mother, but the ending was doomed to disappoint her.
	"Her whole life was filled with the love of that man. Death is a relief for her," Jerry said calmly. Many things had two sides, but he was too pessimistic and dark in the past.
	"She has been living in pain all her life. I don't think she wants her child to suffer this for the rest of his life too."
	Hearing what Jerry said, Emily only felt that the world was crazy.
	"It's just an excuse. You are coward. You are scared," Emily scolded him with rage, pointing at his nose.
	Everyone would fight back at those harsh words, but Jerry was still calm and even had a mocking smile on his face.
	'So what if I keep fighting? Will I win and inherit the so-called Gu family business?' Jerry knew that he was not capable of that. Besides, Jonas was not an idiot. If he wanted to beat Jonas, he could never rely on such low means as Emily.
	What's more, no matter how hard he tried, his mother would never come back.
	He had been living in hatred for too long. He didn't want to struggle in the mire of the future.
	If he was willing to behave himself, the Gu family would not drive him out.
	"I'm just tired. It's boring," Jerry told the truth calmly, which made Emily more anxious.
	'Why did these people just get away as they like? Only I couldn't get away and never come back.'
	No, she could go back to the past. As long as she could take back Jonas, everything would go back to its original state. There was no Melinda, no such a mess.
	"Did you forget that you said in front of that woman that you were going to avenge for your mother? She has lived her whole life better than your mother did, and she could say that your mother has given birth to a bad son like you. You and your mother are doomed to be defeated by them.
	The more Emily said, the more excited she became. Jerry frowned and thought that Emily was really insatiable and took herself seriously.
	"If that's all you want to say that you come here today, now that you have finished, you can leave now. Don't come to disturb my life in the future if anything happens to you." Jerry pointed to the location of the door and said to Emily.
	He only wanted to live a happy life with his girlfriend in the future. Let bygones be bygones.
	"It's not over yet. I despise you for giving up so easily," Emily said angrily. Although Jerry's leaving order was quite obvious, Emily still stood there calmly.
	She couldn't lose her help. She must take back everything she had. Why would Jerry easily give up?
	Just for a woman? These women were all the damned bitches!
	"Fight? What qualifications do you have to fight? Do you think you can defeat Melinda?" Jerry looked at Emily with mockery and spoke out an established fact.
	Anyone with a little discerning eye could see that the person that Jonas fell in love with was Melinda, and Emily didn't have the slightest chance at all. She had been living in her fantasy that Jonas would change his mind.
	But she didn't know that Jonas had never loved her.
	"What do you mean?" These words had almost become Emily's daily words that she met Jerry today. It was because of the huge change in Jerry that she was off guard, and was even a little flustered.
	"I say, you can't beat Melinda. She not only has the recognition of the old man, but also has a child with Jonas. Now, Jonas is fully occupied with her, both mentally and physically. I'm sure you can see it. Don't deceive yourself, okay?"
	Jerry told Emily about the reality and put it in front of Emily. Emily finally did not look like what she had been and stood there still.
	She knew this, but she ignored it all the time. She was sure that Jonas would come back, and she would not lose to Melinda. She believed that Melinda was the third person and would be abandoned.
	But now, Jerry told her that it was all her self-deception.
	"So what?" After a while, Emily said with a smile. 
Chapter 268 Who Is The Father
	Jerry felt that he had a hallucination, and then he understood with a smile and thought that this was the style of Emily.
	She lived in her own world forever.
	"How long will you deceive yourself?" Jerry said in a sarcastic tone. Anyone with a discerning eye now could tell that the person that Jonas loved in his heart was called Melinda.
	Emily was just a pathetic person.
	"You don't understand," Emily said with a smile. She no longer persuaded Jerry to change his mind, so she left the house of Jerry automatically.
	No one could understand the feelings in her heart. The feeling of being pampered was addicting. When she was immersed, the person freed himself and told her that it was all fake.
	Everything was so real, how could it be fake? He must be confused.
	Emily thought, as long as she was still sober, she could take him back, but everyone told her that she was the person in the void.
	For a moment, it denied everything about her.
	She walked on the street in a daze.
	Nelson was finally persuaded to wait for Melinda in the room. Two people in the hospital did a series of inspection before going home.
	The doctor had warned Melinda to be careful. She could easily miscarry due to her poor health.
	Melinda was very clear that this was the sequel of her miscarriage.
	Seeing that Melinda had been worrying about it, Jonas held her hand tightly. "Don't worry, the baby will be okay. Take good care of yourself when you get home."
	Melinda's physical conditions were well known to Jonas. He had been surprised to learn that she was pregnant, because the doctor had said that there was a very small chance for her to get pregnant.
	"Nothing. I just like to think too much." She forced a smile without a look at Jonas. Since she was pregnant with Jonny's child, she had been living in her worries.
	On the other hand, she was extremely worried about Emily showing up in front of her. When she saw Emily, she always lost her cool. She warned herself over and over again, but it didn't work.
	If one asked Melinda when she would feel the happiest time, she would probably think it was during the college time when she foolishly chased after Jonas. As long as he looked back at her, she would smile happily.
	The simple love, the kind of bitterness, made her feel alive.
	She thought of a lot of things happened in the college, and suddenly found that they had returned to the Gu's mansion. This house was strange but familiar to her.
	"Linda is back, isn't she?" Nelson on crutches walked steadily. Hearing the powerful voice of him before she got off the car, Melinda quickly got out of the car and helped him stand.
	"Grandpa, why do you come out?" Melinda asked. She was touched by Nelson's love and care for her.
	"I went in and had a rest. I just heard the sound of the car, so I came out to have a look. It was really you."
	Nelson couldn't hide his excitement. In fact, he had asked the guard to be careful all the time. When they arrived, the guard made a call. Queena came out of the room and smiled when she saw Melinda.
	"Dinner is ready. Let's go inside," she said with a smile. She looked at her son, and found that Jonas was standing next to Melinda and looking after her carefully.
	After the four entered the room, Yulia was sitting at the table and looked at Melinda unhappily. But she didn't say anything and greeted her sister-in-law.
	"These are your favorite dishes. Jonas told me that your taste has changed a lot. I don't know if you like them or not." The family sat down, with Melinda sitting beside Nelson. Nelson began to entertain her at the table. His love for her made Yulia jealous.
	"It's delicious. Thank you, Grandpa,"
	Melinda said with a smile and Nelson just liked her to smile like that. He also smiled, and was even in a better mood than before.
	Queena said that it was due to Melinda's coming back, and she was a little embarrassed when Jonas echoed with Queena.
	But, from today on, she would start to live in Gu's mansion again.
	Melinda found that many servants in the Gu's mansion had been changed, with many new faces. She knew that it was probably because they were afraid that she would see the people who had made her unhappy in the past.
	Life in the Gu's mansion was quite simple. As usual, Melinda spared some time every day to accompany Nelson, and sometimes went to the art studio with Queena, and also the flower room.
	Nelson said that Jonas came back home more and more often and earlier.
	Emily had stopped for a long time since she blocked the car of Jonas, but that didn't mean she would give up.
	She had been waiting for an opportunity, or she had been thinking about how to do it.
	Jonas was totally on the side of Melinda now. Jerry was a coward, while Yulia was a worthless woman. Holley was totally unreliable.
	After thinking for a while, Emily still found Queena. Queena would appear in almost every painting and art exhibition in A City. In this way, Emily found her.
	She still dressed like a noble woman, and the time just made her more charming. In the past two years, with the power of Jonas, her status had also changed imperceptibly.
	At this time, many people gathered around her and complimented her. Looking at the distance, Emily had a lot of thoughts in her mind.
	On Queenas way to the bathroom, she was stopped by Emily. If Queena didn't look carefully, she almost didn't recognize the woman in front of her.
	"Hi, Auntie Yao. It's been a long time," Emily said with a smile. She was in a creamy white business suit with curly hair hanging down on her shoulders, but the smile at the corner of her mouth made Queena frown.
	"Emily Bai?"
	she called out her name hesitantly. There was a huge difference between the old Emily and this woman in front of her. She looked like a venomous witch.
	"Why are you calling me so distant? But it's really difficult to meet you now," said Emily, smoothening her hair.
	"I don't know if you are free for tea. I have something interesting to share with you." Emily gave Queena a sweet smile, but she always felt something was wrong.
	Emily made her son so miserable. She'd better not listen to her, but Queena couldn't help but be curious about what she wanted to say.
	If nothing happened, Emily would not come to her. Emily would not find her if she had no plot. Queena was suffering like being in the oil pot, but she still agreed.
	Downstairs of the art exhibition was a coffee shop. The two of them found seats casually. Emily had put a lot of effort in Jonas, which was known from her understanding about Queena's taste.
	"What do you want to talk to me?" Queena didn't want to stay with Emily for too long, so she asked her directly.
	Emily was not in a hurry and just enjoyed her coffee. When she saw Queena become more impatient, she finally spoke.
	"You should also know that Melinda had been with Kent, right?" There was nothing but cunning light in Emily's eyes, which was covered by a cup.
	Queena's face darkened when she heard that.
	"The baby that Melinda is carrying is Kent's." Emily knew that she knew they had been together once from her expression. She threw the bombshell at once.
	Queena was really exploded by this news.
	"Emily, don't talk nonsense here. Mellie and Jonas are fine now. You can't ruin their relationship," Queena said in anger, but there was a skeptical seed in her heart.
	"Aunt Yao, I'm not making up a story. Just think about that Melinda and Jonas have no child for so many years after they had been together. Why did Melinda have a child after she and Kent were together after she and Jonas get divorced?"
	Emily's words dropped a big stone in Queena's heart. 'Yeah, why did she get pregnant after divorce?'
	'Did the baby really belong to Kent?'
	When Emily saw that Queena began to doubt Melinda, she was pleased. Then, with a look of satisfaction on her face, she said, "Jonas hates me now, so I have to tell you this thing, Aunt Yao."
	After Emily left, Queena stayed there for a long time.
	She didn't return to the art exhibition, but went directly to the Gu's mansion. Melinda had been staying at home for the past few days. She was a little curious to see her back so early.
	"Auntie Yao, didn't you go to the art exhibition?" Melinda asked in curiosity. When Queena went out, she said there was a small party and she wouldn't come back for dinner. Why did she come back so soon?
	Queena looked at Melinda, a little complicated. When she saw her slightly standing belly, she wanted to say something, but hesitated.
	Seeing this, Melinda frowned and felt something was wrong.
	"Mellie, I heard that you were with Kent before." Queena thought for a long time and finally couldn't help asking. Her question caused the expression on Melinda's face to change, but she frankly admitted that she did have a relationship with Kent.
	"When did you get together? How long have you been together?" Queena asked. She wanted to know the time and see who the baby's father was, but then thought that if they really had sex, it would be a different thing.
	"Auntie Yao, when I was with him, I was already pregnant," Melinda said with a smile, but behind the smile, she was trying to suppress her anger.
	She didn't know who had spoken ill of her in front of Queena, but she guessed that it was most likely Emily.
	She was disappointed. At this time, Queena still believed the nonsense of Emily's instigator.
	There was a change in Melinda's tone, but Queena didn't notice it. She still felt that there must be something wrong between Kent and her. Besides, Melinda had a baby and Kent was still willing to be with her. Something must be wrong.
	The distrust on Queena's face irritated Melinda very much, but she didn't say it out loud, instead she casually found an excuse to avoid her. 
Chapter 269 Becoming Confused
	Queena's skeptical attitude and words upset Melinda. Melinda felt uncomfortable in Gu's mansion.
	Melinda's evasive behavior only enhanced the doubt in Queena's heart. It seemed that there were thousands of words in what they talked. Melinda said it very clearly, but Queena still believed in what Emily said.
	This made her feel very irritated, and it was also a kind of fret that she had nowhere to vent.
	Melinda didn't want to start a fight as soon as she came back, but her emotion was greatly affected, and she looked depressed for the next few days.
	Noticing that, Jonas was worried. When he went back home and saw that Melinda was in a daze again, she couldn't help but ask, "Linda, what's wrong with you these days? Are you uncomfortable staying at home?"
	"No, I didn't."
	Her subconsciously answer. She was actually very uncomfortable, which made her feel very depressed, but she didn't him the reason.
	Queena's suspicion was the greatest insult to Melinda.
	"Can I take you out for a walk when I'm free?" In Jonas's view, it was boring to stay at home alone for a long time. In the past, if she had told that she can go out to have fun, she would have been a little interested in it.
	But she was still wearing a blank face.
	It could be said that she had no response to his words. Jonas looked at her suspiciously, and then Jonas helplessly found that Melinda was absent-minded again.
	Seeing that, Jonas was very worried. He had asked her why she looked like this for several times, but he could not figure out what had happened at all.
	He started to make a wild guess and couldn't figure out the reason.
	Queena's question came to Melinda's mind. 'A few days ago, she was still nice, or she asked me in a roundabout way, but now she doubted the child in my womb publicly.'
	Melinda explained that Queena doubted that it was not Jonas's baby, but she didn't explain that Queena thought she was guilty, and Queena were getting more and more strange these days for Melinda.
	Melinda even supposed that the baby in her womb would be destroyed the next second by Queena.
	Not knowing the reason, finally Jonas asked his mother.
	Queena was not in good mood recently. She seemed preoccupied, and Jonas gave a little surprise when hecame to her.
	"Mommy, are you busy now?"
	He came to the drawing room of Queena. She held the brush in her hand, but it didn't leave a mark on the rice paper.
	"No, what's wrong?" Queena asked in confusion after putting away the tools in her hand. Her mood was very complicated these days. On the one hand, she told herself not to believe what Emily said; on the other hand, she felt that Melinda's behavior was very suspicious.
	In the end, she was certain that it was not Jonas's baby.
	But since it happened, it would have a negative impact on Jonas and Melinda if she just told him what she had seen. By then, Jonny would be totally devastated.
	Queena was in a dilemma.
	"Mommy, do you feel that there's something wrong with Linda these day Since Jonas worked in the company for a long time, he wasn't sure if it was the case or not, so he asked her mother directly.
	The more worried he was, the more worried Queena was.
	Her son might not know that he had been cuckolded by Melinda.
	"I think it's normal." Queena said in a voice dripping with conscience. She knew better than anyone why Melinda was down in the past few days.
	Jonas felt there was something wrong with his mother's words, but he couldn't find what it was.
	Thinking of the situation of Melinda in the past two days, he felt that Melinda didn't look good at all. "Really? But I found that she was often absent-minded these two days when I came back. It's so unusual. She seldom looked like this before. Is it because she's pregnant? "
	It was said that pregnant women tended to be sentimental. Did she overthink things when he was away? But it shouldn't be. When he was at home, Linda still acted like this. And even if he was at home, he felt that Melinda began to reject this family.
	It was a subtle feeling. But he really felt that his mood was also affected and got a little anxious.
	"No, it's not." Queena said in a cold tone. It seemed that she had made up her mind. Looking at Jonas, she thought, 'I should tell him everything.'
	She couldn't let him know nothing about it.
	"Jon, actually I have one thing to ask you." Queena felt it difficult to speak it out. Whether she should ask him that "Dear, do you know you have been cuckolded?"?
	"Mommy, just say it. Don't hide your true feelings and get ill."
	Looking at his mother, Jonas felt that this must have something to do with Melinda.
	"She stayed with you for such a long time before. Why couldn't she get pregnant? Did you have an examination?" Queena asked. He did not know why she brought up this topic, but still concealed the fact that It's hard for Melinda to conceive.
	"It depends on fate. We were on birth control at that time."
	"Tell me the truth." Queena's tone became more serious. She felt that there was not much chance of being on birth control between them. There must be a hidden reason for this. Was there something wrong with him?
	"Mommy, what do you want to say?" He didn't understand why his mother brought this up. He was a little uneasy.
	What happened next proved his guess.
	"Have you ever thought about why she didn't have a child for so long, but she was pregnant after she divorced you? And during this period, she was with another man!"
	Queena's voice became heavier, and even called Melinda's full name. Hearing that, Jonas felt confused.
	Jonas finally found the reason for Melinda's abnormal behavior during this period. He looked at his mother with sharp eyes.
	"Do you suspect that the child is not mine?" He had to make sure that if the woman in front of him were not his mother, he would definitely let her know what disaster came out of the mouth.
	Queena was a little embarrassed, but still said with bravado, "I just said the truth. Was I wrong."
	"Did you say these words in Linda's company?" Jonny thought his mother must be crazy to do such a thing.
	He couldn't believe that she had endured such a question for such a long time. Every time he thought of this, his heart ached.
	"I just asked it." Queena said indifferently. Recently, she had asked Melinda about it every day, as if Melinda had been forced to say that this was Kent's baby in her womb.
	"Mommy, you are such a fool. Don't you know what kind of person Linda is? Who said these words to you? " Jonas sighed. He felt angry with his mother for not trusting Melinda.
	But then he thought for a while. If not the gossip here, how could his mother think of this.
	Queena didn't answer, but her eyes were dodging. He tried hard to suppress the anger in his heart and asked, "is it Emily?"
	She still didn't answer, but her action had proved everything, which was done by Emily.
	"Mommy, you should know that I had a child with Linda once. You should know how we lost that child."
	"It's okay," said Jonas before he left. The child was a pain in her heart, and he didn't dare to mention it.
	Every time he looked at the belly of Melinda, he could not help but think of the baby he had lost. The guilt was overwhelming, so he wanted the baby to be fine.
	But he didn't expect that the baby's mother would be suspected by his or her grandmother.
	When Jonas went back to the bedroom to look for Melinda, she kept the same action as before, like a statue. She quietly leaned on the bed, with a book in her hand, but her sight was not concentrated at all.
	"Linda." Jonas walked over and hugged her directly. After coming to herself, she somewhat resisted and finally silently nestled in the arms of Jonas.
	Looking at her somewhat gaunt appearance, he was annoyed. "Linda, I'm sorry."
	I didn't protect you well, so you were wronged at home.
	Melinda didn't know why he apologized. Then she heard that "Mommy was in a daze for a few days. But don't worry, she will finally be fined. And I will teach Emily a lesson. I'll punish "
	When he mentioned the name of Emily, he was really very resentful.
	"You think I'm unhappy because of Emily?" With a beautiful smile, Melinda's eyes bent.
	Her smile was very infectious and made people feel comfortable. Moreover, he could not help but relaxed.
	But her words confused Jonas. Didn't she feel unhappy because of this? What would happen then.
	He felt that his brain as a businessman was not working well enough.
	"I know what kind of person Emily is long ago. If I get angry because of everything she did, sooner or later I will go mad."
	To be honest, she didn't want to cause trouble for herself. After all, Emily had done a lot of dirty things.
	"Well, it's not worth it." Both Yun and Pei agreed with what Mo Lian said.
	Melinda sighed and handed her whole body to Jonas. Then she said slowly: "I'm just a little sad that mommy doesn't trust me."
	Jonas held her in his arms, showing his disapproval of what his mother had done.
	"I'm sorry. My mommy made a mistake this time. I've told her that didn't do it anymore." Jonas smiled and said, not embarrassed of blaming his mother for his wife.
	"You haven't had a good rest for several days. Have a good rest." It seemed that she hadn't been sleeping well recently. Therefore, Jonas patted her on the back to comfort her.
Chapter 270 Miscarriage
	This matter was perfectly solved because of the help and explanation of Jonas. After that, Queena began to regret what she had said these days.
	Because it was Jonas who tried to be the peacemaker, the conflict between Melinda and her was finally solved.
	Melinda was so infuriated that she rested at home for a long time. But when it came to the matter of going back to work, Jonas always changed the topic.
	Melinda was weak after she got pregnant. Therefore, Jonas didn't want to let her go to work at all, but Melinda felt that staying at home made her mind wander.
	Because of her previous experience, she didn't want to stay at home like a person who was good for nothing.
	"I want to have my own career."
	Melinda's eyes were full of determination. Many people would be a little bit weaker when looking at the chilly eyes of Jonas, but she said firmly, word for word.
	She wanted to have her own career, not to waste her time. Every day she woke up, she only thought about how to spend this day, as if she was suffering hard.
	She liked the working atmosphere. Although many colleagues of the company were not very friendly to her, she still liked this society.
	It made her feel that she was not isolated from the society, and she did what she wanted to do, which made people feel happy.
	So Melinda didn't want to lose her job.
	"Linda, the doctor advised you to have a good rest." Jonas was frightened by her stubbornness. As soon as Melinda took the medicine for miscarriage prevention, she began to make a fuss about going to work.
	"But you know, staying at home all day makes me have blind and disorderly conjectures."
	Melinda blinked her eyes innocently. Jonas could see what she wanted to say but did not say from her bright eyes.
	It was easy for her to be depressed and doubt her value if she stayed at home. She didn't know why she appeared in the world, whispering a lot. Jonas had heard it for a long time.
	"I'll take you out on weekend, and you can stay online for half an hour more. Didn't you say that you wanted to learn how to make pastries some time ago? I have asked Ted to find you a teacher,"
	Jonas said with a smile. And then he added that she could read a book and talk with the baby, play chess with his grandfather, and even deal with the plants and flowers in the greenhouse. In a word, she could do a lot of things every day without thinking too much.
	"I just want to go back to work now." Melinda blinked her big eyes and ignored what Jonas said just now.
	"I like this job and haven't been back for a long time. I miss my colleagues so much," Melinda said, but she saw that Jonas's face suddenly turned gloomy, and she quickly covered her mouth with her hand. Her big eyes instantly became dim.
	'Oh, I shouldn't have said that.'
	Jonas was a very possessive person. It didn't matter if she missed her colleagues. The key point was that there was one colleague he cared a lot about, Victor.
	"At home, you can also try to write, okay?" said Jonas. His attitude changed suddenly. Seeing that he was a little angry, Melinda was anxious and thought about how to deal with it.
	Finally, Melinda twitched her mouth and tears welled in her eyes, looking at Jonas aggrievedly.
	Her tears had worked. Seeing this, Jonas's cold face disappeared. He held her in his arms, wiped her tears and anxiously asked, "Why are you crying? What happened?"
	It's hard to understand how pregnant women were thinking. Maybe they were just smiling to each other now and began to be sad and dejected the next second.
	"Jon, let me go back to work, okay? It's so boring to stay at home," Melinda said in a sweet tone as she pulled Jonas's sleeve.
	She seldom acted in a pettishly charming manner in front of Jonas. Her cute behavior had stunned Jonas and made him stare at her in a daze for a while. It was fun to see a trace of shock on Jonas's face, so Melinda continued to pester him like this.
	"You see, you are busy with the company's affairs every day, going out early in the morning and returning late in the evening, while I stay at home all day long, eating and playing. It makes our baby feel like I'm a loser. So let me go to work, OK?"
	Like a little child, Melinda swung Jonas's arm and acted in a spoiled manner, but Jonas's key point was obviously wrong.
	"How dare he say you are a loser! I will throw him out!" Jonas stared at her belly with his sharp eyes.
	Melinda shivered and felt scared of the baby in her belly.
	"I just want to have a word. Will you allow me to go to work or not?" Melinda threw Jonas's hand away and was angry. "If you don't allow me to go to work, I won't eat anything for the whole day. Think about it," she threatened.
	Looking at Melinda's action, which was in the style of a shrew, the corners of Jonas's eyes twitched, and he felt that he was really being threatened.
	"Okay. But if you feel anything wrong, you can't force yourself, okay?"
	Looking at Melinda, Jonas finally chose to compromise. Hearing this, she smiled and looked like a child who had won the game of snatching a toy, which was childish but also precious to him.
	Melinda finally got to work. She got up much earlier than Jonas. Half asleep, he gave her a quick hug and said, "It's still early. Go back to sleep."
	"I can't sleep. It's far from the company,"
	said Melinda. She used to live in a place not far away from the company, but the Gu's mansion was different. Hearing this, Jonas opened his eyes helplessly, and an impulse was generated in his heart to purchase the company.
	Melinda was very excited. Since there was a certain distance between the two companies, Jonas wanted to escort Melinda to her company, but she refused.
	"It's still early. I can go there by myself." Melinda didn't want to hear any rumors from the people in the company. Hearing that, Jonas was speechless. 'Now you know that it's early.'
	He usually arrived at the company at nine o'clock, but today he was unusually early at eight o'clock. William was shocked to see his arrival, almost knocking over a potted plant.
	Melinda was very familiar with this road as there were already many people on this street, and most of them were office workers.
	The company was just around the corner. However, when Melinda just turned the corner, someone suddenly patted her on the shoulder. She turned around and saw Emily, who was as haggard as a ghost.
	"Ah!" Melinda pushed Emily away in an instant and stepped back a few steps. Touching the position of her heart, she felt her whole body terrible.
	The look in Emily's eyes became much fiercer, as if Melinda was insulting her.
	"Melinda, I didn't expect you dare to be out of the Gu family," said Emily arrogantly, with her hands around her chest. However, she could not hide her jealousy on her face.
	Melinda tidied up his clothes. "Why shouldn't I dare to go out? I'm a good citizen and there are no jackals and predators outside. Why shouldn't I dare to go out?" she asked Emily, looking at Emily with a confused look.
	Emily glanced at Melinda's slightly swollen belly and felt it dazzling.
	Melinda's words and attitude were like silent provocation, which aroused all the resentment in Emily's heart.
	Emily rushed forward, and Melinda tried to dodge. However, Emily was too fast. A loud slap fell on Melinda's face.
	Emily used much strength and she almost hit Melinda with all her strength.
	Melinda felt dizzy and her body became unstable. She was eager to grasp something. Seeing that, Emily thought she was going to fight back, so she dodged to the side and shouted ferociously, "Bitch."
	Melinda clutched the air, and she became anxious. She hurriedly covered her belly, and then fell to the ground like a broken butterfly.
	The pain from her lower abdomen made Melinda let out a muffled groan. She covered her belly with both hands, her eyes devoid of any light, and she glared at Emily with resentment.
	Emily didn't expect this to happen. She looked around and then left in a hurry.
	Melinda covered her belly with her hands, and a familiar feeling overwhelmed her. She grabbed one of the passers-by's trouser legs, and yelled in a hoarse and despairing voice, "Please, save my child."
	Many people around looked at her, but they were afraid of making trouble, so no one stepped forward to save Melinda. She was so anxious that her tears ran out, and the man who was clutched by her also quickly avoided like she was the plague.
	At last, a young man got Melinda into a taxi and took her to the nearest hospital.
	Melinda was sent to the operating room. When the hospital called Jonas, he felt it was dark and he staggered to the hospital.
	Melinda was still in the operation. The young man, who took her to the hospital, was sitting outside the operating room. Obviously, he was a little surprised to see Jonas, but then he asked, "Are you the husband of that pregnant woman?"
	"How is she?" Jonas didn't know why it was so difficult for him to tell a word like he was suffering from aphrodisiac. Seeing his painful look, the man scratched his head and told him the truth with regret.
	"The doctor said that she can't keep the baby... Don't be too sad. Both of you are still young. It's easy to have another baby," the man comforted Jonas, and said something that only the doctors would say.
	Jonas had no strength to listen. He leaned against the wall, dejected. He even began to regret that he should be tough and no matter what Linda said, he wouldn't let her go out alone.
	The news that Melinda had a miscarriage couldn't be concealed at all. Soon, Nelson and Queena received the news and rushed over from the Gu's mansion.
	Melinda lied on the bed with a pale face. Jonas looked older in an instant. He sat beside the bed, with his hands holding hers tightly, accompanying her. 
Chapter 271 She Doesn't Deserve To Have Her Own Child
	The family all felt sorry for Melinda. The young man told Jonas that she had a conflict with someone and that was why she fell down.
	At that time, he stood quite far away, and he didn't know exactly what the person looked like. He only knew that it was a woman, tall and thin.
	Jonas thought of Emily in an instant.
	No one could have a conflict with Melinda except for Emily.
	At the same time, Emily, who left in a hurry, could not help but feel scared after the accident. However, she also began to inquire about the news about Melinda, and was very happy to know that she had a miscarriage.
	She completely forgot about the fear she had experienced these days.
	After Melinda's miscarriage, she became even more silent, and there were few words spoken all the day. Queena and Nelson couldn't ask any more questions.
	The servants in the Gu's mansion had to make full use of every means for Melinda. No matter how busy Jonas was in the company, he had to stay in the hospital to take care of her personally.
	The death of the baby made the whole family fall into a heavy atmosphere, especially Melinda, who was often in a trance.
	She took all the blame on herself. If she hadn't been so self-willed, nothing would have happened, and Emily wouldn't have succeeded.
	She promised that she would protect the baby well, but in the end she lost her.
	Maybe she was a mom who didn't deserve to have a baby, so they left one by one.
	She was getting more and more insensitive to the outside world. Most of the time, she just acted like a puppet, doing anything others told her to do.
	Jonas was scared when he realized it. He asked the doctor and the doctor only said that her condition was normal and asked her family to accompany and comfort her.
	Melinda could only be discharged from the hospital after staying in hospital for a week. The elderly said that miscarriage was like sitting on the bed to a month after the baby was born and she needed to be taken good care of.
	She was arranged in an apartment like ward, and two servants were arranged to take care of her from home. Queena often came to the hospital to take care of her, but Jonas was still worried about her, so he had to do everything in person.
	But he was not a man of iron. Even if Jonas was a man of iron, he would be tired too. Moreover, losing a child would not only make Melinda suffer, but also make him suffer.
	But he concealed all this with his strong indifference. He still had to protect Melinda. If he was defeated, what would she do?
	After resting for a few days, Melinda was slightly better. But she would touch her stomach and feel flat from time to time. Then she realized that the child had left her.
	"You don't have to stay here every day. Go back to have a rest later." Looking at the black circles under the eyes of Jonas, Melinda could not help but say so. Since she could not sleep well these days, Jonas could not sleep well as well.
	She was able to sleep for a while during the day. But since Jonas had a lot of things to deal with, he was much thinner than Melinda.
	"I'm fine," said Jonas. What he thought was very simple. He wanted to be with Melinda. He didn't want her to think that she was alone.
	He had seen her looking at the children in the garden downstairs for several times, and his heart seemed to be clutched tightly by something, which made him uncomfortable.
	Melinda had persuaded him for a while, but Jonas still didn't listen to her. In the end, she had no choice but to let him help her solve half of the physical tonic things that were sent to her from home.
	Jonas guessed that it was Emily who did it, but he had no evidence. Since Melinda woke up, she didn't mention it, and he didn't dare to ask. At last, he decided to turn the matter over to Ted.
	He asked Ted to get the answer.
	Ted was clever. Judging from the tone of Jonas, he knew that Emily must have done something else.
	It was easy to find where Emily lived. Through Ted's investigation, he also found that Emily was always inquiring about the news of Melinda. With a bit thought, Emily was very likely to be involved in Melinda's miscarriage.
	At this time, Ted's men came in handy again. A group of nice young men came to Emily's home like hooligans, and took her away in broad daylight.
	When Emily came to herself, she found herself in a dark room with slight echo.
	She was tied to a chair, and after struggling for a while, she realized that the leash could not be untied.
	However, the light from the ceiling suddenly came on. Looking at the light of her pale face, it was suitable for her to act as a female ghost.
	Looking at the woman in front of him, Ted's several subordinates were eating sunflower seeds outside the house with a cruel expression.
	There was a monitor inside the small dark room, so that group of people could see everything in it.
	"It's you. Let me go." Seeing Ted, Emily instantly became arrogant. Although Ted was promoted by Jonas later and most of the time he was in the dark, Emily still recognized him at a glance that this one was a man of Jonas.
	"Let you go? Don't even think about it!" Ted spit and said with disgust. It was this disgusting woman that killed the young master's child.
	"How dare you to kidnap me? Do you believe that I will tell Jonas and let you never turn over?"
	Emily continued to struggle and then warned him. It never occurred to her that Ted would kidnap her just because he had received the order from Jonas.
	Ted looked at Emily, as if he was looking at an idiot, and then laughed.
	"Miss Bai, don't flatter yourself," said Ted, with a long whip in his hand. He was about to do something, but the boss didn't say whether he could hurt her. He didn't know what to do, but it was enough to frighten Emily.
	"Did you do her miscarriage?" Ted continued to ask in a vicious tone, which was a little similar to that of Jonas.
	Hearing this, Emily sneered. She thought that these people certainly had no evidence so that they would ask her like that. So she just refused to admit it.
	"You guys are so funny. Just because I like Jonas, so Melinda always blames me for what happened to her."
	In Ted's mind, Emily was really a good actress. She acted so well that people who didn't know her before might think that she had been wronged.
	She knew clearly what she had done.
	"Do you think there is no surveillance camera on that street?" Ted said. He knew that his buddies didn't like to deal with troubles, so they didn't ask the police to get the surveillance video. But if they really wanted it, his buddies could find it soon.
	There was finally some change on Emily's face at this time. But she still said that it was none of her business. Emily made Ted lose his temper. So he called Jonas.
	"Give her a lesson, and she'll tell you the truth." There was no affection in Jonas's voice. If he could carefully feel it, he would still feel a hint of hatred.
	Considering what Jonas had said to him, Ted decided to do it. He called his friends to teach Emily a lesson.
	They first quarreled with her several times, which made Emily feel irritable, and then they returned to the next room and she was alone in the dark room with no light in the air. There was even some scary sound from time to time.
	Emily shrank into herself, feeling that all these people were devils. People outside could hear her scream inside from time to time.
	"Wow, what a free haunted house! Women are yellow-bellied," Ted said. A few seconds later, Emily's mind went blank.
	"I admit I did all of this. But so what? That bitch deserved it. Melinda doesn't deserve to have Jonas's baby,"
	Emily screamed to the void. She looked at the location of the original light and was sure that those people could see it.
	Shocked by what she said, Ted felt angry.
	Ted rushed into the room immediately and slapped Emily on her face. "Damn it! I really want to kill her!"
	Emily's face was burning with pain, but she was happy to scold Melinda. She continued to scold her. The more she cursed, the angrier Ted became. When Ted was thinking about whether to tape her mouth with a tape, a group of people came into the door again.
	He had been on the phone with Jonas all the time, and Jonas knew exactly what happened inside. He also heard the abusive words from Emily to Melinda.
	Emily's yelling seemed to have lost control and stopped. She looked at Jonas blankly.
	She said those words just because she was sure Ted dared not to do anything to her. But when she saw Jonas in front of her, she started to be scared.
	"Boss." Ted walked to Jonas's side and greeted him respectfully. Jonas looked at Emily.
	His calm eyes frightened Emily. She shrank back and called out "Jonas" with hesitation and fear.
	"It's disgusting," Jonas said coldly. Hearing that, Emily's face turned pale. She dared not to look at Jonas, because it was too scary. And he looked like a devil from head to toe.
	The devil began to show his claws and teeth.
	There were several men following Jonas. They dressed like men but looked at Emily with greedy eyes. Jonas told them that a good job would be done today, but unfortunately, they only had one beauty.
	But it didn't matter, because it was more exciting.
	When Emily saw the group of people's eyes, it was very cold. She wanted to drive them away as arrogantly as she used to be, but she heard Jonas saying indifferently, "She is right here. Just don't kill her."
	When the men heard it, they rushed to Emily. Emily was shocked with her eyes wide open, and looked at Jonas in horror. She said incredulously, "Jonas, what are you talking about?"
	"What am I talking about? Do you want me to pretend nothing had happened after you killed the baby of Linda and me? Emily Bai, don't be so naive."
	Those men started to take liberties with Emily. She struggled desperately but it did not work at all. Emily really felt fear.
Chapter 272 Let Her Go
	The horror spread from inside to the whole body. Emily felt that her hands and feet were cold, and she could not help trembling.
	She always knew that Jonas was not a soft hearted person, on the contrary, he was ruthless.
	This time, Emily felt the cruelty of destruction from Jonas. Those men didn't want to tie her up, so they loosened the rope in her hand, and Emily climbed in front of Jonas.
	"I know I was wrong. Please spare me, Jonas." Emily held his leg, but he avoided it easily and Emily lied on the ground in a very awkward position.
	Looking down at her, Jonas seemed to be in a superior position. She was overwhelmed with fear.
	Looking at Emily, the men around couldn't help laughing. How arrogant this woman was before, but now she was just like this.
	"Emily, can you hear your own nonsense?" There was no expression on Jonas's face. The coldness, from inside out, not only Emily, but also Ted and others dared not to say anything.
	Emily didn't keep her promise to Jonas, so when Jonas heard she said she was wrong, he even thought it was a waste of time.
	"I really know I was wrong. I will never do that again. Jonas, please forgive me," cried Emily in tears. She felt sick at the thought that she was molested by those men.
	In fact, Jonas didn't really want to do something bad to her. But if he didn't teach her a good lesson, she might not be able to repent.
	"I can let you off today, but if you dare to harm Linda in the future again, the scene today will appear again. I'll take a video and expose it. Take care,"
	Jonas said coldly. The warning words came out of his mouth just like normal greetings, but Emily's heart trembled again.
	She fell to the ground in fear. Jonas and his men left her behind.
	But Melinda knew nothing about this. She was still in the hospital to recuperate and try to adjust her mood.
	Jonas didn't listen to her. A week later, the doctor checked up for Melinda and confirmed that she was all right. She just need to take a good rest at home after leaving the hospital.
	After leaving the hospital, Melinda was still taken to the Gu's mansion. Nelson invited Vern to live in their house, in order to make Melinda feel better.
	Queena didn't go to the art exhibitions every day. She was always with Melinda, and sometimes she would cook something for her in person.
	There were many servants in the house, but her kindness was rare. Queena felt sad for Melinda's losing her child, and regretted her previous doubts that caused such an accident because of Melinda's depression and not willing to stay at home.
	"Look at the food you eat these days, it is a little bit greasy. This is the new dish I learned from the chief. Try it. If you like it, we can eat this dish these days." Queena went to Melinda's bedroom with a bowl of soup in her hand.
	She offered good care to Melinda, as she was afraid that Melinda might have a poor appetite. Thus, she made full preparations in different ways. She had been busy in the kitchen recently.
	Melinda was reading a book. She could tell it was good from the scent, but she had no appetite.
	Queena's good intention was something she couldn't refuse, so even if Melinda had to force herself to eat it, she would eat it. Queena regretted it more in her heart. What a good child! Only she would be so stupid to question her. No wonder she was blamed by her son.
	"Recently, you just eat the medicinal meals, which are good for your health. You should endure the smell." Queena smelled the smell of the medicine and didn't feel well. Although the chief covered the smell with something else, she could feel it in her mouth.
	"It's okay. It's good. Mommy, you don't have to be with me all the time."
	Melinda drank a mouthful of soup, her eyes falling on the bowl and slowly said. Many people invited Queena to have fun by phone. Melinda heard a lot and knew that she had pushed a lot for her.
	Queena rarely came into this circle recently. She didn't want Queena to be squeezed out again because of her.
	After experiencing that, Queena didn't care a little bit. These people congratulated her now. In the future when she was defeated, they would add insult to injury. As long as Jonas was stable in Gu family, these people dared not say anything to her in public.
	"Remember to be careful when you have a miscarriage. I know more than you, so don't think about anything else," Queena said. Then she accompanied Melinda to watch TV and chat with her.
	Melinda was a little embarrassed, but she found that Jonas was like Queena in the aspect of temper. For example, they both turned a blind eye to Melinda's asking them to have a rest.
	Vern was very angry when he heard that Melinda had a miscarriage. His daughter was fine all the time. She had only been back to Gu family for a short time, but the baby died.
	However, when he saw that the members of the Gu family were not so comfortable, he gradually calmed down. These two days, in the Gu family, when he saw Melinda, even if she lost her child, their family was quite harmonious. Besides, he saw the attitude of Queena and Jonas, which relieved him a lot.
	With the company of Queena and her father, Melinda gradually regained her mood, and there was a little smile on her face.
	Recently, Jonas went out early and came back late. Melinda guessed that he must be busy dealing with Emily.
	She didn't tell Jonas what had happened this time, and he did not ask her about it. She knew that he must have investigated it. It happened on the street, so it was easy for Jonas to find out the truth.
	After the loss of two children, Melinda seemed to be open-minded for a long time. She was a light sleeper. With something on her mind tonight, she couldn't fall asleep.
	Jonas was still busy with his business in the study. After getting up from the bed slowly, Melinda found a coat at random and went to the study next door.
	He was in the middle of a video conference. Seeing that Melinda pushed the door in, he was stunned. Then he quickly told the person on the other side of the video that it was finished and hung up the meeting.
	Feeling that she disturbed Jonas, Melinda stepped back and was about to leave. But Jonas strode over and held her by his hand from the position of the desk.
	His big palm was warm, making Melinda look more delicate.
	"You can't sleep?" Half holding Melinda in his arms, Jonas walked to the desk and then held her in his arms. Smelling the familiar scent from Melinda, he felt that he was not that tired.
	However, when his fingers fell on Melinda's underbelly, her body stiffened for a moment.
	"A little,"
	Melinda said and adjusted a comfortable position to lean against Jonas. Since Jonas's computer was still on, she clicked on the mouse and an old song was played.
	It was a light and slow song, the soft voice like the spring wind, making people feel very comfortable and very comforting. Hearing that, Melinda closed her eyes involuntarily.
	She did not sleep well these days and often recalled the scene that the two children left. They stood together hand in hand and smiled at her, but went away from her. No matter how she chased them, she only touched nothing.
	When Melinda woke up, she saw the worried face of Jonas. The baby in her dream looked like him very much. At this moment, her tears could not help falling down.
	"I lull you to sleep?" There was no teasing in Jonas's voice, but only tenderness.
	These days, Melinda fell asleep and woke up suddenly from time to time. Then Jonas comforted her to sleep.
	"Jon, what have you been busy with these days?" Melinda asked. She didn't say it directly, but Jonas already knew what she was going to say.
	"I'm sorry. There are so many things in the company recently that I can't always be with you."
	Though Jonas said so, Melinda still couldn't believe it. A few days ago, he had accompanied her even if it was busy in the company. Why did he change his mind so soon? He must have hidden something.
	"Jon, tell me the truth. Did you go to see Emily?" Melinda sounded a little tougher, and even didn't relax her position in his arms as before. She seemed to be on the alert.
	This was Melinda's usual reaction when she mentioned Emily. Feeling that, Jonas only felt pity for her.
	"Yes,"
	Jonas said lightly, but a hint of cruelty flashed across his eyes. That was his child. How could he let Emily go so easily?
	"Jon. Actually, you don't have to worry about it anymore, since the thing has happened, no matter how much you do, it can't be redeemed." When Melinda spoke, she looked like an aged man who had no longer cared about anything in the world.
	The old Melinda had been able to go back to this quagmire, supported by hatred. It was the child that had pulled her out, but now that the child was dead, she seemed to have no energy to care about anything, as if she had lost her vitality.
	Hearing this, Jonas touched Melinda's hair gently and then patted her on the back. "Go to sleep, and you won't think about this."
	Melinda's eyelashes trembled, and she closed her eyes at last.
	She knew it clear that Jonas wouldn't give up and he wouldn't let go of Emily easily.
	Actually, Jonas wouldn't let go of Emily. He had made up his mind to make Emily have no chance to get back. The past dirty news was simply not powerful enough to bring her into trouble. So he asked Ted and his companions to look for a lot of photos of Emily having sex with others when she wanted to get some roles.
	If these pictures were posted, Emily would be able to leave the entertainment circle completely. She could still use money to maintain her connection. At that time, everyone would sneer at her as if she was a scorpion in disguise.
	Melinda fell asleep in the arms of Jonas, but she did not sleep very tight. She began to dream of the two children again. As soon as she opened her eyes, which were covered with cold sweat, she saw the worried eyes of Jonas.
	"I'm fine," she said as usual. But when she looked at the computer, she opened her eyes wide in shock, ignoring Jonas's eyes.
Chapter 273 Miscarriage Depression
	There were many photos showing on the screen. Melinda did not know the man, but she knows the woman very well.
	And these pictures looked very dirty.
	"Are you going to post them online?" Looking at the photos on the computer screen, Melinda asked Jonas behind her, who was actually telling her the truth by this.
	All the documents were passed to him by Ted. It seemed that this was not a whim.
	Jonas didn't answer, but acquiesced in it.
	Emily was really hateful. If he did nothing, he would feel sorry for that deceased child.
	With a complicated look on her face, Melinda felt disgusted at those pictures. She moved her head away and said, "Forget it. She will be completely ruined if these pictures are exposed."
	No matter what, Emily used to be the one in the heart of Jonas. Melinda didn't want him to regret his impulsive behavior later.
	"Such a woman should be destroyed." From Jonas's tone, there was no emotion at all. It could be seen that he really hated Emily. How could Melinda not hate her? It was just that now she had no strength to hate anyone.
	"No need." Melinda broke herself free from the arms of Jonas. The smile on her face was as gentle as usual, but it was a little bleak for him.
	She left the desk and stood up. With a smile on her face, she said to Jonas in a spoiled manner, "Jon, I want to have a rest in my room. Can you accompany me?"
	Taking a glance at Jonas and the type setting news in the computer, Melinda closed the web page according to her request.
	He led Melinda back to her bedroom. She was indeed sleepy, but before laying down, she didn't forget to say, "Release her."
	She could tell from Jonas's chatting records with Ted that Emily was still under Ted's control. No wonder she hadn't come out for such a long time.
	If it was in the past, Emily would surely add insult to injury.
	After Melinda fell asleep, Jonas thought for a while and had Ted release her. But before he did so, he had warned her again.
	It seemed that nothing had happened before. Melinda didn't mention it again, and Jonas didn't mention it either. But sometimes she would read the news on the Internet, which showed that Jonas had finally stopped.
	After the miscarriage, Melinda wanted to distract her attention by doing something else, but Queena felt that she had to rest at home for at least a month, so her intention of going back to work was stopped.
	Jonas began to go out early and come back late. Every day when Melinda woke up, she found that the other part of the bed was cold and when she fell asleep, her side was empty. If she didn't wake up in the middle of the night, she didn't know that Jonas had come back.
	Today, there were only three people at the dinner table. Jonas was busy with his work, while Yulia and Melinda were not getting well with each other. They would never sit together for dinner.
	Gu family paid attention to health care when eating, and it was not like the other people who only wanted to eat delicacies.
	"Jonas is not going home for dinner today, right?" Unlike Melinda, Nelson felt that his grandson hadn't been home for several days. He hadn't seen Jonas all day.
	Hearing this, Queena stopped filling the soup, and then continued her movements as if nothing had happened, but she explained for Jonas, "Recently, he's busy with work early and returning late. I saw him early yesterday, and he has lost a lot of weight."
	Several days ago, Jonas insisted on accompanying Melinda, even if he had something urgent to deal with. So there were a lot of things piled up in a week.
	Queena's heart ached when she saw him like that, but she couldn't do anything about it. Her son was stubborn enough to not listen to her, so she just let him be.
	"He can finish the company's affairs soon. I don't know what he is doing every day," Nelson said angrily, but in fact, he wanted Queena to have a talk with Jonas.
	His health was one thing, and the other was Mellie. The smile on her face had disappeared for days.
	Queena knew what Nelson meant instantly, but it was not easy to persuade Jonas. When she made the call, the person who answered it was always Ted or William.
	Either the boss was in a meeting, or he was on his way to a meeting to meet a business partner. His schedule was always tight than that of a superstar.
	It could be seen that Jonas was very busy. Melinda hadn't slept well these days, but she was rather drowsy. Leaning against the bedside, she unconsciously fell asleep. In her dream, the two children left her world hand in hand, as usual.
	Tears ran down from Melinda's cheeks. Her eyelashes trembled like the wings of a butterfly. She slowly opened her eyes, and the warm hug she used to have beside her was nowhere to be found.
	Melinda took out her phone and looked at the time. It was already one o'clock in the morning, and Jonas hadn't come back yet.
	Jonas didn't turn on the light when he got home and didn't notice that Melinda was awake. He went to the bathroom to take a shower. Then he held Melinda in his arms and fell asleep soon.
	In the dark, Melinda's mood was very complicated. The man beside her was very warm, but she felt that she was in a world of ice and snow.
	Melinda felt sorry for herself. She had asked Jonas to work when he looked after her in the hospital. Since he was busy with his work now, she felt that she was ignored by him.
	It was a very contradictory state of mind.
	After Nelson said that, Jonas came home a little earlier than before, but he only took his work home to deal with it.
	On the dinner table, Jonas was seldom here. He had lost a lot of weight, so his clothes were a little loose and his eyes were sunken, but his bright eyes were still charming.
	On the table, Jonas sat next to Melinda, and picked up some food for her as usual. But Melinda didn't utter a word, just moved away the bowl and ate her own.
	Jonas was stunned. Queena and Nelson were also a little surprised to see that. Melinda had never done such a disgraceful thing before.
	And the person whom she did this to was Jonas.
	Sensing something wrong, Jonas put down his chopsticks and looked at Melinda. With a slight frown, he looked more haggard.
	"What's wrong, Linda?"
	Still unwilling to speak, Melinda just ate silently. After not eating much, she put down the chopsticks and left without saying a word.
	At this moment, everyone felt that something was wrong. What Melinda did was just too abnormal.
	Seeing Melinda did this to Jonas in public, Yulia laughed out loud. Feeling the atmosphere was weird, she stopped and went back to her bedroom.
	Queena felt sorry for her son very much. During this period of time, he had been busy and tired, and when he came back home, he couldn't get any warm words, and he was even ignored by Melinda like this.
	But she could understand it. Melinda was sad for her child's death, and Jonas had been busy with work recently. She herself couldn't stand it when he went out early and came back late.
	"Mellie's been acting weird recently,"
	Nelson suddenly said quietly. Hearing his words, Queena also felt something different.
	"What happened to Linda?"
	Jonas hadn't been home these days, so he didn't know much about Melinda's situation. At this time, he began to regret. As grandpa said, there were always too many things to deal with in the company. Why didn't he have time to accompany Linda?
	But it was too late to say anything now.
	"Linda hasn't said a word for several days," Queena said with hesitation. Such an obvious change was not noticed by her and she even said that she would take good care of Melinda.
	Eyes popped, Jonas hurriedly stood up and went upstairs.
	Opening the door, he saw that Melinda was sitting on the bed, immersed in her own thoughts with a book in her hand. She didn't give any response even after Jonas entered the room.
	The book in her hand was a parenting book. Jonas felt sorry for her when he saw the book. He walked over and put the book away. Then Melinda looked up at him after a few seconds.
	"Linda, what's wrong with you?" Holding Melinda's face in his hands, Jonas asked. And his eyes were full of worry. He was really afraid that something might happen to Melinda.
	Looking at Jonas, Melinda didn't say a word. Her black and white eyes were not as agile as before.
	"Isn't there anything you want to say to me, Linda?" Jonas coaxed Melinda with a coaxing tone, because his mother said that Melinda hadn't spoken for a long time. At this moment, he was desperate to hear her voice.
	Even a "Hum" was better than this silence.
	She looked at him and then lowered her head.
	Shocked, Jonas didn't give up and continued to talk to Melinda, "Linda, are you mad at me? I'm sorry, I know I've been too busy recently. How about going to the company with me tomorrow?"
	She could also rest in the company, and then he would take care of her himself.
	Melinda wriggled her fingers silently. It seemed that Jonas was talking to himself. After a long while, he held her in his arms and sighed, "Let's go to the hospital tomorrow, okay?"
	He had sensed that there was something wrong with Melinda, but she still had to go to the hospital to be checked. Melinda was getting better. Therefore, Jonas naively thought that she had recovered from the pain of losing her child. And Jonas tried to paralyze himself by being busy.
	He tried to get rid of the pain in this way, but he didn't notice that Melinda was even more upset.
	Jonas called the experts in the hospital, accompanied by Queena.
	"Linda has been in low spirits these days. She doesn't want to talk. What's going on?" Although Jonas was not euphemistic enough, his worry was obvious.
	The doctor asked a lot of details, which were replied by Queena. At last, he made a psychological test for Melinda, and finally diagnosed that she was suffering from miscarriage depression.
	"It's normal that the patient's mood hasn't been adjusted. You should spend more time with your lover. And the most important thing is to adjust her mentality. You said she often had nightmares at midnight, so I'll prescribe you some medicine to soothe her. 
Chapter 274 You Will Have It
	Melinda's situation was beyond everyone's expectation. Jonas was distressed and regretful for Melinda when holding her in his arms.
	She had suffered a lot because of him.
	Looking at them, Queena was also distressed. She advised his son, "Don't blame yourself too much. It's my fault for Linda's injury."
	She took on the responsibility. She had promised that she would take good care of Melinda, but she didn't even notice that the depression.
	Jonas didn't care at all. Her depressive symptoms actually showed up from the beginning. He himself as her husband did not realize, how could his mother find out that there was something wrong with Linda?
	The doctor had just said that a repeated nightmare was the omen.
	Looking at the two people, Melinda tightly frowned, wondering why they looked so serious. She was still immersed in her own world after the psychological test just now.
	So Melinda did not notice the doctor's diagnosis.
	The medicine was sent directly to the doctor's office by a nurse in the hospital. Holding Melinda in his arms, Jonas asked the doctor about many points that needed to be taken care of, and finally took her home.
	Nelson had been waiting for her anxiously. He was so sad and remorseful when he learned that Melinda suffered from miscarriage depression.
	The whole family seemed to be shrouded in a haze. Except for Yulia, everyone was in a heavy mood. Jonas handed over the company's affairs to William, and generally there was no major matter.
	Aron started to be active, but Jonas didn't care about it at all. After all, the only thing he wanted to do was to spend more time with Melinda.
	Recently, it was easy for Melinda to fall into a trance. The soothing medicine prescribed by the doctor had some side effects, which made people more likely to be sleepy.
	She began to fall asleep more often.
	The Soaring Group was a big company on business field. Even though Jonas had to avoid a lot of things, he was still busy every day.
	Queena began to pay attention to Melinda's behavior. The whole family was immersed in tension.
	Jonas had coaxed Melinda to take this pills and said it was good for her health.
	However, in such an atmosphere, it was even harder for Melinda to recover. She was unwilling to speak. Sometimes, she could maintain a posture for a long time and be in a daze all day.
	But as long as Jonas was with her, she would become a little bit normal. However, when he was out of sight, Melinda would be a little sensitive.
	Aron's action was getting bigger and bigger. William couldn't bear it any longer to recall Jonas back to the company. Seeing that Jonas was not around, Melinda began to think nonsense again.
	She always felt that Jonas wanted to be with her again because of their child. Jonas didn't love her at all, and all this was because of Emily.
	Although Melinda was naughty since childhood, but was very sensible, and it was the kind of sensible to let a person distressed.
	She knew she wasn't excellent enough. She had always been very ordinary, and Jonas was so excellent.
	She acted like a third party in the last five years of marriage. Melinda really wanted to ask Jonas whether it was because of Emily that he did not love her. But at the same time, she was afraid to know the answer.
	So she was more and more reluctant to talk. She was afraid that once she opened her mouth, she would ask.
	"Linda, do you have something to say to me?" Every time Jonas saw that Melinda wanted to say something but stopped on a second thought, he was looking forward to it. Since Melinda hadn't spoken for a long time, people who didn't know the situation might think that she was dumb.
	There was a glint of light in his deep eyes, like the most shining star in the bright ocean of stars. Melinda blinked and looked at him.
	She smiled softly like a child, so her smile was so pure and sincere. Jonas suddenly felt a little discouraged.
	He was relieved to see Melinda like this, but she couldn't keep silent all the time. The doctor had said that Melinda deliberately forgot something, and was too painful to communicate with the outside world.
	Because in her heart, her own world was the safest.
	"Even if I was wrong, you can't punish me like this. All you have to do today is to say 'good night' to me. In the worst case, you can kiss me before you sleep," said Jonas in a disappointed tone.
	He had used countless methods, but Melinda was still not getting better. The doctor said that the medicine could not be used too much, so he did not dare to let her eating it all the time. He had to accompany Melinda during night sleep.
	When they went to bed, Melinda lay on the bed obediently. She remembered what Jonas said, but she was still hesitating.
	She thought that Jonas just felt pity for her. Jonas would go to find Emily one day, and then she would have nothing at all.
	Melinda was silent again and Jonas was waiting for it. At last, he only heard the breath of her. Jonas kissed Melinda on the forehead. "Good night, my sweetheart," said Jonas in a low voice, after sighing with profound resignation.
	When Melinda woke up, Jonas was not there. Queena told her that he had something urgent to deal with in the company.
	"Mellie, do you still feel sad about the baby?" They said that Jonas was thinner, Melinda was no better than him. Recently, she had been eating as she was told, but she was still losing weight very fast.
	She was thin and now she looked more like a paper man. Her face was pale, as if she would fall over at any time.
	Queena's words made Melinda silent. She sat on the sofa, looking at the baby room not far away.
	The baby room in the Gu's mansion was arranged on the first floor, which contained a lot of things, many of which were bought by Melinda. From a little bit to the whole room, it was almost filled with all kinds of things.
	Although she didn't say anything, her eyes showed everything.
	Queena sighed and touched Melinda's head. "Mellie, you can have another baby after it is gone. But what should Jon does with you if you keep acting like this?
	He always has his own ideas. I didn't feel proud to be a mother since he was a child, but because of you, he would ask me a lot of questions. I feel that I, as his mother, am useful at last,"
	Queena said. Melinda's eyes began to change, but she still didn't speak.
	"He panicked because of you. You know what, he is smoking again."
	Queena had seen her son smoking in the balcony several times. The bright red light was just so sad.
	"You two hurt yourselves from time to time." Queena gently patted Melinda. Melinda was really thin, and only the feeling of bone was in her hand.
	"You can have another baby if you lose one. But it's really hard to have a baby. You need to take care of yourself. Do you understand?"
	Queena comforted her, but at the same time, she hoped that the two of them could take good care of themselves. Melinda blinked, and these words were always echoing in her heart.
	The word "baby" was like a magic spell. She touched her belly sadly. There was nothing over there. The child had really left her.
	She had protected her child carefully for so long. Finally, he left.
	"Wuwuwu......" Melinda couldn't hold back her tears any more. She cried bitterly. She leaned her head against Queena's chest, enjoying the warmth of her hug.
	She had been comforting herself that she was all right these days, and didn't want to worry her family. She didn't know how to hide it, so she didn't say a word. And then she was even more reluctant to talk.
	Seeing that Melinda cried, Queena felt heartbroken, but she also felt relieved. She would be better to vent it.
	"It's okay. It's okay. You will get better." Queena held Melinda in her arms and comforted her. If she was too painful in the past, she'd better forget it. People always had to move forward.
	Melinda cried so sadly that she was out of breath. It seemed that she was going to give full vent to all her negative feelings for this period. The previous child, when she found it, had been miscarried. But this one was different, it had stayed with her for a long time.
	She could feel his existence every day. She looked forward to the day when she fantasized about him, but eventually, everything became meaningless.
	The child in her dream was so cute, but they didn't love her as a mother.
	Melinda burst into tears because of her baby, while Emily, who made her lose her baby, after she was released by Jonas, began to hop again.
	The main road was narrow, but there were many crooked ways for her. Through the past groups of people, she got in touch with a group of people in society.
	The man with colorful clothes was smoking. Smoking a cigarette, he looked at Emily with questioning eyes.
	He had seen this woman on TV. He always fantasied her body. But when she appeared in front of him, he felt that the face of that woman was just so so.
	"What do you want me to do?" These people were all gangsters, testing the limits of the law.
	But it never occurred to him that he would have a chance to know that person from that TV play. And that person wanted his help, or say, a cooperation.
	"I have a scene and I need your cooperation." With one hand on her nose, Emily was dissatisfied with the man who kept smoking.
	"Acting?" That man's eyes were wide open, and then he crushed the cigarette end violently. He stood up from his position, fierce and tall. Emily could not help but take two steps back.
	"Yes, acting." Emily planned to act a play by herself, but she needed their cooperation.
	"It's easy. You just need to take me to the entertainment circle," the man said. A tinge of expectation appeared on the man's fierce face. It was said that actors were the most profitable, leading to a luxury life with a lot of beauties, and that kind of life was enviable.
	Emily was surprised to hear this. She didn't expect such a condition from this man, but she agreed delightedly. 
Chapter 275 Getting Worse
	After a loud cry, Melinda was finally willing to speak, a good phenomenon, which gratified Nelson and Queena.
	When Jonas came back from busy work, he saw Melinda's red eyes and immediately felt sorry for her. He had just left for a while, but she had been wronged.
	"Linda, why are you crying? Your eyes are swollen. Are you feeling well? I'll find something to apply on your eyes," Jonas asked her several questions in a row.
	Although Melinda didn't say anything, he still liked to ask her. He would be very happy even if she only gave him an expression.
	Jonas found that since he realized that he had fallen in love with Melinda, he didn't expect much to be happy.
	Melinda shook her head. Then, she opened her mouth and said in a hoarse voice, "I'm fine."
	Her eyes were full of smile, and Jonas was completely shocked and did not react for a long time.
	Looking at the silly look on Jonas's face, Melinda could not help laughing even louder. All of a sudden, Jonas pulled her into his arms with strong force and full of gratitude.
	His Linda finally opened her mouth.
	"Well, let's eat. Linda's eyes had been cooled. They will be fine soon." Queena couldn't help teasing him when she saw the two people embracing.
	Melinda felt a little embarrassed and left Jonas's arms, but her hands were firmly held by him.
	The whole day's dinner was filled with laughter, as if the sky had cleared and the rain had past.
	Jonas happily took Melinda to have a reexamination. However, the result was that Jonas was splashed with cold water and Melinda hadn't recovered yet.
	According to the instructions of the doctor, Jonas had her a psychological class. But Melinda began to fight back. She felt that she had broken through the psychological barrier.
	Now she was willing to speak, and everything would gradually be better in the future.
	"Linda, the psychology class is not necessarily accessible for those with mental disease. Many people who like cultivating will go." Jonas had even mentioned a lot of examples to convince Melinda.
	These examples were typical of businessmen around him. They were so stressful that they needed classes to calm themselves down.
	"Do you think I need to cultivate my character because of my bad character?" However, Melinda misunderstood him, thinking that Jonas was talking about her temper.
	Because of her stubborn personality now, she didn't want to listen to Jonas most of the time, not like Emily, she was very obedient and listened to Jonas carefully.
	Did Jonas think she wasn't good enough?
	If Jonas knew what was going on in Melinda's mind, he would go crazy.
	"I didn't mean that. I just think people nowadays are under a lot of pressure. The psychological class is just a place for you to relax."
	A burst of cold sweat suddenly broke out on the forehead of Jonas. He tried to explain in a flustered manner, but Melinda didn't listen to him at all. She just thought that Jonas felt that there was something wrong with her heart.
	"They can relax by travelling or doing sports, but not by going to this kind of psychological class. Only those who have mental disease should go there. I'm not ill,"
	Melinda shouted angrily at Jonas. For a moment, Jonas missed the silent Linda.
	How could she be so stubborn?
	The doctor had said that the situation of Melinda was a dangerous omen. She was mentally ill, but she was unwilling to admit it, and she desperately denied it.
	"Linda, you have done a psychological report today. The doctor has told you that you need psychological guidance now." Jonas told himself to calm down to tell Melinda, but they were not on the same line. Melinda felt that Jonas thought that she was insane.
	"All those test are fake. Isn't it reported on the news? Nine out of ten people have mental disease, which is a normal phenomenon for me,"
	Melinda argued strongly and even became more and more anxious, almost crying in the end.
	Jonas could do nothing about it. He hugged her and comforted her for a long time.
	"Actually, I have a mental problem, Linda. There are a lot of things to deal with in the company recently, so I take this psychological class under someone's recommendation," said Jonas. He began to use another method.
	Melinda felt sorry for Jonas, who was always so busy every day. Now hearing what he said, she looked at him in confusion, wondering why the topic jumped so fast.
	"The pressure is killing me. Can you go to the class with me?" Since both of them had classes, it was not a big deal to say that he was the one who was ill.
	"Is it because of me?" Melinda asked in a low voice. She was very worried that it was because of her own situation as well as the company's affairs that made Jonas feel bad.
	All of a sudden, she didn't look as stubborn as she had been a moment ago. Instead, she looked like a lovely sheep.
	Jonas was very happy. Even so, Melinda was still caring for him.
	"No, it's just that it sounds good. I want to have a try. Can you go with me?" Jonas touched Melinda's head gently with infinite love in his eyes.
	If this scene was seen by people in the business circle, who were at a loss in front of him, they would be surprised.
	"Well, I'll go with you, but you have to get better soon. I don't like that kind of place," Melinda said sadly. Seeing that she compromised for him, Jonas smiled.
	"Well, thank you, Linda. My Linda is so thoughtful."
	He kissed Melinda, as if to reward her. After getting along with her for a long time, Jonas found that she was a simple minded girl, who was like a child from time to time.
	The psychology class was three times a week, Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday separately. After Jonas registered for him and Melinda, he took her to the class. It was a small class and there were not many people in it.
	The colors inside were bright and made the heart bright. Everyone was sitting cross legged on the carpet. The teacher who was giving the lesson was a girl.
	The content in the class was relatively interesting. She let them draw what was in their mind, and sometimes words.
	In the first class, Melinda was using her painting skills. The teacher asked them to sketch the first scene in their mind, where Melinda started to draw carefully.
	Her painting was a little incomplete, which was full of red flowers in a garden, as red as blood. Inside the painting, two children were laughing and playing. Not far away, an illusory figure seemed to be watching them.
	The others were extremely simple. However, the painting took Melinda a long time. Even the psychology teacher was surprised, but nobody around was curious.
	They were living in their own world and had no interest in the outside world at all.
	Jonas's paintings were simple but abstract, which made it hard to tell what he was trying to express.
	The teacher took everyone's paintings and analyzed their world and led them to the real world when Melinda stopped writing.
	However, when she saw Melinda's painting, she began to feel embarrassed. Melinda was like an artist, wanting to find a bosom friend who could read her heart.
	She didn't look like a person who had mental disease at all, but from her words and behavior, the teacher could feel that she was a little strange.
	She didn't dare to comment on Melinda's painting for a while.
	On the contrary, Jonas, the handsome man, drew her attention at the first sight of her class. All the people who came here to attend the class should have a mental report, but Jonas, who could see that, was a very strong minded person.
	She was curious why he came to the classroom.
	"It's a single color painting, but judging from the outline, I can tell that it's a woman..."
	The woman Jonas drawn was Melinda. At this time, he had a good impression of the teacher in his heart. It seemed that the teacher was really skillful, and really good at analyzing many aspects.
	On the contrary, Melinda had been positive a moment ago. Now, she stared at the female teacher as if she was looking at an enemy.
	In addition to analysis, the teacher also had interaction. She looked around and then directly chose Jonas.
	Melinda wore a completely gloomy face. They inevitably had some physical contact during the interaction. Melinda didn't listen to any words after the class, but was bearing a lot of anger.
	She regretted to let Jonas come to the class in the beginning. That woman must have done it on purpose.
	The first class didn't show much, but something unexpected happened in the second class. Each class had a interaction, but the female teacher named Jonas again.
	These interaction and some actions were relatively intimate. The female teacher was naturally happy to see a handsome and normal person here.
	Because of the last class, Melinda was very sensitive. Now hearing that she was looking for Jonas again, she directly grabbed Jonas's arm, not allowing him to go.
	She pulled Jonas away possessively and glared at the teacher. "Stay away from him."
	The teacher was embarrassed, and Jonas had no face either. He didn't expect what Melinda would do, but he still tried to comfort her first.
	"Linda, it's just a interaction. No big deal."
	"No. I can see that she's up to no good." Melinda was stubborn and she hated the way this woman looked at Jonas.
	"How about this? We pick another classmate to come here. You. This time we are talking about..." The female teacher awkwardly chose a classmate to rescue herself from the embarrassment, and Jonas took Melinda to a corner and began to explain and comfort her. However, Melinda still felt that the teacher had an improper desire for Jonas.
	After the class, the female teacher asked Jonas alone to tell the situation of Melinda, and found that her illness had been worsened instead.
Chapter 276 Spain
	Jonas never expected that Melinda's condition would deteriorate. He had thought that everything was going well, but it seemed that she was actually getting worse.
	She was so upset about the miscarriage that she thought she had only one person in her world, and it was Jonas. So she was worried that Jonas would leave her behind, and was eager to have him.
	All in all, Melinda was so worried because Jonas didn't accompany her when she was in the most critical period.
	Jonas felt very guilty, and also said that he and Melinda would not come to the class for the time being. As for what would happen in the future, he would talk about it later.
	The female teacher suggested that if Jonas had time, he could take Melinda out for a walk.
	Melinda lost her first child in Gu's mansion, so she might also have the resistance to Gu's mansion now.
	The Soaring Group not only competed fiercely with outside companies, but also internal strife had never been stopped. Every day, Jonas was worried about whether Aron would screw it up again.
	If he wanted to travel for a long time, he needed a substitute for him to do these things. Nelson had been ill several times and was unable to cope with these things.
	But now, Melinda was also in dangerous situation. Mental disease was often the most unpredictable. He was afraid of what happened last time.
	Due to what had happened in class, Melinda had been depressed all the time. When she returned home, she became quiet again. Looking at her, Jonas was worried and mentioned her situation to Nelson.
	"I want to hand over some of the company's affairs to Ted. If he meets difficulties, he can ask for your help. What do you think?"
	Jonas had discussed with Nelson. He couldn't transfer all the power to Ted, but it would be difficult for Ted to do something. With Nelson's support, it would be much better.
	"Are you sure you trust this man?" Nelson was always in favor of William and he was not familiar with the person who was promoted by Jonas. Therefore, he was on his guard.
	"If you doubt someone, don't use him, and if you use someone, don't doubt him. You told me so, right? Besides, William will take care of the company. I won't get any trouble."
	Jonas knew what was in Nelson's mind, so he pushed out William, the secretary that his grandpa trusted. His expression softened a little, then he nodded and agreed.
	"I am also worried about her. You can take her out for relaxation. I'll take care of the company,"
	Nelson suggested. The operation of the company had been very well, and the people selected were also competent. He was only worried that Aron would take this opportunity to make trouble again.
	Also, Nelson could do nothing to his son. Both of his hands were flesh and blood. In order to get balance, Jonas needed to worry about it.
	All Jonas needed to do was to deal with the company's issues. He needed to attend some activities and stop the meeting. As for the specific situations, he could only solve them by video.
	For those unimportant matters, Ted was responsible for them.
	When hearing this, Ted's legs were so weak that he almost fell on the ground.
	"Boss, I can't take this responsibility," Ted said with a sad voice. Power was good, but many people often forgot a very important premise, that was they had to have the capability to support the power.
	Ted didn't think he had the ability to do so. He couldn't have come to this if it were not for the help of luck.
	Since Jonas was going to hand over the whole company to him, he felt a little dizzy. This was not an ordinary company. It was the Soaring Group!
	"Ted, I order you to take care of all the affairs when I am not in the company! If you have any problem, you can ask William for help. If either of you can't solve it, then you can ask Nelson for help. Don't turn to me unless it is absolutely necessary. Okay?"
	Jonas had no choice but to order Ted. After hearing what he said, Ted straightened up, and William, who was watching the play, also straightened up.
	"Boss, do I really have to do this?" Ted still wanted to refuse it, and even thought about how much it was possible to give this great task to William.
	"Well, you have to get used to it today," said Jonas. Ted felt like sitting on pins and needles.
	That day, William assisted Ted in getting accustomed to his new identity. After arranging everything in the company with his comrade, Jonas started to prepare for taking Melinda on vacation.
	Hearing that they were going to travel, Melinda had a little interest. The two of them checked many travel guides at home and decided where to go.
	"How about Spain? We have been to those places before." She browsed the recommendation on the Internet. Most of them were about America, France and England. What was more, the scenic spots were also very famous.
	However, these did not draw Melinda's attention. She just saw Spain by chance and wanted to explore the customs and culture of Spain.
	"Spain?"
	As Jonas spoke, he began to look for the country's information. Meanwhile, Melinda had watched quite a few articles and made up her mind to go there.
	"Spain, okay. We can travel in the capital for two days and see if there are some interesting cities nearby," said Jonas in a spoiled manner. Melinda nodded and showed him the clues she found.
	It was said that two people traveled together. One of them was an idiot, and Melinda was that idiot. She only needed to be responsible for playing, and the other things had to be worried by Jonas.
	After they had decided the destination, they bought the air ticket of the next day without any hesitation. The luggage was prepared by Melinda. However, since she was pregnant, her clothes were loose and daily. It was not suitable for her to wear in travel.
	Melinda put away all the clothes and sealed them in the children's room, which was a restricted area in Gu's mansion. All the things there were related to children.
	Looking at all this, Jonas was speechless. At last, he took Melinda to a shopping mall to buy clothes. Seeing this, she got excited and took Jonas to buy several sets of couple's clothes.
	In the capital of Spain, Jonas owned a house here. After they got off the plane, the local butler drove to pick them up. Jonas gave the butler a holiday after he got the key to his house.
	As they arrived at the foreign country, Melinda felt relaxed miraculously. Spain's bullfight, football competition, etc., were well-known in the world.
	Jonas first took Melinda to the Imperial Palace and then went to other competitions. The enthusiasm of the games lit up Melinda's heart.
	She learned how to integrate into the crowd, and how to smile when she took photos. She was like a child, and she walked into the world bit by bit.
	As for Jonas, he was worried about her like her father. He tried his best to make Melinda experience such interests and forget all the pain.
	Most of the time, they had dinner outside. But Melinda had a weak stomach. Two days later, Jonas cooked by himself.
	Although the taste was not as good as that of the cook at home, Melinda had more appetite than she was at home.
	Her change made Jonas think it was a right decision to take her out for a trip.
	"Let's go to Museo Nacional del Prado today." Although both of them were not major in art, they knew something about it. Museo Nacional del Prado was built in the eighteenth century and it was considered one of the greatest museum in the world, so its cultural value could be felt.
	The museum was also full of stuffs. Melinda had heard of it a lot, and naturally could not help nodding.
	When travelling with Jonas, Melinda found him a treasure house. There was nothing he didn't know. Before deciding to take her to a scenic spot, Jonas had been well prepared.
	After visiting the Museo Nacional del Prado, it was still early. Walking on the street in Madrid hand in hand, Melinda was with a broad smile on her face. Jonas felt like it was a long time ago.
	But it was really a good thing.
	Melinda had gradually forgotten about the child thing. She tried her best to accept the reality and face the future happily.
	She believed that if the child was here, he wouldn't want her to be immersed in pain all the time.
	"This is different from our country," Melinda said with a smile. Bathed in the sun, she was like a fairy.
	The architectural environment of each country was different from that of China. Arm in arm, Melinda and Jonas wore the couple's clothes and had an outstanding Eastern appearance. People in the street were attracted by them.
	"Melinda, Jonas." Just as Melinda was immersed in this kind of happiness, she was interrupted by a voice. She looked around, and saw a familiar figure not far away slowly approaching them.
	Emily was dressed in a long beige dress. Her hair was blonde curly, and her makeup made her features deep and attractive. She looked like a foreigner.
	The moment Melinda saw her, her smile disappeared.
	"It's really you! What a coincidence!" Emily greeted them with a big smile. Spain was so big. She had been looking for them for so many days and now she found them.
	Melinda's face grew paler. At the sight of Emily, she thought of her own child, who was also in the street at that time.
	Jonas had been observing Melinda all the time, and could not ignore her emotional fluctuation. He knew that it was all because of Emily.
	Emily came closer and closer to them as if she wanted to catch up with them. But one step away, she was pushed away by Jonas.
	Jonas stood in front of Melinda to protect her from being hurt. He looked at Emily vigilantly and thought, 'This woman is so bold. I just release her and she starts to make trouble again.'
	If he had known that Emily would tangle with him like this, he should have asked Ted to tie her up when he left. Jonas had to admit that he had underestimated Emily. She could find them even on a foreign country. 
Chapter 277 Shameless
	Emily didn't expect that she could be pushed by Jonas. Losing her balance all of a sudden, she stepped back several steps fiercely.
	Melinda looked even paler. Drops of cold sweat even slid down from her forehead.
	But she was trying hard to hold back her anger.
	Melinda warned herself that everything would be fine as long as she could get through the pain. She repressed the pain and looked at Emily with a little frightening expression in her eyes.
	Jonas was very worried. Emily was full of schemes. He should be careful when finding this place, so he was ready to leave with Melinda.
	"No, thanks." Her voice seemed to be squeezed out of her teeth, and the tenacity in her eyes made Jonas surprised. He felt that she was somewhat different.
	After calming her breath, Melinda closed her eyes to avoid the terrible scenes. She looked up again, and the fierce hatred fell on Emily like a knife.
	Emily had always been a person who bullied the weak and feared the strong people. Seeing that Melinda was so tough, she felt strange, but she didn't know why.
	Melinda let go of Jonas and stood in front of him, looking straight at the provocative woman called Emily who came thousands of miles away.
	"slapping." There was a loud voice, and Melinda waved fiercely at Emily. Five bright red finger marks appeared on Emily's right cheek, and Emily almost fell to the ground again as she lost her balance.
	Not only her, but also Jonas was shocked. Was the domineering woman really Linda?
	Emily covered her face with her hand and looked at her incredibly. She had never thought that Melinda would hit her directly.
	Thinking of the sentence she saw the other day, she thought it made sense. She could cry, she could hate, but she must be strong. There were still a group of people waiting for her to laugh at, and to make you feel embarrassed.
	And Emily was that kind of person, so she had to be strong in front of Emily.
	"Melinda, you are a madman. You slapped me!" Emily covered her face and began to shout. Actually, a foreigner who didn't understand Chinese may deeply feel that Emily was the madman.
	"Why don't I dare to slap you?"
	Melinda looked at Emily and said in a low voice, but every word showed a strong sense, as if she was telling Emily in this way that it was difficult for to be bullied.
	Looking at the scene that Melinda slapped Emily by herself, Jonas felt quite happy. When he was going to deal with Emily, he was stopped by Melinda. He had thought that she was too soft hearted, but now it seemed that just because she hadn't been pushed to the limit.
	"What I did for nothing today. I just want to give you a punch for my dead child." Seeing that Emily was still surprised, Melinda said slowly.
	Her aura did not change, but it made people feel that she was sad. She was really sad for something.
	Seeing this, Jonas hugged her immediately and told her with his simplest practical actions that he would always be with her.
	Standing on the opposite side of the two, Emily began to tremble and fear when she heard the death of the child and thought of the threat from Jonas.
	"Who is the father of your child? Shame on you!" Emily scolded her, but she did not dare to look at Jonas
	Hearing that, Melinda burst into laughter out of anger. Emily didn't forget how Jonas had been teased by Melinda in front of him, but Melinda was glad that Jonas was not a fool.
	"Shameless! How can you dare to say that words as a real shameless woman? Who do you think you are?" She squinted her eyes, like a sharp knife, piercing at Emily.
	Emily's face turned pale in an instant. She hurriedly looked at Jonas, but found that there was only one person in his eyes, from beginning to end and that was Melinda.
	From the moment Emily was here, Expect she was pushed and slapped by Melinda, Jonas mainly ignored Emily.
	"Melinda, don't spread a rumor. I can sue you."
	Said Emily. She had done those things secretly and could not be found out at all. Melinda talked nonsense.
	Hearing this, Melinda sneered. At this time, she felt pity for Emily, who had been deceiving herself.
	But a person's poor situation must have a cause to be despised. What Emily had done was just too unforgivable!
	"I spread a rumor, really? It seems that you won't give up until I send you your pictures."
	Emily was frightened. She wouldn't be afraid of her other dark news were posted but fans couldn't accept the hidden rules.
	"Emily, I hope you can figure out one thing. I have always wanted to let it go, but that doesn't mean I will always be bullied by you."
	Melinda was a woman of principle. She wouldn't help but fight for the person she loved.
	It was just like a case of forgiveness for a child who didn't know anything at all, which struck Emily.
	"From now on, I won't let you bully me anymore. Before you set me up, please think twice about whether you have the courage to take the consequences."
	Melinda took Jonas by the arm and left.
	The slap just now had released all the anger and hatred that had been suppressed for a long time. She just hoped that Emily could be sensible and stop bothering her life.
	With a satisfied smile in his eyes, Jonas, who was held by Melinda, let with her. Just now, he hadn't said anything, because he wanted to know what she was able to do.
	Unexpectedly, Melinda didn't let herself suffer any losses, instead, she threatened Emily.
	"What are you smirking for?" She looked up and saw the cunning smile like an old father. She felt helpless and embarrassed when she recalled what she looked like just now.
	"I'm happy to hear that. You're awesome!"
	Jonas, praised her without hesitation. He hoped that she would behave like this, and if she was more arrogant, she would not suffer any loss.
	It was not a big deal that she got into trouble. He could deal with it.
	"Do you want me to do this?" She had been steeled into a gentle appearance. When she had grandfather behind her, she always had nothing to fear with her grandfather's support.
	"I think you can be better than that."
	After thinking for a while, Jonas said. Melinda was relieved. It was good that he didn't hate her like this. Then she felt like a gutless coward, so why did she care about his feeling.
	What she wanted now was being happy.
	"Why did Emily was in Spain?" As soon as she asked this question, her eyes flashed a glimmer of light. They just mentioned a word to her family about travelling, and the others didn't know where they were.
	Melinda had a suspect in her heart, but she didn't want to confirm it at the moment.
	These days were often calculated and monitored, which really made her very irritable. Apparently, it Jonas and Melinda thought it at the same time, but Jonas told her that he could handle it and let her ignore it, as long as she was happy.
	"Because of Emily. I have no interest in traveling this city anymore." Melinda said childishly, but in her heart she was thinking the same.
	She felt uncomfortable if there was Emily.
	"Then we can go to another city or country," Said Jonas. He didn't think it was inappropriate for her to act like this, and he spoiled her a lot.
	However, Melinda shook her head. It had been several days since they went out. Since Jonas was always busy, there must be a lot of work in the company on his way out.
	"I'm all right now. Let's go home." She began to change her attitude towards Emily after this trip.
	"It's a rare opportunity for me to take you out, so of course we should have fun as much as we can." He didn't know when it was time to take her out.
	All of a sudden, Jonas began to admire the shareholders of the company for the dividend. They didn't need to do anything, and occasionally made trouble for him. Every year, they lived a happy life with the huge dividend.
	It was nice of them to be bribed occasionally.
	"That's enough. There will be opportunities in the future. I think Ted have been worried too much about this."
	During this period of time, every time a call was connected to something by Ted, and in the end of the call, Ted would be very vague to ask when they would go back.
	When Ted was an assistant, he didn't realize how difficult it was until hr become the agency for Jonas.
	He felt that he didn't want to be the boss anymore in his life. He just wanted to be an assistant.
	If he worked as an assistant for Jonas, he could learn a lot.
	Thinking of a lot of things in the company, Jonas suddenly had a headache. Finally, under the persuasion of Melinda, the two decided to travel for one more day and return home.
	They changed their plan because of Emily. While Emily stood on the street just now, her face was still burning, and her eyes were as vicious as before.
	She would revenge on Melinda.
	Emily thought. Jonas could protect her for a while, but not all the time. She must find a chance to revenge.
	However, in front of Jonas, she still flew into a panic.
	She took her cellphone out of her bag and dialed a number. A man's voice came from the other end of the phone.
	His voice sounded melancholy. He was surprised to hear that Melinda had recovered.
	"She is recovering quickly. It seems that the baby is not very important." The man sneered. Thinking of what Jonas had done because of the child, Emily could not help but feel cold in her hands and feet.
	"Now the previous plan is useless. We should work out another plan." Said Emily, with an evil smile on her face. 
Chapter 278 A Gift
	When they came back, the happiest person was not Nelson or Queena, but was Ted. He looked at Jonas with an aggrieved face and said in a voice like a dissatisfied housewife that he was finally back.
	The moment Melinda saw Ted, she suddenly felt that what he said on the phone was not a big deal. They played not long ago, but Ted was clearly emaciated.
	Jonas was also surprised. After all, Jonas was the one who promoted Ted and he knew Ted was capable. But there was only one reason to make Ted look like this: Ted didn't really believe in his abilities.
	Ted had always regarded Jonas as his idol and had been learning from him. He deeply felt that he did not have the ability as Jonas, so it was inevitable for him to think more carefully when doing things.
	His work efficiency was nothing comparable to that of himself when Jonas was here.
	"There are still a lot of chances for you in the future. Soon you can successfully lose weight," said Jonas smilingly, as he patted on Ted's shoulder kindly.
	Hearing this, Ted' face turned dark. Seeing this, Melinda couldn't help smiling. But there was no sign of joking on Jonas's face.
	He also realized that he was too busy and had little time to accompany Melinda, so he felt it necessary for him to have such a trip.
	Ted arranged a driver to send Melinda back to the Gu's mansion, while Jonas was taken by him to deal with the business in the company.
	Nelson saw Melinda go back home and directly asked her why she didn't play for more time, but he was gratified to see she became better.
	"I have been asking for leave these days. It's time to go back to work,"
	Melinda consoled Nelson. She counted the time she had been working recently and assumed that it might be someone else's rest time.
	Nelson had no objection to her career. He nodded in agreement. "It's not good to keep this going."
	Taking a look at Melinda, Nelson touched her and flinched back the words that he was about to encourage Melinda to start her own business.
	Since she hadn't been to work for a long time, Melinda felt herself a little lazy. The next morning, it was Jonas who woke her up. She rubbed her eyes, and just wanted to go back to her comfortable bed.
	"You'd better stay at home and take care of yourself. I can make money to support our family." Jonas pinched her nose, while Melinda lazily opened one eye and squinted at him.
	After a long struggle in mind, Melinda finally got up and lay in bed. After having breakfast in a hurry, she asked Jonas to drive her to the company.
	"Mr. Cheng, good morning!" It was only after Melinda clocked in that she entered the company and saw Victor standing in front of her. In the past, she would have avoided him if she wanted to avoid arousing suspicion. But today, she greeted him with a splendid smile.
	Melinda's smile dazzled Victor. He thought that he might have mistaken. He looked around and saw a lot of colleagues, and many of them were looking at the two of them.
	"Melinda."
	Victor was still surprised, but he still greeted her. Melinda smiled and then turned into the elevator.
	The elevator should be very crowded at this time. However, other employees were just standing outside and watching the scene that Victor and Melinda were in the elevator.
	Noticing that, Victor felt a little embarrassed. At the same time, Melinda looked at the people outside the elevator with a smile, she reminded, "The elevator has arrived. Don't you go upstairs?"
	Being reminded like this, the crowd felt a little embarrassed. They pushed each other into the elevator. The others pretended to have other things to run to the front desk.
	The atmosphere in the elevator was somewhat dull, and everyone felt very uncomfortable. Only Melinda felt as comfortable as a fish in water.
	She wore a pinkish purple dress, looking young. Her hair spread over her two sides, wearing exquisite earrings, and matched the necklace around her neck. It looked simple, but noble.
	It was inevitable that those people looked at her with a little envy. This set of jewelry also included bracelets. Anyone who was wise immediately recognized that it was the latest and limited edition of A brand.
	One might be unable to afford it even if she had money. Only the one who had a high status was able to buy it.
	"Mr. Cheng, when are you free today? I will go to you for cancel the vacation later." After walking out of the elevator, Melinda asked Victor. She was not in good mental condition at that time, and she had just had a miscarriage. So she only asked for leave, without telling him when she would come back.
	That was because Melinda was familiar with Victor, or it was because of Jonas. Otherwise, she must have been fired by the company.
	However, her way of working still aroused gossip. When others asked for a leave, they would have to work for a long time in advance. Only she could ask for a leave at anytime and anywhere.
	"No need. I will let my secretary handle it," Victor said and Melinda nodded. She then walked to her department.
	The colleagues were surprised to see Melinda. Many of them even thought she had resigned, so many things were put on her desk.
	The neat table was now in a mess. Even the chair was not spared.
	She walked to her seat and looked around at her colleagues. She smiled and said in a clear voice. But it was like something heavy hitting everyone's heart.
	"It seems that everyone misses me very much. You sent me so many things,"
	Melinda said. These people couldn't help looking up at her as she spoke. They felt that she was different. Those who occupied her desk all stayed silent, ignoring her.
	In the past, Melinda must have felt wronged, but now, her smile was as bright as lightening, which made people feel bad, as if their dark side was exposed.
	"But unfortunately, I don't like any of these things,"
	Melinda still said with a smile. She then found a big trash in the public area and picked up a cup at random. The letter "G" was engraved on the game handle. Melinda read it out and mumbled, "Could it be wrong?"
	Not far away, a person tensely looked at the cup in Melinda's hand, wanting to go up and take it back. But she looked at the other people, and suppressed it.
	So, they waited for each other to step out first. In the end, Melinda threw almost all the things into the trash can. Looking at the much cleaned table, she patted her fingers with satisfaction.
	The faces of the group of people looked worse. Melinda was also very ruthless. She threw many office rubbish and directly asked the office cleaner to take them away.
	The desk was still very dirty, and the documents on it had accumulated a little dust. It was not until an hour later that Melinda settled down in her chair.
	Rubbing her sore and soft arm, Melinda began to directly deal with the e-mails of this period. She hadn't worked for a long time and hadn't been in working state for a long time.
	Melinda was reading a few pieces of manuscript. When she was in a calm mood, the phone rang inappropriately.
	"What's wrong?"
	Melinda thought that Jonas must call her for he had something important to say. After all, he had just go back to the company, so he must have a lot of work to deal with. But unexpectedly, Jonas just made a call to her for greeting.
	"Have you adapted to your work?"
	Jonas asked in concern. In fact, he was very worried about Melinda's mental state and health. According to him, she should stay at home for at least half a year.
	"Yeah, everything is fine," Melinda said as she nodded. Thinking that Jonas couldn't see her and thought she was stupid, she burst into laughter.
	Hearing Melinda's laughter, Jonas felt that his heart was softened again.
	"Take good care of yourself in the company. Don't let yourself be wronged, okay?" Jonas said. 'Don't forget that I'm behind you, ' he added in his heart.
	"I know. I'm not a kid. Do you call just to say this?"
	Melinda felt that it was too inefficient to chat with Jonas while doing work. There were piles of unread emails in her mailbox, so she didn't want to waste her time on this meaningless thing.
	"Yes." There was a trace of embarrassment on the face of Jonas. He wanted to say that he missed her a little bit, but he didn't say it out. Hearing that there was nothing important, Melinda told him she was very busy and hung up the phone.
	Melinda worked overtime today to deal with everything, except for the draft she owed during her leave.
	After work, she met Victor again in the elevator, and Melinda still greeted him first.
	"Why did you work overtime alone?" Victor asked. He felt sorry for Melinda. He knew that she had gone through a lot, but he never wanted to make it clear.
	Melinda had her pride. The more brilliant her smile was in front of people, the more pain she had at the back.
	"I have a lot of things to do," Melinda said casually. She didn't seem to be bothered by anything. However, her tiredness could not be hidden from her eyes. Noticing that, Victor only said that she had time to deal with the company's affairs slowly.
	Jonas was waiting for Melinda downstairs. Seeing that they went downstairs together, he cast a warning glance at Victor.
	"Mr. Cheng, goodbye."
	Melinda waved her hand politely to bid farewell. Then she walked up to Jonas and took his hand in hers, heading to the car.
	"Let's go back. I'm starving to death," Melinda whispered. But when Jonas heard it, his indifference suddenly disappeared and turned to be gentle.
	"I have brought you something to eat. You can have some before we get home." The food that Jonas bought for Melinda was her favorite. She couldn't help smiling at the sight of it.
	The smile was as innocent as a child's.
	"Jon, I think you should call me less in the future when I am working." Looking at the perfect side face of Jonas, Melinda said hesitatingly.
	This day, she had received several calls from Jonas, and the working state had been disturbed. It was inevitable that Melinda was a little upset. 
Chapter 279 Missing
	Jonas kept silent when he heard what Melinda said, and then drove the car silently. Melinda didn't know whether he listened to her or not, and she was worried and helpless.
	Melinda was well aware that he may call to care about her, but he was indeed interrupting her work.
	The two silently drove the car into the mansion. When they arrived home, Melinda, who was very hungry, suddenly lost her appetite. Seeing this, Jonas had no choice but to compromise. "I'll pay attention to it in the future," he said.
	He could pay attention to it, but it didn't mean that he wouldn't call her again. He was in a complex mood now, but Melinda didn't think that much. She was a little happy to hear that from Jonas.
	"What are you two whispering about? Come here and have dinner." Queena saw them standing at the door for a long time and couldn't help but greet them.
	"Coming." Jonas held her hand and led Melinda back to their bedroom. After they got changed, they came back to the dining room. Nelson was still sitting in the seat of honor. All the dishes were placed on the table by the servants.
	Melinda noticed the time on the wall by chance, and felt a little guilty. She was the one who caused the whole family to have dinner so late.
	"Why did you work overtime on the first day? You must be tired." Nelson asked a servant to make a soup for Melinda. The steaming soup was slowly placed in front of her.
	"I'm fine. Time flies fast when working."
	If she stayed at home for a day, she didn't know what she would think. But as long as she was busy with work, she had no mood to think about those things.
	"But you should also take care of yourself," Queena said and Melinda nodded quietly. Sitting aside, Yulia watched them, and felt more and more incompatible with this family.
	At this point, she suddenly began to question herself why she wanted to stay in such a family with no feelings.
	But she knew better that she didn't want to live a miserable life like her mother.
	Melinda was really tired after a long day. She didn't even dry her hair after washing her face and rinsed her mouth. She just leaned on the bed and fell asleep. Seeing this, Jonas sighed in his heart and felt that Melinda was like a child.
	He would protect her.
	The next day, Melinda got off the bed early due to Jonas's call. With the tension of the previous day, she did not stay in bed today, but was in a trance.
	Jonas was really worried that she might fall down.
	"Cheer up. Do you still know where the company is?" Jonas patted gently on Melinda's cheek. Melinda shook her head and pointed at the company.
	"Here we are."
	As Melinda said, she unbuckled her seat belt and was about to get out of the car. However, Jonas looked straight in the eyes of her, while holding the hand of her.
	"I have a dinner appointment tonight. I can't pick you up. Don't forget to call the driver."
	Since Jonas hadn't shown up in the dinner for a long time, there was inevitably a lot of gossip outside. And the big customer was invited today, so it was hard to decline.
	Melinda was taken aback, but soon she nodded, indicating that she knew it. Then she got out of the car. With a somewhat gloomy expression on the face of Jonas, he felt that she was somewhat unromantic.
	Weren't the writers all romantic? 'My lady is a little different, ' he thought to himself. Then he saw Melinda turned around. Excitement appeared on Jonas's face.
	"Don't drink too much. Don't smoke!" Melinda ordered seriously as she walked closer step by step.
	As soon as Melinda finished her words, she seemed to feel that she was going to be late. She rushed into the company in a hurry, leaving Jonas there in a total mess. Then he had a feeling that he must keep the words that Linda had said.
	Melinda came to the company on time. This situation had rarely happened before and she felt a little depressed.
	The whispers in the office became quiet as soon as they saw Melinda come in. After walking to her seat, Melinda found a bunch of flowers on the top, which was the baby's breath she liked, little by little, which looked very cute, bright and full of vitality.
	She was looking for the card in the bouquet of flowers before her cellphone rang. The man who had just left was gently asking on the phone, "Do you like the flowers this morning?"
	"This is from you?"
	Melinda didn't expect that Jonas had such an interest. Hearing what she said, Jonas pulled a long face and pretended to be angry, "Otherwise, who do you want to be sent by?"
	"My admirer, of course," Melinda teased him. The more she looked at the bunch of baby's breath, the much happier she was. The expression on Jonas's face could only be described as dark.
	Then he sensed the banter in Melinda's words. He rolled his eyes and said, "I am your admirer, aren't I?"
	Melinda had to admit that she liked his flirt. It made her cheek blush. Since she was delicate, she looked sweeter.
	"I like the flowers. Don't call me if you are still driving."
	Thinking that Jonas was still on the way, Melinda got a little worried. Jonas enjoyed the feeling that he was cared by Melinda, and he hung up the phone obediently.
	However, the staff of the department made another several versions of the news about the flowers that Melinda received.
	It was still a busy day. Melinda was the busiest person in the office. She was in a good mood these days. Her inspiration was also good. As a result, she wrote three articles in a short time.
	Such an efficiency, Melinda was very worried about the quality of the articles, but it was all checked through.
	Victor had noticed Melinda's true feelings, so he had warned those people from the very beginning that did not find fault with Melinda's articles.
	Catching up on lost work was like catching up on homework. Every day, Melinda thought those articles and her head began to ache.
	She went home late in the evening. There was no one else in the office. After cleaning up, Melinda left the company. Before she left, the security guard looked at her for a while.
	The company was near the street. After walking that way, Melinda called the driver.
	Not far away, a white minibus began to fast drive towards Melinda. Before Melinda could take out her mobile phone to call, she was held by someone.
	"Who are you? Let go of me! Help... Wu..."
	Two men instantly got off the minibus, one from the left and the other from the right, and held Melinda towards the minibus. Melinda struggled hard, trying to call for help, but her mouth was covered by someone.
	The person in the minibus watching this scene with satisfaction, and the person made a gesture to the people outside. Then the two men put Melinda in the back seat, covering her eyes.
	After a long time of gasping, Melinda's hands were already tied on the ropes.
	She was left in complete darkness, a sense of insecurity overwhelmed her. Those men's words had an accent, and were even obscure, and Melinda could not understand them at all.
	"Don't forget to make it clean." Emily's voice sounded so familiar in the darkness that Melinda couldn't help clenching her fists. She didn't expect that Emily came back to hurt her.
	This woman was simply detestable.
	The minibus started and went in an unknown direction. Now, Melinda only hoped that Jonas could find her as soon as possible. Emily was a lunatic, and she could not guess what she was going to do.
	At first, Melinda still tried to remember the route, but gradually she became more and more exhausted. She had no idea where she was, only knew that she was probably out of the city far away.
	Jonas was having dinner with his customers, and he felt somewhat uneasy. After drinking with them for a while, he made an excuse to call Melinda outside the box to check if Melinda went home yet.
	No one answered the phone in a long time. Jonas called the driver who picked up Melinda. The driver also said that he had not received her call and had been waiting near her company.
	The anxiety in Jonas's heart began to expand, and then he thought that Melinda might take a taxi to go home, but Queena also said that she didn't see Melinda.
	"Ted, tell them I have something important to do and we will leave first." Jonas was now feeling that something was wrong. According to the rules in the business world, they should be passed before leaving. Jonas didn't need to worry about others since he had high status.
	Seeing that his face was serious, Ted did as he said without hesitation. Thinking for a while, Jonas called Victor.
	"Are you in the company now?" Jonas came straight to the point, completely ignoring the shock of the person at the other side.
	In fact, Victor was still in shock by Jonas's phone call with him. He answered honestly after hearing his words, and he had already gone home.
	"Who is still in the company?" Jonas felt very irritated. At this time, he was driving to the company where Melinda worked.
	Victor realized that there must be something wrong with the way Jonas talked to him, and asked the reason. Knowing that he couldn't get in touch with Melinda, Victor sent people in his company to check. However, the security said that Melinda had left the company a long time ago.
	"Melinda has left. I don't know where she is either," Victor said helplessly. He wanted to help him but realized his identity. At last, he said nothing.
	Jonas pulled over in the street. Thinking about all the things carefully, he finally called a friend who worked in the police station.
	"Missing? Are you sure it's not that she doesn't want to contact you?" the man answered the phone impatiently. He thought that since the relationship between Jonas and Melinda was very awkward, it was more likely that Melinda was at odds with him.
	"It's not the right time to make a joke with you. I think that something is wrong with Linda," said Jonas. He felt very uneasy and guessed that Melinda must be very scared now.
	And it was dangerous too!
	Hearing this, the man didn't dare to joke any more. He quickly arranged his men to investigate.
	Emily was the only enemy of Melinda. Jonas took out his phone and dialed the number which had been deleted for a long time.
	Then the phone was hung up after only one ring!
	He was pretty sure that it was Emily who did this. 
Chapter 280 The Most Vicious Woman
	Since the call had been hung up, Jonas was sure that it was Emily who had done this. Jonas was holding the phone more and more tightly, as if at this time he was holding Emily's neck.
	He thought it might be a clue and was ready to tell his friend.
	"I was about to call you. You wife was really kidnapped." As soon as the person at the other end of the line picked up the phone, a dandiacal voice sounded, but a hint of seriousness was revealed in the voice.
	According to the data, the person was a recidivist. He knew well to hide his whereabouts and even used the anti-tracking method.
	Indeed, there was a difference, but it was funny in the police's eyes. It was not difficult to find out the specific direction, but it was a little troublesome.
	"Have you found out anything?"
	Jonas asked in a deep voice. He then drove to the police station. He felt so desperate being alone without a head.
	His friend, Carlos Chen, could not help but frown at the monitoring video on his computer screen.
	"We've found his car, but he was very crafty. He avoided the route of surveillance several times and we are not sure whether he would change the car or not," Carlos said. They specifically used some small streets to hide their tracks and make hallucinations so that it would be more difficult to search.
	Although A City was very busy, there was no way that there was surveillance cameras in any place. It would be a waste of time to contact the nearby stores for the surveillance video.
	"Your wife often had accidents. Why don't you put a locator on her?" Carlos said. 'The rate of Melinda's missing is really high, ' he thought.
	Generally speaking, people relied on mobile phone to locate their position. At this time, Melinda's mobile phone was located in the flowering shrubs outside the company.
	"It must be Emily who did this to her. You can ask people to locate her,"
	said Jonas, who was suddenly enlightened. Carlos then quickly arranged his men to investigate the situation.
	Without stopping the search on both sides, Melinda went far and finally the car stopped.
	The night breeze was a little cold. The moment the door was opened, Melinda shivered all over.
	Emily looked at Melinda with a smile and pinched her hard on the waist. She covered her waist in pain and reached out her hand to grasp Emily.
	She even did not catch the corner of Emily's coat, then she was pushed aside by a man aside. Emily sneered and got out of the car first.
	The slightly cold wind came out, mixed with some moisture. She wore a white dress, which looked a bit frightening in the dark.
	Melinda fell on the backseat, rubbing her cheek against the back of the seat, hoping to move away the thing that covered her eyes. Her behavior was extraordinarily ridiculous in other people's eyes.
	"I advise you not to struggle to suffer," the man said, but Melinda turned a deaf ear to him. Soon after, she was arrested as if just now.
	Though Melinda couldn't see, she was more sensitive. She lowered her head and bit in a certain direction. An instant pain was heard, and Melinda was thrown to the side. She saw stars.
	"Damn it!"
	The man rubbed his arm and wanted to give Melinda a good beating, but was stopped by his companions.
	"Take her out of the car right now," said another man. Melinda was still struggling. The car was narrow and she got hurt.
	They lost their temper because of Melinda. She yelled as she grabbed the man's hair fiercely.
	She didn't know what kind of situation she was in. What she knew was that she should do whatever she could to stall for time.
	She hoped that the passers-by might sense something wrong and save her. Melinda didn't expect that no one would come here.
	"What's wrong with you? You haven't taken her out yet." After waiting for a long time, Emily couldn't help but look back and said to the people inside.
	As soon as her voice came, Melinda's body stiffened. The men directly carried her off the car, not caring about she was a woman.
	The invisible feeling made Melinda felt that she was not safe. At the moment her feet fell on the ground, her heart trembled.
	"Emily, what the hell do you want to do?" Melinda shouted at the void. She was sure that Emily could hear her.
	Emily who walked in the front stopped and looked at Melinda, with an almost cruel smile on the corner of her mouth.
	A fit of sea breeze blew over the corner of her dress, and she dressed like an angel, but she was doing what a devil did.
	"What do I want to do?" said Emily, rubbing her own fingers. Thinking that they would not be noticed here, she stretched out her hand and took off the black cloth that had covered Melinda's eyes.
	Melinda blinked her eyes uncomfortably for a long time, and finally found herself in a very dark place. Looking in the distance, she saw something similar to a lighthouse.
	They were at the seaside!
	"What's wrong? Is the scenery here very beautiful?" Emily looked at Melinda with a sinister smile, the smile was full of tricks, which made Melinda can't help shivering.
	"You are a maniac!" Melinda screamed. The men around her all ignored her. Melinda was almost overwhelmed by despair.
	"Yeah, I am a maniac. Didn't you make me into this?"
	Emily said madly and slapped violently on Melinda's face. Melinda, who was dizzy before, fell off the beach by her side.
	She grabbed a handful of sand and threw it at Emily. However, her hands were tied and she was unable to hold up so she fell hard on the ground.
	The expression on Emily's face became more ferocious, and then she asked two men to grab Melinda.
	"Don't worry. I'll make sure you are here in the future." While speaking, Emily mercilessly shook all the sand in her body and gave a heavy slap on the face of Melinda.
	Thinking that the reason why Jonas called her just now was mostly because of Melinda, Emily couldn't help being angry.
	There had been no one by the sea and she said she would make her be here. Except for death, Melinda could not think of anything else.
	Emily was becoming more and more vicious. She didn't even care about human life.
	At this deserted seaside, even fishermen were not willing to come. There was a very broken house not far away from the car, which was the place where the fishermen stayed before.
	At night, only the bright moonlight illuminated the sea surface, making people look delicate. Listening to the sound of the waves on the beach, Melinda's heart sank.
	They almost walked forward dragging Melinda. The room was empty for a long time, and by the sea, the moist smell rushed to the room. Melinda began to cough due to discomfort.
	"Clap!" Emily slapped Melinda again in the face, then she snorted and said unhappily, "You are so hypocritical."
	Half of Melinda's face was swollen, and there was blood at the corner of her mouth. It could be seen how violent Emily hit her.
	"Tie her to the chair," Emily ordered the strong men behind her. Melinda was too weak to resist.
	These men skillfully tied Melinda to the only chair, next to which there was a very old wooden bed. Emily sat on it in disgust. Seeing how embarrassed Melinda was, the smile on Emily's face never disappeared.
	"What should we do now?" those men said while casting a glance at Emily. Just like a lifeless doll, Melinda was tied to a chair.
	And Emily was that evil witch.
	"Let her get sober first," Emily said. They all understood what she meant. Someone went out and soon brought a kettle. The kettle was full of sea water and it felt salty.
	Raising her head, Melinda looked at Emily. Her cheek was swollen, and the blood around the corner of her mouth made her neither elegant nor gentle as usual, but the temperament from her body was indestructible.
	It hurt when the seawater fell on her face. She frowned, but she didn't say a word.
	Being extremely angry, Emily stood up and slapped hard on Melinda's face. She wished she could tear this face apart. It was this woman who took away her Jonas.
	"Are you going to beat her to death?" those men said as they saw that. Although the wounds were all on the face, Melinda was clearly in a bad condition. Perhaps she would be tortured to death by Emily in such a cruel way.
	"Beat her to death?" Emily sneered, extremely disdainful. These people inexplicably shivered, thinking that she must have more cruel means to deal with Melinda.
	The helpless and disobedient look of Melinda gave Emily a great pleasure. She was wondering how to make Melinda leave the world without being noticed.
	"You guys, tie some rocks or something else heavy on her," Emily said to the men in black. After looking at each other, they quickly guessed her purpose. They all sighed that she was the most vicious woman.
	They were all experienced criminals. They removed their fingerprints carefully when looking for tools, afraid that they might be discovered once these were raised.
	"Emily, murdering is illegal and you will be punished."
	Melinda was sober and her heart sank deeper. If only she could not be saved, she would try to reason with Emily.
	"If you die, Jonas will be mine. He will protect me," said Emily, as she gave a hint with her eyes to the others to hurry up.
	The several people hesitated and looked at each other. Although they had done a lot of bad things, they had never killed anyone. The words of Melinda made them feel a little enlightened.
	"What are you doing? I didn't ask you to come here to watch the show." Seeing the men standing there unmoved, Emily said angrily. She went up to the rope and tied Melinda to those objects.
Chapter 281 A Window At The Back
	Several people pushed each other and got everything ready quickly in the end. Emily led a group of people out, preparing to throw Melinda into the sea not far away.
	Before long, a group of people were frozen when a light was shining over them from not far away.
	Seeing that Melinda was still there, Jonas breathed a sigh of relief. However, when he saw her face, he gasped in astonishment.
	The one he loved and spoiled in his hands was tortured badly at this moment. When Melinda saw Jonas, she was so excited that tears fell down.
	He finally arrived. He didn't let her down.
	"Jonas," Melinda whispered. Even though she was in danger at the moment, she felt unprecedentedly relieved because of the appearance of Jonas.
	Emily's sharp eyes fell on Melinda as sharp as blades. Hearing her calling Jonas, she pushed her to the ground out of anger.
	She stood in front of Melinda and looked at Jonas, but even so, Emily could feel that Jonas's eyes passed her over and fell on Melinda.
	"Emily, I told you not to hurt Linda anymore." Finally, Jonas's eyes fell on Emily. But he was never so cold and harsh, which was a kind of cruelty that he wished he could destroy someone.
	The thing he regretted the most was that he didn't let Emily be imprisoned all her life, which gave her a chance to hurt Aaron.
	"Jonas, don't you think it's too late to talk about it now?" Emily wasn't scared of Jonas at all, and even became more confident because she had the trump card, Melinda.
	"I'll give you a chance to release Linda. Otherwise, you won't be able to bear the consequences," Jonas threatened, but Emily remained unmoved.
	She knew that her plan today was a failure when she saw Jonas. And she also knew that Jonas was definitely able to give her a hard time.
	But she still daydreamed, hoping that Jonas had some feelings for her. After all, it was only a matter of time after Melinda died. But she could be with him forever.
	"That's impossible," Emily said, making several people watch closely on Melinda, and the whole person presented a state of vigilance.
	It was so weird that only Jonas showed up here.
	"Emily, do you think you have any chance to escape when I'm here?" said Jonas, which was what Emily was most worried about.
	Since Jonas showed up, there was no way back for her.
	"It's not a bad idea to drag Melinda along to die with me. Jonas, you must hate me the most." Emily laughed like a lunatic, and her words were slow but frightening.
	Jonas was fearless and desperate. He felt an immense fear as long as he didn't take Melinda in his arms.
	He didn't hate Emily the most, but he would never like her.
	"Is she the one you love most?" Emily said as she pointed at Melinda. Melinda fell on the sand, surrounded by several men in black.
	Those men in black also looked at Jonas vigilantly, and they knew that things might be getting tricky.
	Jonas still didn't answer because he was afraid that if he said anything, he would irritate Emily, and he couldn't afford the consequences.
	"Jonas, say something."
	Jonas didn't say anything, and Emily certainly was about to go insane. But she was soon interrupted by a police siren.
	She showed an understanding smile at the corners of her mouth and immediately understood that it was true that Jonas would not come here alone. Now his men had arrived at the battlefield.
	The men in black were all excited when they heard the siren. One of them quickly grabbed Melinda and placed a knife on her neck.
	Jonas was nervous.
	Both sides were in a stalemate. Not far away from them, Carlos and his men, who had been watching the scene from far away, could not help but pat on the head of the policeman aside.
	"A group of idiots! I said don't use the police siren!"
	Carlos murmured. But he started to make the arrangement according to the current situation.
	Seeing that there was nowhere to escape, the man in black began to step back. After a while, he finally went back to the room. Jonas was standing outside the room and dared not go in.
	Emily was not as arrogant as before, and she began to fear in her heart. She knew the power of Jonas. If anything happened to Melinda today, she would definitely come to no good end.
	But now, Melinda was the best hostage that could protect them.
	"What should we do now?" One of the men in black was a new comer, so he was a little scared. If they were to be caught by the police, he might spend the rest of his life in prison.
	"Don't be afraid, the hostage is in our hands." Another man who looked calm and composed said in a panic.
	"You did find someone, but I'm curious how you found us," Emily said. Looking at Jonas, Emily was not convinced.
	Every time she thought it was a flawless plan, which eventually emerged countless flaws because of Jonas. She failed every time.
	She was sincerely convinced that she was defeated by Jonas. But she always felt upset.
	"Let go of Linda. You still have a chance." Seeing that the police had arrived, Melinda breathed a sigh of relief. She had to wonder how slowly the police cars were. How could they catch up with the escaped criminals?
	"Let her go, then I won't have any chance,"
	Emily said with a sneer. She looked at Melinda's eyes, as if telling her that she was lucky this time.
	"I swear with Linda's life that you will be fine as long as you let her go."
	This was the most poisonous vow to Jonas, but Emily was not happy to hear it. Was it a way to tell her that Melinda was the most important thing for him?
	"I won't let her go." As Emily spoke, she winked at the men behind her, and told them to watch Melinda closely. Those men also knew that Melinda was the key to their victory.
	"What you are afraid of now is that you can't live without a hostage, right? Release Linda and I'll be your hostage." Jonas became more and more anxious as he looked at Melinda. He really wanted to rush over and hug her.
	Melinda had been coldly staring at Emily. Melinda was shocked by what Jonas just said.
	He had no idea what hostages were!
	"Yes, I do need to leave. Get all your people out of here. I want to get back to my car. As long as I get back to a safe place, I will certainly let go of Melinda," said Emily, looking at the group of people who were getting closer and closer not far away. She was flustered, but still kept calm to negotiate with Jonas.
	She started to regret backing into this room and putting herself in a situation where there was no way back.
	"Linda is in a bad condition. If the hostage is hurt, you all will be caught. If I were your hostage, those guys outside would be more afraid of getting closer,"
	Jonas said. The gesture that he was willing to trade his life for Melinda infuriated Emily even more.
	"Let us out." It seemed that Jonas didn't dare to get close to the room, but in fact, he trapped a group of people inside, so that they had no way to go.
	A group of police officers, with lights on, began to approach. When they arrived, there was no chance at all.
	Although Emily was not afraid of killing Melinda, she was afraid of being seen by others. She could talk nonsense if no one saw her. After all, if one saw her, then what would be waiting for her was death.
	Thinking of that, she burst into laughter all of a sudden. Looking at Jonas, she said maliciously, "In fact, it won't be a loss even if I die with Melinda. Anyway, I have nothing in the world."
	She originally had a lot of fans, but now because of those rumors, there was no fan. Now Jonas also completely belonged to the woman named Melinda.
	In the end, Emily became the one who had nothing at all. Every dog has its day. She fell into a miserable situation just like Melinda.
	However, Melinda was happier than she was. Melinda still had her family.
	"If anything happens to Linda, I won't let you go. Do you think you can die so easily? I will let you know what is worse than death,"
	Jonas said, but he looked anxiously at the place behind Emily. The wooden bed was near the window, which was a relatively narrow window. At this time, a person popped out and made a gesture to him.
	Although he didn't join the army or be a police, he could understand some basic signal.
	He was asking Jonas to stall Emily.
	Carlos's method was very simple. He would make a feint to somewhere and attack in another place. There were a lot of people who attracted the attention of the people in black, and Jonas dragged Emily. Taking advantage of the position, Carlos would rescue Melinda.
	Hearing this, Emily got goose bumps all over her body. She couldn't help but think back of all kinds of TV shows she played, which had many means. It was really scary.
	The policemen were getting closer and closer, and several men in black couldn't help but walk ahead, vigilantly looking at the position of the door. With only Melinda left behind, Carlos took the opportunity to jump into the room in an instant, and rolled aside holding Melinda in his arms.
	Jonas and several police officers reacted quickly. They rushed into the room and stopped everyone.
	Melinda stood up with the support of Carlos, and Carlos patted the dust off her clothes. Jonas hurried to Melinda and hugged her.
	"You don't even know there is a window in the back. How stupid you are." With his finger joints cracking, Carlos looked at Emily. It was this woman that made his bros have to be on duty several times at night.
	"Well, take them to the police station and teach them a lesson," Carlos said to his man. Then he turned to look at Emily after casting a glance at Jonas, as if to ask him how to deal with her.
	"Kidnapping, intentional injury and attempted murder are all felony. These are all added together, then..." Jonas smiled and said. In fact, he meant punished her as hard as possible. 
Chapter 282 Losing The Balance In A Bus
	Carlos' men escorted those men away, and one of his men took Emily to the police station, too.
	Jonas hugged Melinda tightly and didn't want to let her go. Only in this way could he feel at ease.
	Every time something happened to Melinda, the kind of fear would almost defeat him, but he had to be tenacious, because Melinda needed him.
	"Linda." He stroked her swollen cheek affectionately, and didn't dare to touch her too hard for fear that she would feel pain.
	At the same time, Melinda was also trembling. It could be seen how serious the wound on her face was.
	"Linda, it's okay. Let's go home now." Hugging her in his arms, Jonas walked to his car.
	The wind at the seaside was very cold. Jonas used his body to shield Melinda, as if by using this way, he had declared that he would shield her from rain and protect her.
	But he forgot that he was the reason why she was hurt every time.
	In order not to make the whole family worry about her, Jonas took her back to his apartment and called for a family doctor to treat her wound.
	Even though he seldom came to the apartment, he still asked someone to clean it at regular times. It was not a big problem to live in it now.
	After the mess tonight, she was very tired, but in her sleep, her eyebrows were still tightly wrinkled.
	"How long will it take for the wound to heal?" Jonas asked a family doctor. The doctor frowned with hesitation. Finally, he said it would take at least three or five days. According to her physical condition, she had to take the medicine. In these days, she'd better not eat anything.
	Though it was terrible and swollen, there was no blood at all. As for the blood at the corner of the mouth, it was caused by the teeth knocked on the jaw. In addition to taking medicine, there were also many other ways to reduce the swelling. Jonas had been busy taking care of her the whole night.
	The next morning, when she woke up, she saw somebody lying on her stomach by the bed. He opened his eyes and smiled at the sight of her.
	"Linda, are you feeling better?" "What's going on?" he asked, and then looked carefully at the wound on her face. As soon as he got close to her, she could feel his unique breath. Trembling, she moved backwards.
	Feeling a little embarrassed, Jonas smiled and touched her head, "I'll make breakfast for you."
	He hadn't slept for the whole night and had been very busy in the past few days. He felt dizzy when he got up. It took him a while to stand up and then walked towards the kitchen.
	Watching the leaving figure of Jonas, Melinda had mixed feelings.
	After several incidents, she was completely scared. Emily was like a mad dog, biting her whenever she was caught. One reason was simple. It was because of Jonas.
	She was caught in a trance. Looking at the clothes on the night table, she knew it must be prepared by Jonas. So she went to the bathroom to change the clothes. Looking at her swollen cheek in the mirror, she felt like in a dream when thinking of what happened last night.
	But the wound remained on her body and her heart.
	The wounds on the face would be healed soon with the medicine, but the fear in the heart could not be expelled.
	"You can take a rest at home today. I have called the servant to look after you. There is something in the company, so I can't accompany you." Seeing Melinda came out, Jonas stopped all his work and went forward to hold her in his arms.
	The company did not completely belong to him. The 'jackals' and 'tigers' in it were not less gentle than Emily.
	But he didn't know what to do. What happened yesterday made him scared. It seemed that Emily was looking for a chance to bring trouble to Melinda.
	She were safe at home. Moreover, Carlos just said that Emily was in prison, but she didn't want to say anything, so they needed more evidence.
	"I'll just buy a mask." Melinda said indifferently, thinking that she might as well resign if she continued to ask for leave.
	She knew that it was also Victor who protected her in private, so she didn't want to make things difficult for him.
	On the other hand, it was hard for him to make a decision. He wanted to object, but he knew clearly that there was no room for him to change since she had asked it directly.
	"Okay, I'll drive you to work later." Compromised Jonas. He didn't say anything, just eating breakfast quietly. Before going out, what she said confused him again.
	He could feel that she had changed her attitude towards him.
	"There is a subway not far from home. The subway is very close to the company. I can go by myself. You can go to the company." She looked the same as before. His hand holding the car keys became stiff.
	"It won't be troublesome for me to send you there." He said, Melinda turned a deaf ear to him, and continued. "There is a small market at the subway station, I will buy a mask there."
	The car was parked in the garage, but she walked in the direction of the apartment door. Turning left and not far from house was the subway station. She didn't want to wait for him at all.
	She had deliberately distanced herself from Jonas. Everything was so obvious.
	She came to the office with a mask, which she hadn't taken off the whole day. Everyone was concerned about her, but she only gave a faint smile on her face in return.
	Instead, Victor knew what happened last night but didn't know the details, so he came to Melinda and asked her about that. When he found the wound on her face, he immediately understood something.
	"Now I don't know if my decision is right or wrong." She didn't think it was a good choice to come back to Jonas.
	The two families were in harmony. She could feel that Jonas loved her and knew that she loved him, but there was always one thing that was not perfect.
	The appearance of Emily made her realize the reality again, and the fear of losing a child once again filled her heart.
	First, they lost a child. Then, she was hurt. Emily was an executioner. If she caught a chance, she would give her a fatal blow.
	She had been mentally prepared for this sudden visit, but she failed this time.
	"Just follow your heart. Don't push yourself too hard." Victor comforted Melinda. After all, it was her business.
	Victor suggested that she can ask for leave to have a good rest, but the latter declined his suggestion.
	"I have to work hard now. I can't lose everything, right?" If he gave up because of some external factors in the end, she should have something to insist.
	After leaving the office, there were still many discussions, but they all looked so adorable to her. She was shocked by how terrible Emily was.
	She went to work as usual, as if nothing had happened. Because of what happened last time, she didn't dare to work overtime. When she was off duty, she saw Jonas' car parking at the gate of the company.
	She frowned and tried to avoid him, but Jonas got out of the car and stared at her in the distance.
	The staff working in this company was not unfamiliar to this car, and they immediately knew that he were looking for Melinda. All the curious eyes fell on her.
	But she ignored him and turned around, walking towards the subway station not far away from her. Being confused, Jonas walked towards her directly.
	As she walked faster and faster, she only felt that the fresh air getting thinner and thinner.
	"Liam." As Jonas stretched out his hand and grabbed her arm. Having no choice, she had to stop and look at his legs with a little resentment.
	"Haven't I told you not to drive me to work?"
	She felt that her attitude was quite firm, and she was a little unhappy about what Jonas did.
	"Linda, what's wrong with you?" He felt that there was something wrong with her, but he couldn't tell what exactly it was. Such a change made him panic.
	"I'll take a bus there. You can go now." On her way to the subway station, she happened to pass by a bus station. Seeing the bus, she went on.
	Seeing this, Jonas followed up with her regardless of everything.
	"What are you doing?" Astonished, Melinda looked at Jonas, who was catching up with her. Her hand with coins became stiff. Finally, she took out another coin from her bag and inserted it for Jonas.
	'If you don't have any cash, why do you take the bus? Don't you want to drive your sports car?'
	"I want go with you." Jonas said indifferently, but held her hand firmly. There were many people in the bus, and she hold the handrail above her head to maintain basically balance.
	It was the first time for him to take such kind of car. The crowded feeling made him feel uncomfortable.
	Her initial intention was not to be too close to Jonas. She was worried that there would be another madman like Emily in the prison. Although Emily was in prison now, she had a great influence on her, which could be said to be far-reaching.
	"Linda, please come to me." Although they were holding each other's hand, there was a person in the middle. Jonas frowned and said to Melinda.
	He was extremely uncomfortable to have any contact with strangers. Due to his cold face, there was even a small place of him in the crowded bus, with him as the center.
	She didn't care a scrap about the Jonas' words. She stood there, her fingers starting to feel sore. The driver's driving skill was not really stable, as he pressed the brake and stopped the bus at any time. All the people in the car seemed to have lost the balance.
	Seeing this, Jonas had no choice but to walk to the direction of Melinda when the car stopped. He stood behind Melinda, and she only came up.to his shoulder. When the driver braked hard, she threw herself into his arms.
	"Hold me, honey." Jonas lowered his head and whispered to her. His soft and magnetic voice was like an electric current, making her legs weak. 
Chapter 283 Ferris Wheel
	Since Jonas had a good-looking appearance, Melinda found a mask from her bag, and put it on his face. Finally, with a sigh of relief, she looked at the new style that she bought for Jonas.
	He had always been serious and indifferent. His eyes, brows and eyes were cold, and his hair was meticulously combed. Melinda took the opportunity to mess up Jonas' hair.
	Wearing a mask and a suit, he looked like a young man who had just graduated from the University. He didn't look that horrible at all.
	There was no bus available to the Gu's mansion. When they returned to the apartment, Melinda strode ahead of the road in order to avoid Jonas as if he was the plague, leaving him behind.
	However, the man's leg was so long that she couldn't even get rid of him even if she ran. Her careful manner of running with the mask on her face attracted the attention of the security guard, who treated her as a thief.
	The security guards knew all the people in this community, but this woman's behavior was too suspicious.
	When Melinda was stopped by the security, she looked so innocent. She didn't understand what on earth she had done. Looking at her, Jonas couldn't help smiling.
	He took off his mask, walked over to hold Melinda's hand, and said politely to the security guard, "This is my wife."
	Melinda's heart, softened, filled with a sudden impulse to cry, as if touched by something. He told others that she was his wife.
	The security guard recognized Jonas, but it was the first time that he had seen him so gentle. His admiring eyes instantly fell on Melinda. He felt that all this was due to Melinda.
	"Sorry, Mrs. Gu," the security guard said seriously. Melinda waved her hand and ran away with Jonas. The security guard didn't do anything wrong. She was just too surprised.
	"Mrs. Gu, you have passed by our home."
	All of a sudden, Jonas liked the way he called her. The intimacy between them made him feel comfortable, but Melinda thought she was so humiliated today.
	She felt a little relaxed after she returned to the apartment with Jonas. Although she had gone to work, the servant had come to take care of the two people. At this time, dinner was ready.
	In order not to arouse the attention of the people around her, she didn't have lunch either. Melinda was already starving to death.
	The servant recommended by Queena was the one who often took care of her in the Gu's mansion. Knowing her taste well, the dishes she made were very attractive to Melinda.
	"Greedy." Melinda hadn't even changed her clothes yet. She washed her hands and began to eat. Seeing this, Jonas couldn't help teasing her.
	Hearing that, Melinda paused and didn't say a word. She was trying to adapt herself to the life without Jonas.
	The first step should be to ignore Jonas.
	When she had been in the bus, and even with the security guard, she had been very touched by what Jonas had done to her, and realized that she had never given up on him.
	However, she shrank back under Emily's threat. She had been too tired on the road of love. Now she did not want to touch it at all. She just wanted to live her own life in peace.
	All she wanted was just peace, fearing that her life would be ruined with fear.
	"I have asked the driver to drive back. There are your favorite desserts in the car. Won't you go with me?" said Jonas, with the car key in his hand. Melinda raised her head and looked at him, but said nothing.
	"Auntie, how on earth did you make this dish? I've tried it for countless times, but it still doesn't taste like this."
	At first, she did not pay attention to Jonas, now she directly talked to others. Standing aside, Jonas looked a little sullen instead of gentleness when he just came back home.
	But this gloom was aimed at the servant. Why did a servant at home begin to draw Linda's attention?
	The innocent servant was too scared to say anything.
	"My lady, the dishes you cook must be more delicious than mine," the servant said hesitantly. She took a look at Jonas and saw that his eyes were not getting better. She felt tired all of a sudden. Even she had praised the young lady, but the young master still stared at her.
	"No, it's not. I lost my appetite because the dishes tasted awful,"
	Melinda said honestly. The servant felt a headache at the moment that Melinda told the truth frankly. She smiled at Melinda, without saying anything. The servant ignored her, and Melinda felt bored even alone, so she shut her mouth.
	With red and swollen cheeks, Melinda found it difficult to eat. So she had to chew slowly. Under the pressure of Jonas, she forced herself to eat for an hour.
	"Linda, are you going to ignore me like this forever?"
	When Melinda returned to her room, Jonas finally followed her and expressed his feelings.
	At the beginning, he just felt that something was wrong with her. But now, he sensed that Melinda deliberately kept a distance from him and ignored him.
	What Jonas said was the truth, and Melinda didn't think it was wrong at all. She even nodded seriously.
	"Jonas, you know what? I really don't want to be threatened all the time." Looking at Jonas, Melinda said in a sad tone and felt more painful.
	Melinda lost two children in this relationship, so she didn't want herself to die.
	"I can protect you," Jonas said. He didn't understand Melinda's pain, just as Melinda didn't understand his panic at the moment.
	"But you failed to protect me and our baby." Melinda's calm words stabbed into the heart of Jonas like a sharp knife.
	Neither of them spoke anymore. After washing her face and brushing her teeth, Melinda went to the bedroom for a rest. She had realized that her words had hurt him too much, but she didn't want to make it up at all.
	When Jonas calmed down, he knew more about Melinda's helplessness and fear. He knew that it was his own negligence that made her feel no sense of security.
	Looking at this stubborn woman, Jonas felt helpless and had no idea what to do.
	In the next few days, the situation did not get better at all. The only good thing was Melinda's injuries were recovering.
	Melinda was used to wearing a mask these days, as if she would not be recognized by anyone.
	After returning to the Gu's mansion, Melinda couldn't take the bus as she liked, but she chose the nearest bus station to the Gu's mansion, in which there was a little motorcycle.
	Nelson didn't know what had happened between the couple, but he always supported Melinda, which made Jonas even more helpless.
	'Wasn't grandpa my best assistant in getting Linda? Why did he bully his grandson so many times?'
	There was two days off on Saturday and Sunday for Melinda's company. But in order to make up for her shift, she chose to rest only on Sunday.
	Since Jonas had developed Ted's ability to be independent, Jonas, the CEO of the Soaring Group, became more and more lazy. He decided to take a day off when he knew that Melinda was rest on Sunday.
	Jonas had been thinking about how to make Melinda pay attention to him these days. Thinking of that Melinda once mentioned the amusement park a long time ago, he felt it was a good opportunity.
	On Sunday, Melinda slept for a long time and woke up naturally. Then she went to the garden house to plant flowers and plants. After lunch, she went to the art studio and began to sketch.
	It was a nice day, with Jonas following her like a tail.
	"This way."
	When Melinda was hesitant, Jonas pointed to a position and taught Melinda. Nelson was immediately angry.
	"You two are bullying me. You're going too far," Nelson said. Melinda was about to put the chess and then threw it casually to a position.
	She chose to rebel against Jonas.
	And such a result resulted in the fact that Melinda lost a rather fierce game and was not even able to match a third of her ability in usual. Nelson kept smiling all the time.
	"Aren't you two going out tonight? Would you like to eat at home or outside?" After the chess game was over, Gavin came up to help clean up the chess pieces. Melinda helped Nelson to go out for a walk.
	The question asked by Nelson made her confused. When did she say she would go out?
	"After eating, we can go to the amusement park. Linda always wants to go there. I happen to be free today," Jonas said with a smile. Melinda glared at him angrily. He must have threatened her with grandfather on purpose.
	However, Melinda was really threatened.
	It was their own business. Melinda didn't want Nelson to worry about them and ruin his health.
	After dinner, Jonas arranged a driver to take them to the amusement park. Although the Gu's mansion was far from the city, it was still close to the amusement park.
	It didn't take long to walk to the bus station where Melinda often got off from the amusement park.
	The impression of the amusement park remained Melinda when she was a child. Her grandfather took her to A City and said that other girls were like princesses who ride the merry go round, and his granddaughter couldn't be left behind.
	At that time, she didn't know what love was and she felt so happy.
	"Let's go to the Ferris wheel," Jonas said seriously as he looked at Melinda. There were many beautiful legends about the Ferris wheel in every city. It seemed to be a symbol of love and happiness.
	Since being with Melinda, Jonas started to be superstitious. Not only did he believe in Buddhism, but also Ferris wheel, something that could fool young people.
	Looking at the bustling crowd around, Melinda shook her head unconsciously and refused.
	She was afraid that suddenly a man would rush out of the crowd, holding a knife on her neck, or in some other way. Melinda put on her mask subconsciously.
	Taking no notice of Melinda's refusal, Jonas held her hand and walked to the Ferris wheel. There were many couples in the night, and they were like the most common one. Melinda was at odds with Jonas but they still waited in line. 
Chapter 284 Sleeping In Separate Rooms
	There were quite a lot of people in the line. At the beginning, Melinda resisted to queue up, but later she stood aside to Jonas and waited in line obediently.
	She always thought that people like Jonas would be tired of this kind of wasting time. Even in the amusement park, they might book the whole area.
	But now, Jonas was doing something to tell Melinda that he was changing.
	"We seem to be a little late," Jonas said as he felt sorry for her. It was the first time he had come to such a place. All he knew was that it was a popular place, but he didn't expect it to be so popular.
	The two people's fingers hooked together. Melinda looked up at the people on the Ferris wheel. In fact, she could not see what was on it, but she always felt a sense of romance.
	"Linda." Jonas called her name several times, but Melinda didn't respond. Looking at her staring blankly, he felt that he made a right decision tonight.
	"What's wrong?" Melinda earthed to herself and felt a little embarrassed. She said that she did not want to play this but she was attracted by the Ferris wheel.
	"Do you have something want to eat? Or something you want to play?" Jonas looked at the girls around him who were either holding a large cotton candy or a lollipop, or a different inflatable doll.
	He suddenly felt that Melinda also needed these things.
	The place was full of students. As an adult, Melinda already felt very embarrassed to come here. She felt so ashamed.
	But she couldn't bear to refuse Jonas as he spoiled her so much. Finally she nodded without any hesitation.
	"We are waiting in line now."
	There was a long queue behind them. Melinda said hesitantly, but Jonas waved at the bodyguards hiding in the dark not far away.
	The expression on Melinda face immediately changed. Two bodyguards in suits took their positions. Both of them wore a cold expression.
	Many people were curious about it.
	Led by Jonas, Melinda walked away quickly. She only felt that the psychological quality of the two men was really strong.
	Not far from the Ferris wheel, there was a small shopping mall selling balloons. Jonas picked up a cat pattern and gave it to Melinda, who looked very alike.
	"I like this." Melinda pointed to the strange pattern of Husky. Jonas fell silent and finally changed with the vendors.
	With Husky in her hands, Melinda looked pretty happy. The way she looked like him was surprisingly similar with the Husky.
	He followed the principle that all they had Melinda had to have, and he bought a lot of little things for her. When they finally returned to the line, it was their turn, and the two bodyguards voluntarily took over their things and left.
	Afraid of being noticed, Melinda wore masks for herself and Jonas.
	The space inside the fferris wheel was not spacious. As driven by Jonas, the two sat on one side. When Jonas took off his masks, as there was no outsider, Melinda didn't refuse. She just looked at the scenery outside the Ferris wheel.
	The amusement park was well selected. It was said that at the top of the Ferris wheel, a large piece of night view of A City could be seen. The magnificent and beautiful scenery was something that Melinda had not experienced.
	But sitting in this Ferris wheel, she felt an indescribable happiness.
	The Ferris wheel rose to the top slowly. Seeing the satisfied look in Melinda's eyes, a wicked glint flashed in Jonas's eyes. It seemed that he was completely bewitched.
	Melinda's eyes were full of excitement, but she began to fear heights. She couldn't help but shrink in the direction of Jonas.
	With Jonas's hand clenching Melinda's tightly, he gulped and then called in a soft voice, "Linda."
	Melinda turned her head in confusion, and suddenly a shadow came over her. The smell belonging to Jonas overwhelmed her. Melinda seemed to feel a kind of excitement spreading from the deep of her heart.
	Melinda didn't react at all. She closed her eyes slowly.
	She accepted what they had said. It was said that the people who kissed at the top of the Ferris wheel could be together happily forever.
	At this moment, the happiness between her and Jonas seemed so close to touch.
	The kiss was long and tender. Jonas didn't stop until Melinda felt she was about to suffocate. When she got off the Ferris wheel, she was still embarrassed. And then she found that the men and women around them were all like this.
	It seemed that Jonas had found a new way to have fun. He asked two bodyguards to queue up first, so that he and Melinda could save much time.
	All the irritative exciting projects in the amusement park were played by them.
	However, in the following projects, Melinda always wore masks and couldn't come back to her senses from the Ferris wheel.
	The Husky balloon that Jonas bought were tied to Melinda's hand, and the cotton candy was in Jonas's hand. All other little things were thrown to the security guards.
	Although there was quite a distance from home, the two of them still walked on the road in a tacit agreement. Jonas held the hand of Melinda and never let her go.
	"Emily is in the police station now, Linda." In the sullen atmosphere, Jonas suddenly said. Hearing the name of Emily, Melinda stopped. It could be seen how serious Emily's influence on her was.
	"It's my fault, but you can't leave me directly because of this, right?" With Jonas's hands clenched, he could feel that Melinda was struggling. She wanted to let go!
	"I know, you are stung by Emily. What she did has frightened you." Jonas knew everything about it, but he couldn't accept the end that Melinda gave him.
	They did nothing wrong. They couldn't give up each other because of Emily.
	"Love is a matter of two people. It doesn't matter as long as I love you and you love me. Marriage is a matter of two families, and our family members all support us to be together. We are already so lucky. Do you really want to give up for such a reason?"
	Melinda wanted to yell out that this wasn't the reason. She wasn't afraid of whether he loved her or not, nor of the opposition of his family, but she was afraid of Emily's existence.
	Emily was the end of all her happy days. Every time she stepped into the happy road, Emily would walk ahead, making a knives path for her. Her feet was covered with blood, then she began to be afraid. The simple step was like a sea of fire and blade, which made her feel terrified.
	"Linda, tell me how can I make you not stay away from me?" Hand in hand, Jonas and Melinda were staring at each other.
	Looking at the obvious pain in Jonas's eyes, Melinda silently looked away. She didn't say anything and just kicked the stone under her feet.
	Jonas insisted on waiting for an answer that Melinda even didn't know. She also told herself repeatedly not to be afraid of Emily and it was fine.
	But she would break down every time when she made mistakes.
	"I'm tired," Melinda said as she reminded Jonas that it was time to have a driver pick them up. With a helpless sigh, Jonas squatted down in front of her.
	"Aren't you tired? Let me carry you," Jonas said to her. After hesitating for a while, Melinda climbed up. His back was not as thick as in the memory, but still powerful as if he could withstand all the difficulties.
	Jonas kept nagging. Melinda changed the topic and became listless.
	"Let's go home by car." There was few street lamp on this way. Their shadows overlapped in the dark night. Messing Jonas's hair with her fingers, Melinda couldn't help laughing.
	"I'm not tired carrying you," said Jonas. He didn't mind even if they went back to the Gu's mansion like this as they just stayed together quietly.
	"No, I'm sleepy. I want to go home and rest earlier." Perhaps it was because Melinda felt sorry for Jonas, or because she was really sleepy, that she tried to prevent Jonas from doing that, but he insisted on doing so, just like her.
	Jonas made Melinda more secure and comfortable, and only said that he would let her sleep on his back if she was sleepy.
	Worried that Jonas would really carry her home like this, Melinda began to struggle. The two seemed to be fighting, and Jonas was worried that Melinda would fall down, so he compromised in the end.
	After returning home, both of them freshened up. Melinda took a quilt and went to the study. There were many guest rooms in the Gu's mansion, but in order not to let Nelson worry about her, Melinda chose the study.
	This floor basically belonged to Jonas. Except for the study, there were the gym, the piano room and so on. Melinda thought that only the study was suitable for living.
	"Linda, what are you doing?"
	Jonas was drying his hair. He was shocked at what Melinda was doing and quickly walked up to stop her.
	The quilt holding in Melinda's hands was immediately scattered. She took a look at Jonas, and then folded up casually again. She went to the study next door, and Jonas silently followed behind her.
	"Are you trying to sleep in separate beds with me?" asked Jonas, with a deep anger in his voice. Melinda did not answer, but her behavior had clearly shown everything.
	The quilt was placed on the sofa in the study. The sofa in the study was big enough. Lying on the sofa, Melinda felt it was like the dormitory bed she slept on when she was a student.
	"No, we must sleep in the same bed," Jonas said somewhat overbearingly, worrying about her rashness. He directly took away the quilt from her. Leaning against the sofa, Melinda blinked her eyes innocently and looked at him.
	"I'll stay here tonight. I don't care if I have quilt or not," Melinda said. She didn't care about Jonas's childish behavior at all and even turned over in the sofa to find a comfortable posture. 
Chapter 285 Learn To Speak
	"Do you want to sleep in separate beds?" Looking at Melinda, Jonas asked. She nodded affirmatively. She had to get used to living without him, so she had to adapt herself alone at night.
	Sometimes it was really scary to be dependent on someone. She could have lived a happy life alone before she met Jonas, but now it was very difficult to change.
	"Go back to your room,"
	Said Jonas. He put the quilt on the sofa dispiritedly and said to Melinda that if they really wanted to sleep in different beds, he should be the one who slept in the study.
	'My baby can't be wronged.'
	Melinda didn't react to what he said. She didn't do anything. Looking at her, Jonas felt anxious. He went forward, hugged her and took her back to the room. Then he angrily took her on the bed.
	"Good night." He said and shut the door hard to express his displeasure.
	Looking at the door, she began to recall what had just happened, and finally realized that they indeed slept in separate beds. She held the pillow and fell asleep with no conscience.
	After returning to the study, Jonas couldn't fall asleep. He was very happy to think of what he had done just now, but he was also worried that if Melinda misunderstood him.
	So in the middle of the night, when Jonas sneaked back to the room, he found that Melinda had fallen asleep. He felt relieved, climbed to the bed quietly and held her in his arms.
	She habitually rested her head on his chest.
	He was happy to see that. Jonas kissed her cheek and fell asleep, satisfied.
	The next morning, when Melinda woke up, she opened her eyes in a daze and saw that Jonas huddled up on the bedside. Since the air conditioner had been turned on, it must be cold if he didn't cover himself with the quilt.
	Jonas had planned to sleep with Melinda in his arms last night, but she only wanted to sleep in separate beds. Feeling that there was something around her, she kicked it to the side rudely.
	In the end, Jonas had no choice but stayed in the bedside. Anyway, he was in high spirits and didn't want to sleep in separate beds.
	She smiled helplessly. At last, she stood up and slowed down her movements. She covered the quilt on Jonas and went downstairs after washing her face and rinsed her mouth.
	She got up early today, only a few cleaning servants on the first floor were busy, and the kitchen was also prepared with food at this time. Melinda went over and had a look, saying to the chefs, "Let me prepare the breakfast today."
	She was well aware of her abilities. It was impossible for her to prepare the breakfast for all the people in the villa, but she could make it for all the people in her family.
	The breakfast was always rich in Gu's mansion, but she was just skilled at cooking something not difficult. Fortunately, the chefs heard that and he personally came to help, and the breakfast was also good.
	Shrimp dumplings, wonton, rice porridge, cold dishes, all of these were some simple things that surprised Nelson. Queena was happy about it, and Melinda's virtuous character made Queena feel that she was really right to trust Melinda.
	When Jonas got up, it was getting late. He had caught a cold last night, and his head ached.
	However, when he saw the body covered with a quilt, he felt very warm. No matter what, she felt sorry for him.
	When he arrived downstairs, Nelson and Queena were having breakfast. Wearing an apron, Melinda was busy in the kitchen, serving the dessert.
	"You got up late today, but fortunately you can eat the breakfast prepared by Linda. Come and eat it." Queena, as his mother, always helped her son.
	Looking at the breakfast on the table, he was surprised, and then proud that his wife was really capable.
	"Did you prepare all these?" Looking at Melinda, Jonas asked. Melinda was an honest girl. So she pointed at the chef and told Jonas that some of the dishes were prepared by him.
	Shrimp dumplings, which were the most troublesome, were cooked with the help of a master mo. however, the porridge and cold dishes were all prepared by herself.
	Now Melinda knew how to cook rice porridge and pickled vegetables when she lived outside.
	Looking at the table full of delicious food, Jonas was a little annoyed at the thought of Monday's morning meeting, but he could do nothing about it.
	He asked the servant to pack breakfast for him. In a hurry, he ate the porridge that Melinda had cooled for him and went out with the car key.
	"What's wrong with him?" Queena said discontentedly. Although Jonas had tried his best to maintain the elegance just now, in her eyes, he was just impatient.
	Nelson had experienced the situation before, so he knew the reason that Jonas was here today was for the meeting. He didn't want to make Melinda think too much, so he explained it to her specially.
	"Ah, it's Monday today." Regularly, there were company's morning meeting on every Monday, and she was no exception.
	Today, she did not refuse the chauffeur to drive her work. Instead, she asked him to drive her directly to the company gate. After rushing to the meeting room, she was not late for the meeting.
	Jonas asked the servant to pack breakfast for him, but Melinda did not have anything the whole morning. After the morning meeting, she was complained by her belly.
	After the meeting, Victor called her to his office and told her that there was something going on. His face was cold, and even a bit angry. Everyone began to think about the big scene. Melinda began to think about if she had done something wrong recently.
	"What the hell are you doing?" Noticing that people were wandering in front of his office door, Victor asked helplessly.
	After settling her emotions, she walked into the office with a professional smile and asked in an official way, "Mr. Cheng, what can I do for you?"
	"Please help me to eat my breakfast." Noticing that she pretended to be serious, he brought out a breakfast.
	Seeing this scene, Melinda's eyes lit up, but she didn't take the food from him at once. He hadn't eaten anything yet. It was improper for him to rob others' food.
	Seeing that Melinda didn't get any response from that for a long time, Victor took a look at her doubtfully and asked, "don't you like this?"
	In order to get a closer relationship Jonas, Melinda had cut off all these preferences, including the egg pancake that Victor want to give her, which was the favorite food for Melinda in college.
	"No, I didn't. You must haven't eaten either, right?" 'Does she so was hungry that was noticed by him?'
	"Oh, those aunt in the breakfast shop worried that I might not be able to eat enough, so she insisted on giving me two." He acted as if he could do nothing about it. Though pitiful, she was also jealous of having not met such a nice aunt.
	It might be the aunts who saw her beauty, so they though that It's better for her to eat half of it.
	Whether it was true or not, she accepted what he said. She had no pressure at all to eat breakfast. In order not to be found out by others that she was eating in Victor's office, and she ate quickly.
	"Mr. Cheng, I'm full now. Please excuse me for leaving."
	When she came out of the office, she wore a sad face, which convinced everyone that she must have been scolded.
	What happened last night caused a restless state of mind for Melinda for a long time. Seeing this, the colleagues around her must think that she was detested by Victor, and she began to behave like this now.
	At noon, the business groups began to have lunch together. As the one to be excluded, finally, she was alone in the office.
	She didn't have a big appetite. She just ate the egg pancake and didn't feel hungry. But after she heard the news from the group of takeout, she realized that it was time for her to eat.
	She didn't know who started this WeChat group, but she knew that there are a lot of red envelopes, and there are also many merchants selling today's special sale products.
	After going through the records and preparing to order something for delivery, she heard a knock on the door.
	"We don't have anyone to order delivery yet." Looking at the takeout box in the man's hand, she looked around and thought, 'it's time for lunch. Many people eat takeout not in the office, but in the staff canteen.".
	"Is Miss Mo here?" The delivery man checked the address given by his boss and confirmed that he didn't go the wrong place, so he asked.
	She was utterly confused. She walked over and took the takeout. Judging from the logo, she knew it must be Jonas.
	Thinking of this, she felt very guilty. So she asked the delivery man if they had delivered to Soaring Group.
	Later, she found that the delivery guy was the manager of the hotel.
	"Thank you for bringing the lunch to him." Said Melinda, sitting back to her seat silently. Since he knew her taste very well that she liked three dishes for lunch and one soup.
	She was the only one in the office, and the others would all go to the meeting room to rest, or go home. When she felt the trouble, she would lie on the table for a while.
	A moment later, the telephone on the table rang.
	"Melinda, Stay away from Jonas. Otherwise, you won't be so lucky next time." The moment Melinda picked up the phone, a vicious warning came from the other end of the line.
	Her face turned deathly pale and almost lost the microphone. Melinda took a deep breath to calm herself down, and then said sarcastically, "it seems that the education in prison is not enough to make you behave like a dog to yelp."
	She said sarcastically, but in her heart, she felt that all that had happened last night was because of Jonas. She had to be more careful from now on.
	However, how did Emily know this telephone number? Wasn't she in prison now? It didn't seem to be possible.
	Melinda was full of doubts.
Chapter 286 Deal With Documents
	After receiving the phone call from Emily, Melinda was in a bad mood. When she went back home at night, she even didn't want to talk to Jonas.
	It could be said that Jonas returned to the start line, and the change in the morning made him feel that he could get her to open up.
	But the ending was always not as people thought.
	Both Jonas and Nelson felt it strange. It could be a moment before the two had an argument. But in a day, the situation would be like that of enemies loving each other?
	Jonas wanted to ask what had happened to Melinda, but he knew well that he couldn't get anything out of her character, so he stopped asking and asked Ted to investigate it.
	Today, Melinda went to a lot of places and saw a lot of people. Finally, he found that she received a strange phone number which was checked in arbitrarily. It was impossible to find out who was calling.
	At the same time, Jonas received a call from Carlos, saying that he had been out on a task and came back today. A colleague in the police station said that Emily was bailed out. This person had a strong background.
	"My colleague won't say who it is. You can ask your men to investigate. The crooked ways of yours are better to beat us," Carlos said unconcernedly. He always admired Jonas for his crooked ways of doing things.
	He liked to engage in the police profession, but there was no education about whether it was right or wrong. In his opinion, as long as one thing could not do harm to the interests of good people, the fastest way was the best. He didn't care if it was in the dark.
	"Well, I see. Did they put you in a difficult position?" Jonas still remembered to take care of his bro. After all, Jonas was the one who want to put Emily in jail, and what the person did was obviously against him.
	"No. Who am I? They dare not trouble me,"
	Carlos said calmly. The people who could make friends with Jonas were either a little bit rich or a little bit powerful. As long as he didn't accidentally offend an important person, it was not a big deal.
	It didn't matter if he offended someone. Most of the time, he could deal with it properly and then he could escape.
	Hearing that there was nothing wrong, Jonas didn't talk anymore and directly arranged Ted to investigate Emily's bail.
	Compared with Carlos's method, Ted's was much more simple and crude. First, he asked their men to go to the police station. If they couldn't get the result, they would hack into their network.
	When Ted saw the person who released Emily on bail, he was eager to know how his boss would deal with this matter.
	The one who bailed Emily out was a tycoon in entertainment circle, and he enjoyed a high status. Besides, he was the general manager of YL entertainment company, and he was able to attract a lot of celebrities.
	He did not know when Emily hooked up with this man. Now the matter became troublesome.
	"Boss, I heard that the man named Colin Zhang has a bad temper. It's not easy to get along with him." Ted came in with a pile of paper in his hands. His bro who helped him get this information was taken to the police station. Thanks to Carlos, he spared his bro.
	"You ask William to make an appointment with him. It's a must," said Jonas. He handed the materials of contact to William, who was good at dealing with all kinds of people.
	Jonas studied the man carefully. It was necessary to know him like the palm of his hand to negotiate with a person, but at least he should not know nothing about him.
	Many of these documents were superficial, but clever people could find out the most useful ones.
	Since Melinda knew nothing about the investigation of Jonas, she still worked as usual in the company. But it was easy for her to get distracted and work less efficiently.
	Victor had witnessed all this. He always thought that Melinda was the kind of person who could turn pressure into motivation, so he handed an important program to her to be in charge.
	"This is the document of our cooperation with U company, right?" They mentioned it at the meeting yesterday. Melinda didn't think she would get involved in it, but in fact, it was Victor who gave her such an important document.
	"Yeah, come on! I think highly on you," Victor said as he patted her shoulder. Melinda felt great pressure in her heart. She wanted to refuse him, but Victor just walked away with his back to her.
	U company was one of the major clients of the company. This document was about the program that they were going to project for the next season. They needed to design an aesthetic background story for the product.
	Melinda did not know much about U company, but it was reported that this company had a lot of cooperation with Jonas's Soaring Group. It would definitely be a large company that they had cooperation with Jonas.
	She spent the whole day on the information of the company and the products this time. Generally speaking, this story should be told by the designer, but this was only a casual design by the designer, and the company thought it was suitable for promotion with potential value, so they did it.
	But there was no story in it, so they came up with an idea. When he read an article, he suddenly had some inspiration.
	After all, inspiration was a difficult thing to get. As long as the product was good and there was a story behind it.
	The main purpose of this story was to make the products look better.
	After working on it for a whole day, Melinda still had no clue. She was worried that she could not handle this case well. After thinking it over, she still called Jonas.
	Jonas was upset by Colin's affair, so he smiled when he saw the call.
	"What happened to you, Linda?" It should be known that Melinda seldom called Jonas recently. He was overjoyed, but he also quickly asked what else happened.
	"Are you familiar with the U company?"
	Jonas was stunned for a moment and didn't understand why Melinda began to care about his work. After that, she told him honestly about the cooperation between her company and the U company.
	Melinda wouldn't ask a company for no reason. After thinking for a while, Jonas told her all he knew.
	"I have a program with U company. I don't think I can do it well," Melinda said sadly. She felt that she was put in a passive position by Victor.
	She had no other choice at this moment.
	"Let's talk about the details through video in wechat." Hearing this, Jonas soon understood that it was because of business. Melinda came to him for help.
	However, Melinda's thought of him made him happy.
	After thinking for a while, Melinda thought it made sense. So she found the earphones and made a video call with Jonas. In order not to let others see Jonas in the company, Melinda put a convenient post on his face specially.
	Looking at Melinda's movement on the other side of the computer, Jonas was speechless, but he soon made use of the situation and analyzed with her.
	Melinda was capable. She was just not confident in herself.
	"I know the U company has always been very luxurious. As for the stories, they only set the most common plots in your novels..."
	For the sake of Melinda, Jonas reviewed this partner, who was not very important to the Soaring Group.
	While listening to Jonas's report on wechat, Melinda was still typing on the keyboard. In the whole afternoon, both of them had hung up on wechat, so Jonas had little time to focus on his work.
	Before Melinda got off work, she had written down her documents, which was a result of her inefficient work recently, or more accurately, of no avail.
	Jonas checked it for Melinda and told her it was fine and she could directly hand it to Victor.
	Looking at the document in front of him, Victor had a complicated look on his face. He had arranged this task just to make Melinda have something to do and have time to think about it. But he didn't expect that she finished it in such a short time.
	"You're quite active on the program. You can do a week's work in one day. What about the quality? Do you think it's good?"
	Victor said as he read the document. Then his eyes widened, and he wanted to take back his words.
	"Inspiration has come," Melinda said proudly. In fact, she had to thank Jonas for all this. If it weren't for him, she couldn't have made it like this even if she had to take a week to do it.
	"All right, you can get off work early today. In consideration to your good performance in the work, you have one more day's leave this week," Victor said. He believed that no one else in the company would find fault with this program at that time.
	"I accept it that I can get off work earlier. As for the vocation, you can cancel my one day work," Melinda said as her heart ached. She had taken too many days off. She didn't know when she could fix her shift.
	As a person who got used to taking a rest every week, she was tormented.
	Melinda got off work early and went home. Thinking of the help that Jonas had given her today, she went to the market and bought a lot of food materials. Today, she went back to their own villa to prepare a meal.
	The dishes she knew were mostly home-made. Three or four dishes were enough for two people, but she prepared eight dishes, a bowl of soup and many desserts tonight. She had prepared them with all her heart.
	Queena and Nelson knew that Melinda was going to give a surprise to Jonas. They were looking forward to seeing him coming back, but it was a surprise that Jonas didn't know. He was delayed by his work this afternoon because he had to deal with things for Melinda.
	At this time, he worked overtime all night at the company. He just made a call to his family and said that he might not be able to come back, so he hung up in a hurry. Queena didn't have time to give a hint.
	After waiting for a long time in the villa and receiving the news that Jonas would not come back, Melinda was suddenly discouraged and tasted the dishes one by one, and then all the dishes were into the trash can. 
Chapter 287 Inherit The Family Business
	The servant who was taking care of Melinda felt sorry for her when she saw her like this. These days, the atmosphere between the young couple was intense. Everyone looked anxious. Finally, young lady changed a bit, but young master went wrong again.
	It was really a hard time for them to meet each other. The servant gave a sigh, then she told Queena about it.
	Soaring Group was very active recently. Besides Aron and his son, Jonas's father also took some actions. Since Jonas had no idea why his father did this, he had to ask Ted to investigate it.
	William also made a call to mention this matter to Nelson. Nelson didn't pay much attention to it. Over the years, Jonas's father had not been very concerned about the company's affairs, and his ability was not as good as that of Jonas.
	"He was busy with this today and didn't come back home?" Nelson seemed to think of something and asked.
	"Half of the reason. There's something wrong with the cooperation with Y country. The president has to attend a video conference to fix it. He's likely to go abroad," William said. In fact, this matter was not so serious at the beginning, but in order to accompany Mrs. Melinda to complete the simple program, the boss delayed.
	Of course, as a smart person, William would never say anything about it. He knew that Nelson's main concern was Melinda.
	"Okay, take care of him," said Nelson. He was always so concerned about Jonas secretly. Looking at the emaciated Jonas, he felt sad.
	When Nelson hung up the phone and went back to the living room, the servant just finished talking with Queena, and a touch of worry came to Queena's face unconsciously.
	"What a coincidence that he has to work overtime today." Queena crossed her hands on her legs and clapped against each other.
	"Tell him about it. He can handle his wife himself. Don't worry about anything else," Nelson said with pleasure. Hearing that, Queena thought this was the only way.
	Melinda didn't sleep well all night. Either because she recognized the bed or because she didn't have the familiar smell, she ran in the morning the next day and went to the company without breakfast.
	Jonas arrived home late in the evening the next day. His eyes were bloodshot and looked frightening.
	"You are almost in your thirties, but you still don't take good care of yourself. Last night, Linda has been waiting for you by herself after she cooked several dishes. She was in a bad mood since she knew that you wouldn't come back."
	Queena's words swept away the tiredness in Jonas's heart. He was a little annoyed that he didn't listen to his mother's words completely yesterday, and Queena would have reminded him yesterday on the phone.
	"Where is Linda?"
	Looking around but failing to see Melinda, Jonas then realized that Melinda wasn't off duty yet. Even though he wanted to drive personally to pick up Melinda, his mental status was not very good, and Melinda was likely to refuse him.
	Jonas began to be worried. Queena couldn't bear to see him like this, so she asked him to have a rest. She didn't want Melinda to see a ghost when she came back.
	Melinda's unhappiness was written all over her face. At the first glance, Jonas knew that it was because of him, so his mood was a little complicated, which made him a little guilty for hurting her, and on the other hand, he felt happy because he could control her mood.
	"Linda, I'm sorry that I didn't come back for dinner yesterday." Jonas had a correct attitude. The best way he had learned now was to admit his mistake at the first step.
	Melinda gave a sidelong look at Jonas, changed her shoes, washed her hands and sat on the sofa to peel an apple, ignoring Jonas.
	The strength she used to peel the fruit was a bit heavy, and most of the flesh went to the trash can with the fruit skins. By a sharp eye, Jonas found a burned small bubble on her hand.
	He covered her hand, rubbing it, and then gave it a kiss under her shocked gaze. In a hoarse voice, he said, "It hurts, doesn't it?"
	"I..." Seeing the blood streak in Jonas's eyes, Melinda forgot what she was going to say.
	She had always forgotten that Jonas was in charge of the entire Soaring Group, and it was rare for him not to go out frequently. Dealing with things overnight seemed to be not a big deal.
	"I'm sorry. There's something wrong with our company overseas. I have to have a video conference and settle it with them. You know there's a time difference between the two countries. I have to do that at that time." When Jonas explained to Melinda, he didn't mention it that the main reason was that he helped her to work for an entire afternoon.
	"Is it urgent?" Generally, the problem to be solved overnight was very urgent. The behavior of him last night could be understood, right? Silently, Melinda forgave the behavior of Jonas.
	The gloom on her face disappeared. Seeing this, Jonas breathed a sigh of relief. Although Melinda didn't understand this, he would explain everything to her in detail as long as she asked.
	"You must be very tired now since you did not sleep last night." Looking at the face of Jonas, she felt sorry for him. When her slender fingers gently touched his eyebrows, a smile appeared on her face.
	Her smile seemed to be magic of healing. Seeing that, Jonas seemed to be full of infinite motivation.
	"You can rest with me later." Taking this opportunity, Jonas asked for a little bit of benefits. He was almost broken down by Melinda's refusal these days.
	What's more, the person who had caused the conflicts between him and Melinda came to the Jerry's home again.
	Even though Emily had been refused by Jerry like that last time, she was still unwilling to give up. After she had stayed in the police station for a period of time, her whole person had become much gloomier.
	She used to be a pure and innocent girl. With no smile on her face, now she was cunning and calculating.
	Jerry had been very well recently, so he was a little surprised when he saw Emily. After all, he hadn't seen her for a long time, and he felt that Emily had already given up.
	"You look like you just got out of prison," Jerry teased her. He did not expect that he was actually telling the truth.
	Emily's hair had been cut off, and she looked much thinner. Her clothes had been loosened, and she was now somewhat dull on her face. These were the symptoms of the people who had been in the police station before, or a mental hospital.
	Jerry thought that Emily was well suited to be sent to a psychiatric hospital.
	"What? Do you want me to go inside the prison?" After saying that, Emily directly walked into Jerry's house without hesitation. Only in that place could people know that this kind of sparrow house was good enough.
	Jerry shrugged. He didn't say anything, but thought of a news he accidentally saw recently that Emily was caught.
	It might be true.
	"Are you interested in something exciting?" Emily looked at him with a viper like eyes, as if she was threatening him silently. If he did not agree, she would kill him in one gulp.
	Feeling that cold atmosphere, Jerry was scared and secretly glad that he had stayed away from Emily.
	"As I said, I like to live my life at present and I don't want to do those things anymore," Jerry said with a determined attitude.
	At this moment, everything that had happened in the past had slowly dissipated like the clouds and smoke. He had to move forward because he didn't want to be trapped in the past.
	He had been immersed in hatred before and hadn't found so much happiness.
	In fact, everything was not so bad as he thought.
	"Don't you think it is ridiculous that a man who has been in the dark area for so long starts to look forward to the light?" Emily looked at Jerry and said sarcastically. A man in the dark didn't deserve light.
	"I think it's good now."
	That was all he wanted to say. He didn't want to waste any time in talking to Emily.
	With her fists clenched, Emily looked at Jerry and threatened, "Don't forget what you have done. I have evidence."
	Her words surprised Jerry, and then he calmed down. "Doesn't the thing I did have your part?"
	Jerry said it in a light way, but he also told Emily in silence that no matter what happened, he would not let her go.
	Emily was just out of the police station, so she certainly didn't want to go in again.
	"Besides, that old bastard wants me to go home and take over the family business. I have a bright future ahead of me. I don't have to work together with you," Jerry said proudly. He was very surprised at the fact. At the beginning, he was against it, but now he slowly accepted it.
	Human beings were the same. He had no reason to refuse the big bait.
	At the beginning, Emily thought that Jerry was talking in a dream, but then she realized that he wasn't joking with her and looked serious.
	If what he said was true, it was ridiculous for her to threaten him. Because if Jonas's father couldn't handle this matter, then he would not be a member of Gu family.
	"What you said is true?" Emily asked incredulously, but her eyes narrowed dangerously. How many things had happened during this period that she did not know?
	'Arrange Jerry to go back to Gu family? Does Jonas know about it?'
	"That's what he said. I'll definitely go back to Gu family recently. I deserve a part of Soaring Group's industry," he said firmly and even began to imagine the scene that he sat on the position of Jonas.
	That feeling was unimaginable.
	Emily's pupils dilated, and then recovered as usual. The achievement the Soaring Group had made had nothing to do with the promiscuous Alston Gu. It was all because of Jonas.
	And now, he only said one sentence, and it was so easy for him to arrange this waste Jerry in? It was totally unfair to Jonas.
	Emily never liked Alston, so she thought it was not worth it for Jonas now. At the same time, she thought this was a chance to use Jerry against him! 
Chapter 288 Melinda's Birthday
	After seeing Jerry once, Emily had many plans in her heart, but they were all up to Jerry's cooperation.
	Jerry was immersed in the fact that he could inherit the family business of Gu family. Emily was good at taking advantage of people's minds, and she saw through his ambition.
	She wanted to help Jerry to grab all that Jonas had in the Gu family, so he must beg her for help then. But in this case, she needed to make a good plan.
	It wasn't easy for her to get out of the police station this time. Jonas had found Colin who bailed her out. Colin was in a high position, but Jonas was not a man he could deal with at will. He also warned Emily not to make trouble.
	Owing to the unpleasant thing that had happened last time, Jonas was a typical office worker now. The news he reported every day and night was reported by the staff, leaving uncomfortably hard for Ted and William.
	Several days later, as soon as Jonas got home, he was called to the study by Nelson, who was holding a tea pot and making a cup of tea made by Melinda. The faint fragrance of flowers pervaded the whole study, making people feel at ease.
	Jonas stood there quietly, waiting for Nelson to speak.
	These were his experiences accumulated over the years. Nelson had asked him to the study, either giving him orders or teaching him lessons.
	"How are you getting on with Mellie recently?" Nelson said as he casted a glance at Jonas, with his right hand rubbing the head of his walking stick.
	Jonas knew that what had happened to him and Melinda recently worried his family a lot. "Linda has a serious knot in her heart, but she will get better sooner or later."
	"I have heard that for many times," Nelson snorted. His sharp eyes made him look like the unrelenting general.
	Jonas touched his nose awkwardly. He had done nothing wrong. Every time the situation was better, Emily always ran out to make trouble. Everything went back to the beginning.
	It was like a dead loop. But the good thing was that Linda was still with him after all these things.
	"Do you know that there are only two days left for Mellie to celebrate her birthday?" Nelson was a little guilty when he said this. Recently he began to be confused and almost forgot it.
	It was not until he made a call to Melinda's grandfather and heard he regret not being able to celebrate the birthday with Melinda that Nelson realized that.
	"Isn't Linda's birthday next week?" Jonas remembered those days very clearly and wondered if his grandfather had misread the date.
	Hearing this, Nelson was very happy, and even a little proud. "Mellie has always been celebrating the lunar birthday, not the one on the ID card."
	Leonard was particular about this. Besides, the date on the ID card was always a little wrong.
	"Grandpa, let's celebrate Linda's birthday," said Jonas. He could not help but recall something that had happened long time ago. Back then, when Melinda was in college, she wanted to invite him to her birthday party, but in the end, she didn't even get a chance to talk to him.
	And Melinda had married to Gu family for so many years and had never celebrated a birthday. The guiltiness in Jonas's heart almost beat him to death. He swore secretly that he would do his best to celebrate the birthday for Linda.
	Nelson was satisfied with what Jonas did, and that was the main reason why he asked him here today. With his awareness, he didn't say anything more.
	Melinda had a lot of work to deal with in the company. After the last case was approved, she was in charge of many things.
	She was extremely busy. It was said that after one was 20 years old, one's birthday would not have been a big deal, and Melinda had totally forgotten her birthday.
	Just before getting off work, Melinda received a call from Jonas, saying that Nelson had a small party in Gu's mansion and it was a little noisy, so the two of them went back to the apartment near the company and stayed there.
	"Melinda, let me give you a ride." Melinda worked overtime for the program today. Victor was a very sympathetic boss. In fact, he was a little overshadowed by the incident in Emily's kidnap last time.
	"No, thank you. I'll go to the subway station later and it's not late now," Melinda said while looking at the watch on her wrist. Then she quickly tidied up her belongings. Victor didn't say anything, but silently sent her to the subway station.
	The light was completely off in the apartment. Frowning, Melinda wondered if Jonas had to work overtime again today.
	Suddenly, a piece of music sounded, and the man slowly walked towards her with the cake in his hand. His brisk voice and gentle smile under the candlelight were dreamlike.
	Looking at the scene in front of her, Melinda could not believe what she was seeing. It was so unbelievable that she covered her mouth with her hand. It was not until now that Jonas picked up a crown that had been placed aside and put it on her head. With a smile on his face, he said, "Happy birthday, my queen."
	"You..." Touched by his action, Melinda didn't know what to say. Seeing her like this, Jonas felt that he had prepared well for the whole day. He put his hand on her eyes, and her trembling eyelashes were like the wings of a butterfly in his palms.
	"Make your wishes now." With these words, Jonas sang the birthday song again. At the beginning, he was preparing for the family celebrated it for her, but Queena thought it was a rare opportunity for him to be alone with Melinda outside.
	Melinda was very obedient. She did whatever Jonas asked her to do. Finally, she was taken by Jonas to the dinner table. It was a romantic candlelight dinner.
	What touched her most was that all this was prepared by Jonas himself. His love was enough to shake her determination.
	She was like a princess who was spoiled by Jonas.
	"Jonas." Melinda put down her knife and fork, and looked at the man sitting opposite to her. His eyes were deep, and his nose was tall and thin, with a smile on his thin lips. He was like the most romantic work of God. But at this time, this man told her plainly that he belonged to her.
	"Yes?"
	Jonas looked at Melinda in confusion, wondering why she called his name. But he naturally put on a smile as he looked at her.
	"I feel happy now,"
	said Melinda, whose face immediately turned red. It was really embarrassing for her to say so, but at this time, she really wanted to speak out all her thoughts, and tell them clearly to the person in front of her.
	Jonas was in a daze at first, and then ecstatic. He put down the knife and fork in his hands, rushed over and hugged her.
	The candle was still shining, and overlapped shadows were hitting on the wall, which looked like two people.
	When Melinda woke up, she was held tightly by Jonas.
	Due to the movement of Melinda, Jonas woke up and held her in his arm. "Honey, sleep a little longer."
	How Jonas wished he could stay with his wife like this for the rest of his life.
	However, Melinda pushed Jonas away unhappily and stared at him angrily for a few seconds. She didn't know why she was so mad at him. In the end, she sat down on the side in low spirit and began to think about her life.
	Seeing that she was in a huff, Jonas could not help but burst into laughter. He stood up and held her in his arms, and said emotionally, "Linda, we will be like this from now on, okay?"
	He didn't like the way she resisted him at all. The heart that he loved her was very simple. He hoped that she could see and feel.
	Meanwhile, Melinda also began to think about what happened these days. Although she didn't say anything, Jonas could feel that Melinda had changed in the following days.
	Although Emily was discharged from the police station, she did not get any news for a month. Gradually, Melinda was relieved. Today, such a peaceful and happy life was what she long for.
	Since they had sex after the birthday, they were getting more and more intimate. Sometimes, Queena would tease her. In the beginning, Melinda would be shy, but later, she was very calm.
	But recently, Melinda was troubled by another event. Her period had been very punctual, but it was almost the end of this month and hadn't come yet. She was worried that it might be the sequel.
	Women were sometimes irritable when they had their period, but they were also annoyed when the period didn't come. When chatting with Queena, Melinda spoke out her vexation like a joke.
	"How long haven't you been in period?" Queena heard it and a surprised look came across her eyes. She thought of a possibility, so when she asked Melinda, she was excited, which confused Melinda more.
	"It's more than one month. Should I have an examination?" Melinda had already done everything she could to recuperate her body. But why did something go wrong at last?
	"Yes, you need to have a check-up, but only to see if you are pregnant or not."
Chapter 289 Inherit The Family Business
	Queena was a man of action. She arranged everything well for Melinda before she was still in shock, and took her straight to the hospital for examination.
	Before this, Queena had used the pregnancy test stick to have a pregnancy test for Melinda, and it showed that she was indeed pregnant. Now she came to the hospital just to make sure. Queena didn't hide such a big thing, and said it to Jonas.
	When Jonas got the news, who was in a meeting in the company, left all the people in the meeting room and rushed to the hospital. Melinda was so frightened that there were so many people in the hospital.
	The doctor, who conducted the physical examination for Melinda, was also under a lot of pressure. However, the best test result came out soon. Melinda was pregnant indeed.
	"I'm really pregnant?" Melinda said as she pointed to herself. She did not recover from the shock. Not long ago, she still immersed herself in the pain of losing a baby, and now, she had a baby.
	She thought in her mind, 'Wow, it seems that I have got a really high chance of getting pregnant with Jonas.'
	Jonas was so happy that he wanted to cuddle Melinda in the arms to spin. But when he thought of the baby in her womb, he resisted it. Finally, thinking of the series of pregnancy reactions, he frowned deeply.
	"What's wrong with you? You look sad since Linda is pregnant. Do you want me to beat you?" When Queena saw that, her teeth were trembling. She wanted to punch him in the head, but it was not so easy to beat him while he was already grown up.
	The joy was swept away from Melinda's face. Looking at Jonas, she was a little nervous, she wondered if he didn't like children.
	"No, I'm very happy. It's just that Linda will suffer. I hope this child will be good and won't trouble her." Hearing this, Melinda breathed a sigh of relief. Then she felt very happy. It turned out that Jonas was only caring for her.
	But he didn't know how happy it was for a woman to have a baby.
	"I am not afraid," said Melinda. Jonas touched her head with smile in his eyes, only spoiling her. Nelson was very excited when he knew the news, but at the same time he expressed his dissatisfaction. Queena should have told him earlier.
	Since Melinda was pregnant, Jonas wished to be with her all the time. He didn't want to pay attention to the company at all because he personally brought Melinda and Queena back home, and Nelson had been waiting for them.
	He treated Melinda as a rare treasure as soon as he saw her. No doubt that Melinda enjoyed a very high position in the family.
	"How old is the baby? How do you feel now? You should take good care of yourself this time, understand?"
	Nelson asked several questions in succession. His last words inevitably made all the people silent. Nelson also realized that he had made a slip of the tongue. All the people looked at Melinda with worry. Only Melinda was smiling all the time.
	"Grandpa, I am fine now." Hearing this, Nelson was relieved. Then he thought of something and said to them, "We are so happy that we forgot to tell your family."
	Nelson sat down on the sofa, dialed Vern's number with the telephone, which was answered after a long time.
	"Vern, good news." The smile on Nelson's face never disappeared since he got the news. He wanted to share it with Vern now. And his happiness could be transmitted through the phone.
	Vern seemed to be in a haze. He had been seriously thinking about the recent events, but didn't find any good news.
	"Uncle Nelson, what happened?" Vern showed great respect to Nelson. His address made Nelson smile from ear to ear and even his eyes narrowed into a seam.
	"Mellie is pregnant," Nelson said excitedly. He once watched Vern grow up. Now his child was with his grandson and they would have a next generation.
	How time flew.
	Vern was thrilled. He shared the joy with Nelson and then Melinda took the phone. He spoke in detail over the phone as if he were an old mother.
	"Father, I know it and I'll be careful. Don't worry. I'm not a child anymore," Melinda said in a coquettish tone. Feeling a little embarrassed, she finally directly handed the phone to Jonas.
	After making sure to Vern, Jonas hung up the phone.
	Queena specially told the kitchen to prepare a rich dinner, and even started to prepare the nutritious meal for Melinda during her pregnancy.
	The servants at home were all exhilarated. The Gu family sat on the sofa enjoying themselves. Most of the topics were about Melinda.
	At this time, a car slowly drove into the Gu family, and the car stopped beside the fountain. Alston got out of the car, and then a man walked out.
	The man looked like Jonas. He was dressed in a white suit and his hair was carefully done. He looked at the villa group with a feeling of satisfaction.
	"Is this my future home?" Jerry looked at the man in front of him and said. So far, he accepted everything, but it was difficult for him to call the man father.
	"Hum,"
	Alston answered coldly. He then walked towards the villa with Jerry. The servants had no time to remind them.
	At the sight of Jerry, the laughter inside the house vanished immediately. Several people looked at each other, but none of them spoke.
	Nelson's face darkened, he looked away and didn't want to see them. After a moment's trance, Queena raised a mocking smile on her lips.
	Looking at the four with different expressions on their faces, Melinda finally looked at Jonas with a somewhat worried look. Jonas patted her hand, released her hand, and then stood up from his seat.
	The imposing manner he had born with suppressed the bluster Jerry. Standing behind Alston, he looked like a child who couldn't compete with others for help.
	Jonas walked closer step by step, like a lion that had woken up. He was guarding his territory, with a casual attitude, as if thinking about how to deal with the intruders.
	Jerry was a little scared for no reason, but looking at Alston, he felt that he was backed up, so he couldn't help but straighten his back.
	With a mockery in his eyes, Jonas looked at his father and calmly asked, "What do you mean?"
	They didn't talk like father and son. The way they talked was worse than that of business partners.
	"Jerry is my child. He has suffered a lot during these years, so I'm going to give him part of the family property." Everyone was shocked when Alston spoke out his purpose.
	Melinda looked at Jerry with vigilance in her eyes. She didn't forget that he had helped Emily a lot to hurt her and Jonas.
	If such a man came back to the Gu family, it would be a trouble to Jonas.
	"Have you tested your child?" Jonas said, but he didn't think it was meaningful. With a good eye, one could tell that Jerry was quite similar to Alston.
	"Jonas, this is your young brother." Alston's face darkened, reminding Jonas of his attitude.
	Melinda worried about Jonas so much. She turned to Nelson, hoping he could say something. But obviously, he didn't want to get involved.
	Queena was a little angry, but finally she restrained herself.
	"He does seem like your kind." It was not common for Jonas to say something so humiliating. But now all of them had been given to Alston.
	Alston's chest heaved and fell, showing his anger. He always thought that this son was born to piss him off.
	"I plan to transfer some share of Soaring Group to Jerry. From now on, he will be involved in the management of Soaring Group. Jerry is a hard-working child. As an elder brother, you should help him more."
	As Alston spoke, Jonas looked at Jerry with more and more resentful eyes. Was his father's attitude a distrust of him?
	"If one could have everything with hard work, then there wouldn't be so many tragic stories," Jonas said sarcastically. As far as he was concerned, Jerry was a person who knew nothing but playing tricks. He looked down upon him and even felt that any one of his subordinates was stronger than him.
	"Is this how your mother taught you to talk to me? Anyway, you two need to help each other in the future," Alston said as he looked at Queena discontentedly.
	Hearing this, Jonas was irritated. How could he blame his mother for this?
	Dealing with Aron alone was enough. He didn't need the help of a friend or an enemy.
	"My mother has taught me well and she has never done anything harmful to others," Jonas said, but he was laughing at what Jerry had done.
	Alston was a little embarrassed, but Jonas turned around to face Jerry and said in a cold voice, which made people feel that he was ruthless.
	"I advise you to recognize yourself. Don't ever dream of something that doesn't belong to you.
	Get out of my house before I lose my patience." Jonas was very disappointed with his father, and he would never be nice to Jerry for the sake of him.
	"Jonas!" Alston shouted angrily. But Jonas didn't even look at him. He still looked at Jerry. Jerry had to admit his fear, but he pretended to be calm.
	"Dad, brother just can't accept it at the moment. I'm fine," he said, but there was a touch of gloom in his eyes. He didn't expect that one day when he called him father, it was driven out by Jonas.
	His words deeply touched the hearts of Alston, and the impression of him was much better. Jonas looked at Jerry coldly and said nothing, but it made Jerry feel that the air around him became thin.
Chapter 290 A Meeting
	The more Alston was satisfied with Jerry, the more disappointed he was with Jonas. Queena had contacted Jerry before, and she knew him well. Now seeing him so humble, she felt something was wrong.
	"Linda, let's go back."
	No one said a word. Jonas walked upstairs to the bedroom with his arm around Melinda's waist. If he didn't get along well with his father in the past, he usually went to the small villa where he stayed.
	But the situation was different today. Jerry stood there like a tortoise that had taken over a territory, he would give up on the territory if he left at any time.
	Jonas was so proud that he wouldn't allow him to do such a thing.
	Queena heard this, being afraid that his action would piss off Alston, she explained, "Linda is pregnant. She hasn't had a rest this day. Take her to the bedroom to have a rest."
	Melinda immediately pretended to be a little tired. Alston didn't say anything, but Jerry looked thoughtfully at her lower abdomen.
	He lurked as a sinister viper, which made her flesh creep and she sped up her pace.
	In the end, it was Jonas that followed her steps to leave. They went back to the bedroom upstairs. The moment the door was closed, Melinda breathed a sigh of relief.
	The atmosphere just now was really depressing.
	She took a look at Jonas and saw the disappointment and indignation on his face. She knew that what his father had done had hurt Jonas's heart.
	Melinda held the hand of Jonas, and smiled to his perplexed look.
	He said her smile could cure all his pain. The tenderness in her eyes was like a clear spring water to calm his restless heart. Jonas reached out and rubbed Melinda's head.
	"I'm fine."
	Melinda knew him well. She knew that there was still a huge knot in the heart of Jonas. But she was not clear about the situation now, and what Jonas had done in the living room just now was a little impulsive.
	"Jerry... Anyway, he is your father's child. It's natural for him to come back," Melinda said after she hesitated for a while, and when she saw the gloom on Jonas's face again, she knew that he must have thought a lot.
	She patted his hands and looked at him with an innocent look in her eyes. She wanted him to hear what she said.
	"I was surprised too." The entire family had known about Jerry's identity, but Alston didn't take him back until now. There must be something they didn't know.
	"He just doesn't trust me," Jonas said. He was hurt by his father. He had been working hard in the company to root out Aron's power. And over the years, the power in the Soaring Group had been transferred to Jonas and his father.
	However, Alston seemed not satisfied with his development. He wanted more.
	"Dad and grandpa have handed the company over to you for such a long time, naturally they believe you. Don't deny yourself because of such trifles."
	Hearing this, Melinda knew that Jonas was being stubborn. She could not help but persuade him. Jonas turned a deaf ear to her, and he felt very disappointed. After doing so much, it seemed to be a joke for him.
	"That's because I'm the only child in Gu family," said Jonas. The reason why Nelson regarded him seriously was that Nelson was displeased by Aron's actions and he liked Melinda.
	But now, the appearance of Jerry and his father's attitude made Jonas feel an unprecedented sense of crisis.
	He never had such feelings when dealing with Aron.
	"You are still a little irritable now, so you don't know the true nature of these things. And your attitude in the living room was very bad, you know?"
	The appearance of Jerry infuriated Jonas. Coupled with his attitude, it showed the gap between them. Melinda did not miss the disappointment flashed across the eyes of Alston.
	Therefore, she hoped that Jonas could calm down by this time.
	"You need to calm down now. Don't lose your temper with father again, okay?"
	Melinda said seriously. She followed Jonas upstairs just now in order to remind him of this matter. Seeing Alston's attitude, it was certain that Jerry would go back to the Gu family.
	They had to face it sooner or later. They had no idea about it earlier today, so they were a little panicked.
	"I'm not angry," Jonas said. His voice was as cold as ice, and the indifference on his face made him look as if nobody should get close to him.
	"But you are still upset, aren't you?"
	Melinda said in a gentle tone, and her eyes seemed to see through what kind of person Jonas was. Under such eyes, Jonas felt that there was no place for him to hide.
	He did feel uncomfortable in his heart. In this family, he had no sense of belonging. His parents were in discord, and they had their own children. He was the most righteous one in the eyes of outsiders, but in fact, he was also the most pathetic one.
	Thanks to Nelson's patronage over the years, otherwise, no one would know what Jonas looked like now.
	Seeing that Jonas didn't answer her, Melinda didn't know if he had heard it or not, but since he had said what should be said, she had no other choice.
	"Linda, you are pregnant now. Take care of yourself and don't let the matter affect your mood." Jonas changed the topic. He couldn't help but gently caress her belly.
	Now, he had a sense of belonging because of Melinda and the child.
	Therefore, he would protect them well anyway.
	"Well, I believe that you will handle everything well." Melinda nodded with a smile. She was deeply grateful for the coming of this child when she saw the tender expression on Jonas's face.
	The two of them talked more about the things happened around them. Hearing that, Melinda felt a bit tired. As soon as she finished saying that, she leaned against the arms of Jonas and fell asleep.
	Since Jonas had settled her in the bed, thinking of the person downstairs, he finally went downstairs.
	The atmosphere downstairs was still as dull as before, but Jerry was not as reserved as at first, and he found a seat under the guidance of Alston.
	Alston rarely paid attention to things at home. But today, he had held a so-called family meeting for Jerry. Even Yulia, who did not have much sense of existence at home, sat upright in her seat.
	Nelson sat at the head of the table, with Alston and Queena sitting on one side. Jerry was next to Alston, and Melissa selected a farthest seat for him.
	Aron and his son, Rey, also arrived there.
	Their seats were close to Yulia's, and the seat next to Queena was apparently reserved for Jonas.
	The living room was quiet. After the servant finished greeting, she left quietly.
	"What kind of meeting are you having today?" Aron instantly looked at Jerry.
	His eyes were relatively narrow and long. When he slightly narrowed his eyes, it seemed to be smiling, but in fact, he was looking at him.
	Sitting next to him, Rey was also very surprised to see Jerry. He was a bit nearsighted and without glasses today, so at the first sight he almost recognized Jerry as Jonas.
	But it was different if only he felt carefully. Jonas would never sit next to his father like this, even with a smile on his face.
	"This is my son, Jerry," Alston said calmly. He had just told everyone that Jerry was his son, which proved that he had made up his mind to take Jerry back.
	"No wonder his eyes and brows look quite like Jonas's," Aron said with an understanding look, but his words were full of a frivolous sneer. Jonas just went downstairs and did not come over, but he had heard their conversation.
	When he heard that he looked like Jerry, he felt disgusted.
	"Why are you still standing there? Come here for the meeting."
	When Alston saw Jonas coming downstairs, he became impatient. The whole family was sitting as he gave him the order to the meeting. Aron and his son came as well. But Jonas had been waiting upstairs.
	He asked a servant to urge him, but he was told that the second floor was a forbidden area and they were not allowed to go upstairs without the order of Jonas.
	His pride was ruined. Fortunately, he was at home. If he were outside, Alston would have vomited a mouthful of blood.
	Queena looked up at Alston, her expression was very serious, even filled with hatred. She didn't care about the past, but this time, she really hated this man.
	She knew long ago that her husband was unreliable. Fortunately, the child had grown up and Jonas was her strongest backer. She couldn't help but feel a little relieved when Jonas appeared.
	"Meeting. What do you want to talk about between us?" Jonas said with a cold smile, and then looked at Jerry with a faint surprise, as if saying, why was this outsider still sitting here?
	"Jonas!"
	Alston shouted at her harshly. With close observation, one could see the veins on his forehead were popping. The crystal lamp in the living room slapped on his face, and there was no tenderness in it.
	Although he was in a rage, the attitude of Jonas didn't change at all.
	"I will cooperate if you are going to have a meeting. But it is not appropriate if there is outsider present in the family meeting," Jonas said mockingly. He was referring to Jerry.
	The atmosphere between them was a little tense. Queena looked very worried and wanted Jonas to stop being stubborn at such a critical moment.
	"He is your younger brother. Today's meeting is held for him," Alston said seriously. He frowned with hatred.
	They three really looked like each other when they stood together, but their temperament was quite different. Jonas had always been cold as ice, and Alston had a strong disposition while Jerry had always been slippery.
	Compared to them, Jonas was at a loss.
	"Oh," Jonas responded indifferently. Then as if he knew nothing, he took the car key and went out of the villa directly.
Chapter 291 Come Back For Revenge
	Jonas didn't know how the meeting ended, but when he walked out of the villa, he felt relieved.
	His family had restricted him too much. However, when he got used to such kind of imprisonment and found a most suitable way to live, he could not help but suffer such an incident.
	The so-called Gu's mansion, however, was becoming more and more strange.
	Instead, he preferred to live outside with her.
	He drove aimlessly on the street. Because of what happened today, he was not in the mood to go to the company. Judging from his father's attitude, not long after, Jerry would definitely be working in the company.
	What position would he give him? Is it the CEO? Jonas thought ironically.
	Jerry was an untimed bomb. He had said that he would take revenge on the Gu family, and now what his father had done was to lure a wolf into a house.
	As such a madman, no one knew what crazy things he would do.
	The atmosphere in the living room was still tense. Among them, Aron was the one who enjoyed the most. He talked with Jerry, and Aron was a man who could read people's mind with a few words.
	After a comparison between Jerry and Jonas, he finally thought that Jonas was more difficult to deal with.
	Jerry was sophisticated, and he cared more about things than Jonas. But it was different with Jonas. As long as Jonas wanted, he wouldn't care about anything.
	Alston simply told them about Jerry's coming back to Gu family and then he spoke out his guilt. Queena looked indifferent all the time, but her heart was as cold as ice.
	She had always hoped that Nelson would say something. But Nelson was more silent than anyone else.
	The meeting seemed like a unilaterally speech from Alston.
	As soon as Aron and his son left, Alston asked the servants to arrange the accommodation for Jerry. He also had a room in the main villa, and likewise, he picked a small villa that only belonged to him.
	Alston assigned the servants who always took care of him to Jerry, and his attitude of importance was once again seen by everyone.
	In this way, Jerry lived in Gu's mansion.
	Queena felt that it was not a way to go on like this. The only thing she could do now was to let Jerry leave here.
	"Let's talk." When Jerry was about to go back to his own small villa, he was stopped by Queena. He stopped, turned around, and looked at Queena with mockery and frightening.
	Queena was taken aback for no reason, then he calmed down, looked at Jerry, and competed against each other.
	"Mrs. Gu, I don't think there is anything to talk about between us." Jerry shrugged and said. He didn't expect that Queena would stop him.
	However, even though he said so, he still moved a little backward, and the distance between them was getting closer and closer. The coldness of his was giving Queena a chill.
	"Tell me, what can I do to make you leave Gu family?" Queena came straight to the point, but Jerry laughed out loud, as if he had heard a big joke.
	His laughter was arrogant. Those who hadn't gone far still heard it, but in the end, they all chose to ignore it with tacit understanding.
	Yao Qin was not influenced by this laughter at all. She was still looking at Jerry, waiting for his answer.
	Jerry had been smiling all the time. Tears were about to fall down from his eyes, but he still wiped the corners of his eyes in the end. The smile at the corners of his mouth didn't change, and his meaning of taunting was still the same.
	"It's not easy for me to get into here. Do you think I will leave?"
	"It depends on you. As long as you leave, I think you should be very clear that you won't get anything from Gu family."
	Queena said, hoping him to leave.
	The situation in the Gu family was complex. It was really difficult for Jerry to get anything, but he had guessed all this long ago.
	"As I like?" Jerry said with pretended doubts, but the sly smile at the corner of his mouth made Queena feel that he was planning something.
	She suddenly lost confidence like a moment ago. Did she really agree with what Jerry said? What if he is a greedy man? Queena's mood was very complicated now.
	"I have a big appetite. You can't satisfy me." As he spoke, he even revealed a smile. The huge contrast between his sullen tone and the sunny smile made people feel chilly.
	"What on earth do you want?" Queena said angrily, her chest heaving sharply.
	"What do I want? Haven't I told you before? I want my revenge. " Jerry couldn't help laughing out loud. He used to look like a cute boy but now he looked like a devil.
	In her mind, Queena couldn't help recalling the words that Jerry had said when he first came to the Gu family.
	She stood still, but Jerry laughed again. Then he turned around and left without saying anything.
	It was so good to see them frightened, which gave him the pleasure of revenge.
	He swore to himself that he would make them pay for what they had done to his mother.
	After Jerry left, it took a long time for Queena to react and then she went upstairs to the study of Alston. She wanted to tell him everything.
	Jerry was not a kind person at all. He came back to revenge, making the whole family unpeaceful.
	She lost her usual elegant and gorgeous look, and she looked frightened. Queena didn't care about herself, but he didn't want Jonas to be hurt.
	It was all their fault. Why should Jonas take the responsibility?
	"Alston, you can't let Jerry back to our family." Queena looked at him bitterly. It seemed that she was so blind that fell in love with this man, and even married him, resulting in such a tragedy.
	He turned a deaf ear to her words. And letting Jerry to come back, he knew that Queena and Jonas would not be pleased, so he still did not answer her and was busy with his work.
	Being ignored like this, Queena was very angry. She rarely lost her manner. At this time, she rushed forward, pushed away the thick pile of documents, and looked at Alston angrily.
	"Jerry came back to take revenge on you. You are the person who caused all the tragedy of his mother. Do you think he will let you go? What are you doing here? "
	Queena shouted loudly, hoping that in this way he would be a little sober and saw reality.
	However, the man in front of her was still calm. He had always been domineering. He bent down to pick up the documents falling on the ground, and flicked the dust.
	After tidying up everything, he gave Queena a glance and said indifferently, "is this what you want to say?"
	These things were already very serious in the eyes of Queena. At this time, he said lightly, as if there was nothing important.
	"Isn't it enough for you to drive him out?" Queena asked back, and Alston smiled.
	"He is my child. Of course he should live with me." He had already known that Jerry was going to take revenge on the people of the Gu clan.
	Queena's eyes widened in shock, thinking Alston was crazy.
	"Don't you know what you are doing? Jerry is your son, how about Jonas, isn't he?"
	"I'm sorry for his mother. He has suffered a lot outside. Isn't it the right time to make him up?" Said Alston. "As for Jonas, he had the happiest time these years."
	He was born in the Gu family. he had enjoyed a lot of benefits, while Jerry had suffered a lot with his mother outside.
	"Alston, you disgust me."
	Queena said in disappointment. She felt that she was really crazy to say these words, hoping that he would wake up.
	At the same time, outside the door of the study, Melinda covered her mouth. What Alston said overturned her opinion about him.
	She went upstairs just now to ask Alston not to mind Jonas's attitude, because he could not accept this for a while.
	But she never expected to hear these words. She didn't know what she was feeling, but she felt pity for Jonas.
	A person's character had a lot to do with the growth environment. The reason why she was so cold was mostly because of the family.
	"I have made a decision on this matter. Don't say anything more and don't let Jerry leave. You are the hostess of this family, so show your manners."
	He said, then handled his business and leaving Queena behind.
	Queena again, realized his ruthlessness, she felt helpless and left his bedroom in a daze, and Melinda had already left.
	Since Jonas had been out for a long time, it was inevitable that she was a little worried. What's more, she lacked a sense of safety in the home now.
	It seemed that as long as she closed their eyes, she would think of the vicious eyes of Jerry.
	She called Jonas. Not long after, Jonas came back with a lot of food, obviously prepared for Melinda
	Wandering outside, he bought a lot of things unconsciously.
	"Why did you buy so many? I can't eat them all by myself." Looking at this, she seriously doubted that maybe Jonas just wanted to keep her as a pig.
	Besides, she didn't feel nervous anymore when she saw Jonas.
	"It's okay for you to eat more." Jonas touched his nose and said. He realized that he had done something stupid when he was full of thoughts.
	"By the way, I just went to Dad… I heard something. " After hesitating for a while, she finally put the things down and spoke of what she had overheard.
	"He seems to know the purpose of Jerry." Melinda bit her lips and said. She couldn't understand why he make Jerry stay, even he knew his revenge.
	Was it really because of guilt and desire to make up? 
Chapter 292 Business Matters
	Hearing this, Jonas was silent. Finally, he sighed helplessly. He was getting more and more confused about his father.
	"Don't worry about these things. I'll handle them," Jonas said, rubbing Melinda's head with his fingers. Melinda felt sorry for him, so she just wanted to do something for him.
	She touched her lower abdomen, hoping that this child could be stronger.
	"Jonas, don't take these things too seriously. I think dad may have his own reason. Maybe you can have a talk with him when you get a chance,"
	Melinda suggested. The atmosphere between the father and the son was very worrying. Hearing this, Jonas pursed his lips and hummed "H'm".
	Because of Jerry's sudden return, the whole Gu family was in a strange atmosphere. The next morning, sitting in the dining room, seeing Jerry, Melinda felt that she suddenly lost her appetite.
	Jerry was so slick. And in such a short time, he was on good terms with those servants at home. Some of them began to call him young master.
	Taking a look at the people at the table, Jonas held Melinda's hand and said to her in a soft voice, "You said you wanted to eat wontons at the south of the bridge last night, didn't you? Let me take you there."
	A trace of embarrassment appeared on Melinda's face, but she soon calmed down. She smiled coyly, and then looked at Nelson embarrassedly. "Grandpa, I've been a little greedy recently. I can't have breakfast with you this morning."
	Nelson knew clearly that it was just an excuse used by Jonas, but he still chose not to expose it. Queena didn't get it out all of a sudden, and said, "If you want to eat wonton, just tell the servant and let them cook it."
	There was no wonton this morning. Taking a look at Jonas, Melinda felt that he was really childish and thoughtful.
	"I miss the taste. Jonas happens to be free today,"
	said Melinda, defending Jonas unconsciously. Hearing what she said, Queena finally understood a little. In the end, she just told her to pay more attention to her health.
	Afraid that Melinda was not paying attention, she told Jonas about it again before they left. On the contrary, sitting in his seat, Alston looked at their backs and snorted coldly.
	Jerry acted very restless and carefully said, "It seems that my brother doesn't like me to eat here."
	He said that in a low voice, but everyone heard it. Queena's hand stopped when she held the bowl, and then she said impolitely, "You know you are annoying, then why are you still here?"
	Alston put down his chopsticks heavily, and everyone looked at him in horror.
	This man was used to be an invisible person at home. But his sudden highness had taken it all by surprise recently.
	"Let's eat."
	Nelson looked at the atmosphere at home, he did not have any appetite, but he still had to speak. The breakfast finished in a dull atmosphere.
	Queena left in a few bites, while Yulia was sad. Her father's temper suddenly changed. She didn't know what to do, and in the end, she still quietly narrow her presence.
	As for Jerry, although Yulia did not contact him in person, she knew something about him. Especially the words he said to the Gu family to revenge, she was even afraid of him.
	Jonas didn't lie. It was a few days ago when Melinda said she wanted to eat wonton, and he was too busy to take her to eat it at that time, so the wonton could be added at this time.
	This was a restaurant owned by an old couple. The materials were all mixed by themselves. Melinda tried to make it but it was not satisfactory in the end. She simply had a meal here when she had time to satisfy her stomach.
	"Why can't I make this taste by myself?" Melinda said while touching her round belly. The pregnancy reaction this time was not as obvious as last time, but her appetite had increased significantly.
	Jonas wiped her mouth carefully and smiled indulgently. If it was before, he might force the old couple to hand in the formula.
	But now he was fulfilled with simple, ordinary happiness after seeing Melinda try to everything.
	"I'll try ti make it for you next time," said Jonas, being confident that as long as it was prepared by him, Linda would like it. For the sake of his self-esteem, Melinda nodded vigorously and kept it in her heart. She was afraid that Jonas would forget it.
	After the meal, Melinda felt well and went to work.
	Jonas had a complicated mood when he went to the company. But the company was quite peaceful that day because Alston hadn't brought Jerry to the company.
	After work, Jonas still took Melinda to have a big meal before going back home. Dinner was finished at home. The servants were busy in cleaning the dining room. Nelson sat on the sofa watching news.
	Jerry sat beside him and tried to start a conversation with him. Though Nelson didn't talk much, he didn't ignore him.
	Queena was not there. It seemed that she was still angry in the room. Jonas and Melinda greeted Nelson and went back to the bedroom to wash up.
	As the whole day passed, Jonas was in a better mood. He went downstairs to the study of Alston, hesitating.
	The light in his study reflected from the crack of the door. Jonas knocked on the door three times and pushed the door in directly.
	When Alston saw it was him, he was not surprised at all. He seemed to have guessed that Jonas would come to him.
	"Dad, when did you know his identity?"
	Jonas stood at the door and looked at the figure sitting in front of the desk with a complicated look in his eyes. After so many years, his father was still the same as before. When he saw him, he felt estranged.
	"About the same time as you," said Alston. At that time, he did not take this child very seriously. The only thing that impressed him was that Jerry spoke in the Gu family. Then something happened. He began to pay attention to this person.
	"Then why didn't you let him go back at that time, but now you make such a sudden decision. Is there anything else we don't know?"
	Jonas said every word with a strong sense of sharpness. But Alston laughed at himself. Sometimes he felt this boy was like himself when he was young.
	However, they were different.
	His eyes were sharp and intimidating. It was obvious that he was born with high experience and high social status, but Jonas dared look at him, and was persistent in getting the answer.
	"It's a business problem. I can't tell you." The reason that Alston gave him was so ambiguous and Jonas was confused.
	If it was about the business, why couldn't he know? Was it because his father was wary of him and didn't trust him? Or the so-called business was just the cooperation between him and Jerry.
	There must be other reasons!
	"Have you ever thought about the consequences if you cooperate with him? Jerry is a bad guy. He framed others many times for his own interests,"
	Jonas asked tentatively. But Alston just answered calmly. Jonas did not know what happened between them.
	"He is just a child who hasn't grown up. He will be fine in the future." Alston valued Jerry, and was confident that he would make a good move.
	A mocking smile appeared on Jonas's face. Jerry was still a child? After he had done so many wicked things, he was very scheming and mischievous. How could he be named as a child?
	"He hurt Melinda again and again just for his own interests. He is too dangerous and he can't stay at home,"
	Jonas continued. In the past, he had put a lot of guards on Jerry, and now it was even harder to guard against him at home.
	"Well, that's enough. No matter what reason, it won't change my mind. He is going back to the Gu family." Alston was stubborn. It seemed that he didn't care about Jerry's personality at all.
	This made Jonas doubt about his business problems.
	"Dad, Linda is pregnant now. Why do you take a person who might hurt her back to Gu family? Don't you afraid that we will be heartbroken?"
	Jonas stared at Alston without a blink, as if he wanted to see a trace of hesitation on his serious and serious face, but in the end, he got nothing.
	"It won't happen," said him. His confidence in Jerry disappointed Jonas.
	"I'm really curious about how big a deal it is for you to do this. It's a business thing? As the CEO of Soaring Group, shouldn't I know the specific cooperation?"
	Said Jonas, but he knew clearly that Alston would not answer it, and he would even say something that would embarrass him, and that was the truth.
	"The Soaring Group is not yours yet," Alston said directly. Maybe it would not be his, which denied all the efforts of Jonas.
	Queena, who was outside listening to all the conversation between them, finally couldn't bear it anymore, so she pushed the door open and walked in.
	The eyes of the two men instantly fell on her. Queena walked to the side of Jonas and patted his son's shoulder, but it was a little difficult for her because of the height of Jonas.
	Her son had grown up and was able to be independent. But as a mother, she still wanted to stand by his side. She would feel happy even if she gave him a faint support.
	"Jerry is a man of very bad conduct, and he is selfish. He has hurt Mellie for many times. You can't leave him at home, or we can't explain it to Mellie's dad and grandparents,"
	Queena said, stating her position was the same as that of Jonas, and at the same time, it was also a threat that no matter how powerful Alston was in this family, he had to consider Nelson's feelings. And what's more, behind Melinda was the Mo family, which was of grace to Nelson.
	"I don't want to talk about this anymore. It won't change that Jerry will move in."
Chapter 293 Move Out
	When Jonas and Queena were about to say something, there was a knock at the door again. The one being talked about stood outside the door, looking at them innocently.
	Queena looked at Alston and hummed coldly, "You'd better think about it yourself."
	She looked into Jerry's eyes as if she was looking at her enemy. Jerry smiled at her and said casually, "Dad, what do you want to talk about the company with me?"
	Jerry asked and let Queena hear this sentence on purpose to stimulate her. Sure enough, Queena stopped her steps, and was even more unhappy with Alston.
	Jonas was the one who always did things for the company. But Alston had something to discuss with Jerry, as if he was telling them that not only would Jerry enter the Gu family, but also would sooner or later come to Soaring Group.
	"Come and sit here." In fact, Alston didn't have a good attitude towards Jonas and Queena, but when he was faced with Jerry, he was rarely gentle. Such a comparison made Queena feel sick, as if her throat was stuck by a bug.
	She left the study, but Jonas was still standing there, looking at his father, and said with a faint smile, "Dad, since it is a company matter, does it mean that I have the right to know?"
	"I'll leave this matter to Jerry. You just need to do your own things. If there's nothing else, you can go back,"
	Alston said, with a direct verification. Jonas's conjecture was right that Jerry was really ready to enter the company.
	He smiled and said nothing more. After Queena, he left the study.
	There were only two people left in the study. After a moment of silence, Alston handed a file over to Jerry.
	"How to deal with it?" Although Alston stubbornly brought Jerry back and let him get in touch with the matters of the Soaring Group, he was not stupid. He still had to try on Jerry's own ability.
	Jerry had expected this and didn't rush to take over the case, analyzing it carefully.
	His thoughts were not meticulous, and sometimes they were unrestrained, but his ideas were very sensitive, which could be said to be a solution with a good degree of tolerance.
	Just like his usual way of treating others, he left himself with numerous choices. He was like a cunning hare who had three holes in his home for escaping.
	However, those documents were all far sighted when it came to the affairs of the company. After listening to them, Alston admired Jerry very much and thought that he had the ability to get in touch with the affairs of the company.
	Maybe his joining would have an unexpected result.
	The two people had a long conversation in the study. Although Queena returned to her bedroom, she was also concerned about the situation here. She had a bad feeling when she saw Jerry leave with a smile.
	She couldn't prevent Alston from bringing Jerry to the company. The situation in the family was getting more and more tense. On the contrary, it was Yulia who was most comfortable.
	Queena couldn't be watching their every move all the time. After thinking it over, she decided to make friends with Yulia.
	"Gavin, please ask Yulia to get ready for tonight and go to the party with me. The dress is ready and it will be sent there later."
	Queena didn't like these banquets very much, but in order to help Jonas, she would still come, because she had a few friends, so she would know more things about them.
	Since her current position was different, those people were naturally willing to make friends with her.
	However, Yulia had always wanted to enter any of these banquets but was not allowed to. There were two reasons. One was her identity. The other was that something stupid happened before.
	Now she had learned to be smart. As long as she didn't make trouble, Gu family would not treat her badly.
	At this time, Gavin suddenly told her that Queena was going to take her to the party, and she was in a trance.
	She hadn't been to such an occasion for a long time.
	"Madam has prepared all the things for you. You only need to come with her." Gavin spoke in another way to make Queena's words sound better.
	He asked someone to bring the dress here. It was a latest customized dress from the Y brand and it hadn't begun to be sold yet. Yulia only saw it on a magazine. At this time, she was really flattered.
	"This is for me?" she asked in disbelief, as if she was thinking that it must be Melinda's gift sent to her by accident.
	After all, according to the current status of the family, such a good dress was the most likely to give Melinda.
	"It's yours. They fit you well," Gavin said. As soon as Yulia heard what he had said, she was overjoyed.
	In the evening, when Queena brought her to the party, she still attracted the attention of many people. Queena used to be very indifferent to Yulia, but today she took her to meet those people to show her respect.
	This made Yulia feel like in a dream.
	When she returned home, Queena also took a lot of care of her. The servants at home were all doing things according to their expressions. Their attitude towards Yulia immediately made a big change.
	Everyone at home complimented her.
	Queena was determined. She would not only take Yulia to these occasions, but also let her deal with everything at home and give her power.
	Her action was seen by Alston, but he didn't say anything. In these days, Yulia had paid all her attention to Queena, which made her very happy.
	"Yulia, I have something to deal with tonight. Could you attend the birthday party for me?" Queena gave the invitation in her hand to Yulia. Looking at the invitation, Yulia knew it was not a simple banquet.
	When she opened the door and saw the host's name in it, she was even shocked. Queena actually let her go on such an important occasion alone!
	"Auntie Yao, I..." Yulia was not confident in herself. She was worried that she would embarrass the Gu family, but Queena looked at her firmly and told her that she could.
	"You are a member of the Gu family. No one dares to make things difficult for you. If you really don't like this kind of occasion, just come back early. But you young people should still make more friends,"
	Queena said. In current circle, every celebrity had a friend group, but Yulia had been away because of her identity. Therefore, she thought highly of her by sending her to such a party.
	Besides, Queena had already contacted the hostess beforehand, so that the hostess wouldn't think she was looked down upon by the Gu family.
	Yulia didn't refuse no more. This kind of life was addicting. Besides, she was not young. She wanted to take this opportunity to find a suitable person.
	She appreciated Queena's attention to her. She knew the situation at home and wanted to help.
	Regardless of other skills, Yulia was good at eavesdropping for she had practiced it a lot at the time when she monitored Melinda.
	She didn't it care much as Alston paid no attention to her. Therefore, she often heard the conversation between Alston and Jerry clearly.
	And these words would soon be heard by Queena.
	Although Melinda had promised Jonas that she wouldn't care about this, she couldn't help but pay attention to it. Sometimes, she thought it wasn't worth it when she saw how Alston treated Jonas and Jerry.
	She just got pregnant and was not in good health. She didn't go to work these days but stayed at home to nourish the fetus. She also had many complaints about Alston.
	She took it to heart.
	Jerry had tried many times to hurt her and her baby, but Alston still kept him at home. Every time Melinda saw Jerry at home, she always felt very uncomfortable.
	When Jonas wasn't at home, Melinda didn't even want to go out of her room.
	She had to go out with the company of Queena in case that Jerry would be unable to play tricks. Melinda had lived in such a state of fear. After more than a month of pregnancy, Melinda had lost a lot of weight and looked withered.
	Nelson was a little worried, but he said nothing at last.
	Every time Jerry saw Melinda, he would warmly greet her. The smile on his face made Melinda sick.
	"My sister-in-law, you seem to have got thinner these days." At lunch time, the family sat together, and Jerry was sitting diagonally opposite to Melinda. His eyes always made Melinda think that she had been poisoned. She would die of poison if she took one more look at him.
	"Really?" Melinda answered with a forced smile. She was also helpless about this. Looking at the delicate dishes on the table, she suddenly lost appetite when thinking of the people sitting opposite to her.
	Queena saw this and picked up some of Melinda's favorite dishes for her, saying with worry, "Even if you have no appetite, you have to eat something. It's good for your health."
	Melinda was concentrating on the dishes, without saying a word, and finally ate quietly. Since Jerry came, there had always been a dull atmosphere on the table.
	However, as Jerry returned to the Gu family, the times that Alston returned home were apparently much more than usual.
	Melinda really wanted to put down the bowl and chopsticks and leave. She always felt a glance at herself, which made her very restless.
	"Master Jonas." Gavin's sudden voice attracted many people's attention. Hearing Gavin's words, Melinda turned around and saw Jonas. She was so excited that she almost burst into tears.
	Jonas's face was still as cold as ice, and when he saw Alston and Jerry, he was almost frozen. But when he looked at Melinda, his eyes were full of tenderness.
	"I'll ask the servant to get you a pair of new tableware," Queena said. The servant was observant. Soon, the set was ready and placed next to Melinda.
	Jonas did not take his seat. "Grandpa, I've thought it over these days. I think it's better to take Linda to move out," said Jonas, holding Melinda's hand and looking at her puzzled eyes.
	"I wasn't at home. I was worried that Linda might have been set up. I couldn't take care of the business in this way. Besides, Linda's life was also affected."
Chapter 294 30% Shares Of The Company
	The most obvious proof of this was that Melinda was getting thinner. And the words that he was worried that she would be harmed at home was exactly referring to Jerry.
	Everyone put down their bowls and chopsticks, except Jerry. He continued to eat as if nothing had happened, as if this matter had nothing to do with him.
	To be honest, he was very satisfied with the series of reactions after he moved into the Gu family. Seeing that they panicked before he did anything, Jerry was very pleased.
	Alston looked stern. He often had a stern face, which made one feel harsh, and it was impossible not to feel a little frightened now.
	Clenching her body a little bit, Yulia lowered her head to avoid being noticed by others. Looking at Jonas, Melinda was confused. In fact, Jonas didn't discuss this with her at all.
	Nelson still didn't say anything. Being silent for a while, Alston ignored his words, as if nothing had happened.
	Queena instantly stood up from her seat and said in disapproval, "Jonas, this is your home, and you are not the person who should leave."
	"Mommy, this is Gu family," Jonas said with a smile. This was just the Gu family, not his family.
	His home would be good as long as he had Linda. Unlike the Gu's mansion, it was oppressive and strange. Hearing this, Melinda held his hand tightly, as if to console him or tell him that she was here.
	"Even so, you are not the ones who should leave,"
	Queena said. Her eyes fell on Jerry, as if reminding everyone that who should leave in the room.
	As if knowing nothing, Jerry put down his bowl and chopsticks, and said to Alston, "Dad, I'm full. Don't worry about the case you gave me, I'll handle it well."
	He said that provocatively. Instead of leaving, he would gain a higher position in the family.
	Without saying anything more, Jonas took Melinda's hand and left.
	Bewildered, Melinda left with Jonas. His leaving was simple, and he just brought her alone. He lived in an apartment near the company, which was clean and tidy. There was a servant there. It seemed that Jonas had prepared it in advance.
	"Jonas, are we just moving out like this?" Melinda was still in a daze. Not long ago, she had a meal at the table.
	"Yes,"
	Jonas said. He led Melinda to the dining room, where the lunch was served and the medicinal congee was specifically prepared for her.
	Every doctor who had checked up on Melinda would think that she was too weak. Since Jonas had a high IQ, he not only used it on the business, but also used it on developing her into a fit woman.
	"I don't think it's a good idea,"
	Melinda said in confusion. She didn't want to see Jonas get into a fight with Alston. Even though she was on guard against Jerry, she didn't think that he was stupid enough to hurt her at home.
	But Jonas didn't think so. For him, nothing was more important than Melinda and the unborn baby.
	The Gu's mansion was a dangerous place with Jerry. He couldn't let Melinda stay there all the time.
	"It's okay, don't worry."
	Nelson knew what kind of person Jerry was, so did Alston. And Nelson also knew that it was impossible for Jerry and him to live in peace. Rather than pretending to get along with each other, it was better to break up the face at the beginning, which could be considered as a clear stand in the relationship.
	Although Jonas said that it was fine, Melinda was still very worried.
	The current situation was already bad for Jonas. He had been at odds with Alston, which made him more embarrassed now?
	"Jonas, let's go back. I'm fine at home. Look at me, I'm fine these days? Jerry doesn't dare to do anything to me,"
	Melinda advised, blinking her big eyes innocently. Looking at Melinda, Jonas had a palpitation and he could not help but plant a kiss on her lips, and in the end deepened the kiss somewhat discontentedly.
	After resistance at first, Melinda was immersed in the romantic atmosphere created by Jonas. Finally, she leaned on him breathlessly.
	"This is our home," Jonas said, but clearly rejected the proposal of Melinda returning to the Gu's mansion.
	"But mom and grandpa are there." Melinda still didn't want to give up. The biggest reason why Jonas moved out from the Gu's mansion was because of her, which indicated that he had yielded in this silent battle.
	It must be very hard for him.
	"Don't worry. Mom can handle this. As for Grandpa, you don't need to worry about that old fox."
	Nelson was described as a cunning old fox. Hearing this, the corners of Melinda's eyes were involuntarily twitching. She felt that Jonas had the temperament of a rebellious teenager.
	The subject of returning the Gu's mansion was finally ended by the firm attitude of Jonas.
	Jonas's leaving was a warning in Yulia's heart. She was now on behalf of Queena. If the fight between Jonas and Jerry, if Jonas lost, she wouldn't have a good life in Gu family.
	Therefore, Yulia was more and more cautious to monitor Jerry and Alston.
	One day, Yulia was wondering at home as usual. Finally, she heard someone talking. So, she cautiously approached the study of Alston.
	One of the shortcomings of Alston was that when he was at home, the door of the study was usually ajar, which gave Yulia a good opportunity to eavesdrop.
	"Dad, when will you send me to the company?" Jerry had been very dissatisfied for so long, because he was only allowed to get in touch with these things by Alston. He didn't bring him to the company.
	Only when he came to the company, standing in front of everyone would be the best recognition for him.
	"The procedure is going to be done soon. It should be fair even if you want to go to the company." As soon as he said these words, Jerry's eyes lit up, but he concealed it well.
	He was very excited in his heart, but he tried to keep calm on the surface. The tone of his voice changed, "Do you mean the contract for the shares?"
	Previously, Alston said that he would let him take over the company's shares. But at that time, he only thought that he was fooled by him. He didn't expect that Alston had actually decided to transfer the shares to him.
	"Well, when you take over 30 percent of the shares, you have to make some achievements." Alston had great confidence in Jerry.
	Outside the house, Yulia's eyes widened when she heard 30% of the shares. Although she did not know much about the inner situation of the Soaring Group, she clearly knew that 30% was a big share.
	Even Jonas might not have thirty percent of shares.
	Although they were still talking, Yulia couldn't stand it anymore. She left so quickly that no one saw her as she came here.
	She didn't dare to hide such news at all, and quickly found Queena.
	Queena was very depressed these two days. She stayed in the atelier most of the time and painted calmly in it. Suddenly, Yulia broke in and broke the calm on the surface.
	There was still a complicated expression on Yulia's face. Queena put away the tools in her hand, washed her hands and then asked lightly, "What's wrong?"
	Recently contact, Queena noticed that Yulia was just an innocent person, and those bad thoughts were also due to ignorance.
	"Auntie Yao, I just... I heard that dad was going to transfer his 30% shares to Jerry." Yulia swallowed hard, and her eyes were filled with confusion.
	Queena hit the shelf next to her and looked at Yulia incredibly. It seemed that she was asking her in silence. Did she really hear it right?
	"Are you sure it's thirty percent?"
	Queena sucked in a breath and asked. She felt that Alston was really heartless. He said that he would make it up and now he gave him so many shares. So who would make up for what Jonas had suffered these years?
	He had done so much for the company, and so far, he didn't have much shares. Why did Jerry simply take away thirty percent of the shares? Why?!
	"Yes, I'm sure," Yulia said as she nodded. Looking at Queena's reaction, she knew that things were not that simple.
	Queena stood in the same place, with no change in her eyes for a long time, as if in a trance. Finally, she came back to her senses and hurriedly left the atelier.
	She had to talk to Nelson about this.
	Nelson was playing chess with his old friends outside, not at home. Queena was waiting in the living room, and she began to be restless.
	She didn't know how Soaring Group's shares were distributed, but she knew very well that Jonas didn't have that many.
	She had waited for several hours and Nelson had come back with a sleepy face. Obviously, he was going to have a rest.
	"Dad, there is something I have to say today." Queena stopped Nelson, and she was also a little nervous. According to the way Nelson treated Melinda, he would never allow her to be wronged.
	But this time, since Melinda had moved out, Nelson didn't say anything.
	Nelson glanced at Queena, and then sighed quietly. What was to come would come.
	The servants in the living room were all dismissed, leaving Nelson and Queena quietly sitting on the sofa. Queena told Nelson everything she knew.
	"Dad, are you really going to leave this matter alone? Thirty percent of the shares are not a joke," Queena said. With these shares, one could directly make decisions according to the internal distribution of the Soaring Group.
	After all, Jerry was not their real family.
	"I think that Alston must have his reasons for doing so. We should not meddle in this matter." That was the only sentence Nelson said at last. 
Chapter 295 Investigation On Emily
	"Dad, don't you love Mellie the most? Do you really want to see them being treated like this?" Queena became more and more anxious. If Nelson was unwilling to pay attention to it, it would be in a state of unsolved.
	Nelson stopped holding the stick. He didn't answer Queena's question, but rubbed the dragon head on the top of the stick with his finger.
	"Alston always does everything in the proper way." Nelson was helpless. This was his son's character. Once he decided, it was difficult to change his mind.
	He thought it was the best choice to let Jonas make a concession in this matter.
	In view of Melinda's current condition, it was not appropriate for them to get involved in this matter at all.
	Queena was hopeless. She felt she had no choice but to call Melinda after hesitating for a long time.
	What she could do now was to count on Jonas coming back home early to stop it happening.
	Melinda went to bed very early these days due to her pregnancy reaction. In a daze, she heard the sound of the phone ringing. She wanted to let Jonas answer the phone, but she didn't wake up until she stretched her hand to the other side of the bed and felt a little cool.
	"Mom."
	Seeing that the person who called was Queena, Melinda picked up the phone. Then she put on her shoes, ready to go to the study to look for Jonas.
	"Linda, where do you live now?" Queena asked in concern. Hearing Melinda's voice, she realized that it was late. She was a little annoyed at her impatience.
	But the current situation made her too anxious to calm herself down.
	"We just live in the apartment near the company. What happened?" Melinda asked as she stopped putting on her shoes.
	Her brain gradually started to move. Queena's call at late night must be for something.
	"Linda, please ask Jonas to come back as soon as possible. His father is going to transfer thirty percent of his shares to Jerry," Queena said in an anxious voice.
	She sat in the living room of the Gu family, only she was left alone. It was like the last stubbornness in her and her heart.
	Melinda was also surprised to hear that, but then she distracted her attention.
	"Jonas doesn't have those shares, right?" Melinda was not stupid. Listening to Queena's voice, she could analyze some things.
	"Right,"
	Queena said. This was what she couldn't accept most. How much had Jonas done for Soaring Group? Now he was only getting these for his hard work.
	It was a big joke for everyone.
	"Mom, why does he look down upon Jonas? What's wrong with Jonas? Is he inferior to Jerry?" Melinda said angrily. She didn't care about the share at all, but she was still dissatisfied with the behavior of Alston.
	What kind of person Jerry was? He thought so highly of him, which was equivalent to destroying the Kingdom established by Jonas.
	"Probably it's because he's my child." When Queena said this, she sounded particularly desolate, and even a little confused.
	She had been living more than half of her life. It was at this time that she started to seriously consider whether it was worth it or not.
	Hearing Queena's words, Melinda felt sad and didn't know how to comfort her. In the end, both of them were in silence.
	"I'll tell Jonas." After a long silence, Melinda said slowly. As for these things, since Jonas didn't want her to worry about them, she'd better let him solve them himself.
	She was confident with her man.
	"You are outside. Take care of yourselves," Queena said and then hung up the phone. If she was young, she might rush over and quarrel with Alston, but now, she didn't want to do anything.
	She felt tired after so many years.
	No matter what excuses he had, she found herself against the will and refused to forgive him.
	Holding the cellphone in her hand, Melinda was sitting on the bed in a daze for a long time. After she knew this matter, she felt angry. If Jonas knew it, he would be very disappointed.
	She suddenly wondered if she should tell these things to Jonas.
	After dealing with all kinds of things in the study, Jonas came back to the bedroom and saw that scene. Sitting on the bed with her arms around the knees, Melinda stared blankly at a point without a focus.
	"Linda." Jonas called her name for several times. Melinda didn't come to her senses until Jonas felt that she might have fallen asleep in such a weird gesture.
	"Have you finished your work?" Melinda asked. Thinking that Jonas worked so hard for the company, but his father had done such a terrible thing. She felt sorry for him.
	"Yes. I have a lot of work to deal with about the company," Jonas said. He hugged Melinda tightly without thinking too much. Maybe it was because he was too busy that he didn't have much time for Melinda.
	"There are so many people in the company. Why do you have to suffer so much alone? Don't you have that Jerry with you now? Just let him do it," said Melinda. Jonas felt that there was something wrong with Melinda, but he didn't say anything but smiled at her.
	He still had some power in hand. Moving out of the Gu's mansion was not his concession. As for his things, he would never give up.
	Although he knew in his heart that his father had asked Jerry to deal with some important projects.
	"I'm sorry. I'll keep that in mind,"
	Jonas said obediently. But Melinda became angrier as she heard that. She did not know why she was angry and how to vent it.
	"Jonas,"
	Melinda suddenly called his name. She looked serious. After a long pause, she asked, "Have you ever thought about it? Is it worth it?"
	His heart was devoted to the company, but it couldn't win her father's recognition. He lost to a suddenly emerging person.
	Everything seemed ironic to outsiders.
	"Linda, is there anything you want to tell me?" Melinda had said so, and if Jonas could not see that something was wrong, his feelings for her might be a joke.
	Melinda pressed her lips together and got closer to Jonas.
	"Mom just called and said that dad was going to transfer thirty percent of the shares to Jerry," Melinda said in an upset tone. She thought that Jonas would be angry or what, but he was very calm.
	He had been acting abnormally calm as usual. Noticing that Melinda was looking at him in confusion, Jonas smiled and rubbed her nose, and said helplessly, "You're angry because of this, aren't you?"
	"Of course." Melinda thought it wasn't worth it for Jonas. But his attitude made her feel that all her anger was like a joke.
	"Silly girl," said Jonas in a spoiled manner. He hugged Melinda tightly and then spoke out the reason. "In fact, I had guessed that these things would happen long ago."
	With psychological preparation, it was not strange when such thing happened.
	"Okay, stop worrying about these things. You just need to take care of yourself and our baby. Mom shouldn't tell you everything. Don't she know how stupid you are?"
	said Jonas. Melinda stared at him angrily. Finally, helplessly, she felt that what he said was quite reasonable.
	In the end, with the comfort of Jonas, Melinda was slightly better. Although she had something hidden in her heart, with the company of Jonas, she fell asleep.
	When they woke up the next morning, Jonas already started preparing for work. Seeing this, Melinda wore a look of disgust on her face again. How she hoped that Jonas was not an idiot and knew nothing at all.
	Seeing her facial expression, Jonas knew what Melinda was thinking about.
	"Linda, don't you give me an early kiss?" Jonas said with a smile as he tied his tie. Hearing that, Melinda walked over to Jonas, helping him with his tie, and then planted a kiss on his face.
	"Don't work so hard. I will provide for you and the baby," Melinda said. She even felt that it was not a bad idea to let Jonas stay at home. Since he had more potential to be a househusband, she would start writing. It could be worth a small amount of money for her family every month.
	Hearing this, Jonas was embarrassed and said nothing. He kissed again on her lips before leaving.
	As soon as Jonas left, the entire home was empty. Melinda wanted to be more broad-minded, but she called her father angrily in the end.
	She told him what had happened recently over the phone, which confused Vern a little. At last, Melinda said it three times without any logic. He finally got her point.
	"The bastard is living in the Gu family. And Jonas's father is going to transfer his 30% shares to him, seriously?"
	Vern caught the key point and asked. Melinda nodded hard. Then she realized that her father couldn't see her, so she said "Right".
	"He doesn't seem to be such a person with no sense of propriety. There must be something hidden in it," Vern said. He didn't know much about Alston, but he knew him a little.
	The strangest thing was that Nelson did not intervene in this matter. There must be a story here.
	"Mellie." Suddenly, her father called her name with a serious tone, which made Melinda hesitate. With a blank look on her face, she answered. Then she heard her father speak very seriously, "You can go to see how Emily is going on these two days."
	He seriously doubted that Emily must be involved in this matter.
	"But why?" Melinda asked in confusion.
	This matter had nothing to do with Emily from beginning to end. It was just Jerry's own fault.
	"Just go and check it,"
	said Vern. He just felt that way but couldn't tell specifically.
	Although Melinda did not understand why her father did so, she still sent people to investigate the case of Emily in his way. 
Chapter 296 Jerry's Fiancee
	Melinda had been waiting for news at home in the past two days. She had gotten many information from the private detective, but none of them was about Jerry.
	"You mean, this matter has nothing to do with Emily?" Melinda asked calmly. It seemed that she didn't care much about this matter, but the private detective had already felt that she had been asking questions from time to time.
	So she knew that in fact, Melinda cared a lot about this.
	"I have done my survey. They have no contact at all." The private detective answered. He was a famous detective in A City.
	It was said that his news was fast and true. Melinda was a straightforward person. He liked to make friends with those people, so he was patient.
	Hearing this, Melinda was lost in thought. 'Since it was not Emily, what on earth was I investigating?'
	"But I have another piece of news that might be useful to you." The private detective said with a tinge of guilt in his heart for finding out nothing useful to her.
	Hearing that, Melinda's eyes turned bright all of a sudden. She could not wait to ask, "what news?"
	"When I searched Jerry's social network, I found that his fiancee is Stacy Wang, the daughter of David Wang." The private detective said. He had been shocked for quite a while when he had heard the news.
	The bastard of Gu family had got a fiancee who came from a rich family.
	"David Wang?"
	She didn't know who he was, but judging from the detective' tone, she was told that he was a high-ranking person.
	"Hey, don't look down upon him. He is the master of investment in A City." The private detective probably guessed that Melinda was not sensitive to those people, so she did not know who he was, so explained to her.
	Hearing this, Melinda took a deep breath. Sure enough, they did have great status.
	So, did Alston's series of actions have anything to do with Jerry's fiancee.
	"Thank you. I think this news is really important." Melinda quickly ended the call.
	She took a look at the time on the wall. Thinking that it was almost time for Jonas to go home, she didn't call to urge him, beginning to analyze the news.
	She didn't know much about business, so she wanted to know the details of it from Jonas.
	"You are back." The door was opened from the outside. She walked up to Jonas hurriedly. Such a warm attitude pleased him.
	He looked at her doubtfully, seeing that she pulled his hand and sat down on the sofa with some excitement.
	"What's wrong with you today?"
	It was weird. Melinda had been worried a lot these days, and she seldom acted like now. Jonas guessed if something good had happened.
	But he couldn't figure out the reason in the end.
	"Jonas, I have something to tell you." Melinda was worried that she might not be able to explain how she got the news, so she decided to make a good start.
	Hearing this, Jonas's eyes became serious. He was worried that Melinda would be hurt because she cared too much about him.
	"I've been sending people to investigate Emily these days." Melinda's fingers started to intertwine, which was the most common action for her when she was thinking about it. Looking at it, Jonas said 'Yes', waiting for what she wanted to say next.
	However, what she said reminded him that he had paid all his attention on dealing with Jerry recently, and had ignored the action of Emily. If something bad happened to Melinda, he would definitely regret.
	"Do you suspect that what happened this time is related to Emily?" Jonas soon understood what was going on after blaming himself.
	He felt helpless and moved. He didn't want her to come into contact with the dark circles. However, since she cared about him, she would know more about these things.
	"Well, I didn't think of her at that time, it was my father who reminded me. But after a few days of investigation, I found that she had nothing to do with this matter, but I got another news that Jerry had a fiancee, and she was the daughter of David Wang."
	That was a piece of shocking news. Though she didn't know that Leo Wang, but Jonas had met him before.
	Sitting beside her, Jonas was deep in thought. It seemed that a lot of things had happened at this moment, and those seemingly inconceivable things had been explained.
	Was she the daughter of David? He never thought that Jerry had such a powerful strength.
	"I'll have Ted look into it." After thinking for a while, he said. After all, the information the private detective told was limited, and he needed to investigate the specific situation.
	"Yes." Mo Lian nodded her head fiercely. As long as there was a way to solve it, it was good. Looking at her lovely appearance, Jonas really wanted to hold her in his arms and fuck her fiercely. But now, he could do nothing but only touch her.
	Jonas had a quick schedule. Meanwhile, when Emily was investigating him, she also got the news.
	It was said that Jonas had a big trouble recently, which was caused by his father's illegitimate child.
	Emily thought of Jerry at once and got his fiancee who was the daughter of David. She mocked them to be poor before, which made Emily feel a pain in her face.
	At the same time, Emily finally understood why Jerry was so determined not to avenge the Gu family or cooperate with her. Now it seemed that he had a better plan.
	Jerry had such an ambition to fish in a long-term way.
	For a moment, it seemed that everyone knew that Jerry and David's daughter had been together, but there was no big change on their faces.
	Emily's current situation was not very good either. As soon as she thought of Jerry who had such a big backer, she immediately came up with a plan.
	But now, Jerry was getting better and better, but she was still struggling. With such a strong backer, they had to take advantage of the situation together.
	Emily immediately contacted Jerry. She hadn't dialed this number for a long time, but when she dialed it, it didn't show at the service area.
	She felt strange. Although she had known Jerry before, she could still feel that he couldn't easily change the phone number.
	After thinking about it for a long time, a possibility seemed to come to Emily's mind, which made her a little angry, but in the end, she chose to call Jerry with a different phone number.
	Emily got through to him.
	It meant that Jerry had blacklisted her!
	Did he want to say something? While Emily was deep in thought, a familiar male voice came from the other end of the line.
	"Hello?" When he saw the phone number, he hesitated for a long time and answered the phone. But then he regretted answering it.
	"Long time no see, Jerry." A mocking smile crept up the corners of her mouth.
	Jerry didn't feel embarrassed or even calm when Emily found out that he blacklisted her.
	"What's up?"
	"Let's meet." Emily said directly. There were many things that couldn't be explained clearly on the phone, and Jerry began to hesitate. Emily talked a lot on the phone before he finally agreed.
	The place they met was usually very secret. When Emily arrived, Jerry hadn't arrived yet. She could not help but feel that with a backer, it was really different.
	He had never treated her like this before.
	After waiting for more than ten minutes in the seat, Emily finally saw Jerry. He was wearing a white shirt, which was a little messy, and there were indistinct teeth marks under his neck. Emily was an adult, so she instantly understood what was going on.
	"It seems that your fiancee is quite aggressive." Emily looked at Jerry with a mocking smile. Jerry did not feel embarrassed at all, pretending to be superior.
	His attitude towards Emily was in sharp contrast to before.
	"I didn't expect that you would get close to Stacy." Emily did not care about Jerry's attitude at all. If she had such a strong backer at this time, her attitude would only be more prominent.
	"What do you want from me?" Jerry said impatiently. Stacy always clung to him recently, and he would spend some time ti explain to her if he leave her for a long time.
	It was not easy for him to meet Emily today.
	"We are partners, aren't we?" Asked Emily. It was clear that she wanted to cooperate with him.
	Hearing this, Jerry sneered and then said, "I remember that I have told you not to cooperate with you a long time ago."
	And as you said, let bygones be bygones. " At that time, Emily was worried that the matter would be exposed and wanted to blame Jerry for everything. Indeed, she had said these words, but now she was being humiliated.
	"Aren't you going to help me?" She raised her eyebrows and asked. It seemed that she was surprised that Jerry refused to help her. Jerry looked at her coldly. He didn't respond, and his attitude was the best answer.
	Emily clenched her bag. She had already guessed that Jerry would treat her in this way, so she would not come to see him without any preparation.
	"You still want to revenge now. I can help you. Losing a partner like me will definitely be your loss, and..." Looking at Jerry, Emily suddenly smiled brightly. "If you don't cooperate with me and help me, I will tell Stacy what happened between us."
	Hearing this, Jerry's eyes widened in an instant. Stacy cared about whether a boy who want to become her boyfriend is a virgin. In order to get her love, he had spent a lot of time, especially since he had always lied to her that he was a virgin.
	If Stacy knew what happened between him and Emily, he was definitely failure.
	Looking at the reaction of Jerry, Emily knew that she had clutched his weakness accurately, so she was very happy. 
Chapter 297 Fail In Great Success
	"Can you help me now?" Emily looked at Jerry and said. Although her tone was mild, she was very proud of Jerry's scruple.
	However, Emily did not notice the vicious look in Jerry's eyes. He was a man who would do anything to achieve his goal. Emily's threat really made him want to get rid of this person.
	But it was not the right time.
	"I can't break my plan now," Jerry finally compromised. He wanted Emily to know that he had his own plan, and there was not much difference between their goals.
	If she really wanted to take revenge, she wouldn't ruin it.
	"I know, so I won't make you too embarrassed. If necessary, you can just help me out," said Emily. Now the most important thing for her was to gain a firm foothold and find a patron, because the person who had bailed her out before might not be reliable.
	But everything would be different with the help of Jerry.
	"Okay. But if you let Stacy know about this, we will all be screwed." A hint of anger appeared in Jerry's eyes. He thought, 'Emily is really a tough woman to deal with. No wonder she took advantage of Jonas for so many times.'
	"I know what I am doing." Emily was angry about being completely warned by Jerry, and said it stubbornly. In order to reach the goal, Emily did not continue to make things difficult for Jerry. There was nothing to talk about between the two, and when Stacy called Jerry, he left.
	Ted's investigation done at a very fast speed. Not long after, a message was sent to Jonas. It turned out that Jerry indeed be with Stacy, and Stacy relied on him a lot.
	David loved his daughter very much. If his daughter liked Jerry, he would of course help him.
	With the help of David's position in A City, Jerry really could bring a lot of benefits to Soaring Group.
	He seemed to understand why his father did this.
	But, didn't Jerry know that maybe Alston was taking advantage of the relationship between him and David?
	Or, it could be said that this value was deliberately released by Jerry in order to let Alston see.
	All of a sudden, Jonas felt himself trapped in another trap and could not get out.
	Sitting quietly beside, Melinda was nervous to see his reactions, sometimes he frowned and sometimes relaxed brows.
	"Jonas, what are you thinking about?" Seeing that Jonas finally came out of his meditation, Melinda could not help but ask.
	Was it difficult for him to understand? Why did he have to think for such a long time?
	Today, wearing a pink housecoat, Melinda was clinging to Jonas as if she were a little pig.
	The moment Jonas saw Melinda, all of his worries disappeared.
	"It's just that I haven't figured out some things yet," Jonas said lightly, but it was sure that Jerry came with a purpose, and the simple and crude thing was to take revenge.
	At the thought of his father's words that he wanted to make up for his mistakes, Jonas was confused. His father was just pretending to be sorry for his mistake in front of Jerry?
	"What is it that you don't understand? Let me give you an analysis."
	Since her father gave her advice and she got such an important news, Melinda thought that she had a quick mind.
	Hearing this, Jonas couldn't help laughing out. Looking at him, Melinda seemed sullen, clutched the collar of his shirt and said ferociously, "Jonas, what do you mean? !"
	"Nothing. I believe that you're the smartest woman in the world, Linda," said Jonas, not minding Melinda's violent behavior at all. He even worried that he would hurt her and cooperate with her behavior.
	Being a little discouraged, Melinda stopped what she was doing and began to doubt herself. Finally, she gave up, saying, "I know I'm useless, but I hope you don't hide anything from me."
	This was the last request that Melinda made to Jonas.
	In fact, Melinda lacked a sense of security, especially when Jonas didn't want her to worry about many things. She would feel that he didn't trust her.
	The woman who was still alive and kicking suddenly looked pale. Jonas couldn't help frowning, thinking that he was no longer able to keep up with pregnant women.
	"Don't think too much," Jonas said with his head knocked on Melinda's forehead. Then he rested his chin on Melinda's shoulder and voiced out his guess.
	"Why do I think that two people are making use of each other? Or nothing ventured, nothing gained?" Melinda said while fiddling with her hair. Hearing this, Jonas felt that it seemed to make sense.
	His father knew that Jerry approached him with a purpose, but he still chose to make use of Jerry. This was simply a gamble.
	Both sides laid their trump cards to each other, but the outcome was hard to say.
	"How about you go to talk with dad about it?" Melinda advised, hesitating. Now that Jonas knew a lot of things, Alston had nothing to hide.
	"I will think about it later,"
	said Jonas. He recalled what his father had mentioned in the business circle.
	"Well, no matter what you do, I will always support you." Melinda nodded her head, only to bump into Jonas's head. Covering her chin in some pain, she then put her head against his chin to keep him from leaning on her.
	"That's great." Jonas held Melinda tighter. He had been with the one he loved most all the time now, who cared for him all the time and supported him all the time. This made him feel very happy, as he knew that he was not alone fighting for the battle.
	In the end, Jonas decided to remind his father again. He hadn't come back since he left the Gu family.
	The servants were very excited to see him back, especially Gavin. They thought that Jonas had finally come round and nothing was better than being together.
	"Why do you come back?" Alston asked Jonas in a cold voice. He knew that his son had always been at odds with him and could only make him worry.
	This time, he did the same thing to him as well.
	"I already know why you did so, but Dad, have you ever thought that this may be his plot?" It was rare for Jonas to talk with his father calmly.
	It was the only reason he could think of for Jerry to be willing to be used. He must be planning other plots.
	Perhaps this time the share transfer was one of them. If so many shares fell into the hands of an outsider, the Soaring Group would certainly fall into a mess.
	"You know it?" Alston said mockingly. If Jonas did know why he did so, he wouldn't speak such nonsense.
	Hearing this, Jonas began to question himself again. Was he wrong?
	"Jerry is selfish and he hates you very much. How could he be willing to be taken advantage of by you?" said Jonas, reminding Alston not to immersed in the benefits in front of him.
	Perhaps, under the honey was the arsenic.
	"How do you know who is taking advantage of me? The company has never had a good opportunity to expand it these years. It's a rare opportunity. I won't give it up."
	Jerry's ambition was similar to that of Alston, who had always been ambitious. However, the company didn't look good these two years.
	"The company's development is a step by step, and one can't gain a lot of weight by one bite, especially your way of doing things. What's the difference between you and a gambler? Have you ever thought what the Soaring Group will become if these shares fall into the hands of an outsider?"
	Jonas calmly analyzed the situation. However, Alston merely sneered and then said, "Look, people say that you are a man with sharp eyes, malevolence and quick eyes. You can quickly find out the market. But you always hesitate. You have missed many opportunities."
	Alston said so. Hearing that, Jonas didn't speak for a while. The market was not as usual now, so he had to be cautious about making any investment. What was more, there were many swindles. He didn't think he made any mistake.
	But in the eyes of Alston, it was the biggest mistake.
	"It's your hesitation that makes you fail in great success!" Alston said. The door of the study was pushed in suddenly at this time.
	Queena came back as soon as she heard the servant say that Jonas was back, and happened to hear the last words of Alston.
	"Don't try to persuade him, Jonas. He knows everything." Queena did know something about Alston. She knew him well. It was impossible for him not to investigate these things.
	But what could he do if he knew? He only cared about the interests.
	"Alston, now I am looking forward to seeing how you are used by your good son and finally defeated." It was the most malicious blessing for Alston.
	Before the fight began, Queena began to curse him that he lost to Jerry.
	Jonas looked at his father and was very disappointed. In the end, he listened to Queena's words, and he had said everything. It was up to his father whether he would accept it or not.
	The mother and the son left the study, only to find that Melinda was also here. She was smiling when she saw Jonas.
	"Why are you here?" Jonas rubbed her head habitually, but he didn't know that Melinda had made an appointment with Queena in the beginning, so they knew the news at the same time.
	"Jonas, let's go back to the Gu family." Melinda raised her head, looked at Jonas, and said it out loud. She could clearly feel the subtle change of Jonas' expression, but she was not afraid at all.
	Jonas clenched her hands, and finally said slowly, "As long as Jerry doesn't leave, we won't come back."
	It seemed that he was talking to both Melinda and the others in Gu's mansion. 
Chapter 298 Harming Others Without Benefiting Ourselves
	After saying that, Jonas took Melinda back to their small home. As for the question of looking back to the Gu's mansion, Melinda was smart enough not to mention it any more.
	Alston completely angered Queena, thinking Jerry truly was the son of him, his selfish behavior was somewhat similar.
	He could sacrifice others' safety for those benefits.
	Melinda had thought it would be a breakthrough, but it turned out to be a dead end.
	"Can David bring a lot of benefits to the company?"
	With a touch of sadness in her eyes, she looked at Jonas. He stroked her head thoughtfully.
	"He is worthy of The Master of Investment in A City."
	Said Jonas. His ability to control the stock market was well-known. Many people followed him to buy their shares, which was like a wind symbol.
	"I really don't know anything about it." Melinda said helplessly. She had known a little about the business before, but finally she gave up to do it.
	As for her personality, it was suitable for her to plant flowers and drink tea at home, being responsible for her beauty.
	"Don't worry about something in the future that you don't know how to solve, and there will be a natural solution." Said Jonas. The situation in the company was objective now, and David hadn't shown up, which made Jonas wonder what he was doing.
	The undercurrent in the Gu's mansion hadn't spread to the company, but now David got the news that Jonas and Jerry were brothers with the same father but a different mother.
	He was shocked at first, but then he asked his secretary to contact Jonas.
	Usually, they found William first and then contacted Jonas later. When Jonas knew that David wanted to see him, he subconsciously felt that he was going to make a move.
	"Arrange my schedule and meet him as soon as possible." After thinking for a long time, Jonas said. Since the other party had already launched an attack, there was no need for him to fear. He wanted to see what Jerry was going to do.
	Jerry wanted David to help him gain a foothold in Soaring Group?
	Ted began to get nervous. He even wanted to arrange someone to watch what David was doing, but was stopped by Jonas.
	Seeing that, David was in a hurry. When William texted him back, and David had sent him the address.
	The place they met was a golf court. Although David had reached his middle age, he looked energetic and energetic. His hair was a little grey, and his back was quite straight.
	Jonas had just come heres from the company and didn't have time to change his clothes. Seeing this, David proposed to let him change his clothes.
	"I believe that Mr. Wang has something to talk to me today. I have something else to do later, so I'm sorry that I don't have much time to play golf with you."
	Jonas had a tight schedule. In particular, he had been stressed out by his father recently. As a result, he had to work harder.
	With an embarrassed smile, David didn't deny what Jonas said. They found a place to rest and sat down. While playing with the golf club, David said, "Mr. Gu, you must know who Jerry is."
	Hearing this, Jonas frowned. Apparently, David was as determined as just now that Jonas knew that he had a halfblooded brother.
	"Mr. Wang, shouldn't you be more familiar with this man?" Jonas said with a sneer. Since Jerry would soon be his son-in-law, how could he not be familiar with him?
	However, his attitude confused Jonas.
	It finally dawned on David that Jonas knew all of the things. So David didn't try to hide anything from Jonas.
	"If I were familiar with Jerry, I wouldn't have come here today. What do you think of him?" The stubborn expression on David's face showed that he was worry about his daughter.
	Her daughter had grown up and was going to get married, but Jerry always made him feel unreliable, but he had always been good in front of him.
	But he felt uneasy and couldn't help asking several people.
	Just then, he noticed Jonas. David had heard a lot about him, and it seemed that he was a reliable person.
	It took Jonas some time to realize that David was actually asking about the character of Jerry.
	"He is a bad guy." He said with a smile, not caring about Jerry's feelings. Hearing his words, David was a little surprised, and then looked at him, waiting for him to continue.
	"He is an illegitimate child left behind by my father. He grew up with his mother from childhood. He is extreme in character. What's more, he want to be a member of Gu family."
	Since Jonas didn't hide Jerry's identity, he was a little annoyed after hearing that. If his beloved daughter married a bastard, it would be a shame to him in A City.
	However, his daughter liked him, he could do nothing about it. Fortunately, Jerry now could reasonably return to the Gu family.
	"He hate the Gu family?" 'Since he hated the Gu family, why did he come back? Was this a conflict?'
	"Yeah. Didn't he mention it?" Jonas asked. From his expression, Jonasknew he was right. It seemed that Jerry had hidden a lot of things.
	"In order to take revenge on my family and to make me suffer, Jerry plotted a frame up for my wife." When Jonas mentioned it, here was a strong hatred in his eyes.
	David was frightened by the murderous will emitted from him. But what he said attracted David more.
	What he said seemed to be completely different from what he knew.
	"Mr. Wang, I believe you must have known Emily before." Thinking of this person, Jonas could not help but notice his disgust when he mentioned him.
	By now, the one who was able to love Emily must because she was his true love.
	"Jerry has colluded with Emily to revenge. I have a lot of interesting things in hand." He had asked some experts to collect the evidence, but in the end, he didn't take it out.
	Now it came in handy. The more Jonas said, the angrier David was.
	"Jerry also said that he came back to take revenge." Leaving these words, Jonas said directly that he had something else to do.
	If he continued to say that, David, who looked like a monster, and he made strangers would be scared to run away.
	It had never occurred to him that so many things that he didn't know. Besides, Jonas didn't look like joking. There were some things that had been reported, but the details were not be exposed at all.
	It turned out that Jerry was scheming against Gu family all the time? How could such a wicked man marry his daughter.
	"Boss, are you okay?" The Secretary didn't come to find David until he saw that Jonas had left. But he immediately got worried when he found that David's face was ghastly pale.
	His rage didn't dissipate until a long while later.
	"Where is my daughter?" Asked David. His secretary's words almost made him spit out blood. Stacy is choosing rings with Jerry now. ".
	"What? Ask someone to tell her that I have something urgent to talk to her and go home now." David went back home sullenly. Not long after, Stacy was sent back by the driver.
	She was dissatisfied with her father. As soon as she came back, she pouted and complained. "Dad, why did you call me back for no reason? I'm trying the rings with Jerry."
	A look of happiness spread across her face. Everyone could see how much she looked forward to marry Jerry.
	"My dear daughter, please listen to me. Break up with him. You are my daughter. You don't have to be with Jerry, no matter what kind of husband you can find."
	The thought of Jerry's ways of revenge worried him. He was such an extreme person that nobody could predict what he would do when he was extremely emotional.
	What if his daughter was hurt and acted like that? Then Jerry must be a calculating man. He must have a purpose to get close to Stacy.
	Stacy's eyes widened at her father's words and she stopped her action of coquetry. Since her eyes were originally big enough and now she with a pair of cosmetic contact lenses, and they were a little frightening.
	There was confusion, misunderstanding, and anger in her eyes.
	"Dad, what the hell are you talking about?" Stacy yelled angrily. Her feelings for Jerry were getting stronger and stronger. Whoever came out to break them up was her enemy.
	"Stacy, you don't know what kind of person Jerry is at all. He is vicious..." As soon as David wanted to persuade Stacy, he heard a yell from her.
	"Stop! I don't want to hear these words. I know what kind of person Jerry is. I will see it by my eyes. dad, I want marry him!""
	The last sentence was very calm, but it was actually a threat. David just felt that his daughter had been possessed by Jerry.
	There was a gap between the father and his daughter. Neither of them spoke, but Stacy's attitude was as firm as ever.
	She was unwilling to break up with Jerry anyway, and she hated her father for listening to other's gossip.
	And in fact, Jonas was not in a hurry to deal with anything when he came back home. He told Melinda why David came to him.
	"You told him everything?" Thinking from where David was now, Melinda felt that David's feelings now were quite complicated.
	Or more precisely, he may think how hateful Jerry was.
	"I think it's necessary for him to know the truth." Jonas didn't think there was anything wrong with what he did. Instead, he thought it was the best way.
	Looking at the people who had been kept in the dark, theon thought probably winner was the same. All this was a hoax's scheme to revenge.
	"I think it was harming others without benefiting ourselves." 'I really know what kind of person is Jonas. Why would I say something like that? Whether he misunderstood me?' Melinda regretted to say that
Chapter 299 Breaking Up Affectionate Couples
	He, Jonas, had become a hypocrite who talked behind one's back.
	When Melinda thought of such a comment on Jonas, she felt very uncomfortable.
	"He doesn't know Jerry. That's why he came to me. Now that he came to me, he must trust me." That was why he dared to tell everything to David.
	Besides, even if there were misunderstandings, it wouldn't have much impact on him. The one who was affected most should be Jerry.
	"I don't think it's a good idea. What if..." She wanted to say that if Jerry and Miss Wang really loved each other, then it meant that Jonas was trying to separate them by saying that?
	"That's the best way,"
	Since he had to deal with Jerry now, but he couldn't do anything about him. What he could do was to see how David was going to deal with him and what if there was something bad happening between David and Jerry, and what if Alston did something to protect Jerry? Would Jerry treat his father more kindly in the future?
	Melinda didn't say anything, but she still felt that it was not good. Then she comforted herself that Jonas just told the truth to someone else. What if Jerry was really took advantage of Stacy?
	Jerry, the victim, did not know about all this. The atmosphere between the Wang family and the Wang family was tense, making people compromise.
	Stacy was spoiled ever since she was a child and she had seldom been controlled by her father in such a way which made her feel unacceptable.
	"Dad, no matter what you say, I will never leave Jerry. He is very good to me. Can't you see that?"
	Stacy looked at him reproachfully, which made him feel that it was cruel to beat up this couple. Jerry really treated Stacy very well in front of him. He seemed was gentle and considerate.
	But if it was all his intention to show, it would be too terrible.
	"Dear, listen to me this time, okay?" Looking at his daughter who was in a state of total loss, David was completely helpless, and even at a loss.
	How could he persuade her to give up? If he had known that he should have investigated Jerry carefully. It wouldn't have ended up like this.
	When Stacy brought him back, he habitually asked people to investigate, but he was stopped by Stacy. And the information he got was only that Jerry seemed to be an illegitimate child of someone.
	"I won't break up with him." With these words, Stacy went straight back to her bedroom and ignored her father.
	The whole living room was filled with the smell of cigarettes, and David smoked three bags of cigarettes, looking rather gloomy.
	After thinking for a long time, David still decided to contact Jerry and let him leave voluntarily.
	When receiving the call from David, Jerry was very suspicious. Although he had a long relationship with Stacy, he really didn't often contact David.
	There were two reasons for that. One was that Jerry was afraid that things would go wrong in his career, and the other was that David was really busy.
	"Uncle, what do you want from me?" Jerry asked gently over the phone. His tone was gentle and polite, making it difficult to find anything wrong.
	When David heard his voice, David felt disgusted.
	"Do you have time now?" After hearing the straightforward words, Jerry frowned and felt that there was something wrong, but he couldn't tell the exact reason.
	He was thinking about how to answer his question. Then, he pretended to be worried and asked, "is there something wrong with Stacy?"
	When David asked him, he thought of Stacy and immediately showed concern for her. Such an idea was really difficult to find a flaw.
	Hearing that, David felt sorry for Jerry. He thought that Jerry might really love his daughter.
	"Nothing. I have something to talk with you. Let me ask the driver to pick you up."
	Jerry didn't refuse, and offered his address, which was the shopping mall where Stacy went just now. He wandered around and bought many things that Stacy liked.
	The driver arrived very soon. They met at a cafe. The Secretary waited outside and led him to where David was.
	When Jerry saw David, he just smiled and put the stuffs in front of David. Then he said with a little embarrassment, "these are all Stacy's favorite food. Uncle, could you bring them to her later?"
	His feelings became complicated again. Although he loved his daughter, he did not know her well.
	He didn't take the them. Jerry was a little embarrassed to maintain his position. Finally, he put the foods aside as if nothing had happened.
	"What do you wanted to talk to me?" Asked Jerry tentatively. He came over without preparation, and now his brain began to turn sharply, and he was wondering how to answer all kinds of questions from David.
	After all, it was the most boring thing for the people in the wealthy families liked to do. Thinking of this, Jerry was being serious that.would easily make people feel comfortable.
	"Leave Stacy." After that, he threw those goods on the ground.
	A trace of panic flashed across Jerry's face, but he soon calmed down. He looked at David with confusion, while David was impatient.
	"Jerry, I advise you to leave Stacy. You don't match my daughter at all." As he spoke, he was cutting a knife into Jerry's heart.
	The thing he hated most in his life was to be mentioned the identity, especially when he heard David claim that he was not worthy of Stacy.
	"Uncle, I love Stacy so much that I can't do it." Jerry said painfully, with a proper expression on his face.
	But David had made up his mind now. No matter what Jerry said, he would not believe it, so he still turned a deaf ear to it.
	"Do you love Stacy? What can you give her, or what do you want from her?" David straightly spoke out the purpose that Jerry approached Stacy. Jerry panicked again, but he had to calm himself down.
	He seemed to realize that there was really something wrong with David's attitude towards him.
	"Leave Stacy while I am still sitting here to talk with you. You can't get anything from her." Said David.
	If his daughter had something that these people wanted to take advantage of her, it must be him. Jerry was an ambitious man and he must want to get Soaring Group.
	Perhaps, this was his purpose. David thought his analysis was right.
	"I have never thought of taking anything from Stacy. I really love her. Uncle, I can't live without her." Jerry said bitterly, tears streaming down his cheeks. It was said that men do not easily shed tears. It was really unbearable to look at this.
	"Besides, uncle, didn't you promise me to be with Stacy before? This means that you are willing to accept me. Why do you object now? " There was a flash of hatred in his eyes.
	He wondered who had set him up without his knowing it.
	"I didn't know enough about your conduct before." Said David. He regretted that he didn't ask peoples to investigate him in the past.
	"Although I don't know who you heard from, I swear that I really love Stacy. I want to protect her and be with her forever." Then Jerry stood up straightly, politely said goodbye to him and left.
	In his heart, actually, he was very scared. There must be someone who had said something bad of him in front of David. And not many people had the ability to do that. Among them, Mike was one of them.
	It must be him, Jonas!
	After leaving, Jerry called a taxi to Soaring Group. In the past, he would definitely be stopped when he entered Soaring Group, but now there were many people who greeted him.
	But he was not in the mood to make off with these people today. Jerry had intended to go straight to Jonas's office, only to find that he did not have the right to go there.
	He was so angry that he almost hit the green plants in the corridor.
	In the end, Jerry contacted with Alston. According to Alston's order, these people did not dare to say anything. However, Ted watched him with vigilance.
	William was still flexible. When he saw Jerry, he smiled and told him that Jonas had a small meeting and asked him to wait for some time.
	But William seemed said that Jerry was so idle that he even had time to meet Jonas.
	All these made Jerry upset. There were only three hours left before the off-duty time. The people in the CEO office began to pack their things and prepare to leave, and it Jonas went out slowly.
	"What are you doing here? To visit the CEO office?" When Jonas saw Jerry, he was unhappy and even mocked him.
	The word "visit" seemed to imply that Jerry would never be able to sit in this position for the rest of his life.
	"Jonas, are you talking sweet words about me and Stacy in front of David? Are you scared?"
	Asked Jerry, but Jonas laughed coldly.
	"Did you do the same thing to David?" His words made Jerry's face look even worse. He would never be like this in front of David. The reason why Jerry wondered he was scared was the person in front of him now was his biggest enemy, Jonas.
	"Jonas, don't change the subject. Is it you?" "What I said is truth, isn't it?"
	"So you are so afraid that use this method now? I tell you, you can't beat me. You'd better give up as soon as possible. "
	Jerry was quite sure about Stacy's love for him. As long as he insisted on staying here, there would definitely be no big problem. What he was worried about now was that Jonas intervened again.
	"Good momentum. I hope you can keep that." With a cold smile on his face, Jonas accepted the provocation.
	Furthermore, he hired a private detective to follow Emily. 
Chapter 300 Stacy Is Pregnant
	What Jerry hated most was that Jonas acted like this. He was not afraid, as if Jerry would be kicked out by the Wang family.
	'Maybe he doesn't know the chips in my hand.' Thinking of this, Jerry smiled complacently.
	"If you don't have anything else, please leave. This is the CEO office." Jonas slowly knocked at the table with his hands, and his slow tone irritated Jerry.
	It was as if saying that he, Jerry, didn't deserve to stand here at all.
	"Let's wait and see." As soon as Jerry finished speaking, he turned around and left.
	William had been keeping an eye on what was going on inside. When he saw Jerry leave and he had a faint anger on his face, it seemed that they had a quarrel. He didn't know how boss felt now.
	William's mood was complicated as he stared at the document in his hand.
	"William, why are you standing here?"
	Ted asked with curiosity, holding a document in his hands. William couldn't help but wear a forced smile at the corners of his mouth. Then something occurred to him. "Ted, are you going to send boss the document? I have something to deal with. Hand this over to boss, please."
	Before Ted could react, a pile of documents fell into his arms, followed by the disappearance of William.
	Ted was too innocent to realize he was used. It was not until he went into the office and was scolded by Jonas that he realized what was wrong.
	Silently, he made up his mind to revenge William.
	When Jonas went back home in the evening, he told this matter to Melinda. Hearing this, Melinda was very worried about him.
	In order to help Jonas, she investigated Wang family's background and found that David Wang was well connected in A City, which might have something to do with his ability.
	All in all, it might do Jonas no good if Jonas was against him.
	"I have a strong feeling that there must be some reasons behind Jerry's provocation. Maybe he has set a trap and is waiting for you to take the bait,"
	Melinda said worriedly. She had always been wary of Jerry because she had suffered too much because of him.
	"Linda, believe me, I can solve it." Seeing that Melinda was worried about him, Jonas felt happy, but in order to have more trust from her, he pulled a long face.
	"I've been working in the company for so many years. I have seen all sorts of schemes. If we can find a proper way to respond, perhaps we can play it through. Don't worry," Jonas comforted Melinda.
	"Anyway, be careful," Melinda reminded him. Her face was a little pale. She rarely had a good rest since she was pregnant.
	Melinda even had a feeling that the child came at a bad time.
	Because of this child, she could not help Jonas to do anything. But on the other hand, she thought maybe this baby was an opportunity to add a chip in the fight for Jonas.
	Melinda rubbed her lower abdomen with mixed feelings, and finally let out a slight sigh.
	"I won't let anything happen to myself for the sake of you and our baby," said Jonas softly, holding Melinda in his arms.
	Leaning against Jonas obediently, Melinda felt relieved.
	With his hands holding hers, Jonas touched her abdomen gently. From his gentle movements, Melinda could feel that he treated the baby very well.
	He really wanted a child belonging to them, but it always depended on fate.
	"He seems a little bigger than before." It was a routine for Jonas to greet his unborn baby in this way, so he could feel the change in her belly straightforward.
	However, Melinda didn't feel much. After being asked by Jonas, she realized that the baby was obvious.
	"The baby is growing," A happy smile spread across Melinda's face. Jonas kissed her hair gently, which was too simple to be true.
	"I will accompany you to do the examination when I have time later."
	Looking at Melinda, Jonas said. She nodded and did not refuse because she clearly knew that he liked the child and treated her as his treasure.
	So he didn't want her to be alone on her way of pregnant.
	But both of them didn't expect that they would meet Jerry by accident this time, as well as Stacy, the woman that Melinda had heard of but never met.
	Stacy's appearance was similar to David's. She had an outstanding appearance, but she was a soft and gentle person. She leaned against Jerry and enjoyed their sweet moments.
	At the same time, Jerry also saw them. He was surprised at first, and then looked at the belly of Melinda.
	Since Melinda got pregnant, she had been wearing loose clothes. Today she was wearing a simple long dress with knitted stripes, which made her look much gentler and warmer somehow.
	Jonas didn't wear his formal suit as usual. He was wearing the sport suit that Melinda selected for him. When they stood together, they looked a perfect match.
	"What's wrong?" Stacy talked to Jerry, but she didn't receive any reply. With a rage in her heart, she found that he was staring at another woman. She was about to explode.
	"I've met an acquaintance. Let's go and say hello, dear."
	While saying, Jerry took Stacy's hand, put it on his lips and gave her a light kiss. Then he took her and slowly walked up to Jonas and Melinda.
	"Brother, you bring my sister-in-law here to have an examination?" Jerry said with a graceful smile. He had always acted like this in front of Stacy.
	Also because of this, Stacy had many complaints against the Gu family. At this moment, he was in a bad mood when she saw Melinda and Jonas.
	Subconsciously, Jonas stood in front of Melinda to protect her. His deep eyes were sharp. Even if he disdained to communicate with someone like Jerry, he would not let Stacy have the chance to say anything to David.
	"I take Linda to the hospital for the prenatal checkups, and you two for the marriage check-up?" Jonas said with fake suspicion. Hearing what he said, Jerry's face froze, and Stacy's face darkened directly.
	Though Melinda didn't say anything, she kept looking at Stacy. She had been curious about her for a long time.
	All women knew women well. From her behavior, Melinda had a vague guess.
	"No, I'm here to accompany Stacy," Jerry said ambiguously. There were many reasons for the gynecological examination, but most of them were pregnancy.
	Hearing this, Jonas frowned and talked with Jerry for a while. They came at the same time, but their doctors were different, so they separated.
	"It seems that Stacy is pregnant," said Melinda hesitantly, sitting down behind Jonas.
	She had thought that the child she was carrying was at least a chip. Now she realized that she had been completely wrong. If Stacy was also pregnant, then the child...
	She was the only daughter of David, and Alston was not stupid. At that time, the situation must be unfavorable to Jonas.
	It was the first time that she felt her origin was weak.
	"Well, don't think about their business. Maybe we can see the baby later."
	The last thing Jonas wanted to see was that Melinda was worried about these matters. But that was how she was. It was hard to avoid. So he had to change the topic.
	Sure enough, as soon as the words came out of his mouth, Melinda's attention was attracted. Although she couldn't see clearly what the child was like now, it was only a small one, the magic of life that filled her eyes with expectation.
	When they went to get the result, they happened to meet Jerry and Stacy again. They were talking about the baby, so Melinda was sure that Stacy was pregnant.
	When the four met again, the awkward atmosphere remained the same. Now without even thinking of perfunctoriness, Jonas nodded directly and left with Melinda.
	The man's back was tall and straight, making it difficult for people to get along with him. However, at that time, he occasionally clung to Melinda and spoke softly to her, which made people feel that he must love the person beside him very much.
	Seeing this, Stacy could not help but feel a little envious.
	"Stacy, let's go home. You must be tired today." Jerry's voice was heard at the right time. Stacy turned her head to look at him. The similar face was different.
	Most of Jerry's expression was gentle, but there was a trace of falsehood in his gentleness. As for Jonas, he was indifferent, but the soft light emitted from him was touching.
	Jonas had time for a whole day to take care of Melinda. Since she was pregnant, he had rarely allowed her to eat out.
	Since he had time today, he took Melinda to the supermarket to prepare a meal in person.
	"Are you sure you know how to cook?" Melinda's impression was reminded at the time that Jonas could only cook a few dishes. Seeing him buy a lot of materials, she could not help but ask.
	"You can just wait for eating them." Jonas touched her nose and said in a spoiled tone.
	And it turned out that Jonas could cook for her well and Melinda enjoyed the meal very much.
	"Now that Stacy is pregnant, David won't stop them from getting married, right?" After the meal, Jonas washed a plate of fruit for Melinda, who said while eating.
	She said this sentence after a long time.
	Stacy was pregnant before marriage. Since David loved her so much, he would compromise for the baby no matter what Jerry did.
	"It's still uncertain."
	Jonas put on an unfathomable smile on his face. Melinda looked at him suspiciously. She felt that under this handsome face, there was an unknown conspiracy.
	Melinda became more suspicious. Wasn't the baby of Stacy the trump card of Jerry?
	"Jerry was hoist with his own petard," Jonas said as he smiled inscrutably. Melinda was still confused.
	Then Jonas said, "She got pregnant before marriage. Isn't that better to prove Jerry's character? Do you think that David will accept him?"
Chapter 301 The Two Of Them
	It could be said that Jerry only regarded Stacy as his chess piece in this chess step. But he did not know what kind of person David was.
	He doted on his daughter, and Stacy also loved herself very much. She believed that Jerry was also a virgin at that time so that she agreed to marry him.
	The two of them had sex and Stacy was pregnant now. Didn't Jerry want to force Stacy to get married with him by the baby? David was smart enough to figure it out, considering what Jonas said before.
	It would be more difficult to get his consent then.
	As far as Jerry was concerned, he was innocent and thought that a baby was a talisman. He believed that David would come to a compromise.
	"Of course not," Melinda said firmly. She was eager to see that happen.
	In this way, Jerry would have no right to act arrogantly.
	"How should we let him know about this?" Melinda frowned and said. In the past, she would hesitate, but now she only wanted to solve Jerry as soon as possible.
	What was more, Stacy looked like a good girl, but being used by Jerry like this made her extremely angry.
	"He will ask me out,"
	Jonas said in a firm tone. Last time he had said so much about Jerry in front of David, so he went to Jerry. It seemed that he would investigate it. He estimated that he would come to find him at about the time.
	As expected, David called Jonas in person the next day to ask if he had time to meet him.
	The place they met was similar to the last time. However, it seemed that there was much more sadness on David's face compared with the last time.
	Stacy fell in love with Jerry. At the same time, Jerry behaved gently in front of him, which made him feel that it was impossible for him to do anything to make Stacy apart from Jerry. At this moment, he was so worried that he didn't know what to do.
	"Mr. Gu,"
	David greeted Jonas. Seeing that he was in high spirits, he couldn't help sighing deeply. If only his daughter liked such a person.
	Jerry looked like a bad man.
	"Sorry, I was delayed by some urgent affairs," Jonas said modestly. Probably because Jerry began to pay attention to his whereabouts and tripped him up, trying to leave a bad impression on David in David's heart.
	Unfortunately, David had no time to care about these details.
	"It was me that made a sudden appointment," David said. He had pondered for a few days at home, but couldn't think of any good way. So he wanted to ask Jonas for help.
	"Mr. Wang, we may be a family in the future. By the way, congratulations that you are going to be a grandfather,"
	Jonas said with a modest and polite smile, and the blessings in his words were more delicate, which made David shocked with his eyes wide open. Seeing this, Jonas knew that David didn't know that Stacy was pregnant.
	"Mr. Gu, are you kidding?"
	The smile on David's face faltered, and his brows wrinkled more tightly. It seemed that he had gotten several wrinkles.
	"Isn't Miss Wang pregnant?"
	Jonas also played a confusing look. David's face was getting worse. Thinking of his daughter's unusual reaction in the past few days, it seemed to respond to what Jonas said.
	"Mr. Gu, it suddenly occurred to me that something was left undone. We can make an appointment next time," David said as he controlled his anger. He then turned around and left quickly.
	His expression was now complicated. From the scene, Jonas knew what he guessed was right.
	After leaving Jonas' sight, David began to get furious. He had thought it was not good to separate them, but now he made up his mind.
	Getting pregnant before marriage was a shameful thing for him. Besides, David expressed that he hoped that they could break up, but Jerry managed to make his daughter pregnant. He had to be on guard against his cunning.
	The secretary didn't dare to ask any more questions as David's face darkened. David ordered with a solemn face, "Find out where Jerry is now, kidnap him and beat him up."
	The secretary almost doubted if he had heard it wrong. Wasn't Jerry the boyfriend of the young miss?
	But since he had to follow the CEO's order, he nodded and arranged the meeting immediately.
	Not long after David left, Jonas also left. He didn't know how it would end, but at least he won now.
	When Jerry was most pleased with himself, he was kicked by him. This feeling made him feel comfortable all over.
	Jerry has been playing a good man recently, and has spent most of his time with Stacy. Today, Stacy went out with her friends, leaving him alone.
	With Jonas in the Soaring Group, he was unable to get involved in this matter. Even with the help of Alston, it didn't work much.
	So the most important thing for the time being was to marry Stacy. With his father-in-law as his backer, the company's people would naturally consider the situation.
	Jerry basically stayed in a rental house when he wasn't in the Gu's mansion. It was said to be a rental house, but it was different from before. It was a luxurious apartment for single people.
	The decoration inside was warm and sweet with the smell of love. It was the place where Jerry and Stacy were alone.
	When David got to know the place, he was more furious and asked a group of people to teach him a lesson.
	When the doorbell rang, Jerry was a little surprised. Then he opened the door and said pretentiously, "Why do you forget to bring the key again? Didn't I say that..."
	Jerry's words were abruptly stopped, and he wanted to close the door, but he was pushed away by a few people. The people who walked in directly punched him.
	Jerry was not weak. But with so many people present and experienced, he was not good enough in front of them.
	These men were all silent and beat people directly. It was a typical case that they were ruthless.
	Jerry's body was basically hurt. Someone took two photos of him and waved at his friends. The group left as quickly as they came.
	The carpet was stained with some blood at this time. Jerry was lying on the floor in a mess. He was so painful that every move he made could tear him apart.
	The wounds on his body had to be treated at once, but the sad thing was that Jerry did not know who to call to send him to the hospital. He seemed to have returned to the time when his mother died, as lonely as he had been without anyone else.
	Being beaten up for no reason, he recognized that the person who took the photo was someone around David. He was sure that it must be Jonas who made David do this.
	"Jonas, since you are so heartless, don't blame me for being cruel."
	Then Jerry supported his body and found a medicine box to simply treat his wound. These people were doing it in a proper way, and the place where they hit was painful without any blood.
	His bones seemed to be broken and his face twisted. The hatred in Jerry's heart was becoming more and more intense.
	Jonas always reminded him of those worst days when he was homeless and desperate.
	At that time, he fought for food with others and was beaten up. The pain all over his body was exactly the same as now.
	But Jonas knew nothing about his misfortune.
	As a matter of fact, after getting rid of the big trouble Jerry, Melinda should have been completely relieved. But somehow, she felt that everything was not that simple.
	When she accidentally saw a piece of news about Emily in the past, she remembered that Emily, who should have been in prison, had been bailed out.
	There had been no news for such a long time. It was not the style of Emily.
	Jerry had to wait for the timing to be ripe before taking the revenge. In such a dangerous situation, Emily did not forget to pay attention to Melinda even when she was in a dangerous situation.
	When she heard that Melinda was pregnant again, she couldn't wait any longer. She completely forgot what the man who bailed her out had said.
	She only wanted to have Melinda miscarried like before. It would be the best if something bad happened to both of Melinda and her baby.
	Emily was looking forward to it when she heard that infertility was caused by women's miscarriages.
	But now she was in an awkward situation. She didn't have her own decision-making power. She had to be approved by her support. Emily didn't want to be passive.
	She happened to hear someone gossiping about that Jerry offended someone during the party, and he was hit when he stayed at home.
	Emily thought this was a chance, so she contacted Jerry that night. This time, Jerry did not refuse as directly as before, but said with some sarcasm, "I didn't expect us to be together in the end."
	After listening to this, Emily knew that they would have a good cooperation. It seemed that something bad had happened to Jerry recently irritated him.
	"Our goal has always been the same, haven't we?"
	Emily said in a good mood, but there was no trace of smile on her face. The happier Melinda was, the more her misfortune was.
	"Cut the crap. You are aiming at letting that woman have a miscarriage,"
	Jerry said. He despised Emily. A woman who knew nothing about love could do nothing great.
	If it was possible, he would want to get rid of Jonas the most, but he wouldn't be so stupid to let Emily deal with Jonas.
	But from another perspective.
	The person that Jonas cared about most was Melinda. If something happened to her, Jonas would be even worse than something happened to himself. He wanted to make Jonas's life a living hell!
	"That's right. Not only that, I want Melinda to have no child for her whole life,"
	said Emily, gritting her teeth. Jonas's child could only be born by her. What was Melinda? She did not believe that the Gu family would choose a daughter-in-law who could not have children.
	She couldn't guarantee Nelson's attitude, but she was sure that Queena wouldn't agree.
	"Women are vicious. It's true."
	Hearing this, Jerry felt that it was too cruel, which showed how vicious Emily was. However, it was exactly what he liked, completely destroying Melinda.
	Thinking of Jonas, who would be in extreme pain, he felt his body was lightened up.
	If it weren't for his inconvenience, he would have done it, but now it didn't matter. He would definitely make good use of Emily who had taken the initiative to find him.
Chapter 302 Make A Promise
	Jerry and Emily doubted and used each other and maintained a very strange relationship.
	It made Emily more excited to cooperate with Jerry, and she felt that she had been emboldened.
	The difference was that before, it was Jerry who begged her to help him, and now, she had to rely on Jerry to do something.
	The two had confirmed the cooperation, but did not make any further plans. They were both waiting quietly, but Emily's patience was obviously limited.
	She could not wait to do something that would shock and terrify Melinda.
	Melinda lost two children in a row, which made her attach huge importance on the child she was carrying now. She had thought that she should have a career before, but now she had gradually learned to let it go.
	Instead, she liked staying at home more and more. She went for a walk every evening and then went to the market nearby.
	The relationship between Jonas and Alston was still stiff, but the marriage of Jerry and Stacy had not been mentioned recently.
	Melinda had asked Jonas, who told her that he didn't know what was going on, but he thought that David would find a way to stop him.
	"I just can't get used to the peaceful life these days," Melinda murmured in Jonas's arms, her hand caressing her belly.
	Thinking of all the things she had experienced along the way, Melinda felt like she was in a dream. She could not help but rub herself in the arms of Jonas, feeling the real existence of him.
	"Everything will be fine."
	He would shield her from any wind and rain, protect her from these hurts and darkness.
	His Linda should be happy.
	The two of them chatted casually. There weren't many topics, but neither of them would stop talking. A sense of warmth filled in their hearts. Although Jonas was very busy, he still spared some time to keep Melinda's company.
	He took a look at his watch and found that it was time for the dinner. He was going to take Melinda with him, but considering her health, he finally decided to let her wait for him at home.
	At the same time, Melinda was also keeping herself away from the electronic products. She found that there were a lot of novels and poems in her study, which were bought by Jonas for her to read when she felt bored.
	On the contrary, his financial and economics books were put in the corner.
	Melinda randomly picked up a book she liked, and as soon as she opened the first page, her phone rang.
	It was a strange number in A City. Melinda was suspicious, but she still picked it up.
	"Hello?" Melinda greeted politely and asked in a low voice. She didn't know who it was.
	"Melinda, how could you forget me so soon?"
	Emily's arrogant voice came through the phone. Hearing this, Melinda frowned and felt disgusted.
	At the same time, Melinda began to think she was a doomsayer. She said the life was too peaceful just now, but now the trouble came.
	"What's up?"
	Emily and Jerry could be said to be the very reason why Melinda became indifferent.
	However, Melinda's attitude made Emily very happy. Thinking that Melinda was afraid of her, Emily was pleased and kept smiling.
	Her face used to be delicate, and now she was wearing some cosmetics. She didn't know if it was because she was too haggard in the prison, or what, this face was much more stiff than before.
	No one could connect Emily with that pure and innocent actress before.
	She was so vicious and cruel.
	"Let's meet and have a talk," Emily said in a playful tone, as if she was sure that Melinda would not refuse her proposal.
	But this time, she was doomed to be disappointed. Hearing this, Melinda sneered and looked like Jonas.
	There was only conspiracy involved in Emily's several meetings. Therefore, Melinda was not stupid enough to agree.
	"I'm pregnant again. It's not good for me to walk too much." Melinda emphasized the word "again" deliberately to irritate Emily.
	"Do you still expect me to believe you after you hurt my baby?"
	"The baby? Melinda, you'd better not pay too much attention to this baby. Who knows if it will be the same as the other two?"
	Emily's mouth was like a venomous snake. Hearing this, Melinda was trembling all over with anger. Finally, she hung up the phone without saying more to Emily.
	It took a long time for Melinda to calm down. She touched her belly and kept mumbling. She didn't know if she was comforted by the baby or herself.
	"Baby, you must be strong. Mommy will protect you." While saying that, Melinda was restless in her heart. She wondered whether there was something conspiracy going on since Emily appeared.
	Emily was not happy about Melinda's refusal, but she had expected that she would not meet her. Melinda would be really stupid, if she really agreed to meet her.
	'But Melinda, do you think you can escape everything by doing this?'
	Emily's smile did not reach the bottom of her eyes. Finally, she took out the phone and dialed a long time ago number, which was the private detective's she had saved in her phone before.
	A City was an open city with a large population. There were too many dark sides in it. As a result, the detective industry was very popular and many people decided to invest in it. Emily believed in this detective very much.
	So she remembered his number clearly.
	As expected, the person on the other end of the phone didn't disappoint Emily. Soon, he got the news that Emily needed.
	"Buying food in the market every day? Hum, a sparrow is a sparrow,"
	Emily sneered. Melinda was married into Gu family, but she still did such things that the servants would do.
	However, Emily decided to make good use of this information.
	That night, she began to guard the path that Melinda must pass by, waiting for her to appear.
	It was a cool night in A City. Wearing a T-shirt and hot pants, Emily's perfect figure was shown. Sitting outside the open-air milk tea shop, she was staring at the people around her.
	To avoid being recognized, Emily wore a huge cap which just covered her small face.
	Emily's appearance was in line with the pure and beautiful girl, but it was a pity that her temperament was in line with that "femme fatale".
	All of a sudden, she looked sharply at a person not far away, who was under a street lamp and walked towards her slowly with a small bag with mobile phone and pocket money in her hand.
	The woman was wearing brown leisure wear. Her casual clothes made her feel warm and comfortable.
	Seeing the woman approach, Emily stood up from her seat.
	Melinda didn't notice her until a pair of hands stopped her. She looked up and found it was Emily.
	A sense of panic flashed through her mind, but soon she tried to calm herself down.
	"It's not easy to see you." Looking at the face of Melinda, Emily had an impulse to destroy her.
	In the past, when Melinda went to work, it was easy for her to block her. Now she was at home, waiting for her to go out was really not easy for her.
	"Do we know each other?"
	The smile on Melinda's face was flawless, and even the doubts on her brows and eyes were so real. Emily was suddenly irritated by her attitude.
	"You took my man. Don't you remember?" Emily spoke loudly on purpose, and all the people passing by looked at Melinda with inquiry.
	Hearing this, Melinda pursed her lips and smiled brilliantly. She came close to Emily and whispered, "I don't mind letting people know who we are and let the public judge who is the third person."
	Many people in A City knew that what happened between the three of them and there had been much discussion. Emily was a little flustered. She didn't expect that Melinda was more difficult to deal with than before.
	Although her reputation has been ruined, there can't be any scandal.
	Seeing that Emily did not dare to speak, Melinda suddenly felt a burst of happiness in her heart.
	"You are buster. You have caused your own children's death in succession. Melinda, do you hate Jonas and want to let him have no children?" Emily said in a joking tone. Every word she said was just like stabbing a knife into her heart.
	Melinda's face was a little pale, but she still tried to calm herself down and not argue with Emily.
	She couldn't bear those vicious words any more.
	"Emily, watch your mouth. As long as I can make you go to the police station, I can also make your mouth clean."
	The once docile woman became ruthless, which was quite terrifying. At that moment, Emily was frightened.
	The days in the police station brought her mental shadow. Maybe Melinda was not that cruel, but Jonas didn't care about that at all.
	"You're still in the observing phase. If you could be put in jail as soon as possible, then I would be curious about who would protect you.
	If I were you, I would learn to be smart and cherish the chance to stay away from trouble. Otherwise, how long will it take to go in there next time? I can't figure it out."
	Melinda was also good at mocking, but she had a bland smile on her face, which was a horrible contrast to Emily's.
	Being blocked by the words of Melinda, Emily did not know what to say. Finally, she turned around with a groan and left. Before she left, she still made a promise.
	"Melinda, I will not give up."
	Her existence was the greatest threat to Melinda. When Emily got to know this fact, she had been proud for a long time.
	Melinda's good mood of this day was completely destroyed by Emily, but what she had done every day was still not left behind.
	However, those who were familiar with Melinda could feel that she was in a very bad mood today. These simple and kind people sent her many food, sending her warmth in the simplest way.
	Melinda's mood was better because of their kindness. Even though she was not in the mood to buy the groceries, she got more things than usual. She took them to her and Jonas's apartment. She saw a familiar figure at the door. 
Chapter 303 Show The Power
	"You're pregnant, but why do you still take these heavy stuff? Why don't Jonas ask the servant to buy food for you?" When Melinda saw Queena, Queena also noticed her. She frowned at the thing in her hand.
	She wouldn't blame Melinda now, so her son was the one to blame.
	She went over to help Melinda carry the things. Melinda didn't refuse her and asked her to share the things. She took out the key from her small bag and opened the door.
	"Mommy, why didn't you tell me in advance? Have you waited for a long time at the door?"
	There was a middle-aged servant living in their apartment, but since they both liked the feeling of spending time with each other, the servant became an hourly servant.
	The door opened, and Melinda found a pair of shoes for Queena, and skillfully classified the things she had bought. Queena knew that she had done these things quite often from her skillful movement.
	"I didn't expect you to be not at home," said Queena. She handed the things in her hand to Melinda, who tidied them up, washed her hands and poured a glass of water for Queena. Then she sat quietly beside her.
	"Jonas is quite busy in the company recently," Melinda explained. Queena nodded and did not blame Melinda for letting her to wait.
	After all, it was she who came to visit unexpectedly. She had thought that the young couple may go out for a date, so she did not call to urge them. However, it was out of her expectation that Jonas was busy in the company while Melinda was busy shopping.
	Their way of life was so simple that she didn't know what to say.
	"I'm here to persuade Jonas to go home. You can't just live here all the time," Queena said in a worried voice. Recently, she had quarrels with Alston for many times because of this matter, and her hair was almost white.
	"Mommy, I have persuaded him, but Jonas... You know him well. No matter what I say to him, he won't listen to me," Melinda said. Sometimes only women understood women.
	Queena and she didn't think it was appropriate for Jonas to do that, but they was unable to persuade him.
	"Well, that kid..."
	Queena said in a hopeless voice. Then she didn't mention it again. She cared about Melinda's health, but after thought for a while, Melinda still mentioned what happened today to her.
	"How dare she come to you, that executioner!" Queena got angry when she heard this, thinking of his grandson who could not come to this world.
	"I don't know what she is going to do," Melinda said. Though she was arrogant at that time, she was also a little afraid.
	"Don't worry about it. I'll talk to her later. As for Jonas, please try to persuade him," Queena comforted Melinda. She was afraid that Melinda would be emotionally influenced, so she accompanied her at home until Jonas came back home.
	Queena was a woman of action. She said she was going to meet Emily and she contacted her the next day.
	The next morning, Emily arrived at the coffee shop half an hour earlier than the appointed time. She didn't know why Queena suddenly wanted to see her.
	She just thought it was a good opportunity.
	The coffee shop was rather quiet. As usual, Emily found a secluded corner and sat down.
	The appointment time of them was 9:30. In order to give Queena a good impression, Emily arrived early. However, when it was about 9:30, Queena still didn't appear at the door.
	Emily began to be anxious, but she was still waiting at her position. Queena did not arrive here, so she didn't dare to order anything. The eyes of the waiter not far away changed.
	Ten, half past ten... Emily had been waiting for her. She wanted to leave for several times, but she finally held it back. However, she was on the verge of explosion.
	Just after one o'clock in the afternoon, the coffee shop was crowded with more and more people, and the seat was not enough. The waiter could not help asking Emily what she needed.
	"Latte please. Thank you." Emily held back the impulse to abuse and ordered in a low voice.
	It was not until three o'clock in the afternoon that Queena arrived late. She was wearing a purple cheongsam, looking elegant.
	She looked around the coffee shop and instantly saw Emily in the corner.
	"Hello, Auntie Yao." Queena thought that Emily was more unfathomable. She had made her wait here for almost a day, and now she was still smiling. It was really not easy.
	"I have nothing else to tell you." Queena didn't even prepare to sit down. She just looked at Emily and looked at the coffee on the table in mockery.
	The look in her eyes made Emily's face darken again.
	"I heard that you went to see Mellie yesterday," Queena asked while she was not doubtful at all. Her eyes were as sharp as blades, which showed that she wanted to know more about Emily.
	It seemed that she was cutting her flesh, which made her feel uncomfortable all over.
	"I happened to meet her."
	In the end, Emily chose to lie. When she thought that Queena came here for Melinda, she felt uncomfortable again.
	It was a torture for her to see Queena today.
	And the fact was also like this. Queena came so late on purpose, in order to shame Emily.
	"You killed Mellie's baby last time. Now, Mellie is carrying a baby of Jonas. I don't want it to happen again,"
	Queena said slowly, word by word, just to warn Emily not to trouble Melinda.
	She treated her in such a distinct manner, which made Emily full of unwillingness in her heart. She had been waiting for a long time today just for a chance. But unexpectedly, she received a reprimand.
	'Don't do anything to Melinda? That is impossible!'
	"Last time was just an accident," Emily said, trying to subdue the anger in her heart, but she had made up her mind that no matter what it would take this time, she would let Melinda's child die.
	"I don't want this happen again no matter it was an accident or not. Take care of yourself."
	Queena was not a person who used to believe these words of Emily. Her cold and hard attitude made Emily's anger reach a crisis point.
	"Auntie Yao, don't you believe me?" Emily did not give up and asked Queena. Queena replied her with a sneer. Queena said nothing, but her attitude was obvious.
	Emily had done so many wicked things, if she still believed that she was the innocent woman in the beginning, then she must be blind.
	The atmosphere between them was somewhat strange, as they were in a coffee shop. Although many people were not involved in their own business, many people would come to see what was happening.
	Emily lowered the brim of her hat, and took out the mask from her pocket. She didn't put on a courteous smile towards Queena.
	"Sorry, Aunt Yao, I've been waiting for you for a long time today. I've delayed a lot of things, so I'm leaving now,"
	Emily said with resentment, but Queena didn't care at all. Emily had wanted to make her feel guilty, but in the end she was disappointed.
	Enduring her endless resentment, Emily left the coffee shop in anger. Queena watched her leaving and thought, 'Emily should know what to do now, and she won't bother Melinda anymore.'
	She bought a cake for Melinda and left without any hesitation.
	Due to the sudden appearance of Emily, Melinda had been staying at home quietly these days, and going to the market to buy some food alone had also become going to the supermarket with Jonas when he had time.
	Somehow, she felt that she was at the mercy of others. She was thinking of a way to get rid of the present predicament, but because of the fear of losing her child, she felt that it was not a good idea.
	When Queena came back with the cake, Melinda was quite surprised. Now, she really treated her like a daughter.
	"Mommy, have you had dinner yet?"
	Melinda took out Queena's slippers from the shoe cabinet, then put the cake in the refrigerator, and the food materials for her dinner were on the table in the kitchen.
	Queena was very satisfied. She said, "I'll prepare dinner for you tonight. I haven't shown you my cooking ability for a long time. You'll like them."
	Hearing that, Melinda was surprised at first, and then smiled with understanding. Queena's words were very simple, because she wanted her not to help, lest she was tired.
	The chief of the dinner was Queena and Melinda was the one who helped her cook. When Jonas returned home, he smelled the scent.
	He went to the kitchen and saw his wife working like a hard-working bee behind his mother. They got along very well.
	"You are back."
	Melinda turned around to look at Jonas with a bright smile. Regardless of his mother's presence, Jonas kissed her rosy lips.
	"Thank you for your preparing."
	Jonas pinched Melinda's cheek. She did not have much flesh on her face, but Jonas felt good. Queena smiled when she saw that.
	It seemed that only in front of Mellie would her son behave like this.
	"The last dish is ready. Let's have dinner." When the last dish was out of the pot, Queena greeted them, and Jonas helped her serve the dishes. The three of them didn't have so many rules during their dinner.
	After having the meal, Queena thought of something and said to Melinda, "Mellie, I've already found Emily today and made a deal with her. You don't have to be afraid of her in the future. Remember, you are the daughter-in-law of Gu family."
	Hearing this, Melinda was a little relieved. At the same time, she was a little moved by what Queena had done for her.
	Hearing this, Jonas put down his chopsticks, squinted and looked at his mother and wife with a touch of inquiry.
	Emily came to make trouble again? Why did he know nothing about it?
	Looking at the resentful expression in Jonas's eyes, Melinda couldn't help but curse inwardly, 'Shit'.
Chapter 304 Surviving
	In the end, Melinda told all the things honestly to Jonas, whose face suddenly darkened.
	He had thought that Emily would behave well after the lesson last time. He didn't expect her to make any trouble. Fortunately, Melinda was fine this time, or he would make her regret coming to this world.
	"In fact, it's not a big deal. Now that mommy has warned her, I believe that Emily dares not to harass me again."
	Looking at the cruel look of Jonas, Melinda felt a little worried. She didn't like Jonas to act like this at all, even for the sake of her.
	Queena echoed with Melinda's words, trying to make her son calm down a little.
	Jonas didn't answer them, and the dinner was also weirdly quiet. Before Queena left, she was still worried about Jonas and looked at Melinda worriedly.
	Melinda winked at Queena as if saying "don't worry".
	"Jonas." Melinda came forward and held Jonas's arm, shaking it back and forth. Jonas couldn't stand it when she acted like a spoiled child.
	But it didn't seem to have much effect today. He was still wearing a cold face, and the air around him was giving off a sign of unhappiness.
	Jonas was not only angry with Emily's threat to Melinda, but also angry that Melinda hid such a thing from him.
	"Mommy said she would handle it. I don't want you to worry about me. Look, now mommy has handled it and I am fine. Isn't that great?"
	Melinda was logical and reasonable. Even though it seemed that it had no problem, it still pissed off Jonas.
	When Jonas got angry, Melinda was scared. But she had no choice. She had to put out the fire.
	But it seemed that Jonas was heartless today. He turned a deaf ear to Melinda's coquetry and even went out after answering a phone call.
	Sitting alone at home, Melinda felt a little bit grieved. Then she began to think about it in a different way, thinking that it was reasonable for Jonas to be angry.
	At the same time, a group of people appeared on the beach where Melinda was captured by white Emily. The one in the middle was in a white dress, and his hair was as messy as weeds.
	Emily looked at the men who suddenly rushed to her house in horror. She had no time to react before she was caught here.
	"What do you want? Let me go!" Emily struggled desperately, but she was unable to escape from this restraints.
	The panic in her eyes pleased the crowd, but their eyes were cold, even though they were smiling. They were not like the thugs Emily found.
	These men were selected by Jonas from his friend's men, each of whom was well trained and each of them was a top fighter.
	"Throw her in?" one of them said while looking at the other. Hearing this, Emily was shocked with her eyes wide open. They wanted to throw her into the sea!
	"Yes. They said we should throw her into the sea in case she troubled people again," the man said coldly as if it was not a person's life but an item for him to throw into the sea.
	Emily was really in a panic. She thought about the people she had offended recently, only Queena and Melinda. Did these people be arranged by them?
	"Let go of me! Do you know who is my man? He is Jonas. If he knows that, he will not spare you,"
	Emily screamed at the top of her lungs. The kidnappers were confused for a moment, and then they seemed to have heard a big joke.
	Maybe this woman didn't know the person who gave them the order was Jonas.
	"What a noise. Hurry up and throw her down," someone said impatiently. He took something and covered Emily's mouth.
	Emily kept whining and resisting. Finally, accompanied by the sound of the waves, she was thrown into the sea.
	It was the first time that she was so close to death.
	She was unwilling to end her life like this. She had a lot of things to do, and she hadn't destroyed Melinda!
	"I really don't understand why Mr. Gu arranged us to do this."
	Holding a rope in one of his hands, a man said in a slightly reproachful tone. Hearing this, Emily under the water became completely desperate. It turned out that it was him who had done this.
	She was bound and unable to swim. She could only feel the death of drowning spreading all over her.
	"It's about time. Pull her up." Someone took a look at the time and said to someone behind him, and two men rushed out and found the position where Emily was by the rope. Then they fished Emily out.
	Emily was drenched all over, her eyes closed. Just when she felt that she was dead, she smelled the fresh air.
	It was still those men in black suits standing in front of her. But at this moment, she was in unprecedented panic.
	"She opens her eyes. Okay, she is all right. Let's go."
	After confirming that Emily was fine, a man told his friends and they destroyed the evidence of their crime. Then they left the seaside.
	When the slightly cold sea breeze blew, Emily, who was wet all over, suddenly shivered. At this moment, she felt like a survivor from a disaster.
	This night was a disaster for Emily. As soon as she arrived at a shop, she called Jerry. When he finally picked her up, she was so shocked that she fainted.
	When she woke up the next afternoon, the room was empty. Emily didn't know where she was.
	As soon as the door was opened, Jerry walked in. He frowned and looked at her. Then he asked, "What's wrong with you? Why did you look so awkward?"
	"It's Jonas! He had me tied and thrown into the sea." When Emily mentioned Jonas, her teeth began to tremble, which was enough to show her fear.
	"Throw you into the sea? Then how did you get out?" Jerry only felt that Emily was telling a joke, but her expression did not seem to be joking. It seemed that the truth was such.
	"I don't know why those men saved me," Said Emily, still unconscious.
	Hearing this, Jerry felt that this matter was not simple, and at the same time, he didn't understand why Jonas would do so.
	He had planned to investigate the incident, but he didn't expect that he was investigated by someone else. Being very angry after knowing it, Melinda rushed to the study to find Jonas.
	Jonas dealt with things as if nothing had happened. When he saw Melinda coming in, he even showed a smile. He was not like this when he went out last night.
	Now, Melinda finally understood why Jonas went out last night. His work was just an excuse.
	"Did you send someone to catch Emily last night?"
	With a deep and furious expression on her face, Melinda asked directly without beating around the bush. A trace of crack appeared on the face of Jonas, and then the smile disappeared and he became silent.
	"Yes." He admitted it very calmly. Still, Melinda could not believe that the devil like man was exactly Jonas.
	"Jonas, how could you do that? It's a risk to other people's life," Melinda said angrily with her cheeks pouted. She looked so cute with her cheeks pouted.
	Looking at this, Jonas was totally fascinated by Melinda and couldn't help kissing her.
	Hearing this, the color of Melinda's face turned from anger to shyness, and she even forgot what she was angry about just now.
	"What are you doing?" Melinda pushed Jonas away and blushed, feeling that Jonas was becoming more and more flirtatious.
	"I'm kissing my wife," said Jonas, with a straight face and a kiss on Melinda. The door of the study was pushed open, and Queena came in and saw that.
	Last time, after waiting outside the door, Melinda gave the spare key to her. Today, she came here but nobody answered her, so she went upstairs to check. She didn't expect to see that.
	Queena's eyes widened. In fear, Melinda shrank in the arms of Jonas, who was wearing a shameless smile, looking calm.
	"I made some soup for you and put it in the kitchen, Mellie. You can drink it now." Queena managed to show a smile at Melinda.
	In such a way, she let Melinda leave first, making it clear that she had something to talk alone with Jonas.
	Seeing that Melinda was a little confused, Jonas pushed her to have some soup first.
	"Then I'll go downstairs first."
	Looking at the mother and the son, Melinda said obediently, but her cheeks were still flushed, as if she was silently proving what had happened.
	A while after Melinda left, Queena opened her mouth and reprimanded Jonas, "Jonas, she is in a special period now. You have to bear even if you have any needs."
	Her sincere tone only got Jonas's absent-minded. It seemed that he was listening to her carefully or heard nothing.
	Queena felt like she punched in cotton.
	"I am talking to you. Did you hear me?" She had been afraid of being heard by Melinda, so she deliberately lowered her voice, and now she burst out.
	Looking at his mother helplessly, Jonas thought that he hadn't eaten anything just now, and got scolded like this. His attitude was not serious any more.
	"Mommy, men can't bear it," said Jonas. Queena wished she could tweak his ear like what she did when he was a child.
	"Anyway, take care of her. Don't hurt Mellie and your baby. I'm sure you will feel sorry for them if you do." Queena accurately grasped the weakness of her son.
	"It's only two months now. It doesn't matter."
	"Anyway, you can't. Do you understand?" Queena said angrily. It was because it was only two months that he had to be careful. Her son was really thoughtless. 
Chapter 305 Live Together
	Seeing his mother's face, Jonas reluctantly agreed and remained silent.
	Jonas's compromise always made Queena feel that his promise was untrustworthy.
	At the same time, Melinda was downstairs with no knowledge of all this. She drank the soup brought by Queena in satisfaction. Maybe she had known her taste, and the taste of the soup made her feel happy.
	Queena came downstairs after telling Jonas a lot of taboo things in the room upstairs and seeing Melinda so obedient, she was relieved.
	Thinking of that Melinda did not refuse Jonas just now, she began to worry about her.
	If Melinda knew what Queena was thinking at this time, she would probably be crying aggrievedly. Just now, it was due to the sudden attack of Jonas that she had no chance to resist.
	Besides, recently, Jonas would not do that. And he was caught on the spot as this was the only time that he did that.
	"Mellie." Queena came closer to Melinda, and there were some words that she wanted to say to her son. But if she said to Melinda, it would be still difficult.
	Melinda raised her head and looked at Queena in bewilderment. At the same time, Jonas happened to come downstairs and stopped his mother when he saw her expression.
	"Mom, didn't you say that you have a lot of things to deal with at home? Why are you still here?" said Jonas. It was okay for his mother to say that he had a thick skin, but Linda had a thin skin. If his mother said something to her, there would probably be no benefit at all for him in the future.
	Jonas's words made Queena roll her eyes. Her son was driving her away. She didn't say that she had a lot of things to do at home.
	Was it because she had disturbed them?
	When Queena thought of this, she became anxious.
	"Gavin is taking care of the matter at home. But it's uneasy for you two to live outside,"
	Queena said. It was mainly because of what happened just now that she was worried that the two were too young, and then the baby would be hurt.
	"I will take care of Linda. All right, the driver has been waiting for you downstairs. Don't talk too much here," Jonas said quickly. He wanted to rush up and open the door so that Queena could leave in a hurry.
	In this way, Queena was relentlessly urged back home by her son.
	After Queena left, Jonas was completely relieved. Seeing that Melinda was still in confusion, he couldn't help rubbing her forehead.
	Thinking of his mother's words, Jonas forced himself to control his desire. Finally, he thought, it was too much to bear in front of her.
	When Queena came back home, she thought for a while and felt it was not appropriate. Just when she arrived, she asked the driver to send her back.
	When Melinda was still slowly calming down in the living room, she heard the sound of the door being opened. Looking at the somewhat messy sofa, she hurriedly tidied it.
	When Queena came in, she saw Melinda's face full of guilt, but when she saw that there was no Jonas by his side, she quietly sighed with relief, thinking that her son had heard what she said.
	"Mommy, do you forget anything?" Melinda said loudly. Jonas almost fell down in the bathroom. 'Why is mommy back?'
	"No, I just come here to have a look," Queena said and sat down with Melinda on the sofa. Seeing that the sofa was not as clean as it was before she left, she looked at Melinda inquisitively.
	Melinda felt quite guilty.
	"Mommy, would you like to have some fruit?" Melinda didn't dare to look at her eyes. She picked up the fruit on the table and brought it to Queena.
	'Eat something, don't ask questions.' At this time, Melinda was especially glad that they stopped just now, otherwise, Queena came in and would see the scene.
	Melinda would feel ashamed to meet anyone.
	"Em. Let's eat, Mellie." Queena saw that Melinda's head was almost lowered to the floor, but she finally did not ask anything, allowing Melinda to eat fruit together.
	Melinda breathed a sigh of relief secretly, turned on the TV and changed the topic. When Jonas came out after getting dressed, he was again in a graceful manner.
	He looked at his mother with a frown and said helplessly, "Mommy, why do you come again? Can I have some independent space with Linda?"
	As Jonas said, he stretched out his hand and habitually wanted to hold Melinda in his arms, and Melinda was ready to rest in his arms as usual. Until her eyes met with Queena's eyes, her back suddenly stiffened and she silently moved away her position.
	"You can have as much space as you want in the future. But now, you can't. Since Mellie is pregnant, it will be very important during this period. Mommy has experienced it and can take care of her. And you have a spare room. I will move here to live with you,"
	Queena said. The last sentence was like a big bomb. The explosion made Jonas's eyes dizzy and suspect that he had heard it wrong.
	His mother wanted to move here, so he would have no benefit in the future!
	Thinking of the glance his mother gave Melinda just now and that Melinda had been silently sitting far away from him, Jonas could not help feeling distressed and helpless.
	"Mommy, what are you talking about?" Jonas looked at his mother seriously, hoping it was just a joke.
	But Queena didn't show any trace of joking. She even thought that Jonas's attitude was just because he thought he was not able to do something when she was around.
	"I will move to live with you until the baby is born," Queena said. She really felt that the two young people would make trouble when they were together.
	Hearing that, Jonas looked quite unhappy.
	"We can take good care of each other. Besides, we have moved out for a long time, and there is nothing to worry about. If you come over, you will make Linda feel very uncomfortable."
	Hearing that, Melinda stared at Jonas with her eyes wide open, as if saying that she had nothing to do with it.
	"You are the one who is unwilling, and don't push the blame onto Mellie. That's the deal," Queena said. Jonas's opinion was not on her list.
	And the more he acted like this, the more suspicious Queena was of his intention.
	"Linda, do you also think so?" Jonas winked at Melinda quickly, but Melinda also felt that it was reasonable for his mother to do so, especially when the two almost had sex just now. She was a little worried.
	"Mommy is good here. Someone can teach me if I don't understand something,"
	Melinda said with a smile, which hurt Jonas's heart. Queena was satisfied with her attitude and increasingly felt that her daughter-in-law was sensible.
	Looking at the two most important women in front of him, Jonas felt that he was really devoured by them.
	"Well, that's all for today. I'll move here then," Queena said in satisfaction. There was a touch of sadness in Jonas's eyes when he looked at Melinda.
	Queena moved out and lived with Jonas and Melinda, which had become an unchanged thing, and when Alston got the news, he immediately found Queena.
	Because of Jerry, Queena didn't have a good look on Alston recently. At this time, they sat together, not like a couple, but like an enemy.
	Alston was a man with fine living conditions. Wearing a well cut suit and dark blue shoes, he looked very mature and immaculate.
	His hair was dry and neat, leaving a little beard, which made him look more serious.
	He looked like a gentleman who was in Republic of China, with a touch of heroic spirit.
	"Jonas has been out for fun, and now you are also moving out. What the hell do you want?"
	When Alston spoke, he began to complain. Queena sneered at him. Having married him for so many years, he always came to her for something. But this time he came to her for her moving out of the Gu family.
	Of course, she wouldn't feel narcissistic that Alston didn't want her to be outside. The deep reason was actually very good to guess.
	"Is there anything wrong with living with my son?"
	Queena asked back distantly. She looked gentle, but actually a little spicy. She was used to be calm, but after being agitated by Alston, she still took out a posture to protect her child.
	"Bullshit!
	You did this just because I took Jerry back home and Jonas went out against me. Now you are also going to move out. Do you two want to embarrass me?"
	Alston questioned. The matter in the Gu's mansion was no longer a secret. Many people knew the identity of Jerry, and knew that he had brought the illegitimate child home.
	Many people wanted to see what happened to Soaring Group and them. Especially the news that Jonas moved out of the Gu's mansion confirmed that Jonas was about to have a fight with the son of the mistress.
	Many people were talking about Alston.
	Now Queena was going to move out. He lost face in front of Jerry, and also let those people who were ready to laugh at him have fun.
	Sometimes, this was the way he was. Respect was more important than life. 
Chapter 306 Back To The Gu's Mansion
	When Queena heard this, she felt that she saw through her husband.
	He was so proud that sometimes people would hate his hypocrisy. However, he acted like a gentleman.
	She couldn't believe that she was so blind to fall in love with such a man when she was young.
	"If you feel ashamed, have you ever thought about why Jonas moved out?"
	Queena looked at Alston and spoke, with a trace of resentment in her voice. He had never thought of her and their son for so many years.
	"It's because he cares about Jerry. They are brothers and will support each other in the future. Why can't they get along well?"
	Alston disapproved of what Jonas had done. He had brought a good helper to him, but now Jonas was so ungrateful.
	"Do you think Jerry is a good man? You are leading a wolf into your house."
	Queena thought of what Jerry had done to Jonas and Melinda, and was pissed off. What a bad thing it was.
	As far as Alston was concerned, it was a good thing to make use of Jerry and David to gain cooperation, and then with the ability of Jonas, the Soaring Group would surely be able to go further and further.
	This was the blueprint he had drawn for the Soaring Group, but the real situation was opposite. The conflict in the company was getting more and more profound because of Jerry.
	If it weren't for the fact that Jonas was strong enough, the Soaring Group would have been losing money in the last two months.
	"Stop talking this topic, now we're talking about you moving out." Obviously, Alston was not stupid. He knew what Jerry was, but he just wanted to make use of him.
	"Mellie is pregnant. Both of them are young. I'm afraid that they can't control themselves. With an elder around, they will behave themselves."
	Queena thought it was impossible to reason with Alston, so she spoke out the reason directly. Although Alston was a little selfish, he cared a lot about his child.
	He seemed to understand the reason.
	"It's inappropriate for two people to live outside. Let them go home." Alston said that, but was greeted with a mockery of Queena. It was simple to let Jonas go back home, because he just needed to let Jerry leave.
	But Alston was unwilling to make a concession, so he waited.
	Queena didn't want to stay with him anymore, so she left without saying more. On the contrary, after careful consideration, Alston thought that his family couldn't be divided into two families, which was too improper if it was spread out.
	The only person who could make his unruly son a little more obedient was Melinda.
	Alston decided to have a talk with Melinda.
	However, Melinda didn't know these things at all. Queena was going to move in, and she began to clean up the guest room. Jonas was not willing to, but he didn't want to let Melinda suffer. In the end, he obediently took over the job from her.
	Seeing that he was depressed, Melinda felt helpless. Following behind Jonas, she wiped off the sweat that didn't exist at all.
	"Jon, the baby is the most important now. You can hold it for a while." Melinda hoped that Jonas could be a little happier.
	But hearing that, Jonas was even unhappier. He knew what he was doing, and now in Linda's heart, the baby was the most important person.
	He had occupied this place before he was born. After he was born, he would have a little baby with him when he needed to do anything. While Melinda looked at the little baby with a tender face. She said to him heartlessly that the baby was the most important thing, which made him deeply doubt life.
	He couldn't figure out why he had this child with Linda. The child was like his father's enemy.
	However, no matter how much he hated it, he finally gave in. Child was the most important. After all, it was not easy for him and Linda to have another child.
	He planned to leave the baby to its grandparents, and he would go back to enjoy his time with Linda in the future.
	Jonas had always hoped that someone would take over the heavy burden from him. But when he found that the person might be Jerry, he only felt that the burden on his body became even heavier.
	If he wanted to protect Linda and the others well, he had to force himself to be stronger than Jerry.
	"You are always busy with your work and Mommy is with me at home. I won't overthink about anything. Isn't it said that pregnant women are more likely to suffer from depression?"
	However, what Melinda said got Jonas's angry stare. He didn't want Melinda to make jokes about her health the most.
	"I see. You go there and take a seat. I'll be back soon." Pointing at the seat not far from them, Jonas said to Melinda. She nodded to him obediently, and then sat down.
	Jonas... He began to work carefully.
	It was on the next day that Alston contacted Melinda. She was surprised when she got his call. After all, she had almost talked to him only for three times.
	"To see me?" Melinda asked in shock, thinking Alston might make the wrong call.
	"Yes, you don't have time?" Alston frowned and asked. It seemed to him that it was strange that a jobless vagabond like Melinda didn't have time.
	"No. Why don't you come to the apartment of me and Jonas?" The restriction on her movement was rather serious now, and because of Emily and Jerry, she could not go out.
	The most important reason was that Alston favored Jerry. As a result, Melinda dared not rashly go out to meet him.
	After hearing this, Alston was a little hesitant. But when he thought of it, he believed that Jonas should be in the company at this time. So he agreed.
	After inquiring about the address, Alston drove to the apartment where they lived.
	Seeing such a small building, Alston frowned again. When he arrived at the floor where the apartment was located, he felt a little relaxed.
	In order to make the home more comfortable, Jonas bought two layers of the space, with the middle layer open.
	Knowing that Alston was coming to the apartment, Melinda had been well prepared. Opening the door, she gave a new pair of slippers, and a cup of coffee.
	It was said that delicate people all like coffee...
	"Dad." The voice of Melinda was a little embarrassing. The smile on the face was no longer gentle as usual.
	However, it was obvious that Alston didn't care about this. He nodded, took the coffee and put it aside.
	"You are a good girl." With his hands crossed, Alston stared at her. Melinda thought to herself that usually such an opening would lead to uncomfortable words.
	As expected, the next words of Alston were, "Jonas is ignorant. You can't mess around like him. I hope you can move back to the Gu's mansion."
	"I need to discuss this with Jonas." Melinda's smile was impeccable, and she didn't think that it was thoughtless for Jonas to do this. What they were doing was not mischievous.
	It could only be regarded as their protection for her at most.
	"What can you talk about with him? Will he go back after you talk about it?" Alston asked mockingly. He had to admit that he knew his son well.
	Thinking of her wise advice, Melinda also believed that no matter what she said would not work.
	But she just didn't want to agree due to Alston's attitude.
	"As long as you and I go back to the Gu's mansion, Jonas will definitely come back," Alston said firmly. His son was a boy with love. If Melinda went back, he didn't need to say anything, and Jonas would run back home automatically.
	Melinda suddenly felt speechless, because it was true.
	If she went back to the Gu's mansion, Jonas wouldn't be so firm as before, but if she did so, didn't she hurt Jonas's heart?
	But now, there was a man with a tough attitude in front of her. She suddenly felt that she was caught in a tangle.
	"We're still a family, aren't we? Living apart from each other is just a joke to other people? Besides, you're a filial child. Your grandfather needs someone to keep him company at home."
	Seeing Melinda was hesitating, Alston mentioned Nelson to persuade her. Hearing this, Melinda was in a more embarrassed situation.
	"All right."
	Under the attack of Alston, Melinda had no way to deal with it. She thought that if she told him to pack up, Alston would surely say that everything was ready at home.
	"Dad, I'm going to the washroom. I'll go back with you after I get my bag," Melinda said. Her obedience made Alston satisfied and he nodded.
	Melinda left, clenching her phone in her hand, and deliberately went to the bathroom upstairs. As soon as she locked the door, she quickly told Jonas about it.
	"What should I do now?" Melinda didn't know what to do now. She agreed to leave with Alston just to make him less aggressive.
	Jonas's eyebrows wrinkled tightly again. He did not expect his father to go in such a way. Being caught between the two, Melinda would be in a dilemma.
	"You go with him first, and I will pick you up after work, to our own home."
	Not wanting to put Melinda in a difficult position, Jonas gave a pleased time to his father and decided to pick his wife home as soon as he got things done in the company.
	Melinda had scruples, but he didn't need to.
	Hearing this, Melinda felt a little relieved. She didn't want to be in the same place with Jerry, which would make her feel that she was in the most dangerous place.
	In fact, in her heart, she was reluctant to go back to the Gu's mansion. That was not a familiar place, and at this time, Jerry lived there, who was very dangerous for her baby.
	The reason why she would move out with Jonas was that she was afraid that Jerry would do something to her baby. She didn't want to provoke him and could just avoid him.
	Jerry was a pervert. If she fought head on, she would be the one to lose in the end.
	After hanging up the phone, Melinda went downstairs. As expected, Alston was still waiting for her. It seemed that she could not escape today.
Chapter 307 Apologize
	"Can we leave now?"
	Alston looked at Melinda and found that she nodded despite her pale face.
	He drove here by himself, he returned to the Gu's mansion with Melinda. Sitting on the back seat, Melinda was in a very complicated mood as she looked at the familiar scenery along the way.
	Melinda was the happiest to see that Melinda came back to home. After a long time of Nelson's care, Melinda felt the first bit of warmth in this somewhat strange home.
	"You are a stubborn girl. You always go without a word. But you are taken good care of by him." Nelson said with a pleasant smile on his wrinkled face.
	He hadn't felt so happy for a long time.
	During this period of time, Melinda had been living outside. With the company and care of Jonas, and being pregnant, she was finally put on some weight.
	That's why Nelson praised that she was being taken good care of by Jonas
	"Grandpa, we are not kids anymore."
	She felt a bit sorry for Nelson who always worried about the younger generation like them at such an old age.
	"In my eyes, you are all kids." Nelson said. Melinda smiled and stayed beside him obediently.
	Jerry had been watched by David recently. He seldom saw Stacy, always wandered in the company and returned home if there was nothing important.
	When he just entered the living room, they saw Melinda. Surprised, but with a smile on his face, and he walked towards them slowly.
	"Grandpa, I'm back." Jerry greeted Nelson politely at first, and then looked at Melinda with respect. "Good evening, sister-in-law."
	Suddenly, she felt a fit of disgust, but did not say anything. She just nodded, but through the subtle sight, they could see that she was trying to keep herself away from Jerry.
	Nelson was a sensible person. He patted Melinda's hand as if to tell her that Jerry dared to do something here.
	"It's been a long time, Melinda. You and brother decided to move out. It was really unexpected." Jerry tried to change the subject, and brought up the old issue again, about the resistance of Jonas to the state of Alston.
	"I heard that you are a writer, can I want to ask for help about that?" Said Jerry in a graceful manner, looking dignified.
	However, his posturing was really disgusting for Melinda.
	"The air at home is contaminated by poisonous insects. Let's go out and avoid it." It seemed that there was indeed a poisonous insects in their house and they were not mocking Jerry.
	Suddenly, Jerry's face turned pale. He tried hard to smile, and with so many people looking at him, he would never show his weakness.
	"No wonder Gavin asked the servants to disinfect the house a few days ago. Now I know the reason."
	Jerry said with a hypocritical look on his face.
	Jonas drove to the Gu's mansion as soon as he got off work today. When she came into the main hall, he heard Jerry's annoying voice. He came close and saw Jerry's hypocritical respect to Melinda, putting on an air.
	With a cold face, he strode forward and greeted Nelson. Then he held the hand of Melinda and stood in a place far away from Jerry.
	"Are you okay?" Jonas worried about Melinda very much.
	"I knew you would come back. I knew it!" Nelson said in a joking way. Melinda felt a little embarrassed.
	"Let's go home." Said Jonas, he still gripping Melinda's hands.
	He was referring to their home, not the Gu's mansion
	As soon as he said this, the people in the living room all had different expressions on their faces. Jerry looked at them as if he was watching a drama. And Nelson was stunned and did not seem to react quickly.
	Among all of them, Alston was the most agitated. He didn't expect that things would be in this way that Jonas was still thinking about moving out.
	They talked to each other from the beginning. Jonas came to pick her up after work, and Melinda stood next to Jonas unconditionally.
	When he said he wanted to go home, she followed him. It was her home with Jonas.
	Dressed in a light blue suit, Jonas looked like a gentleman. Unexpectedly, she was wearing a white dress, very well matched with Melinda's white dress.
	They walked side by side, It seemed that they were at the most beautiful scenery in the Gu's mansion.
	Alston was in a rage and was about to say something when he saw Queena running after them.
	When he just opened the door for Melinda, Queena rushed up to them. Her face was full of anger and a little dissatisfaction.
	In the past, she always thought that her son had his own plan no matter what he did, but this time, but Jonas was making a mistake this time.
	"Mommy, what's wrong? Are you going back with us? " Queena, although she wearing high-heeled shoes, she was still shorter. And Jonas asked her, looking at his mother.
	In the past, when Jonas talked to her, he would lower his body and close the distance between them. But today, he didn't.
	"Jonas, don't fight against our mom" hearing Jonas's words, Melinda gave him a push, indicating him not to transfer the flames of war to Queena.
	"I know you don't like Jerry. But your behavior isn't impeccable. You did disgrace your father."
	Yao Qin said. Although she didn't like him, she admired him for his ability to shrink and stretch.
	At least, he had hidden his true self.
	In other people's eyes, it was all Jonas's fault.
	With a cold face, Jonas put on a lofty and aloof posture, which made Melinda want to kick him.
	"It is none of my business." Said Jonas indifferently.
	He and his father's relationship was so stiff that he didn't need to care about it. Moreover, he hated the most when it came to the reputation of Alston.
	In order to save face, he maintained a fake marriage with Queena making the family cold.
	"You don't have to care about it. But are you satisfied to make Jerry laugh at you and be complacent?" Queena really wanted to open her son's head and see if there was full of water in it.
	Jonas was a smart man, but he became very stupid when it came to relationship.
	Or he would become childish in front of the people and things he cared about.
	Queena's words finally made Jonas come to his senses. He did this in an arrogant way, and it was a failure.
	It was his home, but now he moved out, and the person he hated moved in.
	"Jonas, I don't mean anything else. I just don't think it's a good time for you to act so willfully. Come back with me now and apologize to your father, okay?"
	Queena saw that he had thought of what she had said, and his voice softened, and he winked at Melinda next to her.
	Melinda closed the door of the car silently, making the clasped hands of the two people clasped into ten fingers.
	"Jon, let's go to apologize to father together."
	She said the word 'together'. It seemed that if one of them made a mistake, they should make it up and they should face together. She would always be with him.
	Jonas's eyes fell on her. She winked at him naughtily, as bright as stars, telling him something romantic.
	Queena looked at Melinda in relief. Now they finally knew what they must do.
	"Go ahead, all right?" Said again. Melinda even pretended to be pitiful. Seeing that Jonas was still indifferent, she stood on tiptoe, whispered in his ear, Queena saw that Jonas smiled and then agreed happily. On the contrary, Melinda's face was a little red, as if she was embarrassed.
	As a person who had experienced, Queena felt her son must be fascinated by something.
	But he had no choice. He accepted it.
	With the guide of Queena, Jonas went back to the living room with Melinda, in which Alston sat angrily, only leaving him a cold snort when he saw them.
	Knowing that it was not easy to let go of Jonas's dignity, she said by herself, "Dad, I'm sorry for what we did just now. He just cared too much about me."
	She took all the blame on herself, but it was also an indirect accusation that Jerry was dangerous to her.
	But it still made Jonas unhappy. He stood in front of Melinda to protect her, and reluctantly apologized to Alston.
	Although it was not sincere, he spoke it out anyway.
	Seeing this, Nelson also came out to mediate the dispute. "Well, father and son haven't hatred each other. Jonas has also apologized. As a father, you should be very generous. The most important thing is to maintain a harmonious relationship among the family."
	"Yes."
	Alston had to show his respect for his father and accepted Jonas's apology by nodding his head.
	Queena let out a sigh of relief and said to everyone: "the dinner is ready in the kitchen. Go to the dining room for dinner. Come and helped your grandpa."
	Since Jonas and Melinda were not by his side, Nelson did not allow anyone to hold him. And this had made Jerry uncomfortable for a long time. When he saw that the two men were coming to help Nelson, and he laughed happily. Jerry also felt that Nelson did not value him.
	Jerry clenched his fists secretly. He wondered, one day, he would make this old bastard regret that he ignored him today.
	In the new restaurant, Yulia also appeared. She was still a little surprised to see Jonas and Melinda. Recently, she had been affected by Queena, so her attitude toward Melinda was much better now.
	It looked harmonious at the table, but there were underlying meanings behind it. Except for Yulia and Nelson, everyone enjoyed the meal. 
Chapter 308 Moving Back To Gu's Mansion
	Nelson sat on the head of the house. Jonas and Melinda sat on the one side of the table, with Queena sitting next to them, while Jerry and Alston sitting on the other side. Yulia sat with embarrassment, trying her best to focus on the food.
	Almost all the dishes in Melinda's bowl were picked up by Jonas. As long as the dishes had been touched by Jerry, Jonas would never put his chopsticks in them. No one knew whether it was intentional or not.
	Although such a behavior was very childish, it was also ruthless to let Jerry feel ashamed.
	It was not clear in the Gu's mansion what to say when eating and when to sleep, but at this time, everyone seemed to want to spread the words until Jonas put down the chopsticks in his hand.
	Queena looked at Jonas doubtfully and wanted to remind him that his grandpa hadn't put the chopsticks down when he suddenly turned around and looked at her with a fake smile. She didn't know what her son was up to.
	"Mommy, don't pretend to have a good appetite to a hypocrite like Jerry." Jonas said in a moderate voice, but everyone present could hear him.
	Melinda had a good appetite, so she felt a little bit stiff when she was picking up food. She stamped on the fine leather shoes of Jonas under the table.
	Queena knew there was something implicated in Jonas's words, and she cooperated, so she pretended that only Jonas and she could hear what they said.
	"Save your father some face,"
	The reason why they were sitting here was because Alston. They wanted to see Jerry lower himself to Alston because of them.
	"Well, Mr. Wang is a good partner. I will advise him don't let his daughter marry such a hypocrite like Jerry."
	Jonas said again, his voice was a little louder than before and everyone could hear it. The fierce eyes of Alston instantly shot at him, but Jonas didn't seem to care.
	There was only seriousness on his handsome face.
	Jerry angrily put down the chopsticks in his hand, and his eyes fell on him. He had to reluctantly restore his calmness.
	Although he was furious, he could only swallow it.
	Therefore, Jonas had a big appetite and ate a lot, while Jerry was just sitting there.
	Yulia was so tired of the fight between these people that she directly left the restaurant after dinner. She acted like nobody was noticed in this house.
	Jonas had planned to take Melinda back to their own house, but he was stopped by Queena.
	"Mommy, let me take Linda back to her room." Melinda said, noticing the tiredness in her eyes.
	The room didn't change much, just like what it had been when they left. But it could be seen that someone had cleaned the room and the bedding were also new.
	The carpet in the room was softer than the outside. Stepping on it, she felt like floating above the clouds.
	Jonas closed the door and hugged her from behind. Leaning against him, she closed her eyes and quietly enjoyed the rare quietness.
	"Jon, please pay attention to the discretion when you talk in front of our grandpa." Looking at the complex expression on Jonas' face, she could feel that Nelson was in a bad mood when he saw the conflict between Jonas and Jerry.
	"Ham." He answered sulkily, but he didn't say anything more. He were still uncomfortable when he thougt that they must livin in Gu's mansion. When he was about to take Melinda home, the door of his room was knocked.
	"Jonas, your grandfather asked you to go to his room." Queena's voice came from the outside. Watching each other, Melinda left his arms.
	Jonas was not used to the fact that his arms were suddenly empty.
	"Grandpa wants to see you. You should go now. I will take a rest in the room." Melinda pushed Jonas to the door.
	Jonas nodded before opening the door and going out. Queena was still standing at the door, seeing that there was only Melinda in the room, and said to him, "You just go, and I'll be with Mellie."
	Since then, Jonas felt relieved.
	Nelson's bedroom was on the second floor. Since Jonas hadn't been here for a long time, he felt that everything was still the same, leaving a sense of heavy history.
	"Don't you want to move back?"
	There was a balcony in Lord Nelson's bedroom. Right then, he sat there and sipped some tea.
	Jonas walked up to him and sat down opposite to him. He found that there were more and more white hairs on his grandfather.
	"Jonas, I brought you up and I know you well. But I want to tell you that escaping won't solve the problem, so just move back."
	Nelson said slowly, but he sighed slightly in his tone. His grandson was very independent since he had his own thoughts. It was difficult to understand even if he was independent.
	Jonas was silent for a long time. He couldn't find any reason to refuse his grandfather's suggestion of moving back.
	Because his parents had no feelings for this family, most of the time he was educated by Nelson.
	It could be said that if Nelson hadn't cultivated him very carefully, he wouldn't have been like this today.
	"Okay."
	He said. Finally there was a smile on Nelson's face.
	"Good boy." He almost shed tears while speaking. He was getting old, but he liked to live with his grandchildren. Living apart from them made the old man feel bad.
	Then, they continued to talk about other things with each other. At last, Nelson told them that since they had decided to come back this house, they should quickly take the staffs back from their house.
	Nelson appeared in the living room along with Jonas. Jonas just told his mother simply that he would move back.
	Yao Qin couldn't believe it. It was so easy for him to decide to move back.
	"It's great to move back. We have arranged someone to take care of you. You won't have suffered so much." Queena said. Thinking that he came back temporarily today, he must have a lot of things in the apartment.
	In order to keep an eye on what was happening downstairs, Melinda deliberately left a crack in the door. She quickly went downstairs to the first floor when she vaguely head Jonas's voice.
	Seeing her in such a hurry, Jonas frowned subconsciously and then held her hand. Queena still had a smile on her face. When he saw Melinda, he said, "Mellie, he agree to move back."
	She looked at him suspiciously. Even if he didn't say anything, she could still read much information from his expression.
	"We need to move lots of things here." Jonas touched her head and said. Some of his goods were different from hers and could be bought new at any time.
	What he cared most was the office book.
	"It's still early. I will go with you to move them later." Queena said. It's just seven o'clock in the evening. It won't take long to go to the apartment.
	"Yes." Since Jonas had agreed, she was eager to go with him. If she didn't back to their house with him, she seemed living in a devil den.
	She didn't want to stay for even a second.
	"I want to go with you." She was worried that he would abandon her like this.
	He adored her and wanted to be with her all the time. When he was about to agree with her, Nelson stopped him.
	"It's just a piece of cake. I don't need so many people. You and your mother can go. I'll take care of Mellie."
	No one dared to contradict him since Nelson had made a decision. Melinda stayed at the house, watching Jonas leave reluctantly.
	Nelson was amused by her funny look.
	"Well, you don't have to stay here anymore. Go back to your room to have a rest." Nelson said with a cane.
	Melinda curled her lips. She still felt wronged, but what was done was done. It was useless to do anything.
	She sent Nelson to the bedroom, and then returned to her room. Not long after he left, she began to miss him.
	She wondered if Jonas knew where those things were placed and she should be allowed to go back. She was so familiar with the places of their things.
	Staying in the Gu family, the most annoying thing for Melinda was to face such a character as Jerry. What happened last time was still vivid in her mind.
	Nelson knew that Melinda was afraid of Jerry, so he arranged her to back to her room. The floor that used to belong to Jonas wasn't that luxury.
	There was no bedroom without Jonas. She felt very uncomfortable. She walked to the wardrobe and saw that there were many clothes in it. She muttered in her heart that there was actually no need to go home.
	Though she said so, she was smart enough to understand that the reason why he back to their own house was mainly about his work.
	However, the more she missed Jonas, the quicker she wanted Jonas back. Why did he ask Ted to bring them back?
	"Hey, Jonas, why are you so late?" According to the leaving time of Jonas, which was less than ten minutes had passed, but she was in this condition, which was really disappointing.
	Melinda calculated the time and it would take almost three hours for Jonas to come back home. It might not be easy for her to keep waiting.
	Leaning against the bed, Melinda suddenly felt very thirsty. She had never thought of moving back before, and even did not let people prepare the water. She struggled for a while, and finally went downstairs.
	As soon as she arrived at the first floor and saw the person sitting on the sofa, she began to regret.
	It was so late but Jerry was still sitting in the living room. What was he doing! She didn't know that all Jerry wanted was to wait for her.
	Jerry rose from his seat and walked up to her slowly. He was as light as a rock, which stirred violently in her heart.
	Her eyes were wide open with shock. She tried to tell herself that she was in the Gu's mansion and Jerry did not have the ability to do anything.
	"Nora, don't say anything that you shouldn't say. No one can pay for what he or she has done."
Chapter 309 Making Friends With David
	As Jerry threatened Melinda with the baby, her face turned a little pale. She went to the kitchen and poured herself a glass of warm water as usual.
	After drinking a glass of warm water, Melinda's nervous nerves were gradually relieved.
	She looked at Jerry coldly. Although she didn't say anything, the momentum on her body had changed a little. Jerry thought that she was no longer afraid of him, until he saw the hand on her lower abdomen, which was slightly trembling.
	"Melinda, remember what I said, or else your unborn baby will be the same as the first two." Jerry threatened her again with an arrogant smile on his face. Melinda's eyes narrowed sharply.
	She gripped the cup with more strength, as if it would break at any time.
	Standing upstairs, Nelson had seen everything. When he heard the sound of Melinda going downstairs just now, he felt a little worried, but he didn't expect to see that.
	"Mellie, go upstairs and have a rest." Hearing Nelson's words, Jerry was stunned and stood still. Melinda secretly breathed a sigh of relief.
	Looking at the arrogant Jerry, she ruthlessly put the cup back on the table, and then turned around to go upstairs.
	Jerry was still immersed in the fear that his grandfather saw what happened just now. Recently, Nelson didn't get involved in this matter. Did he suddenly get involved in it because of this matter?
	'Will my situation become more troublesome then? '.
	She walked upstairs. Seeing Nelson's soothing smile, she couldn't help smiling and said sweetly, "Grandpa."
	"My silly girl." Nelson touched her head, and Melinda found that she was a little embarrassed. These people liked to touch her head too much. It was not a good habit.
	She thought in her mind, 'I had thought I can grow taller, but now I can't.'
	"Go to my study and I have something to talk with you."
	Said Nelson. In fact, he had wanted to have a talk with Melinda for a long time, but since Jonas held her so tightly, he couldn't find a chance.
	He was greatly touched by Melinda and Jonas's passing time.
	"Okay." Melinda responded and began to support him out of habit. His study was next to the bedroom, which was quaint, old-fashioned and fragrant, making people gradually relaxed.
	Melinda helped him to sit down on the sofa, and then stood beside him obediently. Although Nelson was a soldier at a young age, he was very considerate. Thinking that the reason why she went downstairs just now was to drink water, he poured a cup of tea for her.
	"Mellie, now that Jonas has decided to move back, I knows that you are the biggest factor affecting his decision." Nelson said slowly. There was no blame in his words. He was just saying a fact.
	As the party involved, Melinda clearly knew that what Nelson said was right. With the action.of Jonas sometimes, she felt very happy, and sometimes she also felt a little troubled.
	"Grandpa, Jonas is not a capricious man."
	She said slowly, trying to defend her man. She knew that Jonas was not a man who could be willful. He just seemed to be willful when he did something, but he had his own reasons, and he also reserved his own bottom line.
	"I really know that, we will stop talking about him."
	Said Nelson. He was confident about his grandson's ability as they had discussed it today.
	He had watched him grow step by step, and this was only a current ordeal for him. He believed that he could go through it.
	"What?" Perplexed, she looked at Nelson. 'Since they had nothing to talk about, could they talk about Grandpa?'
	"Now that you have moved back, you should learn not to be afraid of Jerry. No matter how powerful he is, he is just one person."
	Nelson said these words in all earnestness. It made his heart ache to think of her fear.
	Hearing this, Melinda fell into silence for a long time. She knew what Nelson said, but it was just that the means of Jerry was too shocking.
	She had a pure sense of three values and bottom line, so it was difficult for her to understand how vicious Jerry was, which made her feel very uncomfortable. So she disgusted, resisted, and even fear.
	"Grandpa, Jerry and we are destined to be enemies." She had chosen to hide from him in order to protect her child.
	But after being aggressive for such a long time, she found that there were many problems that you had to face.
	For example, her fight with Jerry had just begun. At that moment, she had made up her mind to fight him to the end.
	Jerry relied on Stacy and he became arrogant. Since Jonas was a powerful man, she didn't need to be afraid of him anymore. As long as she could protect herself well, Jonas can deal with Jerry confidently.
	"Have you made up your mind?" Nelson said with a complicated look on his face. He liked the innocent Melinda, who had bright eyes.
	But it was meant to grow up. It was not the best protection for her to be in the greenhouse.
	"Yes." Melinda said firmly.
	"If you want to protect your baby, you must make yourself stronger. Fear and evasion can't solve the problem, you know?"
	Nelson said patiently, fearing that she would be at a loss. Hearing what he said, she seemed to know what she should do suddenly.
	Although Nelson didn't say anything more, she could clearly feel that he was on her side.
	Perhaps Nelson didn't say anything because he didn't want to hurt his son's face, but in his heart, he was on their side.
	They didn't talk for a while before they heard the sound downstairs. It must be that Jonas and Queena had come back.
	Melinda helped Nelson to go downstairs. Alston appeared in the living room and walked towards the door.
	Jerry came back to his senses from what happened just now, and he followed Alston when he saw that. He had a smile on his face, which made Melinda feel uncomfortable.
	"It's okay now. You have moved back." They were all shocked by what the irresponsible man in the family said.
	He reached out and took Queena's things, and she gave them directly to him. Jerry looked at Queena and said, "Auntie Yao."
	Queena gave Jerry an eye roll. When Alston saw that, he shown a downcast face, as if he had just pretended to be gentle, and handed over his things to the servant next to him.
	"Mrs. Gu, do you still remember your identity?" Alston blamed Queena in a reprimanding tone, 'my wife should be generous and elegant, Why did she dare to do such a humiliating action just now?'
	But when Alston saw that Queena looked at Jerry with mockery and disdain, he felt so ashamed.
	"Who am I? Your wife? I just was my son's mother. " Queena said. Jonas was their son, but now she only stressed that he was her own son.
	Seeing that, Jerry, who had been sensing the tension in the air, came over in a hurry and tried to mediate. "Father, it's okay. Auntie is just too tired. Let's go to bed."
	Looking at him, there were remaining two words in her heart, Melinda thought, 'hypocrite!
	However, when Alston saw what Jerry had done just now, he was more and more satisfied. The harmonious atmosphere between he and Queena disappeared in this way.
	Queena's face was filled with anger. Jerry was so scheming that he never forgot to raise himself by stepping on other people's feet.
	Jonas immediately went to find Melinda when he came back. Noticing that she was fine, he was relief. And he greeted Nelson with one of his hands which took some documents and went back to the bedroom with her.
	The fight downstairs was still going on. Queena didn't think he had done something wrong and was very dissatisfied with the attitude of Alston. And the innocent look of Jerry next to her irritated her more.
	Queena found out very distressed that it was better to live in his son's apartment than in his own house, at least comfortable.
	"Apologize to Jerry." Alston said obstinately. Queena widened his eyes and almost forgot her class, stretching out her hand to point at him.
	"Alston, don't go too far!" Queena shouted. He was so angry that his tears almost came out. Although Jerry was still saying that he was not hurt, the smile in his eyes betrayed him.
	Seeing this, Nelson only felt a headache. Since Jerry moved in, there was no good day in Gu's mansion.
	"It's impossible for me to apologize." Queena said. Then he didn't talk anymore and asked the servant to put the staffs back to her bedroom.
	She hated to stay in the same room with Alston.
	After returning to the bedroom, she reminded Jonas that his mother might be in a bad mood now and asked him to comfort her.
	When he arrived at their bedroom, he knew that Queena didn't live in the same room with Alston.
	In Queena's bedroom, a servant was packing up her things. She sat on the bed in anger, and when she saw Jonas, she couldn't help but say, "your father was so stupid."
	'He even asked me to apologize to a wicked kid like Jerry. If others know that, it would be humiliating.'
	"Mommy, don't be angry. It's not worthwhile to be angry if your health is affected." He comforted her. Queena looked at his son in shock. She didn't think he would say that.
	The fact was, these words were taught by Melinda.
	Jonas touched his nose, and then spoke out what he would say only in Queena's strange eyes. "In fact, dad has some unspeakable reason. He is good to Jerry, just because he wants to make use of him. Now that Jerry and Stacy haven't broken off the contact, then dad has a chance to make friends with David."
	Jonas gave a brief analysis of what he knew to Queena. 
Chapter 310 Threats
	Queena understood, but she still felt uncomfortable. Is it because of this reason that they have to put up with Jerry every time?
	Besides, Jonas had a bright future ahead. As long as he ran the Soaring Group well, he would surely become a leading enterprise in a few years. Why was he in a hurry now?
	That's what she thought, but Queena knew that business marriage was the easiest and fastest way to expand the territory. Back then, she also hoped that Jonas could marry a person who was helpful for his career.
	"It would be good if we can cooperate with the Wang clan, but it doesn't matter if we don't cooperate with us." Queena still believed in his son's strength, thinking that he could make Soaring Group better.
	So cooperation was not important. It was just a shortcut. If this shortcut made them so uncomfortable, they might as well refuse it.
	Hearing this, Jonas was a little upset.
	"Maybe he doesn't believe me," Said Jonas. Alston didn't believe in his ability, so he used such a method to expand Soaring Group. If Alston was willing to give Jonas more confidence, it would be good.
	"If he doesn't believe you, can he trust Jerry who relies on women?" Queena said angrily.
	Outside the door, when Jerry heard this sentence, his fists were gradually clenched, and finally loosened, telling himself that it was not the time to break up with them.
	He still had a lot of things to do. When he completely took control of Soaring Group, he would make Queena, that old woman felt it was worse than death.
	"I was telling the truth." Jonas said calmly. His ability had been doubted for a long time, hut he had been solid in his position as the CEO for so long.
	He would treat it as a test.
	"Then I will make Jerry unable to marry Stacy. I will see if he lost the right to be arrogant then yet. A man who only relies on a woman will become nothing."
	Queena was fed up with Jerry. At the same time, she felt that Stacy was so blind to like such a hypocrite as Jerry.
	While Jonas nodded in agreement. He had said before that he would not let a hypocrite like Jerry marry Stacy.
	He could sound out what David wanted to say.
	Outside the door, Jerry heard the conversation between the two people clearly. Seeing that Jonas hadn't come back for quite a long time, Melinda, who was waiting for him upstairs, worried that he might not be good at comforting people, went downstairs in person.
	As soon as she arrived at the stairway, they saw Jerry standing at the door with an angry face. He raised his ears and could hear the words inside through the crack of the door.
	She was very anxious and hurried forward, looking at Jerry warily.
	"What are you doing here?"
	She didn't know what Jonas had said to Queena in the room, but judging from Jerry's appearance, she knew that he was here for a long time.
	What the hell did he hear.
	The voice of the two was not loud, so the people inside didn't hear it. Jerry pulled Melinda to the side. Melinda wanted to hide from him, but she finally gave up.
	When Jerry's sharp eyes fell on Melinda, he seemed to be able to cut her into pieces, but she was not afraid at all at this time. Her eyes seemed to be able to see the darkest side of Jerry, making him feel that he was a very bad man.
	"What the hell do you want?"
	She shook off Jerry's hand, standing at the side and keeping the safest distance.
	"Please tell Jonas and Queena that if they dare to ruin my marriage with Stacy, the baby in your womb will be gone."
	Looking at Melinda's belly, Jerry smiled like a crazy executioner.
	Although he was good at scheming, he was no match for Jonas in the business world. Moreover, because of him, he lost the advantage in front of David.
	If Queena involved in this time, it would be too much likely for his marriage to be destroyed.
	Queena stood for the hostess of Gu family. If she went out and said something, people would believe her.
	Even if someone would say that she bullied Jerry at that time, it would be okay as long as her goal was achieved.
	Hearing his words, Melinda once again felt how ruthless Jerry was. He was really thinking about killing her child all the time.
	Within just one night after she came back, she had been threatened by him twice. Because of him, Gu's mansion had really become a dangerous place, thought Melinda.
	"If you are decent enough, why do you fear of being messed up? In the final analysis, it is because you feel guilty." She said slowly, staring at Jerry.
	It directly hit on the depths of his heart. This marriage was really due to his means, so he did not have any sense of truth, so he was afraid of it was being destroyed.
	Now that the secret on his mind was exposed to the public like this, he was extremely embarrassed.
	"You have no right to worry about my business. You'd better take care of your unborn baby." Jerry got angry from embarrassment.
	She showed no fear.
	"The baby is in my belly and it's up to me. No one can make a decision about him, especially you, Jerry."
	She hated those people who threatened her with the things and peoples she cared most. She was full of anger.
	When he threatened her three times, she thought he didn't dare to do anything.
	The conversation between the two ended here. After saying that, she turned and returned to her bedroom. Her undulating chest could still be sensed her anger at this time.
	Jerry stood there alone and did not come to himself for a long time. Was the domineering woman just now really Melinda?
	He felt like she had changed into another person.
	But he was still full of anger if he thought that Jonas and Queena wanted to ruin the marriage between him and Stacy.
	At the same time, the quarrel outside finally attracted the attention of Jonas and Queena, and the discussion between the two stopped for the time being.
	"I want to check on Linda."
	Anxiety could be seen in his eyes and when he talked to his mother. He even began to regret that he should not leave Linda at this moment.
	After returning to her bedroom, she kept thinking about the threatening words that Jerry had said to her.
	All he saw was that Melinda was sulking alone, and a worried look appeared on his handsome face again.
	"Linda, what's wrong with you?"
	Jonas walked up to her, hugged her and comforted her. She was finally relieved. Thinking of the scene that she met Jerry today, she began to hesitate.
	It took a long time for Jonas to promise to go back to the Gu's mansion. If he moved out for her, his father would be more dissatisfied with him?
	But Jerry had been eavesdropping for so long, what if there was any secret in it.
	The tangled look in her eyes caught the attention of him. Slightly determined, he pulled her hand and gently kissed her on his lips.
	"Linda, can you tell me?"
	Although his tone was soft, his attitude was tough. Knowing that he was asking her to tell him everything.
	"Jon, what did you say to mommy just now?" She thought she'd better asked that.
	"I talk to her about Jerry."
	He said without the slightest scruple about the topic. 'That's it, No wonder that Jerry had a long face just now.' thought Melinda
	"Pay attention to your surroundings when you speak in the future. What if your words are overheard by some villain?" Said Melinda. She had learnt from this lesson.
	'There might be more peoples like Jerry in the family, and there might be someone else lurking in the dark. In a word, be careful.'
	"What did you see?" Smart as he was, he had already got the point. He knew that Melinda would not tell him about it out of no reason, so she must have seen something.
	"Just now, I saw that you hadn't come back. I was worried that you weren't able to comfort mommy, so I came to you." To tell him the truth, Jonas was waiting for what she was going to say, and he was still frowning.
	"Then I saw Jerry stand at the door for a long time and perhaps he has heard your conversation."
	From the warning of him, she was sure that mommy and he had definitely talked about the plan about how to deal with Jerry.
	"So what?" Jonas was a little arrogant and it seemed that he didn't care about what Jerry heard. Their purpose was very clear, that was to target him.
	And Jerry also knew the conversation between him and David before.
	His purpose was so simple and clear.
	"Then, Jerry asked me to tell to you and mommy that don't ever try to ruin his marriage with Stacy, or..." As she spoke, her breath became a little unstable. After subconsciously touching her abdomen, she tried to calm down and said, "otherwise, the baby will be harmed."
	Seeing that, his face suddenly turned cold, or it could be said to be a little bit resentful. Seeing this, Melinda worried about him, and she held his hand to calm him down.
	"I'm fine. Don't be like this." Said Melinda softly. Her words were like a spring breeze pouring on the angry heart of Jonas.
	The previous lessons all made clear that a moment of anger would make a mistake, and he slowly calmed himself down. He was so apologetic that in the end, what he said was a serious sentence, "I will protect you and the baby."
	At the same time, Jerry was also very anxious. Being scolded by Yolande like that, his hatred deepened, but his marriage with winner had not been promoted for a long time. He was worried that he would gradually lose the advantage.
	Sitting on the bed, Jerry was immersed in his thoughts. Finally, he thought the most important thing for the time being was to marry winner as soon as possible. Only in this way could he be qualified to defeat Jonas!
	Fortunately, Stacy still loved him now.
Chapter 311 The Plan
	Because of this, Jerry didn't sleep well last night. The next day, he appeared in front of everyone with a pair of black eyes.
	Melinda was not friendly to Jerry at all. Even when he appeared at the table, Melinda told Jerry that he wanted to eat breakfast outside.
	Alston's face turned pale in an instant. Melinda had always been generous and gentle. She seldom humiliated him like this.
	On the contrary, it was Queena, who was happy to see Melinda in such a state.
	"You don't want to eat, do you? I'll ask the servants to prepare it again." Luckily, the Gavin appeared in time and rescued them, putting the blame on the servants.
	"No, it's because of the baby. It's the baby in my belly that made me want to eat the food outside." Said Melinda in a good attitude to Gavin, holding Jonas's hand.
	When it came to the child, Melinda took a look at Jerry on purpose, and used the child as an excuse. Naturally, Alston said nothing.
	Melinda made up an excuse casually, but Jonas took it seriously. He had been wandering around outside with her for a long time in order to find food that could satisfy her appetite.
	"You don't want anything to eat here?" Seeing that she had no appetite all the time, Jonas could not help but frown. He thought that it was just her disgust for the act of making him lose face, but it turned out to be true.
	She didn't know what she wanted to eat. She just had no appetite.
	But strangely enough, there was almost no pregnancy reaction after such a long time.
	"How about you cook for me?" She thought it was a good idea. Touching her belly gently, she looked at Jonas with innocent eyes as if she was telling him that what the baby wanted.
	Jonas loved her very much, so he immediately went to the supermarket with her to buy some food materials. Then they went to the apartment where the two of them lived before. Although they didn't live there anymore, they still asked someone to clean it up regularly.
	At last, both of them found the scene funny. The breakfast prepared by Jonas had been eaten up by Melinda, showing that she had a good appetite.
	Since he had brought Melinda out, he directly took her to the company. He didn't want her to be scared of Jerry.
	At the same time, Queena began to think about how to break up Jerry and Stacy.
	In the end, she decided to start with Stacy. She was too young and didn't know how to know people, so she found someone to help her to know how bad Jerry was.
	And she knew who can do that was Yulia.
	During this period of time, Yulia had received a lot of benefits and had always been respectful to Queena. So when Queena said that she had something to talk with her, Yulia almost put down what she had done and went to see Queena.
	Queena talked with Yulia in the painting room, which was Queena's private space and no one was able to come in without her permission.
	This was the first time that Yulia came here. She was curious when he saw the paintings hanging on the walls and visible doodles.
	"Auntie, what's up?" Standing one meter away from Queena, Yulia asked in a low voice.
	Today, she wore a floral long dress and a bowknot hair band on her head. After she recovered, she looked like a child.
	There will be a party tomorrow night and I want you to go with me. It's kind of a party, almost for kids like you. " Said Queena. The party was held by a rich lady in order to introduce these young men and women to each other.
	Those who had received the invitation letters knew that the rich lady just wanted to find a suitable match for her daughter, who would be of great help to the family business.
	Such kind of banquet was held every year. Young men and women who were born in well-off families would also take this opportunity to hunt for their beauty. Instead of asking their family to arrange for them, it was better to find an excellent husband or wife.
	Although Yulia had attended a lot of banquets recently, it was still surprising for Queena to take her to such a party in person, and at the same time, Yulia was full of gratitude.
	Queena had given her such a chance. Whether she could seize it or not depended on herself.
	"Thank you, Auntie Yao. I'll prepare it well." Yulia said. She would prepare her clothes well and not embarrass Gu family.
	Queena looked at Yulia and had many feelings in his heart. In fact, she was a nice girl, but it was a pity that she was born in a wrong family.
	But Yulia has changed a lot in these days. Queena saw these changes, so she used her at the beginning to now sympathize with her.
	"I'll arrange this for you. But there's one thing you need to do." Queena said sincerely and came straight to the point.
	Queena said there was something she needed to do, which made Yulia feel normal.
	She looked at Queena, as if she was waiting for Queena to tell her what was going on.
	"Do you know what kind of person Stacy is?" Queena said. Yulia was not stupid. She must know the situation in family, and as long as she knew it, she would know what Queena wanted.
	In front of her, Yulia didn't act foolishly. She said directly, "yes, I know. She was with Jerry. Her family seems to be powerful."
	If she was not powerful, how could Jerry ask Alston to bring him Gu family?
	Alston was a pathetic man. Although he had many children, none of them respected him from the bottom of their hearts.
	Maybe there was a chance. It was a thing of the past for Jonas.
	"Yes, she will go to the party too. You can take the opportunity to communicate with her and try to be her good friend." Yulia said. Finally, she realized a little.
	She nodded and thought it didn't matter much.
	"Well, it all depends on you this time. As long as you become good friends, you will find an opportunity to separate her and Jerry."
	Queena said. Her disgust of Jerry was not hid in front of Yulia.
	Yulia also knew very well what kind of person Kelvin was. She even thought that she might have saved an ignorant girl if she had done this.
	There were so many bad guys in the world that all of them could be dealt with. Thinking of this, Yulia became more energetic all of a sudden.
	"Auntie Yao, don't worry." Yulia vowed solemnly. Queena nodded in satisfaction and was very confident in her, but this plan ended up with a change.
	The party was held the next day. Queena set off with Yulia. She explained it deliberately for fear that Melinda might misunderstand her.
	"Mommy, I'm fine. Have fun with Yulia at the party." Melinda said with a smile. Maybe there had been many unpleasant things between her and Yulia, but all these things had become insignificant compared with what Emily and Jerry had did.
	Because they were going to attend the party, Queena and Yulia were all dressed in very gorgeous. Queena was still dressed in a cheongsam, setting off her beautiful figure. Although she was at middle age, her aura was really more charming.
	Yulia was dressed in a nifty pink Strapless evening dress. It was designed with floral patterns and it looked fresh. Her hair was simple and refreshing, making people feel comfortable.
	They stood together like a mother and a daughter.
	The driver came in the living room and reminded Queena that everything was ready. They left together. The party was held in a famous hotel in A City. and the decoration was very luxurious.
	As soon as they got out of the car, an concierge took the lead.
	Melissa had attended many banquets like this, so it was natural for her to attend them. She was decent to accompany Queena.
	Many people gathered in small groups on the third floor. They gathered together and tried to seek whether they were unique in dress. It would be an embarrassment if two of them dress in the similar style.
	Therefore, sometimes, some people tended to be self-centered, and nobody knew what the result would be.
	"Mrs. Gu, long time no see, Miss Gu." When the hostess of the Party saw Queena, there was a smile in her eyes, and even her attitude towards Yulia became much better.
	"Long time no see, Mrs. Xu." Queena greeted her. Holding a party was indeed a hard work, so she didn't like it at all, unless it was necessary to hold it.
	It was obvious that Mrs. Xu was a sweet talker and she put in some good words for them. They were so amused that they couldn't help but laugh. After that, Mrs. Xu moved to another guest in the hotel.
	"Let's sit there." Queena pointed at a position not far away and said to her. She withdrew her gaze and obediently left with Queena.
	While they were talking, Yulia envied Miss Xu so much because she heard that Mrs. Xu specially prepared this banquet for her daughter. How lucky she was.
	Every girl hoped that they could have such an exclusive party.
	They arrived not early, but not late. Looking around the banquet hall, they didn't see Stacy. Queena confirmed that she hadn't arrived.
	The two had been waiting for a long time, but they didn't expect to see Jerry who they saw in the Gu's mansion not long ago, but he came here with Stacy now. They stood together and looked perfectly matched.
	With a decent smile on his face, Jerry frequently lowered his head and talked to Stacy like a spring breeze. It was obvious that Stacy was wearing a happy smile.
	Yulia had been with a jerk before, and she felt those jerks had the same characteristic. There was a saying that jerks were good at making people happy.
	It was obvious that Jerry had also seen them. He took Stacy to come over and greet them with a friendly look.
	"Hi, auntie, Yulia."
Chapter 312 The Plan Fell Through
	Queena rarely had a good face towards Jerry, although this face was very similar to his son's.
	But his personality was always the opposite.
	"Stacy, this is Dad's wife. And this is my sister." He not only greeted Queena in person, but also took Stacy with him. The more affectionate they were in front of Queena, the more displeased she was.
	"Hi, Auntie Yao." Stacy greeted politely and then looked at Yulia. she still showed basic respect, "Yulia."
	Yulia was flattered by Stacy's warm words. Yulia had assumed that a person like her would be arrogant and narrow-minded, but now Stacy was so nice to her.
	The better Stacy behaved, the more Jerry felt honored.
	He behaved so natural and elegant, and at this moment, Queena appeared to be petty.
	Looking at Stacy, Queena wanted to speak but stopped on a second thought. He wanted to make this girl's eyes bright and not to be seduced by the bad man in front of her.
	But at this time, it could be seen that they were in love. Such a person was the most irrational. It was just a waste of words to say to her.
	"Miss Wang." Queena greeted her. Queena didn't deliberately get close to her because of her identity.
	If she did, she would tell everyone that Soaring Group was not a patch on the Wang clan.
	Recently, many people were sick of the recent actions of Alston. They thought that Soaring Group was dying and he had to depend on the Wang clan.
	But Alston didn't care about it.
	Everyone was embarrassed in front of each other. In the end, they didn't waste time in that fake communication. Queena left with Yulia.
	Because of the appearance of Jerry, their original plan had been destroyed.
	Queena faced Yulia, but it was obvious that she was not so enthusiastic.
	In the past, she might meet some people with Yulia, but now she was not in the mood. Queena found a quiet place and sat down.
	She didn't say anything. Yulia of course, followed her.
	"Auntie Yao, do you need that I to bring something for you?" They can take everything they want on the table. In order to wear a nice dress, Yulia didn't eat anything today.
	But now she was a little hungry. Queena had no appetite because of Jerry's matter.
	In other words, her mood was totally ruined.
	"You can find something to eat by yourself. You don't have to follow me. If you have the chance, just do it as I told you. Got it?" Queena said in earnest. She wouldn't give up so easily as long as there was a slightest chance.
	After she nodded, she left.
	The party was wonderful. She had seen a lot of flowers when she came in just now, and it was a pity for her to be with Queena.
	After all, she was able to meet a good man.
	But it would put her into a passive position.
	Looking at Queena's receding figure, Yulia was like a bird out of the cage, flying in the air happily. She got a glass of wine from the waiter and began her tonight's hunting trip.
	Most of the girls in the party were dressed in fancy clothes and mature clothes. As Yulia, who was fresh and pure, which was rare to see. She had a good set of facial features. With the makeup, she made herself an otherworldly fairy.
	Many boys loved this kind of girls, which made people want to commit a 'crime'.
	Soon, someone came to Yulia. In order to maintain her image, she appeared to be very reserved, and she had a drink, her face was slightly red.
	Jerry followed Stacy. He was clear that these were the most valuable connections and he holding his best side to meet the guests.
	Stacy, as the daughter of David, was good at getting along with others. Seeing that she was standing beside a man, they behaved so intimately that the guests complimented that they were so matched.
	Such praise had been heard too much, and even Jerry could not help but feel a little floating.
	"Baby, are you tired?" Jerry was a smart man. Even at this time, he didn't forget to care about Stacy.
	Stacy wore a black fishtail skirt today which showed her nice figure perfectly. Jerry had been attracted and knew that she was very sexy under the thin cloth.
	Even if she was pregnant, she didn't look inferior at all when she attended the party. She was like a queen with a fishtail skirt and high-heeled shoes.
	Seeing this, Jerry was even more worried. There was a baby in her belly. Why did she wear such high-heeled shoes.
	At this time, Jerry couldn't help but think of the time when he saw Melinda was pregnant. She didn't wear shoes more than three centimeters, even when she went to the banquet. She was wearing a pair of flat shoes most of the time.
	The temperament around Melinda, even the flat shoes, did not damage a little bit of her temperament, but revealed her gentle temperament completely.
	"Nothing." These people were wearing high-heeled shoes, as simple as flat shoes. During this period of time, she had been prohibited to stop a lot of doing things she liked because of pregnancy, which made Stacy very uncomfortable.
	The reason why she attended the dinner was to relax herself.
	Seeing that, Jerry was very anxious and didn't dare to say anything. He just worried that the unborn child would be dead because of her negligence.
	He was like the most loyal servant, who would follow Stacy wherever she went. It made many people jealous that Stacy had such a loyal boyfriend.
	They had shown much respect to Stacy.
	After a long time, seeing that Jerry was worried and spoiled her, Stacy was finally willing to compromise.
	"Honey, let's sit there." When Stacy said this, Jerry felt thankful. He immediately took her there and then looked for food for Stacy like a loyal dog.
	Stacywas alone. Queena saw it and thought it was a perfect opportunity. But Yulia didn't show up for a long time. When Queena looked around and found that Yulia was talking with a man so happily, a mouthful of blood was stuck in her throat.
	At this moment, Yulia was tempted by some boy and completely forgot the task given by Queena. Her face was full of bright smile.
	She hadn't felt such a loving feeling for a long time, even though it was all fake.
	But she still enjoyed it.
	Queena had been looking at Yulia, hoping that she would go to Stacy's place as soon as possible, and then talk to her. However, things did not go as Queena had expected. Until Jerry came to his place with a lot of things to Stacy, Yulia still did not taking any action.
	"Honey, these are your favorite. These are for the baby. You should eat them all. You are too thin." Jerry looked at Stacy and said with a little pity.
	Stacy was really very thin and thin. Moreover, she was rather petite. It could be said that such a girlfriend was very satisfy with the male chauvinism of the boyfriend.
	It could be said that Stacy was also a nice person to get along with if she didn't have the value to be used by him.
	Of course, a person like him did not have to be particular about feelings. The reason why he treated Stacy so well was just that he was worried about the baby in her womb, which was his biggest bargaining chip now.
	Because of this chips, Jerry had been beaten up by David.
	"Thank you, dear." Stacy was so happy that he kissed on Jerry's cheek. Most of the things he brought were what she usually ate, so she thought that he was very thoughtful.
	Those food were said to be good for the baby and to be nutritious. She was quite picky in daily life, but the food prepared by the five-star chef made people feel very happy.
	While looking after Stacy, Jerry didn't forget to see the sound of Queena. He knew that Queena had begun to break up their relationship.
	He must marry Stacy as soon as possible.
	The party finally disappointed Queena. In the end, Stacy and Jerry, who attracted many people's attention. they were knew that he was the son of Gu family.
	Their eyes changed when they saw Queena. It was said he was a son of Gu family, but obviously he was a bastard.
	When they came back, Queena had been wearing a cold face toward Yulia, who realized that she had forgotten what she had done today, and she was secretly regretting, afraid that she would not be allowed to attend those parties again.
	She had tried hard to build a good image as a Miss Gu in this family, but now it might be lost forever.
	At the thought of this, Yulia got into a panic.
	"Auntie Yao, I'm sorry for what happened today..." Lowering her head, she apologized sincerely, her hands clenching the bag.
	Queena looked at Yulia in front of her and just felt that he was blind. A leopard cannot change its spots, which is said to be a person like Yulia.
	In order to hook up with men, she really didn't care about the time, place and occasion.
	"What? You hook up with a young master? Do you want your brother to prepare dowry for you?" Queena gave vent to her anger. She was angry that he dared to mention this thing.
	"Auntie Yao, I was just..." Yulia tried hard to find an excuse, but Queena didn't want to hear and turned her head directly.
	Standing aside, Yulia was so upset and upset that she almost lost her mind.
	At the same time, Jerry felt that the atmosphere between him and Stacy was just right, and the time was also suitable. He wanted to propose to Stacy, and after that, it would be useless for Jonas and Queena to ruin it. 
Chapter 313 Be Grounded At Home
	With this idea in mind, Jerry began to prepare, but he did it secretly because he was afraid of being discovered by Queena or Jonas.
	These days he was as carefree as before in the Gu's mansion. But his time staying outside increased significantly.
	Stacy's birthday was five days after the party. These five days were enough for him to make a lot of preparations. Jerry had specially booked a couple's theme room in the hotel.
	He was planning to decorate the scene of proposal here. Stacy was a woman who paid attention to the taste of life, and Jerry knew it very well, so this proposal must have some new ideas.
	But according to Stacy's love for Jerry now, as long as he proposed, she would probably agree.
	Jerry had booked the room for a week to decorate it, with roses and balloons in it, as well as many other things that young girls liked, and there was also a small movie, which was a group photo since the two met.
	To make her more touched, Jerry also added lots of subtitles and honeyed words.
	Stacy could feel how Jerry felt and at the same time, she was expecting what kind of surprise Jerry would give her.
	On the day before her birthday, they met in the apartment. Stacy was lying on Jerry, with her hands and Jerry's putting on her belly.
	The baby was too small to be noticed at present, but it was the crystallization of their love.
	"Tomorrow is your birthday, dear. What do you want?" Jerry took their hands and put them to his lips to kiss gently. Then he asked dotingly.
	His eyes were full of infinite tenderness, which caused Stacy to be fascinated. Then she said with some flirtatious tone, "The gift you prepared for me shouldn't be a surprise. Why ask me?"
	"Okay, I'll give you a surprise."
	As Jerry spoke, Stacy smiled with satisfaction. She believed what Jerry said and it must be a surprise.
	On that day, Jerry accompanied Stacy and told her that he had booked a table to take her to the hotel the next day.
	Stacy returned home with expectations and saw her father sitting in the living room with a sullen face.
	"Dad, why are you sitting here?" Stacy asked curiously. Generally at this time, her father was working in the study.
	Today, he was sitting here. It looked like he was waiting for her. Stacy thought that she must have thought too much.
	"Why do you come back so late?" asked David discontentedly as he noticed the love bite on Stacy's neck.
	Anger was brewing in his eyes, and Stacy seemed to have realized something. She covered it in a hurry and said, "I took a walk outside after finishing my meal. I'll go back to my room to wash up."
	Stacy quickly returned to her bedroom, and David's mood was even more complicated.
	Thinking of the phone call he just received, he made up his mind.
	The next day, Stacy woke up very early and started to dress herself up. Her wide bed was now covered with clothes, so was the carpet, and it was like an exhibition.
	She had her own wardrobe, but she didn't have any clothes that she was satisfied now.
	"I should have gone shopping yesterday," Stacy said with distress. It was the hardest choice for her. Finally, she found a white dress in the middle of it.
	She had a premonition that Jerry was going to propose to her, so she had to dress more formally.
	At that time, Stacy had picked up the clothes, jewelries and other things, including makeup and shoes. Anyway, it had been a long time since Stacy had everything be well matched.
	After dressing up, Stacy stood in front of the floor to ceiling mirror, revealing her sweetest appearance, and then opened the door to go out.
	She had to leave the time for her family to celebrate her birthday this noon, but after that time, it would be time for her and Jerry.
	Thinking of this, the corners of her mouth couldn't help showing a happy smile.
	She had made boyfriends before, but over time, she was very dissatisfied. Jerry was the first man that made her have the idea to get married, but this man seemed not to be liked by her father.
	Stacy went to the door, but when she opened the door, she sensed that something was wrong. She couldn't open the door!
	"What's wrong? Is the door broken?" Stacy said as she felt it strange. She tried again, but still could not open it.
	She anxiously took out her cell phone and dialed her family's landline number. The person who answered the phone was David. Stacy was relieved. Her father was indeed at home preparing for her birthday.
	"Dad, the door of my room seems to be broken. Can you send someone to check it for me?" Stacy said like a spoiled child, slapping the door with some anger.
	Today was her birthday. How could she be so unlucky from the beginning? It was so disturbing.
	"Your door is not broken," said David. He had someone lock his daughter inside the house. No matter what happened, he wouldn't let her leave the house today.
	When he thought that Jerry was going to propose to his daughter today and he had to use such a method to trap Stacy, he was furious.
	"Father, what are you talking about?" Stacy's smile faded. At this moment, she seemed to realize that something was wrong.
	Since he came back last night, her father had been in a bad condition!
	"Just stay in the room and calm down. Don't try to go out. You know what I can do." After finishing these words, David hung up the phone.
	He had made up his mind to break them up. On such an important day today, he must stop something from happening.
	As soon as David hung up the phone, Stacy started to yell in the room, but she got no response.
	David ordered his assistant, Allen Zhang, to look at Stacy. He was a man with a cold face, and his expression didn't change even if Stacy kept crying inside.
	"Let me out, daddy. Are you crazy? Why do you lock me in the room?" Stacy was still shouting, but still ignored.
	The servants could not bear to hear that, but they dared not approach the room with Allen's cold face.
	This was exactly what David wanted. He worried that the servant would be too kind to release his daughter when he was absent.
	"Allen, take good care of her. I'm going out," David ordered Allen. Although Allen was cold, he showed great respect for his boss.
	Allen nodded, and his face gave people a feeling that he was reliable.
	Stacy became more and more desperate in the room, and her voice was almost hoarse. In the past, David had been most worried about her, but today he brought her these.
	She felt this was her worst birthday. Thinking of what had happened yesterday, Stacy was even more heartbroken. It seemed that his father was trying to prevent her from being with Jerry.
	But what Stacy didn't know was that David knew all about these because of a phone call from last night.
	After moving back to the Gu's mansion, Jonas had been paying close attention to Jerry. Noticing that he was acting unusually recently, he wondered whether he should ask someone to investigate him.
	The day before Stacy's birthday.
	Due to the bad mood of Melinda these days in the Gu's mansion, Jonas tried his best to find more time to accompany her.
	Melinda had a sudden impulse to make cakes and pastries herself today, and she wanted Jonas to be the laboratory rat for eating. When Jonas got home, the first thing he saw was a mess in the kitchen, and a touch of uneasiness on Melinda's face.
	He approached the oven, took out some failed food from it and put it into his mouth calmly.
	"It's delicious. My wife is awesome," Jonas said with praise and almost swallowed it. The taste was unique and he did not want to taste the aftertaste.
	Hearing this, Melinda thought that Jonas was good at telling a lie.
	At the same time, she felt a little depressed. She was not bad at cooking, but it was the first time she had cooked such a thing.
	Since she was pregnant, all her skills had declined.
	"Throw it away, or else you'll have a stomachache," Melinda said in a depressed tone as she stopped Jonas. Jonas found that she was upset. "Baby, it's all your fault. You've stolen all of Mommy's skills, didn't you?" said Jonas, trying to comfort her.
	Of course, Jonas was the one who could see most clearly about the change of Melinda.
	In the end, the kitchen was also cleaned by Jonas. The servants who had been waiting outside felt a little stiff on their faces when they saw this scene. They didn't know what kind of expression they should put on.
	The eldest son of a rich family could do such cleaning work. It was really surprising.
	"Your phone rings." Melinda was eating fruits leisurely. Their phone rings were the same. She thought it was her phone a moment ago.
	"Answer it for me." In the meantime, Jonas was washing his hands and couldn't hold his cellphone. Putting down the fruit, Melinda took it out of his trouser pocket and then put it on his ear.
	Then Melinda noticed that there was a change in Jonas's face. Looking at his stiff look, Melinda felt that the phone had been hung up!
	"What's wrong?" she asked confusedly. She put the phone back to his pocket and saw that Jonas had returned to normal.
	"Someone called and said that Jerry was going to propose to Stacy by chance," said Jonas. Then he quickly cleaned up the kitchen and took Melinda back to his bedroom.
	As soon as Jerry proposed to Stacy, he would tell David right away and ask him to stop them!
	As soon as they got back to the bedroom, Jonas made a call to tell the news to David, hoping that he would get ready. David was worried that it might be a fake news, but Jonas dispelled his doubt with a few words.
	"Not many people know my phone number, and it's true that Jerry has been acting strange recently."
Chapter 314 Wanton
	The last thing that David did interrupted Jerry's plan. Jerry had been waiting at the hotel for a whole day, and finally David came.
	And there was a disdainful sneer in David's voice.
	He did it secretly. If it was found out by someone, it could only be Jonas. Jerry would secretly write down Jonas's trouble in his mind.
	He must teach Jonas a lesson and let him know he was not a man to be trifled with.
	After thinking for a while, Jerry found that it was not appropriate to do something with his own situation, so he found Emily who hadn't appeared for a long time.
	Emily had been hiding herself these days, so he couldn't see her. Fans on Weibo who usually commented her in the beginning now were completely silent.
	It could be said that she had been extremely popular for the time being. At this moment, she had been gradually forgotten by people. When people mentioned her again, all they remembered were only those dirty news.
	"What brings you here today?"
	When Emily saw the caller ID on the screen was Jerry, she was a little shocked. Since the last contact, the two of them seemed to have no cooperation.
	She only came to meet Melinda for once but ended up with defeat. In the end, she was warned by Queena.
	What scared Emily most was what Jonas did. He really wanted her to die. She still remembered the feeling of being drowned.
	She was one step away from death.
	"Do you remember our cooperation?" Jerry said insidiously. Thinking of what happened to Emily last time, he guessed that it was probably because of what happened last time, so she did not act until now.
	What a coward woman.
	"What's your plan?"
	Hearing this, Emily's eyes brightened and became excited. Although she was afraid of Jonas, the hatred in her heart was deeper.
	It was said that people who had experienced death would not be afraid of death. At this time, Emily probably was in this status. After a while, she was less and less afraid of death.
	No one knew what would happen the next second. All she wanted to do was to do something crazy.
	"No." Jerry just wanted to deal with Jonas, but he didn't do the specific plan. He believed that Emily was good at it.
	Emily now just needed a support, and he would be satisfied as long as he gave her a promise.
	But now, things had really changed between them. He used to count on Emily as his backer, and he asked her to get the money. But now, things were different.
	This feeling was inexplicably pleasant to Jerry.
	"Then why did you call me?" Emily was displeased when she heard this. She had thought that there was a good plan, but it turned out that there was nothing.
	She really couldn't wait to see Melinda suffer. What she had gone through must be a thousand times or even a hundred times harder for Melinda to suffer.
	'Jonas, you risked your life protecting her, but I want to destroy her.'
	The madness in Emily's eyes destroyed the world. If someone passed by at this moment, he would definitely think that she was a mad person.
	"I can give you some money as long as you threaten Jonas." As Jerry spoke, he accurately caught Emily's heart.
	At this time, she was short of money too. Without the ability to make money as she used to, and she was used to profligacy. It could be said that she was really trapped in money.
	"Give me money? How much is it?" Emily really worried that if Jerry sent her away like a beggar, then the loss would outweigh the gain.
	Besides, she had even threatened Jonas with her life.
	"Don't worry. If you threaten him and make me win in this war, you will get a lot of money," said Jerry, with greedy in his eyes. This was what he had always longed for.
	Obviously, Emily was persuaded, but she was still a little hesitant.
	Seeing this, Jerry said, "As long as you threaten him, you'll get a lot of money. And I'll be responsible for everything you do and I promise nobody will be hurt. What do you think?"
	If Emily refused now, she thought that there must be something wrong with her brain. She could do crazy things and someone would bear the consequences. Therefore, such a good thing fell on her.
	"Okay, I promise you. If you break your promise, I don't mind dying together with you,"
	Emily said sternly, because Jerry was a man who had used her like this before.
	Jerry just sneered and said nothing. In the end, he said, "I'm waiting for your good news. Don't let me down."
	Jerry could be considered as Emily's life-saving card, which could also be regarded as stimulating Emily to do anything she wanted.
	Since she was rescued, there were many restrictions on her movement. She wanted to fight back, but now she had to depend on that man.
	The next day, Emily couldn't wait to find Melinda since she did wanton things, which made Emily felt that she had come to life.
	Though living in the Gu's mansion, Melinda often went out because she did not like this kind of depression, as if she had become a place to live.
	That day, after Melinda accompanied Jonas to the company, she felt bored, so she wandered in the nearby shopping mall alone. Mother to be was fond of maternal and infant shops, and she was no exception.
	Most of the stuff in the maternal and infant shops were adorable, and the clothes were comfortable. Melinda's fingers were tender. She could feel that which was bad when she touched these clothes.
	Melinda strolled in the shop. She liked playing with the toys and was happy to do some new research on them.
	The line was full of children's toys. Melinda turned around and looked back, but she almost screamed out when she saw the child's model, who was placed there before, was covered with blood. There seemed to be a strange light at the corner of its mouth.
	It was obvious that not only Melinda found this. The scene was in chaos. Melinda gradually calmed down, and she saw a familiar figure outside the wardrobe.
	She wanted to catch up, but when she thought of the bloody child model, she felt a thrill of horror and dared not take one more step.
	'It must be done by Emily! And she must be targeting on me!'
	"Miss, I'm sorry. There's something wrong with our shop. Now we need to close it. Please cooperate." The shop assistant looked at Melinda with a frightened expression. She was also frightened by the scene just now.
	The model was supposed to be covered with clothes, but they didn't expect that it would be like this under the clothes. The most frightening thing was that they found nothing from the surveillance video.
	Melinda left the shop in a hurry. She had an answer in her mind, but she didn't dare to tell anyone.
	However, it was not the first time. In the next few days, similar scenes occurred again and again. However, it was strange that it was a big event, but there was no news report on it.
	Emily had used the most terrible means to treat the child model, and Melinda was even more afraid that Emily would do something bad to her baby.
	Gradually, she began to feel afraid of going out. Staying at home all day long, she also seemed to have a lot of things on her mind. Jonas thought it was because she didn't want to stay at home, so he took her out more often.
	Jonas had asked Melinda to go shopping, but she had begun to feel resistant. However, in order not to make Jonas worry about her, she still went to the shopping mall as if nothing had happened.
	She habitually looked around, trying to find Emily.
	This time, she felt it was not so simple. Not long ago, Emily behaved herself. Why did she become active again?
	The only possible explanation was that someone was helping her. Without thinking, Melinda guessed it must be Jerry.
	But it was just her guess. So she couldn't tell anyone.
	The business in the shopping mall had some impact these days, but the flow of too many people was still unbearable. Especially, Melinda appeared rather small in the crowd.
	But soon the crowd began to move, as if something had happened just now, and Melinda was not the kind of person who liked to join in the mess, so she did not care about it.
	"It seems that she had a miscarriage. She is crying so sadly."
	All of a sudden, a person passed by the side of Melinda covered his mouth and whispered. The people around him nodded busily.
	Hearing the two sensitive words "pregnant woman" and "miscarriage", Melinda was dazzled again. The two of them would not be so cruel and merciless to threaten her in such a way of hurting others.
	However, Melinda underestimated the ruthlessness of Jerry and Emily. This time, the pregnant woman was arranged by Emily. She was a young girl who was playing around the world. She was accidentally pregnant but had no money for an abortion. Not knowing who was the baby's father, she was taken advantage of by Emily.
	Since she was rich now, she could do whatever she wanted.
	In the evening, when Melinda came back home, she was in a trance.
	Seeing this, Nelson could not help but feel a little worried. He looked at Jonas, as if asking him what was going on. Poor Jonas, though accompanied her every day, had no idea what happened to her.
	Queena looked at Melinda inquisitively, seeming to want to see something from her face.
	It was Alston who was out of character. Seeing that Melinda was absent-minded, he asked directly, "Melinda, is there something wrong with you recently?"
	She seemed to be absent-minded and expressionless, and the people who didn't know the truth might think the daughter-in-law of the Gu family was a fool.
	Suddenly, hearing such a caring question of Alston, Melinda finally had some consciousness and began to think about how to answer it.
	But her eyes fell subconsciously on Jerry.
	The look in her eyes was somewhat meaningful, but Jerry stayed calm and acted as if he knew nothing about it.
	"Nothing." In order not to let others worry about her, Melinda finally licked her lips and said softly. As Grandpa said, since she had returned, she must make herself stronger. 
Chapter 315 May Be Depressed
	At the moment when Melinda's eyes fell on Jerry, Jonas smelt something wrong. With an excuse, he wiped the corner of her mouth, and whispered in her ear, "What's wrong?"
	What Melinda was doing now really scared Jonas.
	It was not a good time to talk about this now. Melinda just smiled at Jonas, indicating that they could talk about it later.
	The dinner was a little boring. Looking at Melinda, Queena was worried. When they finished eating, Queena said directly to Melinda, "Mellie, go out for a walk with me later."
	The moment Melinda heard of going out for a walk, she thought of the horrible experience of this period, and she began to fear. She resisted these things from the bottom of her heart.
	Jonas noticed that there was something wrong with Melinda, and said to Queena, "You have to prepare for going out. My wife is so beautiful, and she has to dress up a little ugly, so she can't be watched by others."
	As soon as he finished saying that, he pulled Melinda towards the bedroom of the two people, where she told everything that had happened these days in detail to Jonas.
	Feeling angry and pitiful, Jonas held Melinda in his arms and sighed helplessly.
	"You should have told me these things earlier."
	Jonas didn't expect that Emily would have the nerve to provoke Melinda after she almost died. Thinking of that Melinda was angry with him because of Emily last time, Jonas felt that it was not worth it.
	"I didn't think too much at that time. However, such thing would happen wherever I went these days. Jon, are those people suffering because of me?"
	Melinda felt sad for those people. Since she was kind and self-condemned, Jonas felt sorry for her.
	"It's not your fault. These are just accidents. Our baby will be fine. Don't worry," comforted Jonas. In fact, he was also scared.
	If these methods were used on Melinda and the baby, Jonas thought he would really go crazy.
	"How about Mommy?" Melinda asked anxiously. Queena had done enough. There was really no need to bother her.
	"Do you dare not go out?"
	At this moment, Jonas finally understood why Melinda didn't dare to go out and why she was so afraid. When he said this, it made him feel a little sorry.
	"Yes."
	In front of Jonas, Melinda didn't need to pretend, and she frankly acknowledged her fear.
	"Don't be afraid, and don't be afraid of Emily, I will help you solve all these," said Jonas, telling Melinda to wait for him in the room, and he was going to see Queena alone.
	Seeing his intention, Melinda grabbed the corner of his clothes in a hurry, and frowned, making Jonas want to put the best things in the world in front of her.
	"Are you going to see Mommy now?"
	Melinda asked. She was wearing a creamy white dress, which made her skin look fairer and her hair look pitch black.
	Her eyes looked so innocent that no one could help protecting her.
	Jonas had no resistance to Melinda at all when she acted like this.
	"Yes, we won't go for a walk tonight." Jonas nodded to show his agreement. Melinda tightly grasped the hem of his coat and Jonas held her hand.
	The man's palms were relatively broad, like his back. Every time Melinda leaned on it, she felt especially relieved.
	Her hand was as small and delicate as her body, fair and tender as if the line could cut open a wound.
	"Don't tell mommy about it. She would worry about me but could do nothing," Melinda said to Jonas, and he nodded again.
	Since Jonas left, Melinda could only wait in the bedroom, although she was also curious about how Jonas helped her to put off the after dinner activity.
	"She has walked a lot of the way to the company with me, and she hasn't had an easy time recently. It's a relaxing time tonight, so there's no need to go out," said Jonas, who was unlike him in speaking with a glib tongue.
	But he was Jonas. Queena just felt her son in front of her was possessed, but then thought that all this seemed to be normal for the sake of Melinda.
	"Why can't we take a walk? Besides, people say that it's good for health to go for a walk after dinner," Queena spoke out her theory, as if she had to go out with Melinda tonight, or she wouldn't give up.
	Seeing this, Jonas felt a little bit guilty, but he still said with a serious expression, "There are so many mosquitoes outside. My wife's skin is delicate and can't stand it."
	"You mean my skin is rough?" Hearing this, Queena opened her eyes wide and looked at her son who had desire of winning in front of his wife.
	"Mommy, you know that's not what I meant." Seeing the childish behavior of his mother, Jonas was at a loss what to do.
	"Well, if she doesn't want to take a walk, then we won't go." Queena understood him and said, but she felt a little strange in her heart. Melinda could handle it by just telling her such things. Why would she let Jonas come now?
	Jonas's words made her more confused. When she thought of Melinda's situation, a bad feeling came up in her mind.
	She had planned to ask Jonas what had happened to her, but she didn't expect that as soon as she agreed, Jonas couldn't wait to go back and look for Melinda.
	The next day, Queena prepared the mosquito proof thing for Melinda, and asked her out again, but she was rejected again. However, Melinda had not gone out for the whole day, or in other words, she had not left the bedroom except the time for meals.
	People were starting to wonder if Melinda was staying at home. The situation eased a little after Jonas came back home.
	After comforting Melinda, Jonas was called to Queena's bedroom by Queena. She looked very serious.
	Jonas walked cautiously. He did it not because he was afraid, but because he respected his mother.
	"Mommy, what can I do for you?"
	Jonas still felt a little embarrassed staying in Queena's bedroom,. If possible, the place he was more willing to stand was the study.
	"Jonas, do you feel that something is wrong with Mellie recently?"
	Queena asked. She could see that, of course, Jonas, who slept next to her, must find it.
	Hearing this, Jonas shook his head certainly after thinking for a while. His wife had said that he couldn't tell his mother, so he had to hide it.
	"I don't think it's a big deal." Jonas was lying. The situation was very bad, but he couldn't let his mother worry about them.
	In order to get along with his father, his mother had been too tired recently. It was not necessary to tell her the things he could handle by himself.
	"You boys are too careless. If you have time, please pay more attention to Mellie. It seems that she has an antenatal depression,"
	Queena said. It's always easy for pregnant women to think about these things.
	Melinda had a heavy heart recently, as if she had been depressed.
	Queena was very worried, especially when Jonas thought it was not a big deal, she was even more worried.
	Her depression was hard to tell. If she waited for too long, her condition would get worse. Then it would be worse.
	Seeing his mother so serious, Jonas could not help laughing. Maybe he was really careless in other people's eyes, but he absolutely could not be more careful when it came to Melinda.
	"Linda has been pregnant for only three months. She can't have this disease. Mommy, don't think too much,"
	Jonas answered. The reason why one suffered the antenatal depression was that she thought she was not cared enough for. Everyone around her only cared about her children and she seemed to be a tool for them to give birth.
	Those pessimistic ideas, with her heavier body, made her feel very uncomfortable and easy to become depressed.
	Queena was very angry when she saw Jonas spoke in such a careless tone. "But what about Melinda? How do you explain that?"
	"It is early. It's easy to find that she is not depressed," said Jonas. It was actually easy to explain the situation to her, but he couldn't.
	"Whether she is suffering from depression or not, we will give her a check-up," Queena said alone, thinking it was necessary to have a check-up on Melinda.
	Every pregnant woman had to be checked up once they felt uncomfortable.
	Meanwhile, Jonas was scared by his mother's seriousness. He had come to ask her to forget it, but why it seemed to be getting more and more serious.
	"Mommy, don't make it worse. What if Linda get depression because of you?"
	Jonas frowned and said helplessly. Linda had been frightened a lot in the past two days. It was harmful to her spirit.
	Queena thought it was reasonable, but still felt there was something wrong. Then she stubbornly said, "This is for her good, and Linda will accept it."
	Jonas couldn't persuade Queena, and he was almost persuaded by her. In the end, he returned to the bedroom and wanted to say it to Melinda, so that she was at least prepared.
	However, when he returned to the bedroom, he found that Melinda had already fallen asleep with his pillow in her arms. The dark circles under her eyebrows made him feel that she hadn't had a good sleep at all.
	All his thousands of words turned into a touch of pity in his heart. Jonas felt a little guilty and powerless, so he stood at the bedside and looked at Melinda blankly for a long time. Finally, he replaced the position of a pillow, and fell asleep with his beloved wife in his arms.
	The next morning, when everyone was having breakfast, Queena proposed directly to take Melinda to the hospital, and her reaction was almost the same as she guessed.
	Although she was a little scared, she agreed for the sake of the child.
Chapter 316 Mental Problem
	During the breakfast, the atmosphere became a little dull and Melinda had a bad appetite. Seeing this, Jonas felt worried.
	He really wanted to take her to the hospital, but he had to be there for something very important to deal with in the company today.
	"Have you contacted the hospital?" Alston put down the chopsticks in his hand and asked Queena. His eyebrows wrinkled tightly, as if they had never stretched out.
	He always cared about too much, letting himself live in a state of tension at every moment. So he stood together with Queena, was a couple but were brother and sister. He looked a little old, but it was fortunate that he had a good appearance.
	Queena enjoyed her breakfast in a leisurely manner. After a long time when Alston was about to explode, she replied slowly: "I made a temporary decision last night. I haven't made an appointment yet."
	There was a hospital in the Soaring Group. Queena thought they would be there soon.
	But he didn't think so. When the Gu family went to have a check, they needed the best doctor to wait there. At most, there were only some doctors on duty.
	It was not the case for those experts.
	"Gavin, make a arrange." He ordered the Butler, leaving no time for him to react.
	Sitting quietly next to Jonas, Melinda ate what he was trying to get into her bowl.
	"I'll come to you when I'm done with my work in the company, okay?" Jonas lowered his head and whispered to her. His voice was very magnetic and gentle, like the black record of the past, every word felt like a story.
	"Yes."
	She was a sensible woman. Only when Jonas was there could she feel safe. If he could accompany her to face these things, it would be the best.
	She was very clear that she was not pregnant with depression, but now her condition was really like depression.
	She was confused. After the breakfast, Gavin arranged a car for them, and a servant followed them.
	Queena and Melinda sat in the back seat of the car. After they entered the car, Mo Lian began to be in a daze again. As the car went away from the Gu's mansion, she even began to get nervous, She was really worried. The car stopped suddenly and said what had happened there. It was a pity that the victims were children.
	"Honey, take it easy. We just need to have a check-up." She comforted her with soothing words, but Queena felt more certain that she was ill.
	"Having a baby is a tough task for all women. As long as you get through it, you'll be fine."
	She said to Melinda that she had experienced the same thing. She was also nervous when she was pregnant with Jonas. At that time, as if to frighten herself, she watched numerous news about the pregnant woman's accidents and the process of giving birth to the baby.
	The thought that it took a long time for her to give birth to the baby through her uterine cervix to be dilated to ten fingers brought about a burst of cold sweat on her forehead. She had endured the torment for that period of time.
	"I know." Melinda nodded and said. Being a mother was the most proud thing for every woman. It was a super happy thing to give birth to a baby that belonged to her love in her life.
	"Well. Don't overthink it, okay?"
	Queena continued to persuade Melinda. Although she was not in a bad mood because of her pregnancy, she felt happy now.
	Queena was sincerely comforting himself and being good to her in her way.
	When she thought of the unhappiness between them in the past, she felt that it had been a lifetime. In fact, Queena loved her as she loved Jonas, so she was nice to her now.
	At this time, she felt very happy, even if this happiness was coveted by someone.
	"It's so strange. You didn't do that before, but why did you get so serious this time?" Yao Qin said in a low voice but soon understood.
	Perhaps, the first two children of her were not protected, so she was particularly stressed. She was worried that something unexpected would happen to the two children, and took them away from her.
	"Thank you, Mommy." Melinda reached out and held Queena, feeling the warmth in it.
	Melinda hadn't been to her father's for a long time. Perhaps she hadn't acted like a spoiled child with her family for a long time. At this time, she really couldn't control herself. She wanted to go up to hug her and say thanks to her.
	Queena was stunned by this action. She pat Melinda's body slowly, a smile appearing on her lips.
	However, she felt more and more heavy in her heart. She believed that it must be prenatal depression, or else why would she become so dependent on jer.
	The car was still moving on the road slowly. Melinda gradually calmed down. The hospital owned by Soaring Group was very splendid, and the Gu family, the biggest shareholder, was personally greeted by the director of the hospital.
	"Mrs. Gu, welcome, Mrs. Gu." The director greeted with a smile, but there was no intentional flattery or flattery, which made people feel comfortable.
	Queena was well aware of advance and retreat, so she must give a face to the director.
	"I just took Mellie here for an examination, and you came to pick me up in person. It's all my pleasure." Queena said. Then she held 's hand and introduced her to the him. Melinda was a little absent-minded, but fortunately, she was polite.
	"My ladies, the specialist outpatient clinic has been arranged. This way, please." The director said, personally leading the way for them. There was an elevator in the hospital, and the floor where Melinda was going to go was higher. The Dean was talking with a smile in the elevator.
	In fact, she also wanted to get the investment from Soaring Group for the sake of them.
	"What's going on? Don't speak so loudly in the hospital." When the director of the hospital led them out of the elevator, they heard a loud noise not far away, and there were many onlookers nearby.
	The nurse who was passing by suddenly stopped by the director. She stood still and finally told the situation. "A pregnant woman had antenatal depression and had been beating her belly. Now she might have miscarried."
	Melinda swayed. She began to feel dizzy. What did she mean by pregnant women and depression?
	In an instant, she looked around and saw a familiar figure in the corner of a wall. Her lips curved into a disgusting smile.
	"Send someone to deal with it as soon as possible. Don't make it a big deal." The director said with a frown. What a bad luck for him.
	He saw that Queena and Melinda in a bad mood. Seeing that, he was even more worried. If she went back and said something bad to Jonas, he might not be able to be a qualified director.
	Since Melinda came back to the Gu family, almost everybody knew that she was the only love of Jonas.
	The expert arranged by the Dean had been waiting after he got the phone call. His task was very simple today. As long as he could examine only Melinda.
	But this was difficult to deal with. If it was a bad result, he might lose his job.
	Although he felt a sharp pain in his head, he could do nothing about it. Many women with prenatal depression were like this and had a strange temper. He didn't know what happened to Mrs. Gu.
	From the first sight he saw her, he had a very heavy mind, then he felt that she should be a person with a gentle temper and a feeling of South women.
	"This is Dr. He, the expert in our hospital." The director introduced to them, and under the guidance of Queena, Melinda sat down on the sofa in the reception.
	There were some elite hospitals belonging to Soaring Group. It could be known what happened after looking into the doctor's office.
	Though dressed in pinkish purple clothes, Melinda didn't look much better, the specialist was relieved to find that she was gentle and polite.
	"I might need to have a private talk with Mrs. Gu to learn about her condition. Later, I need your cooperation to confirm my thoughts."
	The expert said. And Queena cooperated him very well. The director happened to invite Queena to come to his office to have a cup of tea and chat with him.
	With the expert's inquiry, she was a little panic at the beginning and every word she said was a little hesitant.
	However, when the experts asked her about pregnancy, she was very normal and did not seem to be prenatal depression at all.
	The expert was confused at first, and then speculated that he might get in the wrong direction.
	When Queena came back, Melinda sat by her side tiredly, with a faint smile on her face. The expert was very kind to her, He just asked a few simple questions about her.
	"Mrs. Gu, I suppose that Mrs. Gu don't have prenatal depression." The expert made the final diagnosis and told Queena his analysis. Queena heard it in a vague way, but she still got the key point.
	"If she didn't have prenatal depression, what caused it? Was she frightened or something else? "
	"I don't think so. Mrs. Gu, you are so thoughtful. I suggest that you should consult a psychologist." The expert said, these were beyond his ability.
	Although it was related to mentality, he wasn't professional in that.
	"Okay, I'll take her there." Queena said seriously. She felt that Melinda was in a more serious situation than she had expected, and realized that she was in the wrong direction. Those comfort might not work, and might aggravate the sadness in her heart.
	Queena blamed herself but she could do nothing as things had happened.
	Queena went to the counselor recommended by Dr. He without saying anything.
Chapter 317 Encouraging Melinda
	The light of the room upset Melinda. She also felt uncomfortable.
	The psychotherapist was a woman, whose facial features were mixed, and her eyes were bright as if they could penetrate her heart.
	This feeling of being seen through at any time made her have no secrets to hide.
	She was even more resistant, but she didn't want to waste Queena's time, so she had to obey her arrangement.
	This was a small chat room, but it was bright and colorful.
	The two sat face to face. Melinda was somewhat reserved. The counsellor smiled to her usual and stretched out his hand to introduce himself, "nice to meet you. My name is Isla Mi."
	"Melinda Mo."
	"Mrs. Gu, don't be so nervous. Just take it as a chat." The woman in front of her was not her friend. They had never met before. So Melinda can't do that easily.
	But Isla had seemed to be warm and sweet, which made people want to get close to her.
	She felt that her mind was getting more and more confused, and then she seemed to fall into an unknown space, and the crystal lamp beside her emitted a soft glow.
	"How have you been lately?" Isla asked in a low voice, as if she was worried that she disturbed Melinda who was in the dream. This was not hypnosis, but it had the same effect as that. It could make people relax and speak out what they really thought.
	"No, not good." Melinda frowned subconsciously and then lost like a spoiled child. "She is always in my life, making me very uncomfortable."
	"Who is she?" Isla got the key point and continued to ask. Melinda's expression turned a little ugly, as if she was struggling about something that made her extremely painful.
	"Take a deep breath and relax yourself. She's not scared at all. There are many people around you to protect you." However, Isla frowned slightly at the sight of her reaction.
	"She has appeared in my life almost everywhere. I hate her for ruining my life again and again." Melinda said angrily, then she leaned against the sofa in a trance, and Isla was in a cold sweat.
	Seeing that Melinda was gradually recovering, Isla felt grateful that nothing bad had happened to her just now. Otherwise, she might lost her job by now.
	"Mrs. Gu, have some water."
	Isla's assistant poured a glass of water for her. In fact, there were soothing drugs in the water. Isla, in fact, had a habit that she would give a glass of water to the patients after each communication to ease their emotions.
	"Thank you."
	Mo Lian took it and drank it slowly. She did feel a little thirsty, or even a little dazed, as if nothing had happened.
	"Mrs. Gu, do you have a lot of troubles lately? I have noticed that you are frowning all the time. Are you bothered by something? "
	It was as if nothing had happened just now, and Isla began to ask Melinda about what had happened recently.
	"It's normal. Everyone has trouble."
	She was trying to protect herself.
	"Yes, you're right. But I think we need to solve the problem and get rid of it. In that case, I might tell you that you will be relaxed if you say them out. You can try."
	Isla said. Melinda hesitated with a flash of hesitation in her eyes. It was really exhausting to bear these alone.
	She was always worried that she and her child would get into trouble.
	"In fact, some troubles are not as stubborn as we think. Maybe you will dissipate by going out to sing a song and having a drink."
	Michelle said, with a graceful and friendly smile on her face.
	"I do have some problems recently, but I think I can solve them by myself."
	Thinking of her solution to avoid going out, and grandfather told her not to be afraid and to face it directly, Melinda fell into a conflict.
	"But you haven't solved it very well. You are looking for a better solution. Why don't you try to ask others for help?" Isla could easily judge a person's feelings from facial expression.
	In this way, she chatted with Melinda and gained a lot of information. Outside the room, there was a Queena waiting for them anxiously.
	"What's going on, honey?" Yao Qin was worried when she saw Melinda come out. She had been in there for a long time this time. Was there really mental problem?
	"I'm fine." Mo Lian shook her head with a smile. It was relaxed to say out for a while, but the shackles in her heart were even heavier. She had no idea what to do at this moment.
	She didn't want others to worry about her, but she had already become a troublemaker.
	"Here is the thing, Mrs. Gu." Isla said to Queena while recording Melinda's situation. Her eyes were as bright as stars, which attracted Queena's attention involuntarily.
	"Her condition is actually not serious, but she doesn't feel good. Probably it has something to do with the people she has met recently."
	"This must be a man who had hurt her deeply, and who was now trying to hurt her again, and he could appear around her at any time as a kind of threat in disguise."
	Queena heard that and subconsciously thought of Jerry. He was the only person who responded toIsla's analysis.
	He had hurt Melinda and appeared by her side.
	"I told her to avoid the man, or to face him." Isla said with a bright smile. The smile at the corner of her mouth was like the bright sunshine, but it made people feel something was wrong. As expected, she said again, "but I think it's better to face a problem than to escape."
	"I see. Thank you." Queena said with a serious expression, and then left the psychological consulting room with Melinda
	The sun was dazzling outside, but she hid her eyes with her short hair. Because of what had happened recently, she no longer wanted to get into the outer world, no matter how dark, or bright.
	"Honey, did he threaten you?" Queena asked angrily. She was a little confused. Then she thought Queena was referring to Jerry, so he shook his head.
	However, this made Queena feel that Jerry must have done something bad, and the counselor just said that he didn't need to do anything, and as long as he appeared by the side of Melinda, it would be the biggest threat.
	"You must tell me at once if such thing happens in the future. Don't be afraid, okay? You have my back. "
	Queena said softly, but the posture of protecting Melinda was also domineering. Even a son of a mistress dared to come up to her to make troublesome.
	Hearing this, Melinda felt warm in her heart. Then she nodded. Queena protected her, which reminded her of her mother. It's so good.
	No matter what you have encountered or what you are afraid of, you will not be alone.
	"In the past, I thought you were a narrow-minded person, but I thinknow you are a silly girl. If you meet any problem, you hide frome it. Don't forget that you are in Gu family, and Gu's mansion is your home, not Jerry."
	Queena said. She thought people really needed to get to know each other. In the past, she thought that Melinda was obsessed with the property of Jonas. Now she knew that she didn't care about these at all.
	She always dealt with things by herself and didn't like to bother others. Such a temperament was really pitiful.
	"It's not a big deal." Melinda felt a little embarrassed.
	Although she said so, Queena didn't agree.
	Queena secretly decided that she must get rid of Jerry, the tumor of his life, when he came back.
	"Jerry is just a loser and he can't defeat Jonas, so you don't have to be too scared with these tricks. No one in the Gu family dares to hurt you."
	Queena said, comforting her. In her heart, she also regretted that he didn't drive Jerry away and letbefore they go back to the Gu's mansion. It was lucky that Melinda found the. situation in time.
	"Yes, I believe in him." She always had a kind of mysterious confidence in her own men. She couldn't help smiling when she talked about Jonas.
	Queena was delighted when she saw this. At the same time, she thought, things are really different when the people in love are together. I can't help but feel sad for the result that Alston are of profit.
	With the accompany and encouragement of Queena, Melinda was much more relaxed. She tried her best to make herself happy and don't think too much.
	What Emily had done was to torture her. She couldn't let her be complacent. Moreover, as long as she paid attention to her own things and did not pay attention to her surroundings, it was no big deal.
	The two of them walked on the narrow path of the hospital, talking and laughing. Queena said that she wanted to take a walk with Melinda in the evening so that she could relax. This time, Melinda did not refuse, but directly agreed.
	Queena thought it was all because of Jerry. When the driver drove over, she gave a call to Alston.
	The phone rang for a long time before it was picked up, and there was some noise at the other end of the line. Queena frowned subconsciously.
	The voice on the other end of the phone gradually faded away, and it was from Alston. "What's wrong? Aren't you going to the hospital with Melinda?"
	After she was pregnant, he seemed to care about her. Now he also asked questions about her. Queena was angry about the results of today's examination.
	"Alston, let me make it clear today. No matter what the cost is, you must drive Jerry out of our family. He is a disaster."
	Queena said excitedly. Hearing that Queena was protecting her, Melinda put her hand on his wrist to calm her down.
	"What the hell are you doing?" When Alston heard this, he frowned even more. It had been a long time since that thing happened. How could she bring it up now?
	"I'm not kidding you." Queena said slowly, and every word was almost squeezed out of her teeth. 
Chapter 318 The Same As Her Mother
	"Well, don't mention it again."
	Alston's voice changed at this moment, with a faint touch of anger, and then he hung up before Queena spoke.
	No matter how hostile Queena was, in his opinion, she was just making trouble out of nothing.
	The secretary by his side carefully spied on his face, and began to be trembling. Queena, who had been hung up, was also in a rage, but finally suppressed in front of Melinda.
	She promised to Melinda, "Don't worry. I will drive all the people who are against you and Jonas out of the Gu family."
	Melinda just nodded, instead she felt sorry for Queena. She seemed powerful, but in fact, she was warm sometimes.
	However, her temperament also caused her experience, which was hard to get rid of. Queena finally had today, but she couldn't get along well with her husband, which was inevitable a sad thing.
	When the two returned home, Jerry was still there. As long as he was in the crowd, he would always maintain a gentle expression and a proper manner, making people feel comfortable.
	However, this kind of comfort, for Melinda, was an embarrassed torture.
	With the help of a psychologist, Melinda gradually became less interested in those pessimistic things and didn't want herself to think too much.
	In spare time, Melinda dared to go out alone even without the company of Queena. Sometimes she went for a walk, sometimes she went to a psychologist to relax herself.
	Melinda found that every time she talked with the psychologist, she would always be in an extreme relaxed state.
	"You look much better these days." Isla was very happy that Melinda had become better. At the begining, she had resisted, but now she actively cooperated, which was really shocking.
	Melinda felt a little embarrassed by her words. She thanked Isla and then left the consulting room. The consulting room was not in the hospital, but in a building. Thinking that it was not far from Jonas's company, Melinda wanted to give him a surprise.
	A City was a commercial city, which not only showed by high buildings, but also showed by the tourism. Most of the time, the environment here was romantic.
	She would pass a park on the way to the Soaring Group. Although it was a working day, there were still many lovers in the park.
	Melinda even saw a somewhat familiar figure.
	The orange dress looked as bright as the smile on Yulia's face. It was the first time that Melinda had seen Yulia smile like this since she knew her.
	She was holding a man's arm. The man, who was about 1.8 meters tall, wore a white shirt and a black suit pants, looked like the leading man in a romantic novel with a smile on his face.
	He looked at Yulia with full of love in his eyes.
	Yulia felt that this man lit up her mood. She suddenly realized that it was all her life again with the man around her. It was him who made her life bright and colorful. It was also him who helped her to come back to her senses.
	She was no longer so confused, like a walking dead.
	She was grateful that she had met him.
	"Do you want to eat ice cream?" The man asked, his lips curving into a warm smile which seemed to match the sun. Although it was just a question, there was a little bit of strength in it.
	But as long as Yulia thought that all this was for her own good, she felt particularly happy.
	"You said too much is bad for my stomach and intestines. I don't want to eat," Yulia said shyly, looking at the man and seeming to be lustful and shy.
	"Good girl," said the man, and then gave a light kiss on the corner of Yulia's mouth as a reward to her, which made Yulia more obsessed.
	The two of them walked along the path of the park, laughing and playing all the time, but the surrounding was full of romantic atmosphere. Seeing that, Melinda was envious.
	At the same time, Yulia also saw Melinda. Although it was not cold, her clothes were thin. She was pregnant, but she did not gain any weight.
	She was so fragile that as if a wind would blow her away at any time. But Yulia knew clearly how strong her heart was under her delicate appearance.
	If it was not so, her proud brother would not fall in love with her.
	"Hello, my sister-in-law."
	She was still holding the man's hand, but there was a bit of respect for the way she called Melinda. Girls always wanted to leave the best side in front of the people they liked.
	Looking at the two people, Melinda nodded her head. She then looked at the man in confusion. Yulia deliberately took the man's arm, introducing him in an intimate way, "This is my boyfriend."
	She felt very proud and happy when she said the word "boyfriend". Hearing this, a smile appeared on the corners of Melinda's mouth. She then greeted the man calmly.
	"Nice to meet you. I'm Yulia's sister-in-law."
	"Nice to meet you, too." The man was polite and respectful to Melinda, making people feel good about him.
	They only shook hands briefly and politely, and then let go. Yulia was happy with his boyfriend's attitude, and then she asked with concern how Melinda was alone outside.
	"I'm going to look for your brother," Melinda said with a smile. Although Yulia knew nothing about the business of the Soaring Group, she knew where it was. So she nodded.
	Melinda didn't stay there much longer. After greeting each other, she left. After leaving the park, Melinda received a call from Queena, asking her when she would be back.
	After all, Melinda was in a special situation. Queena was still worried about her. After thinking for a while, Melinda took a taxi back to the Gu's mansion.
	It was close to dinner time, and the servants were busy in the kitchen. Sometimes, Queena would cook soup in person. Therefore, Melinda had the same habit, so she would go to the kitchen when she had time.
	But now she was pregnant, and was sent out before she entered the kitchen.
	"The soup I made for you is just ready. You can drink it when it gets cold. Go upstairs and freshen up," Queena said happily when she saw Melinda. In fact, she still had contact with Isla. Today, she received a call, saying that Melinda was much better.
	"Okay, thank you, Mommy." Melinda was a little fatigued by the long journey. After cleaning herself up, she drank the soup up obediently.
	Queena stayed with her all the time. In fact, most of the time, this soup was medicine soup, and the taste was always a little strange, so she would talk with Melinda to distract her attention.
	"Mommy, I saw Yulia and her boyfriend today." It suddenly occurred to Melinda. Thinking of this, she said with a little envy.
	Today, when she saw the bright smile on Yulia's face, she felt very envious. Their relationship was always so simple and happy. However, her relationship had not yet been calm.
	When Queena heard the news that Yulia had a boyfriend, she was not surprised, and even a little indifferent, which made Melinda a little afraid.
	Melinda thought that recently, Yulia had been getting along well with Queena, and she had changed. She thought it was good news, so she wanted to share it, but she didn't expect her to be cold in return.
	"Now she is at this age, too," Queena said coldly. When she thought of the party last time, she was so angry that she couldn't carry out the plan because Yulia had been flirting with another man all the time.
	Now that she heard from Melinda that Yulia had a boyfriend, it must be that man.
	Queena just felt that Yulia was like her mother, she had no ability at all. She just wanted to hook up with men, which was something that she looked down upon very much.
	"Mommy, you seem unhappy," Melinda asked tentatively. She also thought when had such a change happened in Queena's attitude towards Yulia.
	In the end, she just felt confused and didn't think too much.
	"I think the man might be the one we met at the party last time." Queena saw that Melinda didn't look well and thought of her attitude just now, so she explained.
	Melinda knew what she meant and said no more.
	Melinda had soup before dinner, and ate the most of the time, just like entertaining guests. After eating, Alston thought that Melinda had a bad appetite, and even cared about her a little, which caused Jerry to frequently look at her.
	Jonas returned home after dinner. The whole family was sitting in the living room and watching news with Nelson as usual. As soon as Jonas came back, Melinda stood up and accompanied him to go upstairs.
	There was a slight smell of alcohol on him, which made Melinda feel uncomfortable. She covered her mouth and nose with her hands and Jonas finally realized that the smell of his own body had made her uncomfortable. He apologized, "I'm sorry, Linda. I promised you not to drink too much."
	Jonas massaged his forehead and didn't know what to do. Some of his partners proposed a toast to him, so he had to bear the toast.
	Melinda understood that but she could not help but think of Yulia's carefree look in her mind. She said with envy, "I think it's great to be like Yulia and her boyfriend. Their love is not bothered by life trivia."
	The reason why Jonas worked so hard was to protect her.
	Hearing that, Jonas was stunned but said nothing. He just rubbed Melinda's head to comfort her.
	Jonas couldn't forget the obvious admiration and longing in Melinda's eyes. Thinking of so many difficulties they had to go through when they were together, he even had to face a threat made by Jerry, and Emily was still lurking in the dark.
	From the day they were together, it seemed that there was no peace in the world. He felt a little guilty, but more he prepared to give Melinda a surprise. 
Chapter 319 Fun After Married
	He wanted her to know that she didn't have to admire other people's love, and that everything was the best arrangement.
	And he would try his best to give her the best.
	But since Jonas was so old, the understanding of romance was almost a waste of time to him.
	It was not easy for him to come up with some brilliant ideas. Therefore, what Jonas was thinking tonight was exactly what he could do to make Melinda happy now.
	It didn't stop until the next morning.
	Jonas got up early as usual, and Melinda also woke up when he returned from the morning run. She always woke up in a daze in the morning, looking very cute. Noticing this, Jonas felt excited, but finally he restrained himself.
	"What are you going to do today?" Since Jonas couldn't be at home, and he wanted to know what Melinda was doing every day, he asked this in the morning before going to work.
	"Well..." After keeping silent for a while, Melinda found that she seemed to have nothing to do. Since she was pregnant, she was more and more likely to be a pig.
	Jonas and Melinda looked at each other and laughed out, as they realized that she was telling the truth.
	As soon as Jonas arrived at the company, he asked Ted to go straight into his office. His face was very serious, making Ted think that something serious was going to happen, so he stopped what he was doing.
	"Ted, what can I do to make my marriage more fun?" When Jonas asked seriously, Ted almost slipped and fell down.
	Then he calmed himself down. He tried to find out Jonas's expression, and guessed why he asked in this way. His pretentious attitude caused a sharp look from Jonas.
	"Boss, don't look at me like this. I didn't expect that the shrewd and competent CEO would be overwhelmed by his life,"
	Ted said innocently. Jonas was a little embarrassed, but he still stared at Ted carefully, hoping that he could be cautious.
	It was such a hard thing to make the marriage fun for Jonas. In his memory, he was a man who couldn't tell love.
	"In fact, the pleasure of marriage is very simple, and any of your sweet words or any action will make people feel happy,"
	Ted said as if he had experienced it. His tone made Jonas want to beat him, but he had to admit that he was indeed not gifted in this respect.
	He even didn't know what to do. He wanted to give Melinda the best, but he had little practical action.
	He could only tell himself what to do silently in his heart, but his words and actions were very weak.
	"Sweet words?" Perplexed, Jonas said. The most touching sweet words he had ever said in his life probably was to tell Melinda that he loved her. Apart from that, there seemed to be no other words that he could think of.
	Seeing boss's expression, Ted guessed that he might be a man who was forthright in love, even at home. Perhaps boss couldn't speak such shameless words in front of boss's wife.
	"Let's not talk about it first. We should focus on these trivial things in my life." The topic was quickly changed, and Ted was thinking whether he should tell his boss everything he knew.
	"Girls all like romance, even if they get married,"
	Ted said seriously, as if he was blaming Jonas for he didn't do romantic things after he managed to get married with his wife.
	As for Jonas, he listened to him very carefully. In his opinion, companionship was the most romantic. Now that he heard it from Ted, he felt that he owed a lot of romantic things that Melinda should own.
	"What should I do?" Jonas asked straightforwardly. Therefore, Ted felt his previous efforts were in vain.
	"The easiest way is to give a gift to her," Ted said. He also searched his memory for Melinda, a very gentle woman, who always had a mild smile on the corners of her mouth, and who was totally different from the CEO, but abnormally matched.
	"A gift is enough?" Jonas asked in confusion. He even looked for it on his desk.
	Ted immediately knew what he was looking for and felt headache. He couldn't talk with his boss in a roundabout way as expected.
	Jonas had a lot of name cards, and many of them were from small stores that had cooperation with the company. Those name cards were left here by some people by accident. As time passed, he simply threw them all away.
	"Don't be so dramatic about the gift. It shouldn't look like an old cliché. Otherwise, there will be no surprise," Ted said. Noticing this, Jonas was more confused. He even blurted out something that made Ted speechless, "Isn't it said that women love drama?"
	This sentence was what Jonas had read from the book of Melinda. Although women were a little tacky about romance, they hoped that such vulgar things would happen to them in their hearts.
	It was an extremely contradictory thought.
	"Anyway, you can't buy flowers or something like that. Mrs. Melinda is pregnant now, so you can try to buy some baby stuff. Of course, you can't forget her, or she will think that you only care about the baby,"
	Ted replied. On the other hand, he was worried that boss might be unable to understand it, so he added some more words to remind him that he not only needed to prepare for the baby, but also for the mother.
	These two kinds of gifts could make the biggest surprise, and it would make people feel that they were cared for, and the baby in their belly was also cared for.
	Ted was totally impressed by himself.
	"Anyway, just do as I say. Show me the father's charm, the young lady will be moved." Ted snapped his fingers and concluded.
	Even though Jonas had no idea how much he understood, what he just heard touched him deeply. He wanted to give a surprise to Melinda.
	So Jonas, who was famous for hard working, was off work today.
	Jonas arrived at the shopping mall near the Soaring Group and went straight to the maternal and infant store. He was still expressionless, but standing in front of the maternal and infant supplies, he was inexplicably cute.
	Many salesladies in the shop immediately noticed the man.
	A lot of people warmly introduced products to him. Jonas felt a lot of flies buzzing in his ears, which made his face even colder.
	His eyes were cold, and a light glance made everyone shut up.
	"I can choose by myself. Don't bother me," said Jonas. His words sounded like pieces of ice, making people feel chilly in the bones.
	He thought that since the gifts were for Melinda and the baby, he had to select them by himself. But they were so noisy, and he didn't know what they were saying.
	With a strong aura, those people immediately scattered and looked far away. Within the radius of two meters from Jonas, there was hardly any sales or customers.
	Jonas had little experience in shopping and was less experienced than the others. At that time, he didn't have anyone to accompany him or guide him, so he was in a dilemma.
	After the saleswoman left, Jonas had browsed online to search for something he saw and liked. The baby hadn't been born, but he looked at those small clothes which were as small as his hand.
	He could almost imagine how small the child was when it was born.
	Jonas almost fell in love with these little things at once, but not buying them randomly. He also paid attention to the quality of the things, and only to buy the good quality.
	When he arrived at the toy area, he was attracted by the exquisite toys. Although it was childish for adults, he felt satisfied at the thought of their child holding these things happily.
	There were also children shops on this floor. In addition to mother and baby stores, there were also children's clothing shops. Jonas bought things one by one and gained a lot.
	Since he couldn't bring all these things by himself, he had to find a way to make people carry them to his car and buy gifts for the child. When Jonas picked out the gifts for Melinda, he almost couldn't restrain his desire to move the whole shop to home.
	And he even began to think whether or not to invest in these industries. It seemed that as the child grew up, he would get what everything wanted. Their child must have the best, and the best thing was that they were made by their own families.
	Jonas returned home with all sorts of thoughts. It was in the afternoon. Melinda was still taking a nap. She curled up in the inner corner. Someone told Jonas that it was a very insecure position.
	Did Linda behave like this when he was away? Full of heartache, Jonas was almost drowned in it. Sitting there silently, he stared at Melinda in a trance.
	After a while, Jonas began to sort out the gifts he brought back and filled the whole bedroom. When Melinda woke up, she almost suspected that she was still in her dream.
	"You are awake." There came a deep magnetic voice of Jonas from the other side of the bed. When Melinda turned around, she saw Jonas and looked at the clock on the wall. She thought she had overslept.
	But it was half past two, when she normally got up during lunch break.
	"Why do you come back so early today?" Melinda looked at the gifts in front of her and looked at Jonas in disbelief.
	"These are for you and the baby. Are you happy?" said Jonas as he cuddled Melinda in his arms. He asked with a teasing smile, but he was trying to conceal his nervousness in this way. In fact, he was worried that he didn't buy well.
	But Melinda's expression was enough to prove everything. She was satisfied with what she saw and had.
	"Yes, so does our baby." She nodded her head firmly. A sense of happiness suddenly overwhelmed her. Even if she was married, her life would still be happy.
	On the contrary, Jonas knew how to get along better than before, which surprised her and made her feel that she didn't need to envy Yulia anymore.
Chapter 320 Happiness
	Melinda's mood was getting better and better day by day. Jonas suddenly realized that married couples needed spice to get along with each other after marriage, which also added a lot of surprises to everyday life.
	Meanwhile, Melinda felt that her happiness rate was soaring these days.
	During this time, Jerry and Emily had been quiet a lot. At least, it was how it was in Melinda's eyes. She went to the villa area next to the Gu's mansion for a walk every day. Where there were so many people, it made people feel safe.
	"Sorry, I have something to deal with at home. Are you okay to go alone?" Queena called Melinda when she was about to go out, and said with some guilt.
	After the meal, she went to take a walk with Melinda every day, but she didn't have time to accompany her now. She was more worried about her being alone.
	However, there were several people living in the villa area that knew the Gu family. Naturally, not many people dared to offend them.
	However, their worries couldn't be alleviated by these external factors. Instead, Melinda was becoming more and more optimistic.
	"It's okay, Mommy. I can do it alone," Melinda said with a smile. She was not in good health, but she felt much better after walking for a long time. At least, she didn't feel so tired after walking for so long.
	Queena's worry disappeared when she saw her like this, but she still worried about Melinda being alone, and finally arranged a servant to accompany her.
	Melinda didn't have the heart to refuse her kindness.
	There was a central garden in the villa area. A lot of people were talking a walk there. They also had pets. These rich people all liked to keep cats and dogs. Cats and dogs made a great noise once they met each other.
	Melinda liked the lively atmosphere, but she didn't join them. She found a quiet place to sit down and have a rest in the park. The servant wanted to help her massaging her legs, but she was stopped by Melinda.
	"Have a seat. You've been gone for such a long time," Melinda said to her in a soft voice. She came from the Gu's mansion and spent half an hour strolling slowly.
	Her smile always gave people a kind feeling. The servant had been working in the Gu's mansion for many years, and she had also bullied Melinda before. At this time, she was almost surrounded by guilt.
	"Thank you, my lady. I'm not tired." The servant stood quietly by Melinda's side, with a respect expression on her face.
	In her own way, Melinda gained respect from Gu family step by step.
	The park was crowded with people. Melinda looked around with curiosity, as if she was a child who came to see the world's prosperity with her child.
	Many people were raising little pets, and their cute appearance attracted many people's attention. Melinda had an urge to keep it, but she finally held it down. She felt that it was unwise to keep a pet now, not to mention raising pets. She had to give birth to the baby in her womb safely and cultivate him well first.
	"Wait for me here. I'll walk along the stone road," Melinda said to the servant. Although she would feel safer with company, she couldn't help but feel uncomfortable, so she told the servant to wait.
	The stone road was not long, and the servant could see her even just standing there. The servant nodded to show that she knew it.
	Melinda liked the feeling of taking off her shoes and stepping on a cobblestone path. There was a cobblestone path in the Gu's mansion which made her a pleasure.
	At the moment, Melinda just walked along the corridor, taking a deep breath of fresh air to relax herself.
	Melinda suddenly stopped. The servant who just sat down startled. She immediately stood up when she saw that Melinda suddenly stopped walking. She thought that Melinda came across something, but she saw that Melinda was staring in the same direction.
	There was street lamp which was near a crown of a tree. At this moment, a man and a woman were hugging each other.
	The servant didn't step forward to interrupt since she thought that Melinda was missing Jonas. However, looking at these two people, Melinda's sight became more complicated. If she remembered correctly, one of them was Yulia's boyfriend.
	She had a good memory, and this man left her a very deep impression. So Melinda was sure that she had not mistaken the wrong person.
	The man in front of her was still elegant and affectionate, but the person standing next to him was not Yulia, but a strange woman, who was hugging and embracing with an intimate behavior.
	With a mixed feeling suddenly, Melinda was no longer in the mood to stroll around. Afraid of being seen by the man, she quickly turned back to the place where the servant waited.
	"My lady, what's wrong?" Seeing that, the servant was worried.
	"I have something to deal with at home. Let's go back first." Melinda made up a random excuse and headed home.
	If that man saw her, they would only embarrass each other.
	Melinda didn't know whether she should tell this to Yulia or not. She struggled for a long time in the bedroom, but she was with a conflicted look even when Jonas came back home.
	"What's wrong with you?" What Jonas feared most was that Melinda did not smile and even frowned.
	But he didn't know that Melinda always wore a smile on her face whenever she saw him, and now the same situation. When she saw Jonas, she immediately forgot what had happened before. She said to Jonas in a spoiled manner, "You're back.
	Jonas, today I saw that Yulia's boyfriend was with someone else. Should I tell her?" In the end, Melinda couldn't help telling Jonas what had happened today. She thought she could just tell him what she didn't know how to deal with.
	Because this man would definitely give her a good idea.
	"Stay out of this and pretend that you didn't see anything. Yulia did not look the man clearly when she was with him. Even if she gets hurt, it's none of your business."
	Jonas still had no good impression on Yulia, and he had heard Queena mention how she got her boyfriend.
	Jonas still remembered that last time when Yulia made a boyfriend, they were in a love relationship right now. If Melinda told her this out of her kindness, Yulia might hate her.
	Melinda didn't expect that Jonas would say that without hesitation. After all, if a girl met a bad man, that would be a pathetic thing.
	At the same time, she was also worried that this man might want to use Yulia's advantage to connect to the Gu family. Such things had happened before.
	"Stop thinking about her. Look what I have bought for you," Jonas said as he rubbed Melinda's head.
	As long as he had time, he would go shopping in the mall and buy a bunch of flowers if he was not free. Although Ted thought it was vulgar, he saw that Melinda was quite fond of flowers, and she even went to the garden house to try to cultivate it.
	Hearing that, Melinda was immediately distracted. She held her breath, waiting for the surprise.
	Today, Jonas selected a maternity dress for Melinda. It was made of pure cotton and the color was light pink. It was as loose as usual, but it suited her very well.
	Melinda could not help but like the dress for a long time. But thinking that it was made of such an expensive material, she could not help saying, "Don't spend too much money on it from now on."
	Seeing Melinda like this, Jonas felt that she was the most adorable person in the world. He worked hard every day to make the company bigger and bigger, didn't he want her to have the best life?
	A dress was not extravagant. If possible, he would like to give the whole world to her.
	"Mommy has bought so many clothes that I can't wear them all," Melinda said somewhat helplessly, but the expression on her face could not hide the happiness.
	'This is their way of loving me.'
	However, when Melinda thought of the wardrobe full of clothes, she felt a sharp pain in her head again. The maternity clothes that Jonas and Queena bought were all suitable in this season. After she had a bigger belly after the change of season, they would probably buy new ones.
	It would be ten months that she was pregnant, and her maternity clothes were too much.
	"It doesn't matter. You can put on several sets a day as long as you are happy." With an expression of indifference on his face, Jonas added, "But you must wear what I bought for you."
	He didn't want his carefully selected clothes to be put in the bottom. Although the clothes his mother bought for her were also carefully chosen, they were mostly chosen by others, so they could not compare with the ones he chose.
	"Okay."
	Melinda didn't expect that Jonas could be so childish, but she was still happy.
	"What about this one? It represents my love. Dear, can you let me have a look now?" said Jonas as he put his arm around Melinda's waist. When he saw this dress, he had been imagining what she would look like in it.
	All of a sudden, Jonas felt that women was the most beautiful, not only in their wedding dresses, but also in the simplest maternity clothes. The gentleness exuded from them, as if they could drown people.
	Feeling a little shy, Melinda nodded and then glared at Jonas. She was anxious and wondered why Jonas still stayed here with her when she was about to change her clothes, but Jonas thought there was no need to dodge when he saw his wife changing her clothes.
	After a long time of stalemate, Melinda licked her lips and then said, "You go out first."
	What Jonas wanted to say was all swallowed in his stomach when he saw a little aggrieved expression on Melinda's face. In the end, he left the bedroom silently.
	Melinda breathed a sigh of relief. Although they had been married for many years, she still felt embarrassed.
	The clothes fit well with her body. As it was for a pregnant woman, the waist was designed loose, making Melinda petite and lovely.
	Looking at the clothes on her, Melinda couldn't help smiling when thinking of what Jonas looked like when standing in the shop.
	He had changed a lot, and he was more like a father now. 
Chapter 321 Breaking Up
	When seeing Melinda wearing the clothes he had chosen, Jonas was extremely proud and satisfied. He even wanted to pick clothes for her himself from now on.
	The dress was designed in loose style, so it was hard to tell that Melinda was pregnant. With a soft hand covering her belly, she trembled violently.
	It was said that pregnant people are more sensitive. Now, Melinda completely believed it. Her face suddenly turned red, and she was as shy as a strawberry juice.
	Looking at the scene, Jonas felt a thrill of excitement. But when he thought of the baby under his palm, he held it back with all his strength.
	"Linda, I'm going to take a bath." Jonas's voice was so hoarse that it made Melinda's face even redder. Her neck was burning. She walked aside quickly, lowered her head and nodded.
	She just felt that the temperature around her began to rise, but after Jonas left, she felt that the air was much cooler. She just felt that there was an impulse in Jonas's body after that moment.
	Jonas washed for a long time. When Jonas walked out of the bathroom, he saw that Melinda had fallen asleep on the bed. Her face was still flushing. It seemed that she was drunk, which made her much lovelier.
	In the face of Melinda, all Jonas wanted to do was to stay with her anytime and anywhere.
	Melinda was getting better, and at the same time, Jerry felt the crisis. Since the proposal incident last time, he hadn't seen Stacy for a long time. Every time the call was interrupted by David, which made Jerry angry from embarrassment.
	Alston often asked him about the things between him and Stacy, which made Jerry panic. He was afraid that the change between him and Stacy would be found by Alston.
	With a cigarette in his right hand and the phone in his left hand, Jerry clenched the cigarette and slowly dialed the number.
	The ashtray was full of cigarette ashes and butts at this time. Because of this, Jerry's voice was very hoarse, as if he had a heavy cold.
	He tried to make Stacy feel sorry for him in this way, and then she would naturally find a way to get them out of the current predicament.
	"Stacy, I miss you so much!" There seemed to be a cry in Jerry's voice, and the sincerity was touching.
	Stacy had been trapped at home by David during this period of time. He had given her the mobile phone, but he would never let her see Jerry anyway.
	As soon as Stacy heard Jerry's voice, she couldn't help bursting into tears.
	"Jerry, I..." Stacy didn't know what to do. During this period, she had been making various excuses to prevent Jerry from knowing his father's objection to their relationship.
	Little did she know that Jerry had known all the reasons, but he was so happy to play dumb.
	"Stacy, let's meet tomorrow, okay? Even if you don't like me anymore and don't want to marry me, you should give me a closure," Jerry said. The injury in Jerry's tone made Stacy feel even much guiltier.
	"Jerry, you are the one I want to marry most. Don't overthink about it, okay?"
	Stacy said pleadingly. She was really afraid that Jerry would give up on her because of that, and she would break down.
	She considered if she should tell Jerry about the situation here, and then they would try to find a way to fight against her father.
	"Stacy, why don't you want to see me all the time? From that day on..." It was difficult for Jerry to say these words out. Finally, he began to sob again, as if afraid of mentioning them.
	Stacy knew clearly that he had made a careful proposal, but in the end she broke her promise.
	"I'm sorry. I did that for some reason. Please trust me. I'll see you tomorrow. I promise!"
	Saying that, Stacy's eyes darkened and she was thinking what to do if her father didn't agree.
	After a long silence, Jerry said reluctantly, "Okay, I'll wait for you."
	He seemed to be afraid to wait any longer, and all this was because of what happened that day. Stacy had thousands of words to say but only said one sentence in the end. "I will explain this scene to you in the future."
	They were speechless for a while. Stacy also missed the happy days they had together before. In the end, Jerry hung up the phone silently. Before hanging up, he told her the address where they met the next day and said that he would wait for her.
	Actually, when David asked Stacy to use these communications tools, his men were monitoring them, so he got the news as soon as possible.
	He knew that Stacy would definitely find a way, so he waited patiently for her to come to him.
	As for Stacy, she also knew clearly that it would be impossible for her to leave the house without David's consent.
	"I'm going to see Jerry." Stacy came straight to the point, as if she was talking to a stranger. Hearing her words, David could not help but feel a little hurt in his heart.
	His daughter was on the opposite side of him for another man.
	And her attitude was cold.
	"I have said that I don't agree with your marriage. You'd better give up," said David, dissatisfied with Jerry. He thought that such a calculating person didn't deserve his daughter at all.
	Or, David couldn't make sure whether Jerry loved Stacy or just used her.
	If he just took advantage of Stacy, she would be very sad.
	"Dad, why don't you agree us to be together? You weren't like this before," Stacy asked in confusion. It was hard for her to understand that, but from Jerry's words, it seemed that his nominal brother worried that he would take over the family property and stopped him.
	But Jerry was not interested in the Gu family at all!
	"That's because I didn't know what kind of person he was before. Now that I know, I certainly can't let you marry him and suffer," said David, looking at Stacy with a complicated expression.
	Stacy didn't think her father was willing to tell her the truth at this time, so she was very angry and finally stubbornly said, "I want to see him."
	"You have no idea what kind of person he is!" shouted David as he suddenly became very loud. His daughter, Stacy, had always been the apple of his eye. She had never been shouted like this before. Her eyes turned red and she stood still.
	David also realized that he had been too emotional, but he felt bad when he saw his daughter's stubborn look.
	"Jerry is a man who would do anything to achieve his own goal. He came back this time in order to revenge the Gu family. Do you know that he just takes advantage of you?"
	Although these words were cruel to Stacy, it was still necessary to tell her the truth, so that she would fully understand who Jerry was.
	Stacy didn't take his words seriously. But when he spoke out the evil things Jerry had done, Stacy's face still changed.
	"Sweetheart, think about it. Won't this person who achieved his goal by all means use you?" said David in all earnestness. He was somewhat relieved to see that Stacy finally listened to him.
	"I don't know all these things," Stacy said slowly. She was still in shock.
	For Jerry, Stacy also had a new perspective. At the same time, she came up with a plan.
	"Dad, I don't know what kind of person he is. He's not like that in front of me," Stacy said with distress and embarrassment. In front of her, Jerry was like a bright boy. How could his father say something like that? There must be something wrong.
	"He has been concealing it from you all the time. It's normal that you don't know. Now that you know who he is, do you still want to be with him?"
	asked David seriously. He hoped that his daughter could distinguish right from wrong. He didn't want her to be deceived by a hypocrite like Jerry anymore.
	Stacy's eyes were rolling, but she didn't look into his father's eyes. At this time, she suddenly came up with a good idea. Perhaps, she could take this opportunity to go out to see Jerry!
	"I... I don't know," Stacy said sadly. Although David could not bear to see that, he still decided to end this relationship as soon as possible. "You go to see Jerry today and break up with him. There are many men who are better than him. Don't be silly anymore."
	Stacy's eyes brightened and the pain on her face did not decrease. After a long time, she nodded hard as if she had made a great decision. Then she said, "Okay, I promise you."
	"Good girl."
	David patted Stacy on the head with delight. Then he winked at his assistant, as if telling him that he didn't need to restrict Stacy's actions now.
	Stacy did not leave in a hurry, but went back to the bedroom. She quickly hid a lot of precious things in her bag and threw some unnecessary things on the ground. The sound from the room, however, was taken as the pain for her to break up by David.
	When everything was ready, Stacy appeared in front of David with a calm face. Just now in the room, she had told all the situations to Jerry. Jerry kept on feeling sorry for her, wanting to see her as soon as possible and blame himself.
	"Father, I am going to see him," Stacy said indifferently as if she no longer had any feelings for Jerry. She just pretended to be ruthless in front of David.
	As expected, David was very satisfied. He nodded and said, "Remember to go home early."
	Stacy said nothing more and left home directly. David called Jonas to inform him of the news.
	"Actually, I should thank you. Without you, I wouldn't have known what kind of person Jerry is. If I really let Stacy marry him, I don't know how much hardship she would have suffered," David said as he was glad that he made it.
	And Jonas also felt lucky that David was willing to believe him at that time. Otherwise, no matter what he said and did, it would be in vain.
Chapter 322 Back To The Gu's mansion
	After Stacy went out, she headed directly to the place where she had made an appointment with Jerry. She was almost crazy after being locked up at home for a long time.
	During the meal, she didn't pay much attention to what David had said. All she wanted to do was to take advantage of this chance to get herself out of the home.
	The place she and Jerry made an appointment that was actually their home, but David arranged a driver to her, in order not to be discovered, Stacy specially let the driver get out of the car in a nearby park.
	Jerry's men waited nearby to stop the driver.
	The plan was perfect, and David believed that Stacy had understood what he said, so he didn't send anyone to follow them, which gave the two men a chance to meet.
	"Are you all right?" As soon as Jerry saw Stacy, he asked her with the greatest concern. He seemed to be so depressed that his eyebrows were uncomfortably knitted. Stubble even grew on his chin.
	This made Stacy more sure that she was not the only one who had suffered a lot during this time, and she knew Jerry absolutely loved her.
	"I'm fine. Take me our home. I don't want to go home now." Stacy said with excitement as she held Jerry's hand. If she returned home, she would still be grounded by her father. This was not what she wanted at all. At this moment, what she wanted most was to stay with Jerry all the time.
	"Okay, let's go home." Jerry held Stacy's hand and said in a serious and affectionate tone. Not far away, the driver felt that they didn't look like they were breaking up. He felt strange and was about to go forward, but a group of people suddenly appeared out of nowhere.
	These people, one by one, were fierce and vicious. They circled him without saying anything. He could only watch Stacy and Jerry leave.
	Today was just weekend, so after receiving a phone call from David, Jonas told the news directly to Melinda. Queena was also there at that time, and when they heard that Jerry was going to break up with Stacy, they all were very happy.
	Especially Queena.
	"Now, jerry can't be too arrogant, and everything will return to what it was like before. I will personally cook a dinner to celebrate tonight."
	Queena said happily. It was fortunate that Alston was not there at this time, or they would have a quarrel again.
	However, after they broke up, Jerry was no longer useful. Queena didn't believe that the Alston would protect Jerry like he did in the past.
	"Okay, I'll help Mommy." Melinda was also very happy, but she was relatively reserved, with a child like brilliance on her gentle smile.
	Seeing this, Jonas was happy.
	"Just wait patiently. Don't make trouble with me." Said.Jonas in a delighted tone. He repressed the restless Melinda, who pouted in discontent and looked at Queena expectantly.
	She didn't do anything these days. She really felt that she was about to become a useless person. Now that she finally got the chance, she surely should seize it.
	Queena was a woman and naturally knew Melinda. She turned her head and said to Jonas: "it's okay. She's in good health. Just don't touch the knife."
	Although Queena agreed, she was a little superstitious in some ways, such as being pregnant and not touching knife.
	Hearing her words, Melinda nodded quickly. She looked at him excitedly and said, "Jon, since we have prepared a big meal for you, why don't you ask Ted for help and learn how to praise your wife and mother?"
	Her words made Queena laugh. He was a little embarrassed. It's clearly that Melinda knew what kind of person he was.
	It was not easy to be Jonas's assistant. He had to be capable in work and in dealing with the trivial matters in life, such as teaching the president how to maintain family happiness.
	Although Queena rarely cooked, she was pretty good at cooking. Jonas told Melinda that Queena had studied in a specially training class.
	Melinda was not good at cooking and could only cook a few simple dishes. The housemaids would not really let the two hostesses prepare dinner, and she worked aside to help.
	So most of the time, Melinda didn't have the chance to help them, but saw Queena cooking and studied quietly.
	The ingredients were prepared by the servants. The dinner was very rich. When Nelson returned home, he was shocked to see that Melinda and Queena were busy in the kitchen, and finally praised them without hesitation.
	The dinner time in the Gu's mansion was usually between six and seven o'clock. The whole family was almost there, expected Alston and Jerry. As Queena said, they didn't need to wait for the two.
	But what they didn't expect was that as soon as Alston came back, Jerry came home with Stacy.
	This was the first time for Stacy to visit the mansion of Gu family except the party held in this house. In fact, she was impressed with this so big mansion.
	Compared to her own home, it was simply too luxurious. There were not many people, but the building was so big, which made her feel very insecure.
	However, the one standing next to her was Jerry, which made her feel much better.
	Jerry led winner to the table and introduced his identity to everyone naturally. Among all of them, Alston was the one who exactly most welcomed her. Nelson treated her with a suit attitude, which was a typical treat to guests.
	Queena's face darkened right away. She almost dropped her chopsticks in front of Jerry and Stacy, leaving him alone. Jonas was just a little shocked, and after that, he comforted Queena.
	She told Queena that in any case, Stacy was still the daughter of David Wang, and they couldn't ignore his daughter because of Jerry, or things would get ugly between them.
	Queena had restrained her anger, but this dinner was quiet and awkward.
	Melinda used to ease the atmosphere in the past, but after she persuaded Queena today, she was in a daze. After dinner, she directly told Jonas what was in her mind.
	"Mr. Wang, does he mean they have broken up? Did he say something wrong? " She even doubted if he had gotten the wrong news.
	He satisfied her action and felt that his wife was so lovely.
	"All this was arranged by Jerry. Mr. Wang hasn't been wrong. There must be something that we don't know happened."
	Jonas analyzed calmly, thinking that they were too careless and forgot how Jerry deal with things. If Stacy really wanted to break up, he couldn't agree so quickly.
	They were so immersed in surprise that they forgot about the conspiracy.
	"They were forbade to meet with each other, right? How did they do that? " The more powerful Jerry was, the more active the hidden uneasiness in her heart was.
	At this time, she even began to fear again. Melinda tried to calm herself down and stop herself from thinking too much.
	"Linda, Stacy may have been fooled by him. It's useless for you to be angry."
	"But she can't be so brainless to be arranged and guided by Jerry." Melinda said helpless and felt more furious.
	Jonas comforted her. Nelson was still in the living room, and the two of them couldn't stay in their bedroom for too long. When Jonas went downstairs with Melinda, he happened to hear that Jerry was going to go out with Stacy tonight.
	"She has not been used to living in here before." Jerry explained, and Stacy beside him also cooperated. To be honest, she didn't feel very comfortable at the Gu's mansion.
	Especially in front of Jonas, she always felt a sense of pressure which almost made her unable to breathe.
	Nelson didn't say anything, and Alston stood aside. Queena snorted coldly, showing extreme disdain.
	If it was someone else, she would have teased them, but thinking of what Melinda had said, she can't do it for the sake of Stacy.
	"You are going to live outside?" On the other hand, Melinda was a little surprised. She thought that the reason why Jerry behaved like this was because he was afraid of their interruption.
	Jonas grabbed her fingers and walked to the side of the two. Jerry and Stacy were standing in front of Nelson, but their phones were in the sofa.
	At this moment, a text message came in, and the screen lit up. It was the message of Jerry's successful booked a hotel. It was the first time that Melinda was so grateful for her good eyesight and good memory.
	She quickly checked the news and then knew which hotel Jerry had checked in.
	Jerry quickly picked up the phone and said, "the room was booked. Grandpa, I'll take Stacy out now."
	Stacy left with Jerry, and no one in the Gu's mansion stopped them. Alston was happy to see them leaving, but Queena was worried about that. If anything happened between them again, it was hard to say.
	However, Melinda was pretty confused. She looked at Jonasand said: "isn't Stacy pregnant?"
	Jonas was also surprised. He wondered if she was not.
	Melinda was a little embarrassed, feeling that she wanted to say something dirty.
	"I just saw them book that hotel." Suddenly, she whispered to him and asked Jonas to contact with David.
	When David got the call from him, he was very angry, because he had already got the news that two people had left without telling him from.the driver. He didn't expect that Jerry would be so bold to bring them back home directly.
	And he even took her to a hotel!
	It was a piece of cake for David to find out that hotel's specific location based on his power.
	Although David got the room cards and keys of the hotel, he became more and more furious. He kicked the door open with his foot, and both Stacy and Jerry were shocked.
	When Stacy saw her father, a flash of panic flashed through her eyes. She didn't expect his father to come so soon. She trembled and said, "Dad…"
Chapter 323 Cancer
	With a sullen face, David went straight into the room. With a vicious look, he looked at Jerry and then pulled Stacy away.
	Stacy didn't dare to struggle at all. She turned around and looked at Jerry behind her. She wanted to find some comfort from him, but she found that Jerry's face was gloomy and even frightening.
	"Don't you feel ashamed enough?" Seeing that Stacy was still thinking about Jerry, David became extremely angry.
	He was reluctant to scold his daughter and used to protect her.
	He thought that a girl was a princess and she should be treated with good care. Now he thought about it. His education destroyed this child in this way, so that she could not tell who was good and who was bad, which made her more arrogant.
	A lot of unspeakable regret arose in David's heart, but he felt that it was not too late to repair the situation.
	Stacy was taken away by David in this way. Beside him, there were many hotel staff. Jerry felt that he was like a monkey from the zoo, being watched.
	He was not as gentle as he used to be, but a moment later, he looked gloomy, and he felt embarrassed especially when he saw Jonas in the crowd.
	He had always been taking advantage of Stacy to threaten him, but now, it became a joke to him. If someone with discerning eyes knew that David didn't like him at all, he would not help him at all even if he could marry Stacy in the end.
	Then Jerry passed the crowd and left the hotel.
	He would remember this battle!
	Jonas came here just to keep David's company. He didn't expect to see such a good play and was in a good mood. After these, Jerry couldn't be stirred up.
	Even after leaving the hotel, Jerry still could not forget how shameful it was as if he was watched by others without any cover.
	If tonight there was really something happened between him and Stacy and these people broke in directly, then he would be on the headline of tomorrow's newspapers.
	All these were brought by Jonas. With his hands clenched, Jerry made up his mind to teach him a good lesson, leaving him no time or mind to be so arrogant.
	The street was boisterous at night, but Jerry felt that he was out of place with the world. Whenever he walked on the street, he seemed to hear others laughing at him.
	His tightly clenched fists seemed to have never been loosened. Jerry returned to his and Stacy's home, where he had hired hourly workers to clean on time, which made the place neat and tidy.
	He sat on the sofa, frowning and thinking. At last, he took out his cell phone and called Emily.
	He was not satisfied with Emily's efficiency. He had given her such attractive conditions, but she had done nothing. She was simply a waste.
	But this waste was still of use. What Jerry was good at best was to make full use of things and use countless methods to achieve his goal.
	After calling Emily, Jerry directly gave the address of his apartment to Emily and made an appointment with her.
	When Emily arrived, a pile of cigarette butts were heaped in front of Jerry. The window of the apartment was still closed, and he was still smoking as if he were in the clouds.
	If Melinda came close to this environment, she would probably cough badly. But Emily had already been used to it, and even took the cigarette Jerry was smoking from him smoothly.
	She squinted and puffed out a stream of smoke, her face showing unspeakable enjoyment. Then she flipped the cigarette, and said jokingly, "It's no wonder that the Gu family members smoke at a different grade."
	While speaking, Emily took a deep breath again. These days she was in a low valley, and the supporter liked the silly and sweet girl, so she did not know how long she had not smoked.
	The feeling made her feel as if she were floating in the air.
	"What? You can't afford to smoke now?" As Jerry spoke, another cigarette butt appeared in the ashtray. Then, he took out another two and lit them himself. He casually threw the lighter aside and let Emily take it.
	Emily smiled at her but said nothing. She could afford a cigarette, but she was used to living a luxurious life. It was better not to use those cheap things than to use them.
	Of course, cosmetics were an exception. She didn't want to show her ugly face in public.
	The two of them did not get to the point, but rather, they had been smoking for a while until all Jerry's cigarettes were finished. At that moment, Jerry really had a choking throat.
	He said in a low voice. It was undeniable that Alston's genes were very powerful.
	"What do you want from me?" Emily smoked a few cigarettes in a row. She was so happy that she was in a good mood. She missed her cigarette so much.
	"Didn't you agree with the money last time?" Jerry asked sarcastically. He thought that the offer he made last time might accidently kill him. He had thought that it would work, but he did not expect that Emily still let him down in the end.
	"How could it be not enough? But Melinda is not stupid. As time goes by, she is immune to it. I am just thinking about something,"
	Emily said fretfully. Originally, she was happy to see that Melinda was seriously hurt and sent to the hospital, but she didn't expect that Queena would meddle in and cure her. Now, she even turned a blind eye to her deliberate arrangement, so she was even much angrier.
	"Let's make a deal." As the flame flickered on his face, Jerry looked like a man in an abyss of darkness, who had no light at all. The light that had finally appeared would be quickly cut off by him.
	Emily was interested in the deal. She knew that Jerry was very rich now, and the conditions he gave were always satisfying.
	"What deal?" Emily asked, her eyes full of curiosity. Seeing Emily's look, Jerry sneered in his heart, but he felt that Emily was very similar to him the time before.
	"You just need to figure out a way to let Melinda leave Jonas." Jerry didn't dare to entrust the most important thing to Emily. If it was destroyed, everything would be in vain.
	But he believed there was no one more suitable than Emily to sabotage the relationship between Jonas and Melinda.
	As expected, when Emily heard this, her eyes brightened, but then she immediately hid it. "Since it's a deal, what will you give me after I do this?"
	She was not a fool and she knew that she had to take action according to the current situation. Jerry was the most cunning person and everything should be settled from the beginning.
	Although it was highly likely that it would be useless to reach an agreement at the beginning.
	"As long as you keep your promise, I'll provide funds to invest in a TV series, so that you can be the leading lady of them,"
	Jerry said to Emily. It seemed that these words said by Jerry were from the last century, and even the TV series and the heroine of the TV series were very tempting to Emily. But now, Jerry could easily say them out.
	"You want to support me?" Emily said incredulously, even feeling that she was still in a dream. She had thought about countless seductive conditions that Jerry came up with, but there was absolutely no acting involved.
	She had not been in a film set for a long time, and she never had such a feeling of standing under the camera for a long time.
	"This is the jetton for a deal. It depends on if you have the heart to accept the challenge," Jerry said, fiddling with the lighter. The lighter seemed to have become his most interested toy and it was being played around all the time.
	Emily had been trying to get close to the upper class all the time, so she knew the lighter. It costed tens of thousands of dollars each.
	It seemed that Jerry was really rich now and it wasn't difficult for him to make her shoot a TV play.
	She must take advantage of this opportunity to turn over and return to the entertainment circle, stepping on those who had laughed at her.
	"It's very tempting. I want to know what to do next," Emily said with a smile, accepting the challenge.
	They didn't say much. They sat face to face quietly. Feeling something was missing, Melinda went to the wine cabinet and found a lot of stored wine.
	Most of the wine here was brought by Stacy.
	"Cheers for our plan!" Emily took out two goblet and cleaned them.
	Jerry drank with her. Not long after, Emily's sugar daddy called. Emily quickly returned. After saying goodbye to Jerry, Emily quickly returned to the house of her sugar daddy.
	However, she began to ponder over what she could do to get Melinda out of the Gu family. She clearly remembered that Melinda minded her existence.
	Emily racked her brain but couldn't think of a proper way.
	The next day, Emily read some news and got some inspiration. After breakfast, she began to contact Melinda in an intimate way as if she had changed herself.
	"I know I've done many bad things before, but all of them are because I love a man called Jonas, the same as you do,"
	Emily said, her voice full of sorrow and sadness.
	"He is my husband now." It seemed that Melinda was announcing her sovereignty over Jonas in silence. A dark light flashed across Emily's eyes.
	"I know. I know he doesn't belong to me. He will never belong to me.
	Melinda, I got cancer. May I have a favor to ask you? Can you come out to see me?"
	said Emily. Melinda was softhearted, and this was the best way she could think of. If she still couldn't ask Melinda out in this way, she really didn't know what to do.
	Hearing this, Melinda was startled, and then heart broken. Although Emily was not a good person, at least it was a young life.
	"Okay, I'm coming to see you," Melinda said. She always believed that the man who was going to die would speak kindly. Moreover, the technology was getting more and more advanced, and the medical level was steadily rising.
	Cancer was no longer a terrible illness that could not be cured as before. She wanted to persuade Emily not to give up. Anyway, living was better than death. 
Chapter 324 The Meeting
	Emily made an appointment with Melinda at a nearby park. Melinda found an excuse and left home perfunctorily.
	At this time in the park, there were not many people. Melinda saw Emily at a glance. She was haggard than before. She was no longer wildly arrogant. On the contrary, she looked a little sad.
	Melinda thought that it was normal for Emily to look like this now, considering that she got cancer.
	Emily turned to look at her. Melinda was wearing a pink maternity dress, with her hair tied up a little. She looked like a 17 or 18-year-old girl. A woman would look like this only when she was happy.
	Her belly had become slightly swollen. Although it was not obvious, it was conspicuous in her eyes.
	"Emily, cancer is not a fatal disease now. Don't give up." Melinda walked gracefully to the side of Emily and began to comfort her in a soft voice.
	She was really a woman with a kind heart. It was easy for people to be attracted by her, but it also easy for people to be jealous of her.
	Such as Emily.
	"Melinda, don't you want me to die?" Emily asked sarcastically, with an evil smile on her face. She was aware of what she had done, and that she was not so broad-minded.
	She would even want to celebrate with firecrackers if Melinda had cancer.
	Hearing this, Melinda was silent for a while, and then replied honestly, "Only at a time when I hate you very much."
	She hadn't experienced so much then, and was desperate about the world. But under the guidance of Jonas, she experienced the beauty of this world again.
	She was softhearted, so she didn't mean anything. Otherwise, she wouldn't have quarreled with Jonas regardless of other people's life last time.
	Seeing her like this, Emily could not help feeling that she was hypocritical. She really didn't understand why Jonas had chosen such a hypocritical woman.
	She put on a false smile and her eyes were full of devastating light. However, in the end, she said softly, "I'm sorry, I'm not dead yet."
	As Emily spoke, she made a gesture to the people hiding in the dark, and soon two men came out from the surrounding, directly suppressing Melinda without saying anything.
	Melinda was shocked and struggled, but to no avail. Then, her neck was given a pat and she fainted.
	When Melinda woke up again, she found herself lying in a small room with a dim light. She was like a rubbish thrown on the floor. Although her freedom was not restricted by these men, she felt weak all over.
	The two strong men who knocked her out just now were standing at the door, which was a silent threat.
	Melinda analyzed her situation, somewhat desperate and hating herself for falling into the trap of Emily.
	However, it was not Melinda's fault. She was a woman with a short temper, but she was used by Emily. She would never have thought that Emily would curse her like this for her own purpose.
	Cancer. At this point, Melinda really hoped that she could be tortured by this kind of illness.
	"Melinda, is it a surprise?" Emily didn't think she was not good at all, and she was even very proud that such a perfect idea was her idea.
	She liked to look at the horror in Melinda's eyes. She thought that it was just appetizer, and she just hoped that Melinda could hold back herself when that time came.
	"I underestimated how shameless you are." Melinda was helpless about this, and Emily had refreshed her views about human again and again.
	Emily let her know what kind of method a person could use to get what he or she wanted. A person could even curse himself.
	"Shameless? I know you have a sharp sense of integrity. But you are in my hands. Don't forget that."
	Emily's face sank and said maliciously.
	"I deserve it since I sympathized with people like you." Although Melinda was gentle, she fought back without the slightest bit of politeness. Her words were still calm, but full of irony.
	"To be honest, I don't want to make so much trouble to tie you up here. It's easy for me to release you. Just leave Jonas."
	Emily played with the lighter in her hand and lit a cigarette. Ever since she had smoked that day, she was more infatuated with the smell of cigarette. As soon as Melinda smelt it, she began to cough uncomfortably.
	However, she made no concession to what Emily said. "It's impossible."
	Emily was not surprised at Melinda's answer. She nodded as if to show her affirmation, and then waved to the two strong men behind her.
	"She is a little naughty. We will teach her a lesson,"
	Emily said lightly. The two men nodded, and walked closer in the horror of Melinda. They were like emotionless zombies.
	Melinda closed her eyes in despair and then protected her baby with her hands. Every punch and kick fell on her body and were imprinted in her heart.
	This was a lesson, a bloody lesson. Melinda now knew that kindness could not wake up any vicious person.
	'Baby, please hold on! Daddy will come to save us!' Melinda murmured in her heart in despair.
	Her consciousness gradually collapsed, but her hands still firmly protected her belly. The pain of the flesh seemed not to be sensed. Her head tilted and fainted.
	"This woman didn't bear it. She passed out." One of the men kicked Melinda. Seeing that she still didn't react, he said to Emily.
	Emily stood there, smoking a cloud and watching the scene, with indescribable happiness in her heart.
	"Fainted?" Emily said, and then said maliciously as if nothing had happened, "Isn't there water over there? You can splash the water in any way you like. It is enough to wake her up."
	The two men did as she said without any hesitation.
	Waking up from pain, Melinda was in a mess, leaning against the wall. The only thing she did was to hold the baby tight with her hands. She felt like she was on the verge of collapsing before Jonas could save her.
	The physical and mental suffering she suffered was very serious.
	"Are you willing to wake up?" Emily looked at Melinda with mockery. The hatred in Melinda's eyes made her feel very disdainful.
	"I have a piece of news to share with you, but it's not good news for you." She was still smiling, but her smile made Melinda feel chilling inexplicably. She was sure that she did not want to know the news at all.
	"Emily, what can I do to make you let me go?" Melinda said as she almost gave up struggling. She didn't know why Emily did this.
	Did she mean to threaten Jonas or to hurt the unborn baby?!
	"Let you go? Then when will you let go of me and Jonas? Do you know we are bothered by you? But because of the bastard you are bearing, Jonas can't do anything except listening to Queena's arrangement?"
	Emily suddenly became angry, and her words made Melinda unable to react.
	"But it doesn't matter, he can't do it but I can, I am willing to be the bad guy for being together with Jonas." Her smile showed her happiness, but it was disgusting to Melinda. However, what she just said shocked her.
	It seemed that some unknown facts were all put on the table.
	"What are you talking about? Emily, are you a paranoid?" said Melinda weakly, as if all her strength had been put into these words.
	She was so tired that she was on the verge of collapsing.
	"It's all Jonas's idea. You must be surprised by the news, right?" A cruel smile appeared on the corner of Emily's mouth, but the words coming out from it were a violent blow to Melinda.
	Melinda thought that Emily was just a paranoid, but her words made her waver. It seemed that she had heard about what Emily had just said from Jonas.
	In a trance, she began to ponder what the truth was. It seemed that she had never known about Jonas.
	"I know you don't believe it, but can you deny that it was you who separated me and Jonas at the beginning?" Emily said angrily. She didn't expect that Nelson would be so heartless to offend her for such a nobody.
	What's more, he even asked Jonas to marry her.
	Melinda knew her marriage had been like a trade from the very beginning. Now that it had been revealed by Emily, she no longer had the courage to confront her.
	However, Emily thought it was not enough. She took out her mobile phone and showed a few private photos to Melinda.
	"Have a look. Let's see how wonderful it is."
	Both of the men and women in the photos were familiar to Melinda. One was her husband, and the other was Emily who had trapped her here. They were in a bed in an intimate gesture. And a rare smile appeared on Jonas's face.
	Even if he was with her, he always pulled a long face. Was it because she was not Emily who could make him happy?
	Melinda was disheartened the moment she saw the pictures. Emily said those words again and again like a repeater.
	She had suspected long ago that Jonas had rekindled his love for Emily, and now these photos seemed to confirm her conjecture.
	Those facts that she deliberately forgot all emerged at this moment.
	"Melinda, you're the other woman, not me! You have no right to show off! Do you know how long we have tolerated you?"
	Emily continued to say something to break through Melinda's defense line.
	"Melinda, leave Jonas. He doesn't belong to you at all," Emily begged, as if she had suddenly lost her madness.
	At the sight of the pictures, Melinda felt sick. Then she closed her eyes and nodded silently. Besides disgusting, she also felt a sense of guilt.
	It seemed that she owed Emily so much that she gave everything back to her.
	Hearing that Melinda was willing to leave Jonas, Emily breathed a sigh of relief. 
Chapter 325 Meeting A Friend
	Emily had put on so many dramas that she could really make up the story. She made up all this today. But fortunately, she was still a thorn in the side of Melinda. She believed it.
	As she waved her hand to the two men, they left silently. The closed room now was left with only Melinda and Emily.
	One was desperate, but the other was more and more happy.
	Leaning against the wall in the corner, she looked very sad, but there was no tears on her face. She was heartbroken at this moment.
	She didn't know what to do now, but there was a shout in her heart that she would be safe without that man, Jonas.
	From now on, it also can be good even she was alone.
	'No, I have a baby. '
	She seemed to be lit up with hope.
	"Will you really leave him?" Emily asked incredulously, but the excitement in her words. She seemed that she would definitely leave.
	Melinda nodded without saying anything. Emily took out Melinda's phone from nowhere and handed it to her.
	"Now that you have made up your mind to leave, you can call him right now and tell him that you want to break up with him since you have an abortion."
	Emily said. She had been looking forward to it for a long time. Melinda took the phone silently, but she hadn't dialed Jonas' number.
	"You can be heartless, but it doesn't matter. As long as he believes that you lose your child, he will not want to be with you anymore." Emily continued arrogantly.
	The more Melinda heard, the more heartbroken she became. Finally, she dialed the number of Jonas.
	Jonas was in a meeting, but he answered the phone immediately. When he left, Ted was stabilized automatically.
	"Linda."
	When he called her name, he was very gentle, as if he was treating the most precious treasure in the world to him.
	Hearing this gentle voice, she recalled what Emily had just said, and a disgusting feeling surged up in her throat.
	"Jonas…"
	When she called out this name, she seemed to have used up all her strength. Her hand holding the phone became tighter and tighter, and it seemed to turn red.
	She said in an unusual tone, Jonas and immediately felt it. Just as he was about to ask what was wrong, he heard those words, and Melinda said them ruthlessly.
	"I have had an abortion. Let's break up."
	After speaking out this sentence, Melinda's eyes lost all color in an instant, and it began to collapse again. Hearing it, Emily was very satisfied.
	Melinda's pain was Emily's greatest happiness. They would only be enemies all their lives.
	"Melinda, do you know what you are talking about?"
	Shocked by her serious tone, Jonas thought she was joking.
	Holding the cellphone tightly in her hand till it became feeble, she finally sneered at him and said, "That's it. I'm tired."
	She couldn't love him anymore. Her heart was broken, nothing could be saved.
	Perhaps that quiet life was the most suitable for her, and she didn't deserve such love at all.
	She hung up the phone and smashed it on the ground.
	"Can you let me go now?" Her eyes were full of sadness, and her previously bright eyes, which were like stars, now became a pool of stagnant water.
	Melinda stood up against the wall. Her every movement was so painful that it made her heart ache.
	Her other hand was still holding her belly. She had nothing but the baby.
	"Let her go."
	Emily said to the two strong men guarding the door, and they stood aside very consciously. Now that Melinda was covered with wounds, she could hardly walk.
	But she stubbornly walked to the door step by step. Now she just wanted to leave this dark place as soon as possible.
	At the same time, Jonas, who had been hung up by Melinda, was a little confused. He felt strange that Melinda was not a kind of self-willed person. She would not say such self-willed words casually.
	And just now, he was frightened by the desperate tone of Melinda, a feeling of heartache from inside out.
	He even felt like his heart was held tightly by someone.
	He found it hard to breathe.
	Ted walked out of the room to see what was going on, but when he noticed Joyce's face, he knew that the meeting wouldn't go on.
	As a man who was promoted by Jonas personally, he knew it well.
	The assistant didn't ask more questions. Instead, he went back to the meeting and announced that it was over.
	The strange feeling was getting more and more obvious. Jonas was even a little panic, wondering whether something had happened to her at home.
	He called Queena, wanting to ask if something had happened to Melinda.
	Queena felt strange when she received the phone call from him. Jonas was really someone who seldom came to the palace when there was nothing important. If there was nothing important, he wouldn't call you.
	There was also an exception, of course, Melinda.
	"Mommy, where is Linda?"
	Queena was used to it.
	"She went out during the day. She hasn't come back yet." Queena said. At that time, Melinda said she had something to deal with and would be ready soon. Then she would go to see Jonas.
	So Queena didn't think too much.
	Now that she received a call from him and it seemed that he was so worried, she felt strange.
	Could it be that something bad happened to Melinda!
	Queena's expression changed. "Isn't Mellie with you?"
	Usually, it was okay for her to accompany Melinda at home. But today, she was not at home. Since she had nothing to do, she stayed in the art studio.
	She was left alone in the empty painting room, and her voice had echo.
	"No, she isn't. She called me just now." Said Jonas. He tried his best to stay calm and analyzed the meaning of what Melinda just said.
	'It's all my fault.' Queena blamed herself because she didn't know where Melinda was at that moment.
	It was her negligence that she should have asked what she wanted to do and told her son. It had been a long time since she left. If something happened, Queena wouldn't dare to think about it at all.
	"But when she went out, she told me that she would come to see you after she finished her work." Queena said, feeling her head in a mess.
	"What is she going to do?"
	Jonas continued to ask, trying to get some information from her analysis.
	Queena's mind was in a mess, and now she was asked by Jonas, so when Queena thought back, she only remembered Melinda had said she wanted to meet a friend and she had something to say with her.
	Who was that friend? Queena didn't know what they were talking about.
	Knowing that he couldn't get any more information from his mother, Jonas hang up the phone after comforting her and tell her not to worry.
	Ted had been waiting for Jonas nearby. Seeing that he had hung up the phone, Ted walked up to him and said, "Mr. Gu, the meeting has been dealt with. All of the shareholders have left. You can meet them another time."
	These shareholders were all smart and had already been used to this situation. So they did not ask too much when they walked out the meeting rooms.
	"Well, let William take care of the following things. You go back to my office with me." Said Jonas coldly.
	Jonas didn't care about the business at all. Just now, he tried to call Melinda, but nobody answered.
	Ted knew that something was not as simple as it looked from the expression on Jonas's face, so he went back to the CEO office without talking anything and told William about it briefly. Then he went into the office of Jonas and closed the door.
	"Call Melinda with your phone." He couldn't get through to her, and thought that he might be blacked, so he wanted to check his number.
	However, the result was the same. No one answered the phone. She seemed to have disappeared, and no one could find her.
	Ted's hands holding the cellphone began to feel a little tremble. In the past few days, the most clear survival rule he had been finding was that 'Mrs. Gu is fine, they will be fine.'
	Now Mrs. Mu was in trouble, and Mr. Gu was on the verge of going crazy.
	Sure enough, the president's face grew more and more gloomy. Jonas closed his eyes, and continued to think about what Melinda had said. In the end, he said to Ted, "Call the police."
	A case would be filed only after a day or more. But since Jonas had a friend in the police station and enjoyed a high position in A City, the police station dared not neglect him.
	After Ted reported to the police, he contacted his friends.
	"The police station has already filed a case. We'll get the news soon." Since Ted didn't know what to say, this was the simplest way to comfort Jonas.
	But it didn't work at all. Realizing her stupidity In front of Jonas, Ted chose to keep silent.
	The two of them quickly left Jonas' office and came to the place where the friends of Ted were living. They were already searching for the current position of Melinda, where the simplest location could be located.
	But the GPS position was messy, as if there was interference signal near.
	"Mr. Gu, I guess there must be a reason for lady Melinda's disappearance," Said Ted. Jonas, of course, knew that.
	He didn't find anything abnormal when he left this morning. The only unusual thing was that who Melinda was going to meet.
	"Investigate the people who contacted her recently." Jonas said, showing Ted an accurate direction.
Chapter 326 Just Let Her Alive
	It didn't seem to work but they found it was a strange number.
	However, since the number was strange, it was different from what Melinda said that she was going to meet a friend.
	From that, Jonas could think of no one else except Jerry. He seemed to be calm to wait for the news, but in his heart, he was restless.
	If there was something wrong with Melinda, he would never forgive the people who hurt her. Thinking of Melinda's desperate tone on the phone, Jonas felt his heart was hung in the balance again.
	He had no idea what had happened to her.
	Ted had not found anyone yet. Even though the police station had offered assistance, there was little they could do about it.
	Jonas thought that it must be Jerry who would do this, so she immediately found Jerry's phone number and dialed.
	"Hello." Jerry answered with a lazy voice and an impolite attitude. He was shocked when he got a call from Jonas.
	"Jerry, you'd better let her go, or you will not only lose your status in Gu's mansion, but also in A City. Don't you want to try the taste of crossing the street like a mouse again?"
	Jonas threaten him because he was very worried.
	Hearing this, Jerry's face turned dark. He felt angry as he was told about his past.
	"Jonas, don't think that you can do whatever you want as you are the eldest son of family Gu. You should know that there are things you can't control now."
	Jerry said this just to save his face, but in the presence of Jonas, he heard another threat. Now, the only one thing that he can't control was about Linda.
	And now, it seemed that it was obviously Linda in the hands of Jerry.
	"As long as you let her go, I will give you whatever you want."
	Jonas made a concession. He thought there was nothing in his life that he couldn't lose. He didn't care about these family property at all, but he didn't allow anyone to take Melinda away from him. He only wanted to have a try.
	Hearing this, Jerry was very excited. He knew that Melinda was very important to him. He guessed that it must be Emily who had done it successfully.
	It turned out that he had to make some concessions.
	"What a tempting offer! But unfortunately, I don't have her. You've got the wrong person." Jerry shrugged and said happily.
	Jonas's face suddenly darkened. He was sure that Jerry must know something, but he was unwilling to say it, watching the fire from the other side of the river.
	The phone was hung up. The police officer and his men were all trembling with fear. Their fingers kept on looking for the information.
	Jonas knew that he could not sit still and wait for death. He asked the people in the chamber to continue the investigation, and he went to the nearby roads to look for her, which were all the places that Melinda often went.
	From the sight of him, he could almost imagine that she was standing here.
	And at this time, Melinda, who was searching hard for by the people, was stumbled into the home. Leaving Jonas, she seemed to have no direction, and did not know where to go.
	The Gu's mansion was not her home, but because there was Jonas, as it was their bedroom, she could not go back now. That was a taunt. In the end, she still walked towards the Mo's house.
	Fortunately, she still had her father, who had always been soft hearted and loved her most.
	She came out in cold sweat and felt pain all over her body. She didn't know how she could hold on, but it seemed that she could be further away from those devils as long as she kept moving.
	And more and more… Her mind began to be wandering, and Melinda gradually lost the strength to grasp the hand of a tree trunk by the side of the road. Her whole body was like a butterfly that had broken its wings, falling down beside the tree.
	She looked miserable even with her eyes closed.
	Jonas looked everywhere that she might go. Thinking of what she had said about breaking up, he felt as if a knife were piercing his heart, but then he thought of another possibility.
	If Melinda wanted to leave him, there were only a few places she could go now!
	Jonas asked his men to search the neighborhood where she lived before, and he walked in the direction of Mo house, as if there was a voice in his heart telling him that Melinda was there.
	At first, he gave a call to Vern asking him if Melinda was at home. He dared not tell Vern the truth. He was afraid that Vern would worry, saying that they had a little quarrel and he could not get through to her.
	Vern blamed Melinda for her bad temper, and said that he had contacted her to make Jonas don't worried.
	Jonas was waiting for Vern's call on the way to look for Melinda. Vern was not as indifferent as he had been when he also can't get through her this time. He was even a little anxious since that.
	He knew her daughter well, who was not a willful person. If she had no contact with Jonas, she would never cut off contact with him, thought Vern.
	Jonas was about to say something, but he suddenly slammed on the brake and said anxiously to Vern on the other end of the phone, "Dad, I have found Linda. I have to hang up."
	His eyes were completely bloodshot as he walked to the place where Melinda was. That woman leaned against a tree, whom he had taken good care of in the past, was now in a total mess.
	"Linda, Linda!" Shouted Jonas anxiously. He even moved cautiously, and touched Melinda carefully.
	It was almost impossible for her to wake up. Therefore, Jonas quickly carried her in his arms and drove back home.
	Except for Queena, no one at home knew that something happened to Melinda. They were all shocked when they saw Jonas went home with Melinda in his arms.
	"What happened? Why is there an abrasion on the face?" Queena asked in worry. She didn't dare to touch her at all. She had been taken good care of in the Gu's house recently, so the little wound on her body would look terrible.
	"Mommy, call the family doctor." At this time, Jonas was so anxious that he didn't care about the tone of voice. Queena didn't care about it and quickly called the family doctor.
	When the family doctor was giving a treatment to Melinda, a group of people investigated the phone number. And finally they found out that it was Emily who did not do bad things for a long time.
	When Ted knew the truth, he almost smashed his cell phone. It was always this woman. He really wanted to cut her into pieces. Last time, they should sink her into the deep water.
	"Only Emily?" Jonas asked. His inner thought was same as Ted's, which had reached an unprecedented level. Also, Jonas felt it unworthy to think of that Melinda was angry with him because of Emil before.
	"There is an unfamiliar number in Emily's recent contact list. But it's difficult to find it out. I'll send it to you now."
	Ted indicated that there was nothing he could do. As soon as he saw the message from the path, Jonas was sure that it was Jerry.
	It was not because of the phone number, but the time when David went to take Stacy away from Jerry.
	"Go and find a strange number. Try to use the name of Jerry to ask Emily out." Jonas asked Ted, and it almost occurred to Ted that number belonged to Jerry.
	"After I took him out, he is..." Did he beat him to death or not? The question intrigued Ted, but he, as a good citizen, managed to swallow it. Several policemen were standing aside and should assist with the investigation.
	"Just beat her and let her alive." His voice was full of malice, and the last sentence, as if it was squeezed out of his teeth.
	Ted shivered all over, indicating that he had known what had happened. Then he looked at the police officer who was shocked and said, "I'm just a worker. Don't put me in an awkward position."
	He friendly patted them on the shoulder. Then he quickly located the location of Emily and took his men to set off.
	It was disgraceful to hit a woman, but he had to hit the vicious woman.
	Emily, she was still in a good mood. She didn't know what danger she would face at all.
	Ted's friends had been hanging out with some gangsters quite often, so it was also very easy for them to do these things.
	They had found the place and time. Before she came to herself, she was already taken away.
	Ted didn't take actions himself. He was used to be gentle these days, and didn't feel his strength was enough. So he asked his subordinates to do it. They followed his orders and didn't kill him.
	Especially they slapped her face.
	Emily's face was the most important thing that Emily cared about. They could not help treating her to the extreme. Not long after, Emily was even worse than Melinda.
	Meanwhile, the Gu family was in chaos because of Melinda. In order to avenge Emily and didn't disturb Melinda, so Jonas stayed alone in the study.
	When she woke up, she felt sour and painful all over her body, even her head.
	She looked around and found herself in the house of Gu family. With her eyes wide open, she thought how could she come back here!
	She was on a drip, but she pulled the needle out of her hand casually and supported her weak body to walk outside step by step.
	The only voice in her heart was to get out of here as soon as possible.
	She was injured and needed to rest quietly. Therefore, the Gu's mansion was quiet, which made it convenient for her to leave.
	Though having no idea how she got out of the house, the moment she walked out of the door, she breathed a sigh of relief and continued to walk forward. Thinking of the photos she had seen before, she could not help but burst into tears.
	The little sweetness in the past now was like a joke, laughing at her ignorance.
	Her heart ached as if it had been gnawed by ants. Her steps became heavier and heavier. 
Chapter 327 Back To Mo' Home
	The street in the evening was very bleak. With a hand around her waist, she kept walking ahead. She didn't want to go back home and be worried by her father, but where she should go.
	Melinda was full of grief, but the sky seemed not to be beautiful. It began to rain, and at last it turned into a heavy rain.
	Soaking wet, she walked on the street like a ghost. She didn't know where to go, nor did she know whether it was time to rain.
	She walked mechanically, getting more and more tired, increasingly unable to move her feet. Finally, she fell asleep in the pavilion of the park.
	She couldn't enjoy a peaceful life in her dream. All these years of strange experience floated through her mind, making her feel that she didn't belong to the world at all. She was just a time traveler in a hurry.
	Seeing that Emily was in a coma, Ted and the other people left directly. Not long after they left, Emily immediately came to her sense.
	In fact, she was just pretending to pass out just now. Fortunately, these people were deceived.
	It could be said that except for acting, Emily's acting skills at any time were the best.
	She didn't know where it was. When she was suddenly taken away, she found there was empty. It should be in the suburb.
	Emily found her bag nearby and wanted to call someone to pick her up, but she gave up the idea at the moment when she saw her face.
	His face was totally a disgrace.
	The continuous rain made her mood worse. Emily walked out of the villa with the help of navigation, which made her more angry because of the bad signal in such weather. She didn't know how many wrong roads she had taken halfway.
	The whole night was a long night for everyone. When Jonas found that Melinda was gone, the Gu's mansion was in chaos.
	From the surveillance video, only the weak and unyielding figure of Melinda could be seen. As she walked out of the Gu mansion step by step, the eyes of Jonas were a little red. Although he did not know the final reason why she did so, he was clear that it must have something to do with him.
	Jonas had asked all the people he could use to track down the surveillance video on the way, too. But because of the damage of surveillance video on a part of rain, it was not clear at all.
	It took a lot of time to do that.
	Meanwhile, in the pavilion, Melinda felt colder and colder all over her body. She couldn't help but hold her arms to warm herself in this simple way.
	In the rainy night, there were very few people. When Emily saw the people huddling up, she quickly recognized that it was Melinda.
	Thinking of the poison beating she had just received, she immediately rushed forward angrily. It was indeed Melinda who was sleeping there. Her wound had been treated, and she had changed her clothes.
	Emily was confused. Since she had returned home, why would she still appear here? But it was not the point now.
	At the moment when she saw Melinda, she seemed to have seen a vent of all her resentment. She rushed forward and grabbed her, beating and cursing.
	"You bitch, it's all your fault that I ended up like this." Emily stared at her with a sinister expression, but Melinda still didn't open her eyes.
	In her dream, she seemed to feel pain. She wanted to shout pain, but she didn't make any sound. Her eyelids were so heavy.
	She wanted to wake up, but she couldn't.
	"Why don't you go to hell? You have been dead for a long time." Having lost her marbles, Emily gave full vent to all her anger. However, she still felt a little bit fear since she still didn't wake up.
	Her anger seemed to stop for a moment. Mo Lian frowned, and her lips were bloodless. She lay like a broken doll, but she still tried to protect her child with one hand.
	This was almost the most basic instinct of a mother.
	Looking for a long time outside, while Jonas saw such a scene. His heart was broken and he was full of anger. He stepped forward and threw away Emily.
	He was strengthful. Emily was thrown outside the pavilion like a parabolic line. Rain drops fell on her again, but she laughed, and her laugh was full of sadness.
	Feeling a pang of pain, Jonas hugged Melinda and kept calling her name, yet her body was as cold as a dead person. Eventually, she cried out.
	"It's so cold." She shouted to get close to the warm place, but was stopped by someone unconsciously.
	There was not the only one behind Melinda. There was Ted behind her too. Jonas realized what happened to Melinda and brought her back immediately. And of course, there would be Ted to deal with the following things.
	It was rainy night and the cars in the road were slow. At this time, Jonas didn't care too much. He quickly drove the car to take Melinda home, since it was not far from here.
	He took her home, cleaned her up and wrapped her in bed.
	The family doctor was waiting outside and didn't enter the room until Jonas permitted. But after the examination, he immediately frowned.
	"Mr. Gu, it's better to take Mrs. Gu to the hospital. She is in a serious condition." The doctor was a little worried as he looked at the temperature on the thermometer.
	He didn't have much machines. Since she was pregnant, she had many taboos.
	Hearing this, Jonas just held Melinda without saying a word and went to the hospital belong to Soaring Group. The medical staff had already been there waiting for him when he arrived.
	Even though it was late at night, it was still lively in the hospital.
	Melinda was really not good, just as the family doctor had guessed. She had a high fever all night and could not wake up from sleep.
	She seemed to have a small fever, but why did she get into the emergency room.
	Having escaped from death for several times, the condition of Melinda finally stabilized, and the group of medical staff breathed a sigh of relief. It was a nightmare when they thought of it.
	But it was only because of Jonas' cold face. She didn't look well, they wondered if she was not fine or if they were all fired.
	In the senior VIP ward, it was more like a small and spacious apartment than a ward. She was lying on the bed.
	After a night, her situation was stable, but she did not wake up. In this way, Jonas sat by the bed and protected her the whole night.
	His eyes were red and there were stubble on her chin. Yesterday was like a dream to Jonas. When he woke up, he found that she was still by his side.
	At that time, he felt the fear of losing her again.
	Jonas held her hand and put it on his face, with deep affection in his eyes. He had expressed his love for her countless times in his heart, but in reality, he was only gentle, and he was not good at expressing his feelings.
	It was not possible to conceal the real situation of Melinda to families. In the early morning, Queena and Nelson arrived at the hospital. Nelson said that he was here for examination, and he came here incidentally to have a look.
	Melinda woke up at noon. There was a feeling that it had been a long time since the last time she woke up. Everything around her was strange. Her hand was tightly gripped, and she turned her head with some difficulty. She saw the face of Jonas, which made her complicated.
	Seeing that she was awake, Jonas smiled. His smile was not obvious, but she could feel it.
	This kind of feeling was really wonderful, as if she could know what he was thinking about through a move or a look of him.
	But it only made her feel sadder.
	"Jonas, let's get a divorce." Her voice was hoarse and it was difficult for her to say this. For Jonas, it was like a shock and he passed out with a blow of thunder.
	When he heard the words yesterday, she thought that Melinda was forced or what, but now she still said that.
	"What's the matter, Linda? Do you know what you are talking about?" He could always have mercy on her no matter what happened, but now he couldn't calm down because of the divorce thing.
	Full of grief and indignation, Melinda became even angrier when hearing the innocent question of Jonas. Her chest heaved sharply, and she pulled out her hand that was grasped by him. Then, he slapped Jonas in the face.
	"I said, we should divorce." She said slowly, as if she was afraid that he couldn't her clearly.
	Her voice was still hoarse, but what she said was like a knife stabbing into Jonas's heart.
	In a rage, Melinda plucked the needle from the back of her hand, lifted the quilt, and was about to leave. Jonas wanted to stop her, but was frightened by her hatred in her eyes.
	"Linda, could you have a good rest first?" Jonas said in a humble manner, but she didn't move. She didn't have much strength, but with the help of external force, she stood up, Melinda didn't pay attention to what Jonas said, and she was a little staggering all the way out of the ward. The people around her, who had experienced it all last night, wanted to go up to help, but she ruthlessly refused.
	Melinda walked alone in the world like a trackless walker. Jonas wanted to follow her, but he was stopped by the threats of her. He had to arrange bodyguards to protect her secretly.
	After leaving the hospital, she reached out her hand directly to call a cab to the Mo' Home. At this time, she particularly wanted to put herself into her father's arms and vent her grievances.
	The relationship between her and Jonas was exhausted. Melinda didn't know why she insisted. She felt like she was playing a drama.
	The director of the play, however, the director was Emily. Melinda thought that she did everything according to Emily's expectations. Melinda's life was a mess. All these started with that man, Jonas, who didn't love her at all. 
Chapter 328 A Clean Break
	When Melinda arrived at home, it started to rain again. She felt weak and it was very difficult for her to get off the taxi.
	When she came out, although she did not bring anything else, her cell phone was still with her. She called her father, and it was picked up after ringing for a while.
	When Melinda heard the voice of her father on the phone, her nose became much sourer. She almost choked, "Dad, I'm downstairs. Can you come down and pick me up?"
	"I miss you, Dad."
	Hearing what Melinda said, Vern raised his eyebrows in an instant. Yesterday, Jonas called him, which made him feel that the young couple were at odds, but now it seemed that she was not in the right state.
	But, in any case, Vern would not refuse Melinda. He told her that he would go downstairs very soon and told her to wait and not to hang up.
	Melinda could almost hear the sound of her father's anxious running and the movement of changing shoes at the other end of the phone. Her father had been waiting for the elevator for a long time. He could not help but tell her that the elevator was a bit old and slow.
	She could no longer hold back her tears. The driver wanted to say something, but he shut his mouth. The girl in the back seat looked very sad. She seemed to have just come out of the hospital. Was she seriously ill?
	While the driver was still lost in his thought, Vern had arrived downstairs. The window was open, and he saw his daughter with tears on her face.
	After paying the fare, Vern took Melinda home and finally noticed that there was something wrong with her. She looked very haggard, without any vitality.
	"Is it because Jonas has mistreated you?" Vern was very angry and asked directly, but Melinda did not answer this question.
	She calmly said to her father, "Dad, I want to divorce him. I am really tired. I want to have a sleep. When I wake up, I will be fine."
	As Melinda spoke, she felt dizzy again. She walked into her bedroom and shut herself inside.
	Although she didn't come back often, the bedroom was still neat and tidy. Melinda knew that all this was the care and missing of her father.
	She lay down on the bed and fell asleep. She even wondered why she was so silly to leave this selfless man who loved and cared for her, to come to Jonas and suffer all of these.
	Vern saw that Melinda was not very calm, so he gave her room and time to calm down. But he was surer that it was Jonas who made Melinda suffer.
	Seeing that Melinda was asleep, Vern made an appointment with Jonas, who followed Melinda all the way, and appeared soon after he proposed to meet.
	Jonas thought it was okay to meet with him at Vern's home, but Vern thought his appearance would affect Melinda's mood. In the end, they met at an entertainment club outside.
	It was a room belonging to Jonas. When Vern came, Jonas was sitting upright and poured him a cup of tea. It was a flesh and wine club, but there was such elegant tea in this room.
	Vern had once again realized the power of the Gu family.
	"We don't need to drink this tea, nor do you need to be so hypocritical in front of me. Are you still a man? You can't even protect your wife. What's more, you made her feel wronged and treated her shabbily. I have a very good daughter to give to you, and now she come back to me like that."
	The more Vern said, the angrier he became. He could not help but pour a cup of tea on the handsome face of Jonas. If it was someone else who did it, it would absolutely come to no good end. But this person was Vern, and Jonas would not make any reaction, but accepted it in silence.
	He thought he deserved it.
	Thinking of the pitiful look of Melinda, Vern felt his heart ached. He yelled at Jonas, and finally stopped as if he was a little tired.
	"Father, I didn't want you to worry about it. Now that Linda has gone back, I'll tell you what happened in these two days." Jonas didn't interrupt Vern all the time because he thought he deserved it.
	Vern stopped and Jonas told the whole story. Vern felt a little embarrassed, but said nothing.
	He still looked angry. No matter what, his daughter suffered all these because of this man.
	"If you can't handle these people well, how can you say that you can protect Linda?" said Vern, still unhappy, for he had a very bad impression of Emily.
	The woman was the source of Melinda's nightmare. And the person who brought her was Jonas. In the final analysis, it was all because of Jonas.
	"I know. I'll take care of this. But Linda is not in a good mood now. Dad, please take good care of her first."
	Jonas didn't retort to Vern. He even thought that it was all his fault. Now that there was something wrong with Melinda and his presence would only stimulate her, he thought it would be better not to appear for the time being.
	His attitude made Vern feel that it was a waste of time to say anything. The young man in front of him knew everything, but there were countless setbacks in some things that seemed simple.
	"That's enough. You go and deal with these messes. I will take good care of Linda." With these words, Vern stood up and left straight away. Seeing that Vern listened to his words, Jonas felt secretly relieved.
	During Emily's recovery at home, she met Jerry. It was rare that he came to see her early in the morning. When he saw her look, he even asked about it and gave her some ointment that could remove the scars.
	"You look like a drowned mouse." Looking at Emily, Jerry could not help teasing. Thinking of that day they cheated her in the name of Jerry, Emily could not help complaining in her heart.
	"Jonas's not silly, but don't take him for a fool. You see what happened this time, don't you?" Jerry had seen it with his own eyes. When the accident happened to Melinda, Jonas looked like suffering from shock.
	Melinda was his life. As long as Melinda felt bad, Jonas would be no better.
	The best thing he could do was to let Melinda die, completely ruining Jonas.
	"You weren't that indecisive when you were in the past. How come you let Melinda go? You want her to snitch on you?"
	While saying that, Jerry's anger made Emily more excited. At the thought of the badly reproachful words and beats to Melinda by herself, Emily felt a sense of relief. However, the wound on her body reminded her of the fact that it was all brought by Melinda.
	"You'd better do the same thing as before to make her disappear in this world. Isn't it a good idea?"
	The corners of his mouth were full of evil smile, and he said something that would make people tremble. But after listening to it, Emily thought it made sense.
	It would be the greatest punishment for Melinda to make her disappear in such a way.
	After resting a few days at home, Melinda received a call from Emily. Emily asked her to go to the beach. Although Melinda did not know why Emily called her, she knew that there was absolutely nothing good about it.
	If it was in the past, she would definitely find a way to refuse, but this time she didn't want to avoid. She agreed.
	"Okay, I'll come over then."
	Melinda felt that not only did she need to make a clean break with Jonas, but also between her and Emily. It was just that the relationship of her and Emily was not as peaceful as it seemed.
	She recovered well in the past two days and Vern was finally relieved a lot. Melinda did not hide anything from her father and told him that she was going to see Emily.
	"Dad, she is a nightmare in my heart. I have to find a way to get rid of it. Otherwise, I can't be happy forever,"
	Melinda said in a deep voice. Her father didn't know how to stop her. She looked gentle, but she was stubborn.
	She had sworn again and again that she would be fine, so Vern had no choice but let her go.
	However, he didn't know that Melinda had hidden a knife in her bag. She wanted to cut off the relationship with Emily, and this was doomed to be a miserable one.
	Emily was a cruel person. She did not expect that the so-called kindness could make her back to the reality and get redemption. Emily's heart had been distorted.
	In her world, others were just stumbling block.
	Today, she, the biggest stumbling block, would definitely drop her to death, even if they would perish together.
	After Melinda going out, Vern was still worried, so he called Jonas, telling him that she would meet Emily at the seaside.
	He had overheard their conversation by accident. He thought that Melinda would hide it from him, but she told him directly that she was going to see Emily to make an end.
	Hearing this, Jonas's heart missed a beat. His intuition was not good when he heard about the place by the sea. A person like Emily had a history. She led Melinda to the sea before, and Jonas thought that she was going to push Melinda into the sea.
	"Dad, I see. I'm going to find Linda now. Don't worry. I promise I will keep her safe." Jonas's voice became unstable. He quickly took the car key and left.
	He was racing along the way to the seaside, and he must stop Melinda before she got there.
	Melinda took a taxi to the seaside. The vast sea gave her a temporary relief. She simply parked the car and slowly walked on the coastal road.
	Not far away, Emily stood there and waved at her. The smile on her face was as same as before, but in her bones, it was already dark.
	"You came so early." Emily looked at Melinda and said with a smile. She hadn't had time to make any further arrangement.
	Just as the words fell from her lips, they heard a sound of emergency brake. Then a familiar figure appeared in front of them. 
Chapter 329 Emily's Intention
	Seeing that Melinda and Emily were together, Jonas was totally freaked out. Without thinking anything, he rushed forward quickly, pulled Melinda behind him and protected him from being hurt.
	He and Emily looked at each other, and there seemed to be a knife in his eyes, which made Emily unable to hide.
	"Emily, stay away from Linda. Otherwise, I will show you no mercy."
	Jonas's eyes became fierce. His face was cold and frightening, but when he stood in front of her, Melinda felt a sense of security.
	Last time, Jonas had somebody beat Emily up in order to prevent Melinda from thinking that he was ruthless. Thinking of what Melinda had said, he had been trying to change his character, too.
	But he wouldn't mind turning himself into a devil if those people stopped being cruel.
	He didn't want to talk to Emily at all. Seeing that there was no danger around, he took Melinda directly into his car. Melinda was still in a state of shock and was taken away by Jonas.
	She came here today to sever the relationship with Emily. But why it turned to be like this at last.
	Although she was confused, she felt angry for no reason when she saw Jonas. She shook off his hand and sat on the side.
	There was a big space in the car, but Melinda pretended that there was a deep gap between them, which made Jonas's heavy mood greatly slow down.
	"What the hell is going on?" asked Melinda. She remembered that Emily had told her that they would be together, but why it was so abnormal when Jonas appeared today and gave Emily a warning.
	She seemed to have forgotten some important information, but she couldn't remember it now.
	"Linda, are you a fool to come out to see Emily? Why did she arrange the meeting place at the seaside? She wanted to take advantage of it and hurt you!"
	said Jonas helplessly. Melinda was smart when fighting with him, but she was somewhat stupid when fighting with Emily.
	The beach was a little far from the urban area, so there were not many surveillance cameras and people here. It was more convenient for Emily to do something to Melinda.
	There were countless homicides at the seaside every year. Even if he suspected Emily, he could not prove it.
	"Emily is ill. It is cancer," Melinda said. She suspected that Emily was lying to her, but she heard the news from the doctor yesterday that Emily was advised to have a treatment.
	So she bought it.
	"A bad thing never dies, Emily is fine, you don't need to worry about it." Hearing this, Jonas felt that Melinda was too stupid to believe in the nonsense of Emily.
	Jonas couldn't help but feel a little bit jealous. He was so serious but he couldn't compare with Emily.
	Melinda was still a little stunned. Then, Jonas talked about all these things that happened recently with Melinda carefully. At last, he was sure that Melinda was deceived by Emily.
	"She has gone too far!" Melinda said angrily. She had been preparing to make an end to the relationship with Emily, and if the final ending was her life, she would die. Thinking of this, she felt a pang of fear.
	She still didn't keep an eye on Emily.
	"You can trust me more in the future," said Jonas in a helpless tone. After all, Melinda trusted him less.
	For a couple, love and trust were the two things that could support their relationship to the end.
	Melinda didn't say anything, but it seemed that there were letters on her face that showed that she didn't trust Jonas at all.
	Seeing that she didn't say a word, Jonas began to worry about her again. When he was about to comfort her, he felt that what she needed now was a lesson.
	Hesitating for a while, Jonas chose to give her a sweet warning in the end.
	"Melinda, if you don't trust your husband in the future, the consequences will be serious," Jonas warned her at first, but he was so serious that only three seconds later, and soon he changed his attitude.
	"Linda, I hope you can understand that I will never fall in love with Emily. I did not fall in love with her before. How is it possible now?" said Jonas. He had said that for many times, but every time when Emily appeared, Melinda had forgotten it completely.
	"You're an excellent woman. You're the best in my heart. You're the only woman I love. Trust me and give yourself more confidence, okay?"
	Though Jonas said so, he felt a little powerless in his heart. He knew that it was all because of the stupid things he had done that Melinda was like this.
	That kind of thing made Melinda extremely insecure.
	But it was a fact and what had happened. Since it was useless to say anything more, Jonas didn't mention it any more.
	Melinda still didn't say anything, but the expression on her face changed subtly. It was a relief to know that she was listening.
	Jonas's bossy look really gave her a sense of security. She thought she might be a masochist, otherwise why would she think in this way.
	In fact, she thought it was just because Jonas was always a domineering man who made decisions. He was so gentle that she felt unrealistic.
	"Then what about the photos?"
	Melinda's heart sank at the thought of those obscene pictures.
	"What photos?" asked Jonas, who was confused by the sudden question.
	Seeing his reaction, Melinda began to doubt the authenticity of the photo. After all, what Emily had said and done was generally untrue.
	If Jonas really did something wrong, he should feel guilty at this moment, but not in this way.
	Melinda thought to herself. She felt a little embarrassed to tell Jonas about the photos, but she didn't want to make herself feel uncomfortable. So she told him frankly.
	"Linda, I swear that those pictures must be fake." Jonas made swear at once.
	"If not, I will lose my true love forever."
	It was the biggest punishment for him to lose Melinda. He swore that he would never hurt her, which convinced Melinda completely. Besides, she was angry with herself for being deceived by Emily again and again, with a short memory.
	Her consciousness was weak when she was beaten. There had been too many things happening in the past few days, and Melinda had been immersed in sorrow. Now when she thought carefully, she found too many loopholes.
	It turned out that she had been deceived by Emily from beginning to end, but she believed it foolishly. Emily must have been very proud when she saw it in the dark.
	"It's all over now. Don't think too much, okay?" Jonas comforted her, but Melinda was still somewhat resistant to him.
	What's more, the thing with Emily seemed to be a blow to her, which made her feel a little autistic.
	After she thought everything through, she felt like an idiot.
	Jonas drove Melinda back to their apartment, where only the two of them lived. Due to low spirits, Melinda didn't pay much attention to where she was now.
	She went to the bedroom, grabbed a pillow and leaned against the bed. Jonas knew it was a little movement during Melinda's thinking, so he didn't disturb her.
	But he didn't leave. Last time, he went to the study to spare room for her, which almost made him lose her.
	In fact, Jonas didn't feel better than Melinda. He was always on tenterhooks, worrying that Melinda would be cheated again, as she would leave him at any time.
	Jonas really hated Melinda's not trusting anyone.
	It was getting late. Jonas called the housemaid in the Gu's mansion and asked her to bring a lot of food materials here. He personally cooked for Melinda. Mr. Gu, who had taken off his suit, was a thoughtful husband.
	Melinda smelt the food and went to the kitchen. Seeing that Jonas was cooking soup, she couldn't help but feel a little greedy.
	"You finished thinking about your life?" Seeing that Melinda was approaching, Jonas teased her, and she felt even more depressed.
	She didn't know why she had believed what Emily said, but she was clear in her heart that it was because of Emily's means that her defense of her mind was broken by Emily's fright.
	Pregnant women were fragile.
	Suspicion after pregnancy was almost a skill, though Melinda didn't like it very much.
	"I'm hungry," Melinda said while touching her stomach. Seeing that, Jonas pulled a long face all of a sudden. He took her to the dining table, on which there were four dishes already.
	And every dish he cooked was that Melinda liked. She smiled immediately, and he put the last soup on the table.
	"Let's eat." Touching Melinda's nose with a finger, Jonas said. Then he served her by himself, which made her feel happy all of a sudden.
	This meal was her biggest meal in the past few days. Seeing that Melinda had a good appetite, Jonas felt relieved secretly. Vern had told him that she had no appetite.
	That's why he decided to cook for her himself today. He wanted to make sure that Melinda ate more.
	Melinda's eating, was the greatest affirmation to him
	After helping Melinda settle down, a servant was arranged to stay in the living room by Jonas before going out.
	Ted was acquainted with a lot of people, but Jonas had his own connections in secret. The most famous detective organization in A City was set up by his friend.
	He wanted to find out why Emily did all these things this time, because he felt that all of this must have something to do with Jerry.
	The friend knew Jonas cared about this incident, as he had gone to talk about this to him in person.
	"Don't worry. I will find out it," the man said and Jonas nodded to show his agreement.
	The reason why he turned to them was that they would try some special ways to get the truth.
Chapter 330 Torture For The Truth
	After Jonas left, his friend started to investigate. Now that Emily had committed more and more crimes, she had a way and was good at hiding many facts.
	They chased after Emily like this, but they didn't find the truth. Instead, they had found a lot of smoke grenades, which made them very upset. Finally, they took several brothers and besieged Emily's residence overnight.
	This group of people directly went into the house. While Emily was still asleep, they did not realize that many people had sneaked into their house.
	And these people were just sitting on the sofa.
	They were not in a hurry. They found seats in the living room and even took out computers to deal with other business. Some played mobile games and enjoyed themselves. Anyway, they had their own ways.
	Calling them detective, however, they preferred the address "bandits". Emily's fridge was filled with all kinds of snacks which were now placed on the coffee table.
	The next day, Emily woke up in a daze. When she opened the door of her bedroom and saw the scene outside, she was completely awake.
	She didn't know what was going on, but a man shut down his computer all of a sudden. He glanced at Emily and said to the people around him, "She's awake. Take her away."
	Looking at this group of tall and fierce people, Emily did not dare to say anything, and was taken away rudely. She had originally planned to participate in the event that was hard to get a place. She was well-dressed.
	But before she could see people, she was taken to a place that looked like a rental house.
	The light here was very dim, as if it could not be shone all year round. There were many mirrors around. There was only a set of table and chair in the empty room.
	"Tell me, why did you hurt Melinda?" One of the men approached Emily, with a whip in his hand. He beat it rhythmically, making Emily feel that if she did not answer obediently, the whip might fall on her in the next second.
	Although Emily realized it, she did not compromise and closed her mouth, saying nothing.
	They interrogated her in a mild way, but there was no result. Emily said nothing, and she seemed to be more and more courageous.
	Emily thought she had made so many people angry, and they didn't make a move. They must have scruples, so she dared to be arrogant.
	But soon, Emily would pay for her unclear vision of the current situation.
	"Women are so troublesome. Fuck them. Anyone of you can ask her directly." The leader kicked the chair over because of Emily's cold attitude. A few brothers admired Emily's courage secretly before they took her away.
	It was a piece of cake for them to get this answer. They were excited at the thought of it.
	She was taken to the next room. It was darker than the previous room. The lights above her were on and off, and the surrounding interrogation tools could be used to shoot TV series.
	Suddenly, Emily started to be afraid. With her pupils dilated, she looked at the two people approaching her in horror. "What do you want?"
	"Don't worry. You are not that attractive. We just teach you a little lesson," one of them said with a little anger. He was really disgusted to hear Emily's words.
	Being humiliated like this, Emily was angry. If it were before, she would have cursed him. But today, she stifled her anger.
	"You go first. I'm taking notes now," one of them said, and the other nodded, standing in front of the pile and frowning, thinking about what to use first.
	At last, he reached out his hand and took out a small whip. In fact, what he wanted most was to take a knife and slash her arm. He wanted her to look at the bleeding blood directly. It was exciting just to think about it.
	"Come on, tell me why you did this to Melinda." The man whipped at Emily. She cried out in pain and sweat broke out on her forehead.
	She was too scared to say anything. Her eyes were fixed on the whip. At last, the whip fell on her body.
	At that moment, Emily felt the pain of separation between her skin and flesh and it spread all over her body. She groaned and shed tears instantly.
	"Tell me, who directed you?" This person did not know what was to be tender to a woman at all. He kept a straight face towards Emily, and then he struck her with all his strength.
	Emily still did not say anything. The man became angrier. The smile on his face became much crueler.
	The more stubborn Emily was, the more challenging it would be for them. These people had succeeded for many times, but of course, it would be in vain once they met some professional organization.
	After all, some people were trained so they were not even afraid of hypnosis.
	Although Emily kept her mouth shut, she was really not as strong as those people. She fainted in a few seconds. Seeing this, another recorder said in a helpless tone, "Stop it. Maybe she is too scared to think clearly."
	The man thought what he said made sense. He then put the things on the table, pulled a stool and sat down.
	Jonas was anxious to get the result. It was not until Jonas heard that they took the woman directly that he wanted to come to have a look. Melinda had been beset recently. He found a way to get rid of her and went out quietly.
	He didn't know that he behaved strangely and Melinda began to follow him secretly.
	Melinda just wanted to see what exactly Jonas had done without telling her, but she didn't expect that she would see a tied up Emily, who had passed out. Now she had been splashed water over her head.
	Seeing that Jonas came in, Emily knew it in her heart that it was true that Jonas began to do these things again for Melinda.
	After arriving at the destination, Melinda did not continue to hide, but stood out, and then saw the obvious change in Emily's eyes.
	Nothing happened just now, but now it was a surge of hatred.
	Jonas also saw Melinda, but he didn't find it strange at all. In fact, he knew she was following behind, but in order not to let her think more, he just let her follow.
	Melinda had seen the cruel side of him. If anyone dared to hurt Melinda, it would only happen again and again, so that Melinda could only get used to his ways to deal with these.
	Though Jonas thought so, he was in a panic.
	"Why did you lie to me?" Melinda walked closer to Emily step by step. Her hands always subconsciously protected her lower abdomen. She still couldn't forget the violent beating.
	Her eyes were full of confusion. She insisted on asking for an explanation, but Emily didn't want to say anything. She looked at Melinda with hatred and calculation.
	Those men who questioned her wanted to whip her for her stubbornness, but since Jonas was there, they didn't say anything and they couldn't beat her directly.
	At this moment, the situation was a deadlock. Looking at Emily, Melinda turned around and walked back to Jonas.
	He naturally held Melinda's hand and held her into his arms.
	"Jonas, let her go," Melinda said in a low voice, and also sighed in silence. It didn't matter why Emily lied to her any longer. She just wanted to hurt her and take her life.
	She wasn't afraid even if it would cost herself. The reason seemed to be less important.
	"So does the baby." Seeing that Jonas did not say a word, Melinda touched her lower abdomen and said. Hearing it, Jonas gave a sign to his friends and took Melinda home.
	Emily thought that it was a dark day. Since the moment she returned home, she still had a sense of unreality, or in other words, she could not feel any security in this house. Not long ago, this house was easily broken in by a group of people.
	She should be grateful to Melinda now. If it were not for her appearance, she would have suffered a lot. She didn't think she was a good person and would resist to the end.
	If they were more vicious, she would surely confess.
	Although Emily had been safe, she was still in a panic. Emily took out the mobile phone from the bedroom and directly found Jerry.
	Jerry had felt strange when he couldn't get in touch with Emily before. Now, he had got the answer. Seeing that Emily could not calm down, he had to comfort her anyway.
	"Don't worry, as long as you don't tell others, no one will know. Even Jonas can't do anything to you." While saying that, Jerry felt grateful that Emily didn't expose him so easily.
	However, Emily was like a time bomb now.
	'If such a thing happens again...' Jerry thought while gripping his mobile phone, and a murderous look flashed through his eyes.
	If someone was a threat to him, it would be better to destroy him or her directly.
	"I know. I'm short of money recently. You can transfer some to my account," said Emily. This was also the purpose of this time. He wanted to tell Jerry in this way that if anything happened to her, he would be in a bad situation.
	It was a threat to Jerry.
	Jerry pretended that he did not understand that, and a smile appeared on Jerry's face, and his tone became more and more gentle.
	"Okay. I'll call you later. Have a good rest," Jerry said, but the smile on his face was frightening.
	'Have a good rest, it's better to have a rest forever.'
	After hanging up the phone, Jerry contacted a group of his men, who he hadn't contacted for a long time, and asked them to help him do something. Naturally, they were well paid.
	He wanted Emily to disappear from the world completely, since she could do nothing right.
	In order to frame Jonas, Jerry even chose the way to directly push Emily into the sea.
	He wanted to solve Emily, in case she would cause unnecessary trouble in the future. He used to think that Emily was useful, but now he realized that he had caused a big trouble and he felt it was a bad luck. 
Chapter 331 Attacking The Police
	After hanging up the phone, Emily was still immersed in her own smart ideas, completely unaware that she was just a pawn of Jerry from beginning to end.
	Living in her own house, Emily was afraid. So she asked the sugar daddy to change to another place for her, but she was still afraid. She asked Jerry to hire a bodyguard for her, and was caught again in the night when she thought she was fearless.
	Emily woke up with cold. She thought her temperature hadn't been adjusted well and was about to catch the remote control in a daze, but she didn't expect a handful of sand from it.
	Only when she opened her eyes and looked at everything in front of her did she realize that she was so naive. Everything seemed to go back to that night.
	Around her were several tall men, wearing tight waistcoats and showing their bowing muscles. The bright colored tattoos on their bodies were so clear even at night.
	Emily was still haunted by the question earlier, and now she had to face it again, she was really dumbfounded.
	They tied Emily up with a rope and tried to find something heavy to make her sink into the sea. "Mr. Gu said we should tie her up. Otherwise, the body will float on the sea."
	Mr. Gu? Emily's eyes widened in an instant. Looking at a few people, the few people were all frightened. This woman was still silly just now, how could her eyes be so frightening all of a sudden.
	"It was Jonas Gu who asked you to do this?" Emily asked in a low and hoarse voice. Hearing this, those men looked at each other with a guilty conscience. At last, one of them pushed her away violently and said, "What Jonas? Behave yourself, or we'll teach you a lesson."
	Seeing this, Emily was more sure that it was Jonas who did it. She did not expect that Jonas would do such a crazy thing for Melinda.
	No, she couldn't die in this way. Emily began to struggle with all her strength.
	However, all her efforts were futile and she was finally forced into the sea. The dissatisfied and angry eyes of Emily scared those men in black.
	Suddenly, the sound of police whistle sounded from the beach, which scared the men immediately, but when they thought of what Jerry told them, they looked flustered but actually stable.
	They were not in a hurry to escape, but reminded each other, "Remember, at that time, no matter what, tell them that it was Jonas who asked us to do so."
	The policemen came very soon. They were confused when they received such a report, but when they saw the cars parking on the road in this side, they realized that perhaps someone was really here.
	They walked in a hurry.
	As for the call, it was also made by Jerry. After arranging the men in black, he thought of a good plan with two advantages. It could not only solve the threat of Emily, but also let Jonas suffer.
	He made a good calculation of the time difference.
	The policemen turned on the lights and saw several men in black from a distance. They shouted in an instant. "Stop them at the front. Let's block their cars on the shore,"
	shouted a man, and the others quickly followed up. The few men in black did nothing but hurt people. In a situation like this, running on the beach was naturally not as good as the police.
	Before long, they were caught, but they still resisted.
	"All of you! Get down!" One of the men pressed the man in black who had been trying to resist and said fiercely. There were only a few police officers here, but they were able to subdue these people just the right time.
	The man squatted down, but his eyes were turning around, trying to find the direction to escape, and his body was also uneasy.
	"Don't move." The police was irritated, and the police baton directly pressed on that man's shoulder. That man was finally a little more quiet.
	"What's going on there?" He was the captain of the team, who felt something strange about what had happened tonight, but he could not tell what was strange.
	"I have sent people to look for them. Several people who have committed crimes are here. They didn't run away." The team leader nodded.
	They were five people in total. All of them looked rather disheveled, and some of them were acquainted with the police, coming in and out of the police station from time to time. It was easy to tell that this person was not the mastermind.
	"Let go of me!" Suddenly, there was a man roaring in the quiet atmosphere. He was squatting, but at this time he suddenly stood up and tried to take the police baton on on him to attack the police.
	The police was quick to react. They dodged quickly and subdued the man and buckled him with their partners.
	"You're really a group of hooligans. What should we do with them now?" asked the policeman, who was almost attacked, while looking at the captain of policemen. In such a situation, the person who was pushed down was most likely to be dead now.
	But as policemen, they had to save everyone. Even if there was no hope, they could not easily give up.
	"Buckle them up and take them back," the team leader said and quickly took out the handcuffs to tie up the five men in black.
	On hearing that they were going to the police station, the several men began to fight back again. They were not as strong as the policemen, but they were not weak.
	"Let go of me! I'm not a criminal, how can you take me to the police station?" one of the gangsters shouted loudly. This sea area was the best place for crime, there was no monitor, and it was dark tonight. No one saw what they had done.
	"We've received a report. You just need to cooperate with us. Why are you struggling?" one of the police said. After the other took control of a man in black, he said violently, "No crime? What you did just now was to attack the police!"
	"And you, we have met two days ago. Don't pretend to be a good citizen in front of me." The young policeman pointed at a familiar face and said. That man was distracted as he saw himself recognized.
	"It has been handcuffed. If you dare to resist, you must be locked up for a month." The police captain looked at these people and said. The five people immediately became quiet. The police station was not a place to be trifled with.
	They knew clearly what kind of situation they were in. Once they were sent to a prison, they would suffer a lot.
	All of them were in handcuffs and were pressed ashore by the police. There were two police cars, so they couldn't take so many people away. Finally, the captain had someone check the cars of the men in black and found that it was all fine, so he directly drove to the temporary vehicles.
	Although they were handcuffed, they were not convinced.
	"Aren't you a bunch of people bullying people? Policemen? Shame on you!" A man looked at the policemen and said contemptuously.
	For a long time, they thought they were the king. They could frighten many people or beat them up, but every time they met the police, they were just like weak chicken.
	But it also explained that the police force of A City were not joking.
	"Attacking the police and abusing the police are two charges combined. You will have enough," said the policeman, driving.
	He was amused by their childish remarks. But when he thought of the crime they had committed, he felt sorry for them.
	Those who looked like children did exactly the devil things.
	His smile gradually disappeared. Since the day he became a policeman, he had seen too much darkness in the world. Some people even didn't understand why they had committed the crime.
	They may be a good person in normal times. But when they committed crimes, they lost themselves. When he asked them why, they just couldn't understand and feel guilty.
	But there was another kind of people who felt great about killing others. They thought that they dared to do what others didn't dare to do.
	"You cops are disgusting, you use your power over people. If you have the guts to fight with me, you can do anything to me if you win,"
	the man said with disdain, but his words stimulated the police. If they were not threatened, they would not have been so quiet just now, although the end would be the same. The other side had more people and more skillful than them.
	He knew it was true, but he just didn't want to admit it. And when he said the challenge, he was tempted.
	The young policeman wanted to say something but was stopped by his colleague.
	"If you want to have the chance to fight one-on-one, you can stay in the police station and we will arrange fights for you time to time. But if you beat policeman, you have to be in the police station for several more months."
	The policeman looked calm. He had seen too many of these people's means, and it had no effect at all.
	On the contrary, the young policeman who was driving was almost led there by these men. Fortunately, someone stopped him in time. He felt a little embarrassed and then shut his mouth.
	"Both of you should be careful. If you have time to provoke us now, you'd better think about how to explain it obediently when we arrive at the police station," the calm policeman said.
	He deliberately stressed the word of "obediently", which showed that these people might not cooperate with them obediently.
	"Can't we express our thoughts?" the man said, but he was not as aggressive as he had been a moment ago. At the thought of the life in the police station, he was really scared.
	Most of the time, they were regular visitors here.
	The policeman, who had been silent all this time, spoke, "Every citizen has his freedom of speaking..."
	He made a long speech of the law. The two men in black began to feel their heads start aching. In the end, in order to protect their ears from provocation, they calmed down.
	Seeing that, the young policeman who was driving the car smiled all of a sudden. "Jason is really good at it. You teach them a lesson, and then they are obedient."
	They wanted to argue with him, but they looked at Jason and kept their mouths shut.
	The police not only threatened people, but also was good at making a speech.
	In their opinion, what Jason said was no different from sacred scriptures. The only certainty was that Jason made it clear that they had committed a crime, and their opinions could be ignored now.
	When the time came, he would let them talk.
Chapter 332 Cooperate With The Investigation
	When they arrived at the police station, they were taken directly to the interrogation room. They were separated into three cars just now. At this time, when the five brothers met, it was most likely to be the brother who was in the separate car alone.
	Without the accompany of his brothers, and the man sitting next to him was the captain with the most powerful aura, he felt a little fear.
	And those who could be in pairs were also educated. At this time, all of them squatted in the interrogation room, holding their heads and looking at the floor. But their eyes quietly contacted for several times.
	These policemen had seen a lot of such small gangs committing crimes, and they saw that they were actually making secret signals. One of policeman pounded the table and said to them, "don't look at with each other. You will be interrogated separately later."
	The captain had arranged two policemen to interrogate one of them, while the others were just outside. This was actually a psychological tactic.
	Although the interrogation was separated, the results were unprecedented consistent. When the two interrogation policemen handed the sorted data to the captain, he frowned deeply.
	"It seems that their answers were arranged. There must be something hidden in that."
	The captain said after reading it, and the others nodded in agreement.
	"Let's interrogate them together." At last, the captain made the decision. Everyone else was shocked. The young policeman even began to murmur, "together?"
	He always thought that the captain's idea was right, but he still felt strange at this time.
	"Let's interrogate them together. Someone will make mistakes."
	Another man who had been followed the captain for many years said. The interrogation room became lively again. The five people squatted together, but the big and big posture was looked like old ladies, which made people laugh.
	"Tell me, what did you do by the sea just now? Did you throw someone into sea?" The person in charge of interrogation was an experienced person, and his tone and expression were good.
	Hearing this, the five shook their head and said, "we did nothing.", "Nothing? What about attacking the police just now? " The interrogators asked and thought that this group of people were stubborn, and they did feel that this matter might not be that simple.
	These people thought it was okay, but they didn't know that the more they acted, the more suspicious they were.
	"We didn't attack the police. We defended ourselves." The man in black who said he was going to fight one on one just now began to mumble again. The others didn't know how to answer, but felt that they only needed to nod.
	"Do you really think there is no surveillance camera at the seaside? Your behaviors have been photographed by the car camera. " One of the policemen said. It was an unexpected finding. Who would have thought that they would be photographed for these crimes by themselves?
	The others were also a little confused, and then realized that they had set themselves up. Now they could not deny that it was all arranged by Jonas.
	"It was Jonas Gu who gave us a sum of money and asked us to do so. We just do things for the money." One of them complained in a sobbing tone, which made the policemen frown.
	"Money? Do you think you can do such a cruel thing for money? Can you disregard your life? " One of the policeman said angrily. The five shrank their necks and said nothing.
	But no one believed that they said it was done by Jonas. They had known a lot about him and knew what kind of person he was.
	Especially the captain, he had a good relationship with Jonas and knew what kind of person he was. He just looked cruel, but he had his own bottom line. He couldn't kill a person.
	"It seems that you are not educated enough to tell the truth." The team leader was a middle-aged man with sharp eyes and brows. His aura was full of integrity.
	His sharp eyes seemed to be able to see all the dirty things in the world.
	"Are you kidding me? We said it, but you didn't believe it. " The man in Black said. He was always the man who stood out and spoke out everything.
	He looked extremely disdainful, but he was a little flustered in his heart. 'These policeman actually trusted Jonas so much.'
	Thinking of what Jerry had told him, a trace of determination flashed through his eyes.
	"We know what kind of person Mr. Gu is, but you didn't tell the truth from beginning to end." The interrogation police said. Thinking that they were either hiding or lying, what they sorted out could almost be used as a piece of waste paper.
	"We're telling the truth. It's all arranged by Jonas Gu." The man said again, determined to put the blame on Jonas.
	"If you don't want to tell the truth, just let yourselves suffer." The captain said. Apparently, he didn't want to listen to their nonsense here anymore.
	Although every policeman thought they were lying, but the men in black insisted that it was Jonas who asked them to do it.
	The captain arranged another interrogation. This time, it was obviously not as gentle as last time. He just created psychological pressure, but anyway, the results were the same.
	"Captain, it doesn't seem to be a lie." One of the interrogation policemen said. They naturally needed to learn a little bit of psychology for interrogation. From the performance of several people just now, their firm eyes did not seem to be lying.
	But it can be denied that maybe they had been subconsciously infusing this idea into their mind and convinced themselves of the lie. In this way, it was easy to hide it from others.
	"Is it the same?" Asked the captain. The interrogation man nodded, "although it's a little different, it's generally the same. After all, the way of memorizing things is different."
	"In that case, you can contact Mr. Gu and ask him to cooperate with you to make a record."
	The captain didn't hesitate too much and arranged it directly. Whether it had anything to do with Jonas or not, he was now involved.
	Those young policemen only had a cold impression of Jonas, so they stood still at this time. In the end, the captain, Jason Zhang, called him in person.
	It was already midnight. Jonas and Melinda were sleeping. When the phone rang, both of them were awakened.
	He muted the phone and patted on her shoulder to let her sleep. Then he got out of bed and went to the balcony to answer the phone.
	When he saw the number on the screen, a touch of suspicion flashed through his mind. It was a call from the police station at night.
	He had a bad feeling.
	"Hello." Even though he just woke up, his voice was cold. He didn't say anything, but waited for the person on the other side to speak.
	"Mr. Gu, this is Jason." He said with a smile. Although he was used to the voice, he was still a little scared when he heard it.
	"Jason, why are you calling me so late?" Jonas was quite familiar with Jason because he often went on missions with his friends, and Jonas would remember it after a long time. Moreover, he had a good memory.
	"Mr. Gu, there was a murder tonight. It has something to do with you. We need you to cooperate with the investigation." Jason said bluntly.
	Hearing this, Jonas understood. No wonder he had a bad feeling. It turned out that something really came to him.
	"Someone I know?" He didn't think it was that simple. There must be something Jason didn't tell him.
	"I think you know them. We received the call and caught several people in time. They said… It was your arrangement, so I need your cooperation now. I hope you can understand. "
	Jason said, and the look in Jonas' eyes suddenly became dangerous. He didn't make things difficult for Jason, but told them not to bother to find someone to pick him up. Later, he would personally go to the police station to cooperate with the investigation.
	When Jonas returned to the bedroom, he found that Mo Lian was sitting on the bed with her eyes wide open. She looked so adorable that he couldn't help kissing her on the cheek.
	"Go to sleep." Jonas said and went to the cloakroom to get his clothes. Melinda stood up and hugged him from behind, very dependent on him.
	"Is there anything wrong with the company?" The only thing she could think of was the company affairs.
	Obviously, Jonas was in a dilemma and didn't know how to tell her.
	The more she thought about it, the more flustered she became. In fact, she didn't sleep well last night. She had been having nightmares all the time. When the phone rang, she woke up from the nightmare. However, what Jonas done made her scared.
	"I have something to deal with. Can you go to bed first?" Said Jonas in a soft voice, but Melinda was stubborn. She looked at him with her big eyes.
	He sighed helplessly and then told her that he had received a call from the police.
	"It's obvious that someone is framing you. Why did you go there?" Hearing this, Melinda was displeased. It didn't matter if she misunderstood him, but if others misunderstood Jonas, she would feel very angry.
	It was a typical gesture to protect a child.
	"It's okay. You know it's a frame, So I have to go to the police station." Said Jonas calmly. Then he changed his clothes and went to the police station directly.
	It seemed that Melinda wanted to follow but was stopped. Jonas asked her to take good care of the baby in her belly. Looking at his back, Melinda became more and more flustered.
	When the car was started, Amelia wanted to run out, but she held it back at last. Standing at the door, the night wind blew her coat, making people feel that she was more fragile.
	The car had completely disappeared from her sight, but she was unwilling to leave and stood at the door blankly. The servant on duty saw this and advised her to go back to her bedroom to rest.
	She didn't know what was going on. She just thought that the two had quarreled.
	Melinda's face was pale, with cold sweat on her forehead and her lips bloodless.
	She was worried about him, so she glanced at the servant and then fainted on the ground.
Chapter 333 Being Stimulated
	"Young Mistress, Young Mistress!" The servant was frightened and hurried forward to check the situation. Yao Qinqin had a light sleep and heard some noise just now, but she didn't care about it.
	When she heard the servant's voice, she immediately got up from the bed and quickly went to the first floor.
	One of the lights on the first floor was turned on. It was still dim and the range of vision was very limited, but the door was very bright. Seeing that Melinda was lying on the floor, Queena was frightened.
	"What happened?" She asked anxiously and walked faster. The servant didn't dare to help Melinda who lie on the ground and looked at her anxiously. Even if she was in a coma, she muttered something.
	Queena got closer and heard the murmur of Melinda. It was the name of Jonas.
	"Mellie, Mellie..." Queena stepped forward, gently held up her and gently called her in her ear, but she didn't have any reaction. She kept calling the name of Jonas.
	Queena called her several more times, but she still didn't respond. She suddenly realized something was wrong and shouted at the servant, "call the people in hospital."
	"Oh, okay." It took a long time for the servant to react. Then she quickly went to the telephone and dialed the number of the hospital belong to the Soaring Group, asking the ambulance to pick Melinda up at home.
	The people of Soaring Group didn't dare to delay for a moment because of the accident. They immediately arranged the best medical staff to go to the Gu's mansion.
	Queena and the servant took Melinda to the lounge on the first floor. Melinda was in a coma, but she kept shouting "don't leave" at her mouth.
	"Did Yong Master and Young Mistress quarrel just now? Where is him? " Noticing that something was wrong, Queena asked the servant on duty about the situation at that time.
	The servant thought for a while and finally felt that there was nothing wrong between the two, and it didn't look like they had quarreled.
	She shook her head and said, "Yong Master just went out. It seems that he is in a hurry."
	Hearing this, Queena frowned in an instant. If he went out at this time, was it because of Emily again?
	Although it was not very similar to the fact, it was half right. Half of the reason why Jonas went out was indeed because of Emily.
	And the truth, now only the unconscious Melinda knew.
	The fact that Melinda was in a coma soon alarmed the people in the Gu's mansion. Seeing her like this, Jerry was very happy. He knew that his plan must have succeeded.
	Even so, he still pretended to care about her.
	Alston's worry about Melinda was limited to the baby in her belly. Hearing that it had something to do with Jonas, Nelson was furious and said that he would give him a good lesson.
	No matter what the group of people done, she did not wake up, but the whisper was clearly heard by everyone.
	The doctors and nurses came quickly and lifted her up to the ambulance. Only Queena followed her, and doctors gave Melinda a simple examination in the car.
	Queena didn't understand the situation at that time. The doctor's equipment was limited, and the specific reason couldn't be found out, but they still told Queena that she was fine for the time being, and asked Queena not to worry too much.
	The hospital had already arranged for her. When Melinda arrived, she was directly taken to have a full examination. Since she was pregnant, a group of medical staff were more careful.
	Queena had been waiting outside.
	A series of examinations took a lot of time. After the doctor came out, he told Queena the results he had obtained. "Young Mistress must have been stimulated. Pregnant women are easy to be emotional, so she fainted."
	"The fetus is a little affected, but it's not a big problem. It's better to stay in hospital for a few days for observation." The doctor said that if it was an ordinary person, their doctor might have arranged him to be hospitalized directly instead of asking.
	After all, there was a family doctor in the Gu's mansion. Not everyone liked hospital.
	As soon as Queena heard that the fetus was affected, she felt that things must be taken seriously.
	"Arrange that. The ward should be quiet."
	Queena asked. Gu family must be hospitalized in a VIP ward, which was separated from each other and would not be disturbed.
	What's more, it did need to be quiet to nourish the fetus.
	"I'm going to apply for hospitalization for her." Queena said. Although she was a shareholder here, she had to go through the procedures.
	Queena's cooperation made the doctor secretly relieved.
	The doctor and nurses pushed Melinda to the ward, and Queena went to complete the admission procedures for her. As Queena came out in a hurry, she didn't bring her ID card.
	Queena called her home and asked someone to bring it and some clothes here. She wasted a lot of time during this period.
	When she returned to the ward, Melinda was still in a coma, with a pale face.
	Queena sat down next to Melinda. Although Melinda was a little quieter than before, she was still calling the name of Jonas stubbornly.
	Queena hadn't contacted with him yet, and she didn't know the details. She just hoped that the two children could be fine.
	A servant quietly walked into the ward and tidied up these clothes. This was a ward like an apartment, which was spacious and convenient, and the bed for Queena was not small.
	"Madam, would you like to go back and have a rest? I can take care of her here." The servant looked at Queena and was not used to Queena taking care of Melinda in person.
	But Queena didn't feel anything wrong. Melinda was very fragile at the moment, and what she needed was companionship. How sad she would be if she woke up and saw a servant instead of a familiar person.
	"I'm fine. You can go back first."
	Said Queena. She didn't mind it at all. Seeing that Melinda's mouth was dry, she wiped her lips with a wet cotton swab.
	The servant didn't know what to say, so she left directly.
	Melinda was still pregnant, so she couldn't always be put on a drip. The doctor had given her a nutrient solution, but there was a little medicine mixed with it to calm her down.
	She gradually calmed down.
	Queena breathed a sigh of relief. She was moved when she thought of the time Melinda called Jonas when she was in a coma.
	She had suspected many times that her love for Jonas had a purpose, but this time she strongly felt that her love for him was from the bottom of her heart.
	There was no conspiracy in her minds. She just loved him.
	"What a silly girl!" Looking at Melinda's face, Queena couldn't help but touch her hair gently.
	She swore to herself that she would treat Melinda like her own daughter in the future, because Melinda was the one who loved him as much as she was in the world.
	Thinking of this, Queena couldn't help but think of Emily. She just felt that Emily's love was so bigoted that it made people feel scared and disgusted.
	Melinda's whole body was in chaos. She thought that the scene in her dream became more and more terrifying when she saw that Jonas left. He walked farther and farther, and then he did not come back.
	When she mentioned this name to others, others were confused. On the contrary, the Jerry became more and more famous. This series of dreams made her forehead sweat.
	She was more and more afraid that all this would happen.
	Melinda was the wife of Jonas. People in the hospital knew that she was very important to him, so her test result came out soon.
	The doctor came to the ward in person and explained those professional terms to Queena.
	They were used to writing in a vigorous and vigorous way, but this time their handwriting was unusually correct, in order to let Queena understand.
	"Is she just emotionally influenced?" Queena looked at it, which was also the result she thought of. She have guessed it since Melinda kept calling the name of Jonas.
	"Well, it's very likely that she was stimulated." The doctor said that through the examination, it could be found that her mood fluctuated greatly. She must have been affected.
	Moreover, as a pregnant woman, the most important thing for her was her emotions. She fainted when she was stimulated.
	Fortunately, it was not serious this time. She just fell to the ground. If she accidentally fell to the stairs, the child might be in danger.
	So pregnant people should be very careful.
	"Is she just need to rest for a few days?" Queena only cared about her recovery. She felt so sorry for Melinda when saw her like this.
	But her question put the doctor in a dilemma. In the end, he chose to tell the truth. "We don't know what exactly irritated Young Mistress. Will it affect her in the future? Now the most important thing is to solve the source of the stimulation."
	The doctor's words made Queena's head spin. She didn't know how on earth Melinda was stimulated. It seemed that she could only wait for Melinda to wake up.
	"Let Young Mistress have a good rest and don't be irritated." The doctor said with a gentle smile. Queena nodded and sent the doctor out of the ward.
	On the bed, Melinda was still uneasy. Worried, Queena left the ward and began to contact Jonas.
	But no one answered the phone. Queena got the phone number of Ted through William. Tedwas the person that Jonas trusted most, so Ted may know everything now.
	Hearing her question, Ted didn't hide anything and directly told her that Jonas were in the police station. Not only Melinda, but Queena almost fainted when she heard this.
	"Why is he in the police station? What did he cooperate with the investigation? " Queena tried to calm down and asked.
	But it seemed that Ted didn't know much about it. He only received a call from Jonas who asking him to pay more attention to the company's situation in the next two days.
	"Mrs. Queena, you should trust Mr. Gu. He will be fine. Someone must be doing something bad this time." Said Ted in a respectful tone.
	Queena suddenly sighed with emotion. Her son had such a good assistant by his side, and she believed that Jonas would not do anything wrong.
	Mellie was just pitiful, and now she was suffering from fear here. 
Chapter 334 Melinda Woke Up
	Queena looked after Melinda the whole night. When she was tired, she would rest on the small bed beside. She had been living a noble life for a long time, so she was not used to it.
	In the end, she couldn't sleep well, so she just leaned against the sofa and read.
	Melinda had been on a drip the whole night. Worried that she might be negligent, Queena asked a nurse to accompany her. After the infusion, the nurse left quietly.
	She didn't have much rest the whole night and was a little sleepy. She yawned and fell asleep leaning against the sofa.
	Melinda felt that her head was heavy as if it weighed a thousand pounds, and so was her eyelids. It took her a lot of effort to open her eyes.
	It was white in her eyes, and there was the smell of disinfectant and faint medicine in her breath. Covering her head, she recalled what happened yesterday, and then became anxious.
	"Jonas." She said. She had fainted, and Jonas would definitely appear. He wouldn't leave her alone, but why didn't.
	Yao Qinqin was shocked by Mo Lian's shout. Then she quickly stood up and walked to her side, looking at her worriedly.
	Seeing Queena, Melinda held her hand tightly as if she had seen a savior, and her eyes were full of fear. "Mommy, where is Jonas? How is he?"
	Looking at Melinda's face, Queena felt bad, but at the same time, she felt more distressed. She kept murmuring the name of Jonas the whole night, and her voice was still a little hoarse.
	She spoke carefully as if she was crying.
	"You scared me to death yesterday. Now the most important thing is to recuperate your body, okay?" Queena ignored this topic and asked Melinda to have a good rest.
	However, when she heard this, she frowned more tightly.
	"Mommy, where is Jonas?" She stubbornly wanted an answer. Maybe it was because she was a little excited that she felt the weight on her head again.
	Melinda covered her head with her hand and looked a little painful. Queena was worried at the first sight. She quickly reached out to hold Melinda and handed the warm water to her.
	She didn't refuse. After drinking some water, she felt much better, but her heart still felt as if it was held tightly by something, making her difficult to breathe.
	"You should tell others if you feel uncomfortable. Don't bear it alone, okay?" Queena took the cup from Melinda's hand, put it aside and comforted her.
	Queena was really worried that if she behaved like this, she would hurt herself and the baby in her womb.
	"I'm fine, Mommy. Can you..." Melinda was about to ask something about Jonas, but Queena changed the topic.
	"The doctor said yesterday that you can't be too emotional, so you should calm down now, okay?" Queena said, reminding her that she was too excited now and had better calm down.
	At the thought of the scene that Jonas left last night, Melinda couldn't calm down at all.
	If it was in the past, she might think that she was not good enough and that was why Jonas didn't come to the hospital to see her.
	But now she knew that something might have happened since he didn't come.
	"Mommy, I'm really fine. I'll calm myself down. Tell me what happened to him, okay?"
	Melinda looked at Queena with almost pleading eyes. She was wearing hospital's hospital gown with stripes. Although she was pregnant, she looked still thin. Wearing this dress on her, it looked very wide for her.
	She looked even more petite.
	Melinda's face was morbid and weak, and her lips were a little dry. She licked her lips, eager for an answer.
	But Queena pretended not to hear, and didn't mention him at all.
	There was no news about him, and Queena was also very worried. She was almost too afraid to thought that she would not be able to hold on, and to mention Melinda. She couldn't make her condition worse.
	"Mellie, didn't I go to the party yesterday? Guess who I met. " Queena changed the topic again. Melinda thought it was not good for her not to answer.
	The smile on her face was a little forced, and she was absent-minded when she spoke.
	"Who did Mommy meet yesterday? Is she an old friend? " Said Melinda. She really didn't know how to answer this topic. In the past, she would have guessed who it was, but now she was really not in the mood.
	Queena didn't care. She knew how Melinda was feeling now. Seeing that she was sad and still had to talk to her, she felt more pitiful.
	Perhaps she was such a pitiful child.
	Most of the time, she always thought for others, but didn't think about herself. She just shifted her attention a little.
	"It's your friend. I haven't seen him for a long time. I don't know his name, but he recognized me at once."
	Queena was talking about Kent. When she saw him, she was also surprised for a long time. Perhaps she had experienced too much, so her thoughts were not like before.
	After the conversation, she felt that Kent was also a good boy.
	"Kent? I haven't seen him for a long time. " Thinking of the man called Kent, she was even in a trance.
	"Well, he is fine now." Said Queena. Melinda thought it made sense and nodded in agreement.
	Queena used to mind the relationship between Melinda and Kent, but now she thought it was a good thing that Melinda had such a friend. For example, if Kent was here this time, he probably knew how to comfort her.
	"Yes."
	Melinda said absent mindedly. She wanted to say something but stopped on a second thought. She looked at Queena and wanted to ask about Jonas.
	"Is he single now? Good boy. I can introduce the good girls that I knows to him in the future. Isn't it often said that one must make a marriage in his life? "
	Queena continued. Thinking of the situation of Kent, Melinda shook her head. It seemed that he had divorced his wife, but they hadn't contacted each other for a long time. She didn't know what was going on now.
	"I haven't contacted him for a long time and I don't know how he is feeling now." Obviously, Melinda didn't care about these things so much.
	Queena nodded and thought about what to continue, but Melinda couldn't help asking again, "Mommy, tell me what happened to Jonas, please."
	Looking at her like this, Yao Qinqin felt more and more sad, especially when she thought of the scene that she had been calling the name "Bob" after she fainted yesterday.
	"I don't know what you are talking about. I was almost scared to death when I heard the servant say that you fainted yesterday. If you were not feeling well and you won't tell me, I'll never know. Did you get angry because of Jonas?"
	Said Queena, trying to avoid this topic. At last, she simply pretended that she knew nothing. She didn't know if she could fool Melinda in this way.
	As a shrewd person, Melinda would always find something wrong, but at this time, she did not realize anything.
	Her face became more and more anxious. She grabbed Queena's arm and said, "Mommy, we didn't quarrel. Jonas was called by the police. He's fine, right?"
	It seemed that Melinda was grasping the last straw to save her, Melinda hoped that Queena could tell her that Jonas was fine.
	Queena's face became more and more complicated, and she didn't know how to tell Melinda about it.
	There was no news from Jonas, and she couldn't get in touch with him now. Ted had said that he would tell her immediately if anything happened.
	But she hadn't received any news yet.
	"Mellie, didn't you quarrel with Jonas?" However, Queena deliberately misinterpreted the key point, with a look of rejoicing on her face, as long as the two of them did not quarrel.
	However, the more she behaved like this, the more Melinda felt that something was wrong. She simply asked, "Mommy, did Jonas go home?"
	If he already went home, there would be nothing else. If she didn't go home… It was possible that he was still in the police station.
	Thinking of this, Melinda became excited again. Seeing this, Queena was even more worried.
	The doctor said that she couldn't be stimulated, but before she told Melinda the situation, she had already been like this. If she told her the situation, she may become worse.
	Her son was in trouble now, so she had to help him take care of his wife.
	"He's very busy every day. I only see him a few times. I don't know if he's home or not. Mommy will call you later. But he should be in the company at this time."
	Queena said, trying to change the topic again.
	"Let's call William and Ted now. They must know where Jonas is." Said Melinda, looking for her phone excitedly, which shocked Queena.
	But then Queena saw the frustrated look on her face. Her phone was still at home.
	"Mommy, can I borrow your phone?" Melinda looked at Queena and said. Queena turned her eyes and said guiltily, "I don't have any phone calls from William. Why don't you wait for them?"
	Melinda didn't know what to do and became more anxious.
	Queena was worried secretly, but she had no other choice now. Jonas hadn't gone home, and she didn't know what was going on in the police station.
	Ted had already used her own method to inquire about it, only to find that the news seemed to have something to do with Emily. It seemed that no one knew who had plotted to harm her, and no one knew whether she was still alive, and the pan was covered on Jonas.
	Queena was worried, but she had no choice. She could only wait for the news and comfort Melinda. But the more she did so, the more she saw the importance of Jonas to Melinda. 
Chapter 335 A Sleepless Night
	Queena really didn't know how to answer Melinda. It was the first time that Queena had an impulse to run away while talking with Melinda, and she did it at this time.
	Queena stood up from her seat. She was still wearing the same clothes as yesterday, and now they were a little wrinkled. If it was in the past, it would never appear on Queena.
	Too many things had happened overnight that she had no time to pay attention to herself.
	She walked unsteadily. Finally, she walked to the window and opened the curtain. It was sunny outside.
	It was as if a new day had come. Looking at the sun outside, Melinda felt that it couldn't shine into her heart. But Queena looked at the outside weather and said to Melinda, "The weather is really good today. It's getting late. I'll go outside to buy you breakfast."
	Melinda squinted at the sun outside the window, confused.
	"The food in the hospital is not delicious. What do you like to eat? Mommy will buy it for you," said Queena. Looking at her, Melinda also noticed that Queena was trying to escape.
	She forced a smile and said she could eat anything.
	Looking at her expression, Queena had mixed feelings in her heart. She could tell that Melinda had no appetite at all, but she didn't want her to worry, so she kept pretending that she was fine.
	The more sensible the child, the more people felt distressed. This was indeed true.
	Queena left the ward with mixed feelings. It was widely acknowledged that the food in the hospital was not good, but the food in Soaring Group's hospital was not bad, especially in the VIP ward, and they were carefully served.
	It was a prosperous place, and there were many breakfast shops not far downstairs. Queena was usually fastidious, but today she was somewhat absent-minded. She casually took a cleaner shop and ordered a few breakfasts.
	The shop owner's business was good. Queena waited for a long time before she got the breakfast. During this period of time, what Queena thought most was how to answer the questions of Melinda later.
	She was eager to know more about the situation from Ted.
	"Alas," Queena sighed and then walked towards the ward with breakfast. When she reached the door, she saw several doctors and nurses outside. When they saw her come back, they all smiled and greeted, "Good morning, Mrs. Queena."
	"Madam, did you go to buy breakfast? Don't you like the breakfast in the hospital?" the doctor asked cautiously. After all, Queena was the major shareholder of the company.
	The major shareholder was not satisfied with the food in the hospital, which would make the canteen tremble.
	"The breakfast in the hospital is good, but I usually go out for a walk in the morning, so I bought it by the way," Queena said, and then pushed the door open. She walked in first, and then a group of medical staff came in.
	Melinda was lying on the bed, frightened.
	Queena put the breakfast aside and said to Melinda, "The doctor came to examine you. The breakfast is a little hot, and you can eat it just right after the examination."
	Melinda nodded obediently. The nurse helped her adjust the bed's angle to make her more comfortable.
	It was not an injury, nor anything else. It was just a routine examination, such as blood pressure. It was not troublesome for her to finish a series of tests, but the doctor was still very careful. He was afraid that he had missed something, and the nurse who remembered her condition was more careful.
	"Everything was fine. You are recovering well. But you still have to pay attention to your emotions. Too much worry will make your condition worse. You are still a little weak,"
	the doctor said after he looked at Queena. Queena nodded to show that she knew it. In fact, she was also worried. What should she do when Melinda looked like this?
	Melinda had always been taking good care of herself, but her body was like soil that did not absorb nutrition. No matter how much she ate, the effect would not be good.
	"Does she need nutrition fluid these two days?" Queena asked. Since Melinda couldn't absorb the nutrition, she'd better not inject that.
	The doctor obviously knew the patient's physique. He said directly, "Although the effect is not very obvious, it still exists. Young Mistress looks much better today than yesterday. She will be fine in a few more days."
	"Okay, you'll be responsible for Mellie's situation," Queena said politely, but there was a potential threat in her words. Hearing this, the doctor immediately felt cold sweat. It was really not a good job.
	But he had no choice. He happened to be on duty yesterday.
	"I will arrange everything according to Young Mistress's condition these two days. Don't worry, madam," said the doctor. Queena nodded with satisfaction. At the same time, she felt much relieved after hearing the doctor's words.
	Jonas's situation was something in her mind that she couldn't tell. As for the situation of Melinda, it was obvious that she was worried.
	The topic of the doctor and Queena was basically about Melinda's condition. At last, the doctor told them to pay attention to mood again, and then he left with a group of people.
	After the doctor left, Queena went to the table, supported the small table on the bed, and put the breakfast she bought on it.
	"I'm sorry. I've lived with you for a long time and I don't know your taste. I bought these since they look good today. If you like them, eat more. If you don't like them, I will buy something else,"
	Queena said. When she was shopping just now, she realized this problem and felt guilty. She wanted to be good to Melinda, but in the end, she didn't even know her preferences.
	"It's okay. That's good."
	The small dining table was not big. All the things bought by Queena were placed on it. When they were opened one by one, they were filled with a strong fragrance.
	The breakfast near the hospital was light but also appetizing.
	Queena bought congee, as well as desserts. Melinda always liked rice congee with pickles, but after pregnancy, Queena controlled her to eat these kind of food as little as possible.
	Today, she bought her shrimp and spareribs congee. Melinda had no appetite and thought everything was the same. For the sake of the baby in her belly, she forced herself to eat less than half a bowl.
	Seeing her eating, Queena felt uncomfortable. At last, she packed up her things and said that she did not have to eat since she didn't want to eat. She would ask someone to buy it when she was hungry.
	She said that the food outside was not as delicious as the food at home, so she asked the servants to prepare it at noon.
	"Mommy, you haven't eaten either, have you?" Seeing that Queena had been taking care of her and she didn't even drink any water, Melinda was moved.
	She felt guilty that she didn't care about her, so she asked with a little embarrassment.
	"It's okay. I've bought myself some. I'll eat after you finish eating. You're not feeling well now. It's my duty to take care of you. Don't feel embarrassed,"
	Queena comforted her, which moved Melinda.
	"Mommy, you can eat first. I'm fine," said Melinda. She sat on the bed obediently. She had just eaten enough and didn't dare to lie down, or her stomach would be uncomfortable. But she needed to stay in bed for a rest.
	If not, Melinda would have got out of bed and walked around.
	Queena also had no appetite, but just like Melinda, she didn't want to make the other one worry, so she ate a lot. But in the end, she bought a lot of breakfast, but she didn't eat much.
	The ward was cleaned up by Queena herself. After she cleaned up, Melinda couldn't help but ask, "Mommy, is there anything wrong with me?"
	In fact, Queena avoided her in the conversation with the doctor just now. Melinda was worried about her own situation.
	"Don't worry. Just as the doctor said, you should pay attention to your emotions, okay?" said Queena. There were some talks between them to avoid Melinda, but she didn't expect that Melinda would think too much.
	She was becoming more and more sensitive.
	"I will pay attention to it in the future." Melinda knew that she was too emotional this time, which almost caused the baby to have an accident.
	But at that time, she was really in a panic and didn't know what to do.
	"Well, you should pay more attention to yourself during the ten months of pregnancy. You will be fine in the future. The doctor said that because you had lost two children before, it would be difficult for you to have this child,"
	said Queena. Although she knew that it would bring up the sad thing of Melinda, she still said it in order to make Melinda cherish her body and the baby in her womb more.
	Hearing this, Melinda kept silent for a while, but finally nodded.
	"Mommy, is Jonas home now?" Melinda asked again. Queena knew she couldn't escape this question today, so when she returned to the ward, she had already thought of a way to deal with it, and she also told her family.
	"Yes, Jonas just went to cooperate with the investigation. You know that he has a wide range of contacts in A City, and it's normal for the police to look for him if something happens," Queena said with a proud look.
	Her own child was so excellent, wasn't it worthy of pride? Hearing this, Melinda believed it.
	"I just hope that they won't look for someone in such a late night," said Melinda. Queena nodded in agreement and felt relieved.
	"But he didn't sleep all night and helped them investigate. Now he's back to rest. I haven't told him that you fainted yet,"
	Queena said, which made Melinda believe more. Otherwise, no matter how tired Jonas was, he would come to the hospital to see her.
	"Well, just let him have a good rest at home." Melinda nodded and said with a sincere smile at the corners of her mouth. She felt much relieved when she knew that Jonas had returned home. She would be fine as long as he was fine.
Chapter 336 Suspicion
	Melinda believed Queena's words and began to nourish the fetus at ease in the hospital. Although she had to rest in bed, Queena asked the servant to bring a lot of books to her, whether it was modern literature, ancient literature or anything else.
	Of course, Melinda required more books about parenting. As a new mother to be, Melinda was actually worried that she would do a lot of things wrong, which would hurt the child.
	With so many books and accompanied by an experienced person like Queena, Melinda felt that she had learned a lot. In the afternoon, Nelson, Alston and Yulia came to visit her.
	Jerry was also brought here by Alston, but he was stopped outside the door by Queena for the reason that he would affect Melinda's mood and hurt the child.
	Alston cared about his eldest grandson, so even if Jerry was useful to him, he still let him to stay home.
	Yulia had been getting along well with her boyfriend these days, and all her attention was on him. Now she had to spare so much time to visit Melinda, so there was no smile on her face.
	As soon as Nelson arrived, Queena naturally moved out from the nearest position to Melinda. Sitting next to Melinda, Nelson felt sorry for her when he saw her weak appearance.
	"You have suffered a lot again." Old as he was, seeing the originally vigorous child lying on the bed, Nelson felt really upset.
	As for Melinda, she was his old friend's granddaughter. He had promised many people to take good care of her, but now she was lying on the bed in the hospital.
	"Grandpa, I'm not sick. My child cares about me and wants me to have more rest."
	Her words successfully amused Nelson. Nelson had talked a lot with her. Melinda always respected him and liked this elder very much. She was relaxed when chatting with him.
	She didn't have to worry as much as she talked to others. Moreover, she didn't like to see Nelson frown and always tried to make Nelson laugh.
	In this way, she felt much better.
	The conversation between Alston and Melinda was formulaic. Most of the time, he cared about the baby in Melinda's belly. Although Melinda didn't mind, Queena was unhappy. He was kicked out of the ward by Queena before he could say anything more.
	Thinking that Nelson was not in good health, Melinda asked him not to stay in the hospital for too long. She asked Gavin to take Nelson home and promised him that she would take good care of herself.
	After Nelson and the others left, the ward was empty all of a sudden. Queena sorted out the books for Melinda and her clothes during her hospitalization.
	Being taken care of like this, Melinda felt that her mother was by her side, which made her a little flattered.
	After knowing that Jonas was fine, Melinda felt relieved. She had been in a coma yesterday, but her sleep quality was very poor. Now she felt a little sleepy after sending away a group of people.
	Queena paid close attention to Melinda all the time, so she noticed her sleepiness at the first time. Then she adjusted the bed's slope to make her lie flat on the bed.
	"Have a rest if you are tired. It's easy to get sleepy when you are pregnant. I think you sleep too little," Queena said considerately, making a perfect excuse for Melinda being sleepy all the time.
	Too many things had happened that day. In fact, Queena had been holding on. After seeing that Melinda had fallen asleep, she asked the caregiver to look after her, washed her body, and also lay on the small bed to rest.
	But she was not in the mood like Melinda. She was worried about Jonas, so she didn't sleep well.
	When a person reached middle age, it was easy for her to lose her spirit. At this time, Queena was just like this. Although she had spent the whole afternoon, she was still sleepy.
	She had contacted Ted two more times, but there was still no progress. The only thing she was sure was that the police officers were very nice to Jonas, and he didn't suffer in the police station.
	However, the truth of this matter was still under investigation, and the five people who had been caught insisted on Jonas, which made him a suspect.
	The emotional change also made the most obvious change in the recovery of Melinda's body. The doctor checked her body three times a day, and Queena asked the doctor about her physical condition. When she knew that Melinda was recovering well, she was finally relieved.
	Without a son and a daughter-in-law, she was not used to living in the Gu's mansion, so she stayed in the hospital to take care of Melinda. There was a small kitchen in the VIP ward, but Queena didn't want Melinda to smell smoke, so she asked someone to find a short rental apartment nearby.
	She made chicken soup for Melinda to strengthen her body. Although there was a caregiver, Queena was the one who took care of Melinda most. Being taken care of so carefully, Melinda was moved.
	She didn't expect that her relationship with Queena would be so harmonious one day.
	"The chicken soup was bought from the countryside. It's the best for pregnant women. It's inevitable that the meat is a little hard. If you don't like it, just drink more soup," Queena said to Melinda. She was always good at it.
	She even thought of the possible dislike of Melinda. The chicken soup she cooked was not oily at all. Although Melinda had a bad appetite, she ate a lot.
	Queena said that she was very happy that Melinda had eaten so much for her sake. Anyone with a discerning eye could see her care for Melinda.
	The most direct feeling was from the medical staff. They thought that Melinda was so lucky. She married into the Gu family, and her husband and mother-in-law loved her, and even Nelson spoiled her.
	She was so lucky as if saving the world in her previous life.
	What they didn't know was that it was also a blessing for Jonas to marry Melinda in Jonas's and Queena's eyes.
	In the past two days, Queena had taken care of Melinda, but she was also worried about Jonas. She looked haggard, which made Melinda feel very guilty. She had been asking her to go home and have a rest. As long as she was taken care of the caregiver here, everything would be fine.
	But Queena refused stubbornly, saying that she was worried about the poor care of others and made Melinda grieved. At that time, Jonas would blame her.
	When she mentioned Jonas by accident, Melinda realized that she had been in hospital for three days, but Jonas hadn't come to visit her yet.
	Queena explained that something happened in the branch company must be dealt with by Jonas. He woke up in his sleep and went there directly.
	He didn't know how long it would take to deal with it.
	"Take good care of Young Mistress. I'll make a phone call." After finding an excuse to perfunctorily deal with Melinda, Queena was even more worried about Jonas. Three days had passed, but there was still no movement.
	If things went on like this, the situation of Jonas was unknown, and she might not be able to hide the truth from Melinda.
	"Okay."
	The caregiver nodded and finally found her use. She took care of Melinda enthusiastically.
	After leaving the ward, Queena went straight to the end of the corridor and called the police station to ask what was going on.
	"We are still investigating this matter, and we don't have any solid evidence at present. We haven't found the corpse of Emily, so we can't settle it." It was the captain that day who answered the phone.
	The whole team had been busy with this matter in the past few days. The five men's mouths were getting harder and harder. They didn't say a word, which caused the case to be delayed.
	They had tried to investigate it from Jonas, but they didn't find any evidence to charge him. They couldn't judge a case just by the five criminals' testimony.
	"Can I bail him out?" Queena asked. She believed that her son would not do such a thing, and there was no need to dirty his hands for that woman.
	But now the situation was like this. She couldn't change it, so she could only think of letting Jonas come out. At least, she could comfort Melinda first.
	"Mrs. Gu, I hope you can understand," the captain said, but politely refused Queena's request. Queena had already been mentally prepared, so she was not too disappointed. She just asked them to take care of Jonas.
	The people of Ted were also investigating this matter. Like the captain, they were trapped in a predicament. They could investigate the information of the five people, but could not find any useful information.
	A pile of useless things scattered.
	When Queena came back, her face was obviously a little heavy. Seeing that Melinda hadn't slept, she tried to put on a smile again.
	It was not the first time that she had been like this. Thinking of her strange behavior in the past two days, Melinda became a little suspicious.
	"Mommy, why do you look so pale? Do you want the doctor to check on you?" Melinda looked at Queena worriedly and asked. Queena just shook her head to show that she was fine.
	"It's just a little cold outside,"
	Queena said with a smile. Looking suspiciously at the bright sun outside, Melinda felt that something was wrong with Queena, but she didn't expose it. She just said, "Then you can call in the room from now on."
	"It's just some social phone calls. If you hear too much, I'm afraid you'll be annoyed. I'd better go out and make the call," Queena said, but Melinda didn't think it was a big deal. She even said that she could learn from her. Queena just smiled without a clear answer.
	The more perplexed Melinda was, the more she missed Jonas. She complained in her heart, 'How busy is he? He didn't call me for three days on a business trip.'
	Thinking of this, Melinda realized that she seemed to have ignored something. She took advantage of Queena's inattention and dialed the number of Jonas.
	The phone rang for a long time, but no one answered.
	Jonas once said that as long as it was her phone, he would answer it immediately.
	No one answered the phone at this time. Was it because the phone was not beside him? Or was he in trouble or something else?
	The more Melinda thought about it, the more flustered she became. She was afraid that something bad might have happened to Jonas. Her hand holding the phone trembled. 
Chapter 337 Still In The Police Station
	With her trembling hands, Melinda dialed three times in a row, but no one answered. This had never happened before. She thought of everything that had happened recently.
	She thought she was too optimistic. Although there were so many things wrong with Jonas, she did not realize it.
	Maybe it was a lie from the very beginning.
	She didn't know what was going on with Jonas, and her whole body began to tremble. She was wrapped in a huge panic.
	Queena just went to buy something downstairs of the hospital. When she came back, she was shocked to see Melinda like this.
	She hurried to her side and held Melinda in her arms, asking worriedly, "Mellie, what's wrong? Do you feel uncomfortable?"
	The caregiver went to take something for Melinda. Seeing her like this, she was scared.
	Hearing Queena's voice, Melinda tried to calm down. Then she hid her phone under the pillow and looked up at Queena.
	Seeing that she didn't look well, Queena was more worried, but Melinda suddenly laughed.
	"I just saw a joke and couldn't help laughing too excitedly. I'm fine," said Melinda. In order to convince Queena, she tried to think of a joke in her mind.
	However, Queena still felt worried and asked the doctor to check on Melinda. She also said that being too happy was a kind of emotional ups and downs.
	Hearing this, Melinda was speechless.
	"Mommy, I'm really fine," said Melinda. She told Queena not to worry and held her in her arms like a spoiled child.
	At this time, Melinda felt sorry for Queena. If Jonas was really in the police station, how hard she had to endure these days?
	She couldn't show how sad she was in front of her.
	She rubbed against Queena's chest and said emotionally, "Mommy, you are so kind."
	"You naughty girl." Queena was at a loss by Melinda's behavior, but she was still happy. A smile appeared on her face unconsciously.
	"Well, Mommy, I will be your considerate daughter from now on. Jonas's too cold for you. I can warm you up."
	When Melinda said Jonas, she almost cried, but she held back her tears. Hearing her words, Queena couldn't help smiling.
	But she didn't think Melinda was wrong. Her son was too cold to her. Except for a little enthusiasm to Melinda, he was also cold to his mother.
	But Queena knew that Jonas cared about her very much.
	It was enough for her to know that.
	"Well, you are my sweet daughter. But don't you have to take good care of yourself to warm me?" said Queena.
	Melinda nodded, but she was more sure that something must have happened to Jonas, but Queena kept it from her.
	She was eager to know what was going on with Jonas, but she didn't want Queena to worry about her, so she had to pretend that she knew nothing.
	The two of them kept caring about each other like this, but they seemed to be preoccupied somewhere they couldn't see each other.
	Melinda had been recovering well recently. She had planned to leave the hospital in two days, but when she knew that something might have happened to Jonas, she became a little restless.
	That night, when the doctor did the examination, he frowned and asked what happened to Melinda today.
	Queena realized that something was wrong, but Melinda still said calmly that she just saw a joke.
	Hearing her words, the doctor didn't feel relieved at all. Instead, he frowned more tightly.
	"Mrs. Queena, please come to my office," the doctor said to Queena. Apparently, he was going to avoid Melinda.
	Hearing what the doctor said, Melinda became excited. "I want to know my condition. Just talk about it here."
	This had never happened before. Melinda had always been gentle and quiet. Suddenly, like this, Queena was frightened, and so was the doctor.
	However, Melinda's reaction further proved his guess.
	"Mellie, I will tell you everything about you. Have a good rest now," said Queena. Although her tone was gentle, it was not the same as before.
	Something was wrong with Melinda. Queena also noticed it. She asked the caregiver to look after Melinda, and she followed the doctor to the doctor's office.
	"Mrs. Gu, what happened to Young Mistress today? I believe you can see that there is something wrong with her."
	The doctor took off his mask and said gravely. It was not easy for Melinda to get better, but she was stimulated again. Her condition was repeated, and the hearts of a group of people were like riding the roller coaster.
	"I don't know if she knows something," Queena said uncertainly. In fact, she knew better than anyone else that Melinda was smart and she could not hide something from her for too long.
	"Is it about Mr. Jonas?" The doctor knew something about this. Queena only nodded dejectedly.
	There was a moment of silence in the office. Finally, the doctor suggested, "If she has begun to suspect this matter, why don't you tell her the truth directly?"
	"After all, if she doesn't know the truth, it will be easy to think too much," the doctor said. What he said unintentionally was indeed the current situation of Melinda. Queena's unwillingness to say it made her feel that the condition of Jonas must be very bad.
	If the situation was optimistic, why did everyone hide it from her?
	Hearing this, Queena thought for a while and said that she would think about it. Then she left the doctor's office and felt that Melinda had been recuperating for so many days. Knowing these things, she should be able to bear it.
	What's more, the current situation of Jonas was not very bad.
	On the way back to the ward, Queena saw Melinda in a daze. Her bright eyes had no color, and she looked dull. The caregiver looked at her like a piece of wood.
	Seeing this scene, Queena only felt a little annoyed, thinking that maybe she should really consider the doctor's words.
	"Mellie," Queena called her, but Melinda didn't respond at all. Queena came closer and called her several times before she came to her senses and looked at her.
	"Mommy." She smiled and responded, but it made people feel that her mind was not here and did not know where she had gone.
	The more she behaved like this, the more Queena felt that she was woolgathering. She was about to tell her the truth without hesitation.
	"I have something to tell you." As soon as Queena spoke, Melinda came to her senses and stared at her tightly. Queena sighed in her heart, 'Sure enough, she noticed it.'
	"Actually, Jonas is still in the police station, but everything is fine now. You don't have to worry too much as long as you take good care of yourself."
	When Queena said this, she breathed a sigh of relief. In fact, sometimes hiding it would make people feel very tired.
	It was easier to say it out.
	Melinda guessed that something must have happened to Jonas. Hearing this, she calmed down a lot, but she was more worried.
	According to the power of the Gu family, it meant that the matter was very serious since Jonas hadn't been out for three days.
	"I tell you that because I don't want you to think too much and want you to take good care of yourself. Now that Jonas is in the police station, his most worried person is you. You don't want him to worry about you, do you?"
	Queena sighed. Melinda looked at her in confusion, and finally nodded.
	But Queena forgot that Melinda became more sensitive now. Although she told the truth, Melinda still felt that she was not comprehensive because of the previous concealment.
	She only told her that Jonas were in the police station. She said he was fine, but she didn't say why he couldn't come out. What on earth happened?
	The more Melinda thought about it, the more terrible she felt. She didn't want to stay in the ward alone. She wanted to rush out to look for Jonas.
	She wanted to hug him and feel his existence. Only in this way, even in the police station, she would feel at ease.
	Jonas was the medicine to Melinda.
	Thinking of this, Melinda began to take actions. When Queena thought she had calmed down, she suddenly stood up and was about to rush out of the ward.
	Queena was shocked and stopped Melinda in a hurry. Seeing the tears in her eyes, she felt sorry for her and said, "Good girl, it's all right. Jonas is all right."
	"Mommy, I want to see him." Melinda could no longer hold back her tears and they instantly fell. Queena wiped her tears in a hurry. She could understand her feelings at this moment.
	But Melinda couldn't get excited now.
	"Pregnant women can't cry or have emotional fluctuation. Mellie, you are a good child. You should think about your child when you worry about Jonas,"
	Queena said. Although Melinda calmed down a little, she was still crying. Queena had no choice. At this time, she didn't dare to leave Melinda to the caregiver at all.
	She kept comforting Melinda until she fell asleep after crying.
	The next morning, when Melinda woke up, she was in a very bad state. She was in a trance, either overturning the food or breaking the glass.
	Queena stood aside and watched the scenes. She asked the caregiver to take care of Melinda, and she went to the doctor's office to ask about the situation.
	She did as the doctor said, but why did Melinda's condition get worse?
	Melinda was thinking about Jonas and wanted to leave the cage like ward. She walked towards the door when the caregiver was not paying attention to her. She had been to the hospital several times and was familiar with it. While thinking about the route, she met Queena.
	When the two looked at each other, Melinda lowered her head silently.
	Queena felt helpless and took Melinda back to the ward. She kept her head down and didn't want to talk, but she always wanted to escape from the hospital when others were not paying attention. However, Queena was on her guard. 
Chapter 338 Find Evidence
	Melinda began to try to run away, so the doctors and nurses paid close attention to her at this time, not giving her any chance.
	Queena almost put down everything in her hands and stayed with Melinda all the time, but Melinda was in a very bad condition.
	She was absent-minded and often in a trance. In the past two days, her face, which had recovered, turned pale again, and her figure was as thin as ever.
	Queena caught her again, who was trying to get out of the hospital. She looked at Melinda seriously, but Melinda didn't care at all. There was only regret on her face.
	She regretted that she didn't run away successfully and couldn't see Jonas.
	She really didn't want to see anything at the moment. She just wanted to see Jonas. As long as she saw him, everything would be fine. But why was it so difficult to see Jonas?
	"Mommy, can you let me see him? I know you have a way." Melinda had no choice but to hold Queena's arm and look at her with beseeching eyes.
	The Gu family must have a way to get in touch with Jonas, instead of waiting for news here.
	At the thought that Jonas couldn't get any help from his family in the police station, Melinda felt her heart clenched.
	Hearing this, Queena's face darkened. She patted on Melinda's back and said, "Jonas will be fine."
	She knew her son well. Even if he went to that kind of place, he would not let himself suffer losses. But if Melinda continued to go on like this, it would definitely have an impact on the baby in her belly.
	Queena began to worry about how to stop Melinda.
	In fact, Melinda also knew that what she was doing was not good, but she could not control herself. She was also very uncomfortable, and this kind of suffering made her look haggard.
	Queena's persuasion didn't work, so she had to think of another way. Not only did she find a caregiver, but also called a servant who was familiar with Melinda to take care of her.
	In fact, she wanted the two people to watch Melinda together. She didn't want her to run away when she was not around.
	"No matter what she says, don't let her out of your sight. Ask someone to help you with anything, okay?" Before Queena left, she exhorted the two people in particular. 'Melinda is smart. What if these two people are cheated?'
	The servant knew what kind of person Melinda was, so she said with a smile, "Don't worry, madam. We will take good care of Young Mistress. If you have something to deal with, just go ahead."
	In fact, Queena didn't have anything important to do. She just thought that maybe Vern could persuade Melinda.
	Queena didn't have Vern's phone number, so she only got an address from Ted. She went to Vern's community early in the morning.
	It was very lively in the morning here. Although there were annoying square dances, they always felt full of vitality when they saw those people. There were many people who got up early to take a walk in the small park, and Vern was one of them.
	Since he got seriously ill, he knew how to take care of himself.
	When Queena saw Vern, she went straight up to greet him. The two of them hadn't seen each other for many times, and Vern almost didn't recognize her at the first sight.
	"Oh, Jonas's mother." It was not until Queena greeted him that he suddenly realized she was the mother of his son-in-law, but then he was confused again. Why did Queena come to him?
	Although he didn't know what she wanted to do, Vern stood up from his seat and said, "It's not far from my home. Would you like to go up and have a seat?"
	"Just find a quiet place. I have something to talk with you," said Queena. Her face was not as superior as before, and she looked much haggard in a short period of time.
	But it also showed some changes that would appear at such an age.
	She had been well maintained. She didn't look like a middle-aged woman at all. Even if she looked haggard at this time, she looked like a person in her thirties. Who would know that her son was in his thirties?
	Vern was familiar with this area, so he took Queena to sit on a bench nearby.
	"I apologize to you first. We didn't take good care of Mellie after she married into our family," Queena said with guilt. His daughter, who was held in the palm of him, had suffered a lot in her own home.
	Hearing this, Vern frowned at once. His daughter suffered in the Gu's mansion?
	He looked gentle, but in fact, he was a ruthless man. Now he stared at Queena, and Queena felt her scalp tingling.
	"What's wrong with my daughter?" Vern came straight to the point. Realizing that he might have misunderstood, Queena immediately told him the whole story.
	"I'm worried about the baby in her belly. I hope you can persuade her," Queena said helplessly. Her dissuasion had no effect at all.
	Hearing this, Vern frowned. He felt sorry for his daughter, but he didn't ignore his son-in-law. He directly asked what was going on with him.
	"The police are still collecting evidence, which is tricky. But you have to believe in the moral quality of Jonas. He will never do such a thing,"
	Queena said excitedly. She was afraid that Vern might misunderstand the moral quality of Jonas and take Melinda away.
	At that time, when Jonas came back, he would go crazy.
	"I believe that kid. Let's go to the hospital to see my disobedient daughter,"
	Vern said, showing that he had promised Queena to persuade Melinda. Queena was happy in her heart and hummed several times in a row.
	The two of them went straight to the hospital without any delay. As Queena said, the caregiver and servant took care of Melinda all the time.
	The servant said bluntly that Melinda had tried several times to find a way to send them away.
	"It's all right. You can go and have a rest now." Queena looked at the two people and said with a smile. Vern was behind her. Looking at such a daughter, he immediately felt sorry for her.
	He stepped forward step by step and put his big palm on her head. He rubbed her hair gently and said in a low voice, "Silly girl."
	"Dad, why are you here?" Seeing her father, Melinda's uneasy heart was somewhat comforted. She didn't dare to tell Queena the fear in her heart, fearing that she would be worried too.
	But her father was different. She could tell him anything.
	"I came to see you. I heard that you didn't take good care of my grandson, so I decided to come and supervise you in person," Vern said, looking at the pale and bloodless face of Melinda. She looked thinner than before although she was pregnant.
	She didn't look like a pregnant woman at all.
	If Jonas had seen this scene, he would have been heartbroken. He had spent so much time and effort to take care of Melinda, but now she had become like this.
	"Dad, I'm worried about him,"
	said Melinda, with confusion in her eyes again. She felt so sad that she didn't know anything. She didn't know what to do at all, and she was even worried that she would hear some bad news the next second.
	Vern understood Melinda's feelings, so he listened to her quietly. Queena also quietly left, leaving the room for the two of them.
	Vern didn't say a word. He just listened to Melinda quietly. After saying that, tears fell down. Seeing this, Vern, a big man, became a little flustered. He wiped her tears with a tissue.
	"You always think too much about everything. Now, Jonas is fine in the police station. You acted like that he has suffered too much grievance. Don't you know who the most aggrieved one is now?"
	Vern said. Melinda looked at him innocently with tears in her eyes.
	"The most aggrieved one is the baby in your belly. His father is not here, and his mother still haven't taken good care of him, making him in danger at any time,"
	Vern said. Hearing this, Melinda was suddenly enlightened. She touched her belly and thought of what the doctor had told her these days.
	She began to feel scared again.
	She had always cared about Jonas, but she hadn't taken good care of their baby. If Jon knew it, he must be very angry.
	"Well, don't think too much about it now. Take good care of the baby in your belly. I will supervise you these days. You haven't recovered yet. Don't think about escaping."
	Vern directly exposed what Melinda had done these days. Melinda felt a little embarrassed, but she began to listen to them obediently and take care of the child.
	She didn't think about running around anymore, but there were some things that couldn't be avoided. As long as she couldn't get in touch with Jonas, Melinda couldn't feel at ease at all, and she looked worried.
	Queena was relieved to see her like this as long as she didn't hurt her body as before. But it seemed that she had to communicate with the police as soon as possible.
	Anyway, let them get in touch with Jonas first.
	The police station had been investigating this case recently, but they had no evidence at all. The deeper the investigation was, the more suspicious it would be.
	Most importantly, the police found that Jonas had no connection with the five men in black, even the people around Jonas.
	The network of the five people was complicated, but they could find some rules. At last, they found the most crucial evidence.
	The evidence proved that there was no relationship between them and Jonas. He had nothing to do with this matter from the beginning to the end, but he was framed like this. There was someone at the back of the five men in black.
	When the police got the evidence, they let go of Jonas and apologized to him, saying that they would find out the person behind it and that they wouldn't let him suffer for so long for nothing.
	But Jonas didn't care about that at all.
Chapter 339 Interrogate Again
	All Jonas wanted was to see his wife as soon as possible.
	The moment he entered the police station, his phone was handed over to the police to cooperate with the investigation. Now it was fully charged. It could be seen that these people were very careful. Before returning the thing to him, they charged his mobile phone.
	His car was parked in the police station. It hadn't been driven for so many days, and there was a lot of dust on it. Jonas didn't care about it and opened the door and sat down inside.
	The first thing he did was not to start the car, but to call Melinda. Thinking that he had lost contact with her for so many days, Melinda must be very worried.
	And it was true. Melinda was lying in the hospital.
	With the company of her father in the past two days, Melinda recovered well, but her heavy heart was still pitiful and she was not lively at all.
	It seemed that she just wanted to live without any soul.
	When the phone rang, Melinda didn't respond at all. But Vern, who was sharp eyed, saw the name on the phone and couldn't help smiling.
	He put the phone in front of Melinda and said, "No matter who it is, answer it first."
	In a daze, Melinda took the phone and put it near her ear. She didn't say anything, but soon a familiar voice came from the other end of the phone, as if it was a call from a distant side, as if she heard a call when she was in trouble.
	Tears welled up in her eyes. Melinda heard the other side call her Linda in a soft voice.
	"Where have you been? Why didn't you answer my phone?" Melinda said sadly. She knew that there was nothing Jonas could do about it, but at this moment, she just wanted to act like a spoiled child to express her concern.
	Hearing this, Jonas felt sorry for her and wished he could rush to Melinda right now.
	"Good girl, don't cry. Linda, I'm fine. It's all my fault. I made you worried. Could you stop crying now? I'm so sad."
	Melinda stopped crying. She looked totally two different from before. Seeing this, Vern could only sigh and shake his head. Melinda was not physically ill, but mentally ill. Jonas was her best medicine.
	Although Melinda was crying, she was overjoyed in her heart. She didn't know how many days had passed since she finally got in touch with Jonas.
	The two of them talked a lot on the phone, and Jonas finally calmed Melinda down. At the same time, Jonas also knew what happened and that Melinda was in the hospital.
	"You stay in the hospital and I'll be back soon. I promise." Jonas didn't wear headphones, nor did he plan to drive while talking on the phone in the police station.
	So he wanted to hang up the phone first, but Melinda was unwilling to do so.
	Vern couldn't help but knock on her head when he heard her groan. He took the phone from Melinda and told Jonas not to worry. He would take care of Melinda first.
	Recently, Jonas couldn't wash himself well in the police station, so he had to tidy himself up before going to see Melinda. Otherwise, she would feel sorry for him when she saw his appearance.
	While waiting for Jonas, Melinda began to feel restless again. The moment she saw him, tears began to fall again.
	Melinda found that she was really fond of crying recently, just like a tearful person.
	Jonas held her in his arms and comforted her in a soft voice. Surrounded by the familiar smell and arms, Melinda felt a little real.
	She hugged Jonas tightly and kept complaining, but finally she choked, "Don't do this again, okay?"
	She didn't want Jonas to hide anything from her, making her like the flower of the greenhouse. What she wanted to do most was to accompany him and face all the wind and rain, not to hide in the glass room he made.
	"Okay," Jonas promised. And after he arrived, there was nothing to do with Vern and Queena to take care of Melinda. The two of them tacitly left time for the young couple to get along.
	When Melinda saw Jonas and confirmed that he was fine, she was finally relieved. She hadn't had a good rest these days. At this moment, she was indeed sleepy in his arms.
	In the past few days, Jonas didn't have a good rest at the police station, and there were black circles around his eyes. Melinda rubbed in his arms and said in a spoiled tone, "Jon, sleep with me for a while. I'm afraid of being alone."
	Melinda had made up an excuse for Jonas. How could Jonas refuse?
	Recently, he had been very tired. He lay on the bed, holding Melinda in his arms. His eyes were full of tenderness. He had been looking at her quietly until she breathed smoothly. Then he quietly stood up.
	Worried about Melinda, Jonas went to the doctor's office to ask about her condition after she fell asleep. He felt guilty when he knew that she was stimulated.
	When Jonas returned to the ward, he saw that Melinda was not sleeping well, so he immediately walked up to her and hugged her. As expected, she rubbed against him again out of habit, and then became much more peaceful.
	At first, Jonas wanted to do something else, but finally he decided to have a sleep with her in his arms.
	It was rare for Melinda to have a deep sleep at ease.
	There was new progress in the case. The several men in black who were lying were brought to the interrogation room again by the police.
	They had thought that this matter had passed, but they didn't expect to be locked here again. This was not the same treatment as last time.
	The faces of those policemen looked very bad. How could they not be bad? Because the lies of the five people, they had been investigated for so long for nothing, and the information they found at last proved that they were lying.
	They had wasted so much time because of lies.
	"Separate them," the captain said. The two policemen nodded. The five looked at each other and saw firmness in each other's eyes.
	No matter what they would interrogate at that time, what they needed to do was very simple. They just needed to insist that it was Jonas.
	The first person who was brought into the interrogation room was very restless. He began to complain before the police began to interrogate.
	"Sir, how long will it take for you to be willing to close the case? We have told you everything. It was Jonas who asked us to do it. You can interrogate him,"
	the man said and sat down casually, as if this was the back garden of his own house. The police saw him like this and instantly frowned.
	"I don't know what tricks you are playing during the interrogation these days. Do you want to annoy us and then perfunctorily say that it's not him?"
	the man continued, and with his shocked look, his acting skill was almost superb. Thinking that he had been deceived before, the police was furious.
	But as a policeman, how could he not go through such a thing? He tried not to be angry.
	"Franklin Zhang?" With the documents in his hand, he called out the name of the person in front of him. Hearing this, Franklin almost cried out as if he was at school.
	The police quickly told him all his information as if he was reading a book, which made him feel that he had been seen through.
	"You must have a good relationship with the household registration, right?" Franklin said indifferently. As long as this matter was settled, his family would be able to live a comfortable life. No matter what, he would not compromise.
	"Tell me, what did you do on the beach this time? Why did you do that? Who instigated you to do so? Why did you frame Jonas?"
	The police's series of questions made Franklin a little confused. Although these questions were similar to the previous ones, he always felt that something was wrong.
	He didn't answer, which made the policeman thump the table and shout angrily, "Answer me quickly."
	His expression made the police feel that he was going to make up a lie to deceive him, and this group of people might have reached a consensus. Although these people were imprisoned separately, they knew clearly that they had committed a lot of crimes together, and they were very familiar with how to explain to each other.
	"You know that we go to the seaside to deal with a person and take money," Franklin said bluntly. The policeman frowned at his words, but he also recorded it and waited for Franklin's reply.
	"It was Jonas who asked us to do this. How many times do you want me to tell you? Or who do you want to frame? Tell me his name. I'll tell you,"
	Franklin questioned and provoked the police completely, but the two interrogators didn't care at all. They didn't ask any more questions and changed the person with the people outside.
	There were five people in total. Each of them had a different personality, but their expressions of insisting that it was Jonas who asked them to do that were so similar.
	When the interrogation was finished, the recorder couldn't help but sneer, "It's so flawless to cooperate with a lie. There must be something wrong in it."
	In the individual interrogation, this group of people were still stubborn, so they were locked up together in the end. At this time, there were many people in the interrogation room. The captain went up to ask in person, and the group of people had been asked countless times, and they began to be a little impatient.
	"Do you think the truth can be decided by your mouth? This is the information we collected when we investigated this matter. Although we can't confirm who is behind this, it can prove that it was not done by Jonas,"
	the captain said as he put the documents in his hands in front of the men in black. He saw that they hesitated to finish reading these documents and their faces really changed.
	"You'd better tell me the truth now, or you'll have to think about the consequences. You'll be charged with murder, assaulting the police, and not cooperating with the public in handling cases. I have many ways to make you go to jail and be in it forever,"
	the captain said domineeringly, completely intimidating the group of men in black. 
Chapter 340 Move Out Of The Gu's Mansion
	The atmosphere in the interrogation room froze. Several men in black looked at each other, and their eyes began to struggle and hesitate.
	The subtle expressions on the faces of the policemen could be quickly perceived, and they were speechless with anger and guilt.
	He was angry that he had been cheated by these people and felt guilty that he had kept Jonas in prison these days.
	The captain glanced at them and threw the documents in his hands on the table again. His face was not angry but frightening.
	The men in black trembled at the sight of this.
	"I don't have so much time for you to do the secret signal. If you don't want to say anything, we can just take you away," the captain said, losing his patience with them.
	"You'd better stop struggling here. You can still save your lives if you tell us who is behind the scene earlier," one of the policemen said.
	The other one disagreed, "It's not a big deal. They are good friends, and it's good to be in jail together."
	They didn't know what they were talking about. The men in black got more and more flustered. It was completely different from what they had imagined at the beginning.
	In the beginning, the deal between them and Jerry was to make Jonas take the blame. As long as they convicted Jonas, Jerry would send someone to bail them out, and then everything would be fine.
	But why did it turn out that everyone was going to jail?
	One of them was a timid man. He confessed directly when several people were gossiping. "It's Jerry. He asked us to do all of this."
	When one of them said it, the others immediately lost their psychological pressure. They told the whole story word by word, and the policeman in charge of recording kept typing.
	"If you don't believe me, you can investigate the person who called you. It's none other than Jerry," someone said loudly, as if worrying that the other party would not believe it.
	Under the instruction of the captain, a policeman began to investigate the mysterious person who reported the case that day. This number was from a shop on the street, which was more suspicious.
	The investigation team started to investigate the person who made the phone call that day.
	After a variety of investigations, they finally found the figure of Jerry in the surveillance video near the shop. The case of more than a week had come to an end.
	The answer came out in an instant. In order to frame Jonas, Jerry had set up this trap.
	Jerry had been keeping a close eye on the police station. When he was exposed, he sensed that something was wrong.
	The Gu family must be unreliable as this matter had something to do with Jonas. After thinking for a while, Jerry finally found Stacy.
	Stacy was his last life-saving straw.
	"Stacy, you must help me. Jonas wanted to put me into prison. All the members of the Gu family don't believe me. In their eyes, I'm just an outsider. I'm nothing compared to Jonas."
	Jerry grabbed Stacy's hand and said with grievance and anger.
	Stacy loved him, so she believed whatever he said. In addition, Stacy had a bad impression of Jonas because he had always stopped the two from being together.
	At the beginning, Jerry put all his goals on Jonas, making himself the victim and winning Stacy's sympathy.
	"Jerry, don't worry. I will help you."
	Stacy couldn't bear to see her beloved being bullied like this, so she said with righteous indignation. Although Jerry looked aggrieved, he was already very excited in his heart.
	This was the way he left for her. No matter what, Stacy was his greatest confidence and backer.
	"Honey, only you can help me." Jerry hugged Stacy and said. He was like a big puppy. Stacy liked the feeling of getting along with him like this.
	In her heart, she had always wanted to give Jerry warmth.
	Every time she saw the considerate and careful look on Jerry's face, she felt very sorry for him.
	After receiving the guarantee and comfort from Stacy, Jerry returned to the Gu's mansion. Before the police could take any action, they received a call from Stacy.
	David was famous in A City, and as the apple of his eye, Stacy was naturally flattered by these people.
	And Stacy also knew how to make use of his own capital. At this time, she didn't mind so much. She directly put pressure on the police station with her family's power, and then let the matter settle.
	After getting the news from the police station, Jonas had been waiting for Jerry to be taken away by the police. But he didn't expect that nothing had happened to Jerry. Instead, he received a call from the police station.
	The person on the other end of the line said ambiguously. In the end, a friend of Jonas called him and told him that the Wang family was involved in this matter.
	All of a sudden, Jonas realized that it had nothing to do with David. The only thing he was sure about was that it was Stacy who had done it.
	He didn't expect that Jerry would really hold the heart of Stacy so tightly.
	Could he escape the next time? Jonas swore to himself that he would make Jerry pay the price one day.
	Melinda didn't know anything about these things. She was very happy to see that there was nothing wrong with Jonas. With the company of Jonas, she was getting better soon.
	Even the doctor thought that it was all a mental ill for Melinda. No matter how hard they tried, they were not as good as the company of Jonas.
	Jonas didn't want to let Melinda know what was bothering him outside, so when she asked, he just said casually.
	"You look much better recently. Ask the doctor to give you a check-up later. If there is nothing else, we can go home."
	In the ward of the hospital, Jonas was wearing a white shirt, with his sleeves rolled up slightly. He was holding a bowl of soup that was fed to Melinda. These were prepared by Queena herself.
	Jonas was more concerned about Melinda's condition than anyone else. After so many things, he felt that the child was no longer important.
	It would be okay as long as he and Melinda were fine, but when he said this, he was strongly objected by Melinda.
	Melinda's idea was simple. She loved the man in front of her, so she wanted to have a child of two people and cultivate it well. When the child grew up, it was like watching their love.
	It was a wonderful feeling.
	"I think I can leave the hospital now. You are too careful,"
	said Melinda. In fact, like the doctor, she also felt that she was suffering from a mental ill. It was all because she was worried about Jonas.
	Thinking of this, she couldn't help but touch her belly again. She felt a little guilty for her baby. In front of Jonas, she had really ignored her baby too much.
	"Let's have a check. It won't take long," Jonas said and fed another mouthful of soup to Melinda. She had been drinking soup these days, and the more she drank, the more uncomfortable she felt.
	She frowned slightly, and Jonas knew what she was thinking. He also frowned slightly, looked at her, and then said helplessly, "For the last time, I promise."
	Not to mention Melinda, he felt uncomfortable just by smelling it recently.
	"Okay," Melinda said with grievance, as if she had swallowed poison. She was slightly confused, and then she seemed to think of something, and her whole body lit up.
	All of a sudden, she put her arms around Jonas's neck and touched his mouth. Then she poured the soup into his mouth as he did.
	A bright smile appeared on her face. She thought this was the best way to drink soup.
	Of course, Jonas wouldn't be so passive. He quickly took the initiative and Melinda drank up the soup in this way.
	After the final examination, the result was that everything was fine, but Melinda still had to pay attention to her emotions. The child was very fragile.
	Knowing she was wrong, Melinda didn't dare to say anything more. Jonas listened to the doctor carefully and then packed up his things and took her home.
	But before that, Jonas thought he needed to do something.
	Jerry couldn't stay in the Gu's mansion any longer, or else Linda would be in danger.
	After all, Melinda was pregnant. When she returned home from the hospital, she began to feel sleepy. After making sure that she was asleep, Jonas quietly left the room.
	Jonas seldom went to Alston's study, but today he did come to Alston's study on his own initiative. He was still like a workaholic, dealing with the things he told him.
	But it was strange that he hadn't made any achievements for so many years, but his diligence was undeniable.
	"What are you doing here?" Alston always treated Jonas in this way, as if he was not his son, but all his tenderness was hidden in his unspeakable tone.
	He put down what he was doing and looked at Jonas quietly. Every time at this time, he would find that his child had grown up again.
	He was no longer the one who longed for father's love behind him when he was a child.
	"Although the matter has been suppressed this time, I think you should be very clear about the cause and effect." Jonas came straight to the point, which made Alston's face a little stiff. At last, he nodded silently.
	"I don't want my wife and child to live under the same roof with such a vicious person as Jerry. I hope you can let him leave the Gu family," said Jonas word by word, expressing his attitude at the moment.
	He didn't want his wife and child to be hurt again, and the premise of all this was that they couldn't live with Jerry. 
Chapter 341 Was She Taken Away
	Alston didn't say anything for a long time. They just sat quietly in the study, like statues without souls.
	Most of the appearance of Jonas was similar to Alston's. They had the same angular side face, but the aura between the two was completely different.
	Alston was a domineering man. Peoples had a feeling that those who obeyed him and went against him would die. However, Jonas was cold and unapproachable.
	After a long time, Alston said after careful consideration, "this matter may be just an accident. I will talk to Jerry."
	Hearing this, Jonas's face darkened and his attitude became tough. "Don't you know what kind of person Jerry is? If the police hadn't found out the truth, you wouldn't have lost the son of a mistress, but the three of your families! "
	Alston's face darkened as well, because what Jonas said was true. They all knew what happened to Melinda this time.
	"For the safety of my child and your first grandson, I hope you can have a decision in your mind."
	It was a bit rebellious to say such words to one's father, but it seemed to be very common to say so to Jonas.
	Alston also felt sorry for the three of them. After hesitating for a long time, he nodded and said, "I'll arrange it as soon as possible."
	Alston made a compromise. After getting a satisfactory answer, he left the study of Alston
	Alston agreed, he asked his secretary to show the house to Jerry outside. The Gu's mansion was large, but there were also many villas nearby.
	The secretary was efficient and rented a villa nearby.
	After everything was ready, how he talk to Jerry? Alston began to be in trouble again.
	The way he got along with Jerry was somewhat different from the way he got along with Jonas. He felt a little guilty for Jerry, but most of the time, the way he got along with Jerry was like treating his subordinate.
	And Jerry knew clearly that in his heart, he was just like a tool for making money, and now this tool seemed to be of no value.
	"Jerry, it's really your fault this time." Alston said after careful consideration. Jerry had always been like that, without any change.
	"I'm innocent this time." Said Jerry. He didn't want to admit it at all. Even if it was true, he would make everyone feel that he was wronged.
	"But this time, your brother has some misgivings. I also know that you two don't get along well. Now your sister-in-law is pregnant. This is a special time. I have asked someone to rent a villa nearby. You can move out for a period of time."
	Alston seldom said so much. He was not good at saying sweet words, so he didn't think too much about what to say now.
	To a large extent, this was also the reason why Alston did not have much achievement in the business world.
	Hearing this, Jerry's face darkened. He knew that he had been too careless this time. He had lost in the silent battle with Jonas.
	But he was unwilling to lose. Everything was perfect, but there was something wrong in the end.
	"I see. I'm going to pack up my things now." The unwillingness in Jerry's eyes was concealed by him, but his grievance made Alston feel a lot of guilt.
	Just like that, Jerry moved out of the villa. It was rare for Melinda to show her dislike for him at home, but when he moved out, people could still see the obvious joy on her face.
	After Jerry left, the air in the Gu's mansion was much fresher.
	After the initial unwillingness and anger, Jerry thought it was a good opportunity to move out this time. He called Stacy again and told her his situation briefly.
	"Father, you don't believe me. I've already moved out." Jerry said indifferently, but Stacy felt that he was wronged and had no good feelings for Jonas.
	"It's okay. You still have me. I'll come to accompany you later, okay?" Stacy used to be a delicate girl, but when he was in trouble, she was loyal to him.
	A satisfied smile appeared at the corners of his mouth, and then he said in an aggrieved tone, "you are the only one I have."
	The two of them talked on the phone for a long time, and Jerry adapted to the new residence very quickly. Although Stacy hadn't been watched by David recently, it took her some time to leave home.
	The house that the two people rented before had been discovered by David, so the two of them had not been lived in their own house for a long time.
	This time, it undoubtedly created convenience for the two of them. Jerry was very gentle and considerate to Stacy. In addition, he had suffered a lot recently, which made her feel sorry for him.
	As long as there was a chance, Stacy would stay with Jerry in home.
	Stacy enjoyed this kind of life very much. Sometimes she didn't go her home at night, and she was very happy with Jerry in there.
	David was very slow recently in reaction. When he realized that something was wrong, he found that Stacy hadn't been home for several days.
	He had suspected Jerry at the first time and asked people to look for him in the previous rental house of the two of them, but it was already empty.
	David had a wide range of contacts in A City, but it was difficult to find any trace of Jerry this time.
	David went straight to the Gu's mansion and found Alston. Queena happened to be at home today. Seeing that he came in home angrily, she provoked him indifferently.
	"Where is Jerry?" David had thought that Jerry would be in the Gu's mansion, but he didn't expect to know that Jerry had already been sent out of there by Alston. The intention of sending him out was very complicated.
	"Mr. Wang, what are you doing?" Alston was not sure about David's attitude, so he spoke in a cautious tone, but David didn't look at him well.
	"Mr. Gu, we are all acquaintances. I know some news. I don't want to see your son and my daughter get entangled again."
	David made it clear to him. Although he looked a little embarrassed, he had to show his master's magnanimity in front of his own house.
	"As parents, we shouldn't interfere in children's affairs." Alston said ambiguously, but David still kept a straight face.
	David was furious, but no matter what, he was in Soaring Group. Although David was powerful, he was not an arrogant person.
	"Now you just need to tell me where Jerry is. I'm looking for my own child, isn't it right?"
	David said. Hearing his words, Alston thought that if he continued to talk about it, it would be easy to be misunderstood, so he simply told him the address of Jerry.
	After getting the address, David didn't say anything more. After saying thank you, he left the Gu's mansion in a hurry.
	The villa was very close to the Gu's mansion, and it only took about ten minutes to drive. When David led the group to the gate of the villa, it still caused a lot of sensation.
	People living in this area were either rich or powerful, but such cards were rarely seen.
	Alston greeted the security guards and he doesn't stopped David. David's car directly drove into the villa.
	Soon, they could see their daughter's red sports car at the door. David was sure that Stacy must be here.
	The door of the villa was not closed. When David pushed the door open, he saw Stacy sitting on Jerry with her legs crossed and hanging on Jerry, making her exceedingly fascinating.
	Thinking of his beloved daughter doing such a shameless thing, Wang Xiren's anger rushed up again.
	The intimacy between the two also stopped because of a group of people rushing in. The moment Stacy saw David, her face darkened.
	Jerry quickly made Stacy sit aside, and tidied up his clothes. The smile on his face no longer looked gentle.
	"Take her back." David said to the people behind him. The two bodyguards walked up directly, pulled Stacy out and left Jerry directly.
	Stacy wanted to resist, but he was comforted by Jerry. He was very smart. He knew that the more Stacy resisted David at this time, the worse David's attitude would be.
	"Jerry, I advise you to stay away from my daughter. I won't let you go this time. If it happens next time… Get it?" After warning, David left the villa, leaving Jerry sitting awkwardly on the sofa.
	This time, Stacy used her family's power to threaten the police station, which had already made David very unhappy, but it was not good for him to stop what his daughter had done.
	Therefore, David would not be softhearted to Jerry if he continued to do something.
	Stacy was taken back to the Wang Home. In order to avoid the same thing happening, David specially arranged his assistant to look after her.
	In the villa, Jerry was sure that it was done by Jonas. He was such a narrow-minded man that he couldn't bear to see his own good.
	So when he saw that Stacy was kind to him, he asked David to sabotage their relationship.
	However, before he could think much, Alston came to the villa to look for him. At this time, Jerry had some resentment against him, and he had no longer obeyed him.
	Seeing this, Alston felt bad, but he still asked, "was she taken away?"
Chapter 342 A Sense Of Security
	"Are you satisfied now?" Jerry looked at Alston with mockery. There was no warmth in his eyes. This was his father!
	He abandoned him and her mother when he was a child, and now he just to make use of him. Now, in order to protect her legitimate son, he slowly took away everything.
	"What nonsense are you talking about?" Alston frowned and looked at Jerry. Jerry's expression remained the same, and his eyes were full of unwillingness and dissatisfaction.
	"Are you satisfied with what you have done to me?" Said Jerry. Hearing this, Alston knew that he had misunderstood. What happened this time had nothing to do with Jonas.
	"This time it has nothing to do with your brother. It's Mr. Wang came home and I couldn't find a way but tell him your address." Alston explained, but Jerry didn't believe it. He only believed that Jonas must be behind all this.
	"Stacy and I have been having a good time these days. David didn't come to bother us. Why did he come to us today? It must be that Jonas have said something else."
	Jerry insisted. No matter what the truth was, Jonas had to take the blame. Seeing this, Alston didn't know what to say. In the end, there was only silence between the two of them.
	The fight between the two brothers was unclear now. At this time, Alston began to doubt if he had done something wrong.
	Jonas didn't get involved in this matter, He knew that after David called him and told him about it.
	After telling this to Melinda, she was also surprised. Finally, she said, "Mr. Wang, who can see people clearly."
	She knew what kind of person Jerry was, so it was the best way to protect Stacy in this way, even if it was not accepted by her.
	"Well, are you going for a walk tonight?" Jonas agreed with her. At the beginning, he was also worried that David was not a rational person, but after getting along with him, he found that David really was.
	It was undoubtedly the happiest thing to get along with such a person.
	"Well, the doctor asked me to do more exercise." Said Melinda, touching her belly. Now it was getting bigger and bigger. Touching her round belly, the smile at the corners of her mouth became bigger.
	He couldn't help but put his hand on her belly. The happiness was exactly the same.
	"I'll go with you later." Jonas said. Hearing this, Melinda hesitated. He had been busy with the company's affairs since he was detained by the police.
	But maybe he was frightened by her illness this time, so he always spared a lot of time to accompany her.
	With a hesitant look on her face, she looked at him and said tentatively, "Jon, I can do it myself. Don't worry."
	He knew that she was thinking for him, and he also moved. When he was about to say that it didn't matter, his phone rang.
	The moment he picked up the phone, Ted realized that it was not the right time to make a call. At last, he could only tell him what had happened.
	"You can go to the company to deal with it. I'm really fine. Besides, mommy and auntie will be with me."
	The gentle smile at the corners of her mouth could comfort him. The impetuous mood of her calmed down at once.
	"Okay."
	He said and rubbed her head. Melinda smiled and felt a little guilty in her heart. She thought it was all her fault, which made him have a lot of misgivings.
	She didn't want him to leave her sight, but she also didn't want him to be unable to do many things because of her.
	She always told him that as long he was fine, everything would be fine.
	After Jonas left, Melinda asked the aunt to go out for a walk with her. Queena had her own business to deal with, and she didn't want to cause any trouble.
	But to her surprise, when she arrived at the park today, she saw Yulia's boyfriend with another woman.
	Every time she met him, she would carefully avoid him, but it undoubtedly affected her mood to take a walk.
	When Melinda returned home, she couldn't help telling this to Queena. However, Queena still didn't care about it.
	"You don't have to worry about it. It was her own choice. She deserved it." Said Queena. She didn't care about Yulia at all. In fact, it was her attitude last time that made Queena unhappy.
	She didn't think Yulia was a reliable person.
	Although Melinda was confused, she thought that since she had met that, she had to tell Yulia. There were some things that could be avoided.
	It was her business whether she heard it or not.
	After staying at the door of Yulia's room for a long time, Melinda finally knocked three times. Soon, the door was opened, and the smile on Yulia's face was still bright.
	With the phone in her hand, she seemed to be talking to someone happily.
	Seeing her like this, Melinda felt that she should tell this to her.
	"Melinda, what's wrong?" With the phone hidden behind her back, Yulia said in an anxious tone. Melinda had a feeling that she had ruined others' life.
	The smile on her face was a little embarrassed, but Melinda finally said, "are you busy now?"
	Yulia was not busy at all. Melinda was talking about her phone call.
	"I want to talk to you." Yulia still wanted to chat with her boyfriend, but she couldn't afford to offend her in this family.
	After all, many people acted according to the expression on Jonas, and the most favorite one of Jonas was Melinda.
	"One minute." After talking with her boyfriend for a while, Yulia hung up the phone. Then she opened the door and let her in.
	It was rare for Melinda to come to her room. At the first sight, she felt that the room was very young, very princess, or perhaps full of pink romance.
	"Melinda, what do you want to tell me?" She was still a little absent mind. Seeing her like this, Melinda was even more worried.
	"How are you doing with your boyfriend?" Melinda asked cautiously. Hearing that, a smile appeared on the corners of Yulia's mouth.
	She looked like a little woman in love.
	"We are fine." The smile couldn't be hidden any more. Melinda sighed in her heart.
	"Do you know him well?" Melinda asked. Yulia found something wrong.
	"Melinda, what are you going to say?" Her attitude turned cold and her tone was very bad.
	"Be careful." Melinda said sincerely.
	"Melinda, he is a good man."
	"I just want you to be careful about him."
	"I know. I know there are a lot of unhappiness between you and my brother, but you can't drive a wedge between my boyfriend and I just because you envy the sweet and romantic relationship of mine." Hearing this, Melinda widened her eyes in shock.
	She didn't expect that her kindness would bring for those words of Yulia.
	"I saw it with my own eyes. Anyway, be careful." Said Melinda. She was very said. But the expression on Yulia's face darkened, showing to ignore it.
	Feeling sad, Melinda didn't say anything but went back to the bedroom.
	Looking at the expression on his face, Melinda couldn't help but think of herself. It seemed that she trusted Jonas wholeheartedly just like Yulia.
	She didn't know whether he had another woman outside like that man.
	Pregnant women liked to make blind and disorderly conjectures the most. At this time, she really carried on this spirit. She sat alone in the bedroom, thinking about the scene that Yulia's boyfriend was with another woman.
	Then it gradually changed to the way that Jonas hugged other girls.
	Is it the same for all the men in the world to look for the woman and the excitement outside behind their wives and love?
	What's more, it was the most urgent time for him. She was pregnant and couldn't satisfy him.
	It was said that men were the most likely to make mistakes at this time. Was he really going to deal with business? The more she thought about it, the more confused she became. At last, she trembled.
	When she came to her senses, she realized that she had thought too much.
	Although she trusted him, she still felt uneasy after such a thing happened. Sitting on the bed with her mobile phone, she hesitated for a while and finally dialed his number.
	Her phone was always picked up very soon. Maybe he was trapped by something today, and it was a little late, but even so, it made her feel very suffering.
	"What's wrong, Linda?" His tone of concern was as gentle as ever. Jonas was such a cold person, but when she heard his voice, she felt relieved.
	"Nothing. When will you come back tonight?" Asked Melinda. Looking at the mountain of business piled up in front of him, Jonas rubbed his head.
	"I'm sorry, Linda. I have a lot of work to do today and it's urgent. I can't go home early. Don't forget to go to bed early."
	Said Jonas with guilt. Hearing this, Melinda was even more frightened. He seldom worked overtime these days, but why did he suddenly work overtime again. 
Chapter 343 Gossip
	Before Melinda could ask anything, there was Ted's sound again. After saying goodbye to her in a hurry, Jonas hung up the phone.
	Holding the phone in her hand, she was confused and terrified.
	It had been a long time since he hung up the phone. Now when she thought of it, she was in a trance.
	At the same time, the company was very busy. It seemed that Jerry had done nothing during this period of time, but many 'insects' had been left behind when Jonas was unaware of it.
	It was not a small project to deal with at this time.
	"Have you found all the information?" Jonas asked Ted. He was responsible for all the information. At this time, he had to find out who was the Jerry's man of this matter, so that he could deal with it thoroughly.
	However, Jerry was so scheming that it was not easy to find out the truth right away.
	"It's still under investigation. It's a bit tricky." Ted had always been wearing a cheeky grin. This kind of frown was enough to show that he was also in trouble this time.
	"What about you?" Jonas asked William. This time, there was something wrong with the partner, and William was in charge of it. The expression on William's face was almost the same as Ted. He didn't relax at all.
	The company was busy, but the home was quiet. Sitting on the bed alone, she couldn't help but think about something.
	Jonas said that he could take a walk with her. Why did he have to deal with so many things by himself and go home late?
	She was a little suspicious, and there was something wrong with it. In her eyes, it was a flaw. In addition, with the matter of Yulia in front of them, she lost the sense of security.
	After waiting at home for half an hour, Melinda couldn't help calling Jonas again and asking when he would go home. There was no progress in the company's affairs, and he couldn't tell when he could go home, so he asked Melinda to go to bed early.
	She didn't know if she should have been talked to him, but if she didn't hear his voice, which made her very anxious.
	She didn't know how she made it through this night. When she woke up in the morning, she was in a trance. There was cold on the other side of the bed.
	She didn't know whether he didn't come back last night or went out early in the morning. Anyway, she felt more and more uncomfortable.
	When she arrived at the restaurant, only Queena was sitting there waiting for her to eat. Melinda couldn't help but ask Queena if Jonas had come back last night.
	"He has been busy these two days. He left in a hurry in the morning." Queena said, noticing that Melinda was a little uncomfortable, and comforted her for a long time.
	The day passed with a heavy heart, but at night, she received a call from Jonas who couldn't go back early.
	"What are you doing outside?" With a sensitive mind, she soon realized that he was not in the company, but at the banquet, which made her feel more insecure.
	What's more, the places those bad girls liked most.
	He was handsome and rich, and the girls liked him the most. Unlike her, she could only wear loose clothes now, and could not have any reaction to excitement.
	"There's something wrong with the company's clients recently. I'm having dinner outside." He didn't like such an occasion, but he had no choice.
	In a special period of time, he couldn't be too willful. He had to find these important clients that had been driven away by Jerry in a special way.
	Otherwise, the company's performance would definitely decline a lot next month.
	"Isn't it enough to hand over these social engagements to William?" She became more and more suspicious, with fear and uneasiness almost accompanying her.
	"The current situation is quite special." He also felt that there was something wrong with her.
	Jonas explained and hung up the phone.
	She stayed at home alone. An hour later, she couldn't help but call him. It was almost the same question. He had been very upset by these things these days, and what she did at this time made him even more upset.
	But he didn't show it. He knew that he was too busy recently and Melinda began to suspect himself. He also wanted to change this, so he dealt with these things regardless of his own health.
	Now it seemed that the result was just the opposite.
	After making three phone calls, she didn't contact him anymore. Worried, he finally decided to put aside his work and accompany her.
	She was in a special situation now. She was easy to be suspicious and had no sense of security. Only his accompany could give her enough security.
	After the social engagements, when he returned home, he could see that Melinda was curled up in a corner, with tears in her eyes.
	He sighed silently in his heart. After taking a shower, he held her in his arms and entered the dream fragrance.
	When she slept at night, she was restless. She was so afraid that he would leave her. She was even afraid that if he had another woman outside, how could she stay with him.
	He spent the whole night comforting the restless girl. He didn't fall asleep until the next morning. She was ready to wake up without him by her side.
	But when she opened her eyes, she felt the warmth around her, as if she was in a dream. She couldn't help but lean closer to him in his arms.
	"Honey, sleep a little longer."
	Said Jonas, holding her tighter. She opened her eyes and looked at the familiar handsome face and the familiar smell of him. At this moment, she felt that she was not dreaming.
	Everything was real.
	"Don't you need to go to the company?" Melinda asked curiously, her eyes full of excitement. Seeing this, Jonas couldn't help but feel guilty. It seemed that he had been too busy these days.
	"Have a rest today." Said Jonas. He touched her head, indicating her to continue to rest. She couldn't sleep well these days, and now in his arms, she was gradually sleepy.
	It seemed that Jonas had a lot of free time to accompany her, in order to give her a sense of security. With such accompany, the feeling in her heart was finally much better.
	But all this was witnessed by Queena, she knew that it was because he put the company's affairs aside that he could accompany Melinda like this.
	During this period of time, Jerry had played a lot of tricks in the company, but he didn't deal with it in time, so he had to spend more time and energy to deal with it in the future.
	The best way to deal with anything is to take preventive measures in advance.
	Queena couldn't help but find Melinda without knowing it. When she saw the relaxed smile on Melinda's face, she couldn't help but feel more sorry for her son.
	"Mellie, have you feel that you are too clingy recently?" Queena didn't like to beat around the bush when talking to Melinda, which would make her think more. It would be better to speak out directly so that Melinda wouldn't think too much.
	"I…" Although she had realized it, she still liked the feeling. She liked that, not the fear that he had another woman outside.
	"Mellie, you have to know that Jonas is not running a small company. He is managing the whole of Soaring Group. You have to give him enough time to deal with these things." Queena and began to tell Melinda that, hoping that she could understand the difficulties of Jonas.
	"As his wife, although you can't help him in his career, you have to support him, right?" Queena said, in fact, reminding Melinda not to be a resistance to his work.
	It was not the first time that they had such a conversation. At the beginning, she didn't feel anything wrong, but at this time, she obviously felt that her behavior seemed to be very selfish.
	If she could believe him more, would she be able to balance her with him and would not let him suffer so much.
	"I know, Mommy." She was also reflecting on her behavior and felt that she was a little unreasonable.
	Queena was relieved to see that Melinda had realized it, and she didn't disappoint Queena. That night, she asked Jonas to go back to work and told him that she was fine, but she liked to think too much during that time.
	Even so, he was still worried that he would not stay in the company to work overtime. He came back home on time, fearing that Melinda would overthink.
	His thought moved her.
	Although Jerry didn't live in the Gu's mansion, he still often went back, which was something that Jonas couldn't stop. During this period of time in the Gu's mansion, Jerry had also arranged a few of his own people.
	As for the current situation of the Gu clan, Jerry could be said to be very clear about it.
	Knowing that Melinda's mood fluctuated a lot during her pregnancy and she was very suspicious of Jonas, Jerry asked someone to create the gossip about Jonas and the second tier actress.
	It seemed that the news reasonable, and there were also photos. That actress found netizens and sent the news to the hot topic. Immediately, the gossip about Jonas and her became the headlines of all kinds of entertainment magazines at the first time.
	When the actress was interviewed by the media, her words were ambiguous. As a smart person, she knew that she had something to do with the gossip, which was of great entertainment value, so she was very cooperative with the media.
	Although she was a second tier female star, she was not very popular at ordinary times. This time, she wanted to become a more popular star because of Jonas. 
Chapter 344 Being Rejected
	However, this piece of news was enough to stir up a storm in the entertainment circle. The less famous Luna suddenly had a relationship with Jonas, a business tycoon.
	Many people didn't care whether the news was true or not, but published one after another. There were more and more media that contacted the foot of Luna.
	This feeling of overnight flushing made Luna's foot a little floating.
	Her agent was even happier. After all, although the foot of Luna had struggled to the second tier position for so many years, it was still in a lukewarm state.
	"You're so lucky. You don't know who is going to oppose Jonas Gu and make these news. We'll give a response and leave some room for ourselves. I've said in the studio that if anyone asks, you'll say that you don't know. Maybe it's because of that."
	The agent said to Luna with a smile on his face. The business people liked to get involved in the entertainment circle from time to time, but she didn't expect that it would be him this time.
	The PR department were all smart people who knew how to make use of public opinion.
	The Soaring Group got the news quickly, but not faster than the team at the foot of Luna. When they came up with a solution, it was difficult to control the public opinion.
	Many media gathered downstairs of the Soaring Group and the atmosphere in the CEO Office was cold. William kept calling, and almost all of them were called by some partners to ask what was going on.
	Everyone who was familiar with Jonas knew that he had the only one love, Melinda. Now that she was pregnant, people still had a skeptical attitude when they heard such news.
	Then Ted led his team to investigate this matter. The enemy came aggressively. Obviously, they were well prepared and it was not easy to deal with it.
	Obviously, Luna was more interested this time. Luna also knew that Melinda was pregnant. She thought that all the men in the world wanted find another woman. And she wanted to take this opportunity to completely hook up with Jonas.
	After cleaning up at home, Luna greeted her agent and asked her assistant to take her to the Soaring Group to meet Jonas
	However, she was failed. When she arrived at the Soaring Group, she was shut out. When Luna was still trying, she received a call from her agent, telling her not to appear in front of the media at this time.
	"Do you have the phone number of Jonas?" Luna had a plan in her mind, and she was unwilling to give up. In her opinion, this was an excellent opportunity. If she missed it, she would be regrettable.
	It was known to all that if she could get involved with Jonas, being A-list movie star, which would not be a problem, not to mention the super star.
	She wanted to stand at the top of the entertainment circle.
	"I can't get his phone, but I got his assistant's number." The agent said that they could only get the phone number from the office or the Secretary office. If they could really get in touch with him, they would have the same status as him.
	"Send it to me first." Luna said. Her agent didn't say anything more. After hanging up the phone, he sent a number to Luna through short message. In many people's eyes, it was also difficult to get William's number.
	Luna called William and told him her name directly. William heard this name the most on this day he heard, so he did react immediately and replied official, "Our CEO has nothing to do with this female star."
	The smile at the corners of Luna's mouth was a little stiff, but then she said patiently, "Hello, I'm looking for Jonas."
	When it came to the relationship with Jonas, the appellation of Luna's unconsciously became intimate.
	William felt disgusted and wondered what was wrong? Woman? Such an emotional voice. Thinking of the fact that the person on the other end of the phone introduced herself, William finally realized that the woman on the other end of the phone was the heroine of the gossip.
	"Miss Zhang, you call just in time. We Soaring Group want to ask when your public relations department will clarify this gossip." William thought quickly and at the same time, he kept a distance from Luna, thinking that she didn't even have the qualifications to have a relationship with Boss.
	"I don't know either." The smile on Luna's face disappeared, and a look of unwillingness began to appear in her eyes. Her assistant, who had been following him for many years, immediately sensed the change in her mood.
	She couldn't help shrinking her body.
	Hearing this, William knew that there was nothing to talk about. He directly said that he had hung up the phone in a hurry. However, Luna didn't give up and called him several times, but he was refused cruelly in the end.
	It was clear that the other party didn't want to have anything to do with her. And her studio also said that this piece of news could not hold up the long-term heat, and there must be new news.
	"I can't even see him now. Where can I get the news?" Luna said irritably. There was also a reason why she hadn't been popular these years. Such a temper was too easy to offend. If it weren't for her good appearance, probably no one would cooperate with her.
	"The studio will deal with this matter. Don't cause any trouble." The agent said. They were also trying to find out who spread the news behind the scenes, and there had been some progress.
	But they didn't expect that the other party would come to them.
	Jerry had been paying close attention to the situation on both sides, so he naturally knew what was on Luna's side.
	"Cooperate?" Luna asked in confusion. She had no impression of Jerry, but he had heard a lot that the Gu clan had admitted an illegitimate child.
	It seemed that this bastard was behind all this.
	"Yes, what you need now is a 'truth'? I can ask him out for you. What do you think? " A gentle smile appeared on the corner of his mouth, but the scheme in his eyes was frightening.
	"What do you want me to do?" Luna was not stupid. How could there be such a good thing in the world? It could be said that she had been in the entertainment circle for so many years and was able to recognize the reality.
	"You just need to obey my arrangement. Don't worry. It's good for you." Jerry with a disdainful smile in his eyes. Luna was just like a chess piece in his hand. It was really annoying to talk so much as a chess piece.
	"Okay." After hesitating for a while, Luna agreed. The entertainment circle was too ruthless. At that time, perhaps what she missed was not an opportunity, but a loss of everything.
	Jerry knew that she couldn't make an appointment with Jonas by herself, so he decided to ask Jonas out by himself. The atmosphere between them had always been bad.
	From the investigation of Ted, it could be seen that this matter was most likely related to Jerry.
	"Okay, send me the place." Thinking that he had to deal with this matter, Jonas agreed and Jerry sent address to him soon.
	It was the coffee shop of company downstairs.
	This coffee shop was owned by the Group itself, which was a kind of welfare for the employees. The coffee shop was full of people at any time every day, and most of them were the staff of the Group who asked them out to work in there.
	Luna had done a good job at the seat that Jerry had told her. Being sensitive to the camera, she had found that many people around her were not the staff of the group, and their way of doing things was more like journalists.
	Such a kind of person usually liked to hide, and it could be found that many people used coffee cups to half cover their faces.
	When it was the appointed time, Jonas went downstairs. Recently, there were a lot of media around Soaring Group, but the coffee shop was inside the Group, so he didn't hide.
	Luna was very nervous when she saw Jonas. She was usually arrogant, but now she act as a petite woman.
	"Mr. Gu." Said Luna. Jonas looked at this woman in front of him in confusion. Although he had no impression of her, he had a lot of hunch in his heart.
	The surrounding reporters were excited to see this scene and could not help but stand out.
	"Mr. Gu, are you dating with Miss Zhang here? So, the recent news is true. Are you really together with Miss Zhang? "
	One of the reporters was so excited that he wanted to rush to the front of Jonas and ask. But when he felt the imposing manner of Jonas, but he didn't dare to do it.
	One of them stood out and others began to speak out their doubts. The employees in the cafe were surprised to find that their CEO was surrounded in an instant.
	The reporters pointed their long spears at the two people, and Luna stood there shyly.
	His temperament became colder and colder. The reporters realized that there was something wrong with the atmosphere and finally slowly calmed down.
	"This lady? Is it Miss Zhang? " Perplexed, Jonas looked at the person beside him and instantly distanced himself from her. Although he didn't say anything, but everyone knew what did he mean.
	He didn't even know the person in front of him.
	The expression on Luna's face changed dramatically, and the reporter's expression also changed. What a miraculous show it was.
	He didn't know who she was. Then why did the two meet here?
	"Soaring Group's public relations department will give you an answer to the gossip these days. As for me, I only love my wife."
	Said Jonas. The corners of his mouth were softer when he mentioned Melinda, which made the reporters felt that the truth was needless to say.
	Luna was slapped hard on the face by him, and he took this opportunity to confess his love to Melinda
	The farce ended in what Jonas said. The headlines of the second day were all turned down by Luna, which was beyond Jerry's expectation.
	The words were full of irony to Luna. 
Chapter 345 Slander
	When Jerry saw the news, he was very angry. He didn't expect that everything he had elaborately arranged would be used like this by Jonas.
	He didn't make more scandals about Jonas, but let him take this opportunity to build his image as a good man.
	Most of the reporters were arranged by Jerry, but he didn't expect that something would go wrong in the end. He was angry and personally asked one of the reporters for more information.
	"What's wrong with your report this time? It's a tryst between Jonas and Luna Zhang. How did it end up like this?"
	Jerry asked anxiously. At first, the reporter was a little confused, but then he realized that when Jerry contacted them, he said there was a big news.
	The news seemed to be a little different from their impression.
	"Our report is all true. That was the scene in the coffee shop at that time. So many people watched it, and no one dared to report false news,"
	the reporter said helplessly. Moreover, it was a coffee shop under the Soaring Group. They would be killed if they casually reported on Jonas.
	Jerry was still very angry, and he even felt unbelievable, thinking that this group of people had been bribed.
	"Don't wrong us. We didn't take any bribe from Mr. Gu. On the contrary, we..." The reporter didn't finish his words. In fact, the one who gave them the money was actually Jerry.
	The people in the Gu's mansion were also nervous for a while because of the news. They didn't feel a little relieved until the news came out.
	Seeing this, Queena felt much relieved. She had been worried that Melinda would overthink, and the whole family had concealed it from her. Now that it had been solved, she had taken the initiative to tell Melinda about it.
	"Luna, I remember I watched her TV play some time ago."
	Melinda frowned and looked at the woman on the newspaper in confusion. Her impression of her was very shallow, which was equivalent to nothing.
	"She is just an unknown actress. She wants to take advantage of the popularity of Jonas," Queena said with a smile. She had always had no good impression of the people in the entertainment circle, so the Soaring Group rarely involved in the entertainment circle.
	More importantly, she hated the entertainment circle because of Emily.
	"Okay," said Melinda. Then Queena mysteriously took out a newspaper in her hand. When Melinda saw the title on the newspaper, she was shocked with her eyes wide open.
	"Jonas, he..."
	Melinda covered her mouth with her hand, and all the words were stuck in her throat. Did Jonas really say these words in front of so many people?
	Reading the newspaper, Melinda felt a little ashamed, but she was more moved. A man as domineering as him could say he loved her in front of so many people.
	This love was enough to move Melinda.
	"As for you, just stay at home to nourish the fetus. I know well about Jonas. He is my son. He loves you," Queena comforted Melinda and told her not to think too much. Her eyes were still fixed on the newspaper.
	Her eyes were a little red, and finally she nodded heavily.
	It seemed that Melinda was fascinated. She read all the news reports yesterday and immersed herself in happiness.
	When Jonas returned home after he finished his work in the company, he saw the tears in her eyes. His first reaction was that Melinda had suffered something at home.
	"What's wrong? Did someone bully you?" When Jonas asked this question, there was tenderness and cruelty in his voice. Obviously, this tenderness was for Melinda, and hostility was because he was angry that someone bullied her. If he knew who bullied her, he would probably teach the one a lesson.
	"No, I just feel happy." Melinda threw herself into the arms of Jonas, who was tall and easily held her in his arms.
	"What?" Jonas was still confused, but Melinda did not say anything. It took a while for her to push him away and stand aside.
	After finding a seat on the sofa and holding her in his arms, Jonas sat down, making Melinda look at him. Then he asked seriously, "Can you tell me what happened now?"
	"I saw the news," Melinda said. As soon as Jonas heard this, he became nervous. He didn't know what news she had watched.
	"Don't look at the gossip outside. If you want to know something, just ask me. You are the woman I love most in my life. Don't think too much, okay?"
	Jonas's nervousness made Melinda feel very happy. She could clearly feel the love of the man in front of her.
	It was a kind of love from the bottom of his heart.
	"I know." Melinda nodded. She had read so much news, so she knew Jonas's heart.
	The two of them chatted happily for a while, and on this day, Jerry returned home.
	Melinda was on her guard against Jerry. Since everyone was here, Jerry didn't dare to do anything.
	"Why didn't you go to the coffee shop that day? You asked me out, didn't you?" Jonas asked calmly as he looked at Jerry. Everyone knew what had happened in the coffee shop. They all kept silent about the reason why Jonas and Luna appeared there at the same time.
	But at this time, Jonas's question was like giving out the answer, Queena's eyes instantly fell on Jerry with anger.
	"Yes."
	Under everyone's gaze, Jerry didn't lie and even began to think about how to deal with it.
	"Then why didn't you but Luna come yesterday?" Jonas continued to ask. He didn't recognize Luna yesterday.
	And fortunately, he reacted in time to deal with what happened yesterday, otherwise he would fall into the trap of Jerry again.
	Jerry was really cunning and unpredictable. He had to be careful at any time, or he would fall into a trap.
	At the thought of that her husband was talked about with another woman because of Jerry, Melinda was also very angry.
	"I don't know why Luna showed up there." Under everyone's gaze, Jerry remained calm and said calmly, without blushing or beating his heart.
	A mocking smile appeared at the corners of Jonas's mouth. Obviously, he didn't believe what he said.
	"I have been waiting for you on the two floor of the coffee shop, but you haven't shown up," said Jerry, shrugging helplessly. He looked at Jonas with a hint of provocation in his eyes.
	However, the provocation disappeared quickly.
	"I haven't seen you for a long time, so I left. I didn't expect you to go to meet Luna on the first floor," Jerry said, confounding right and wrong again.
	Hearing this, Queena felt something was wrong. It was obvious that Jerry was going to pour mud on Jonas. He didn't see Jonas? All this was just a trick.
	It was true that Jerry had a deep mind. Just now, he was in a panic, but he suddenly thought of a way to deal with it. He even deliberately said that Jonas went to meet Luna in front of Melinda.
	It seemed that he was telling the truth.
	"Shut up! You are really the son of a bitch. You are just a bitch," Queena shouted angrily. Her rude words made Jerry's face darken.
	He hated it the most in his life that someone would talk about his mother, and the ones Queena looked down upon the most were his mother and him.
	Alston's face darkened. After all, Jerry was his son.
	"Confound black and white, and use those dirty tricks all day long. Does such a person deserve to be a descendant of the Gu family?" Queena said sarcastically. Although her words were a little acerbic, they were reasonable.
	In Melinda's impression, Queena was elegant. Although she had seen her act like this for many times, it was the first time that she felt so good with her words. She was gentle and could not say these words, but she really hated Jerry from the bottom of her heart.
	"Well, as an elder, is it appropriate for you to say these words to a junior?" Alston couldn't help but stand out and stop Queena, who snorted coldly and stood aside without saying anything.
	Jerry lowered his head and stood aside, clenching his fists.
	"Jerry, you know the truth. You don't have to pour mud on Jonas." Melinda couldn't bear to see Jonas being wronged.
	She was also helpless about what Jerry had done.
	She was still sober now. After thinking about it for a while, she guessed that what Jerry did this time might not only aim at Jonas, but also at her.
	"Truth? The truth is that the media has found out that Jonas met that woman," said Jerry. He didn't care what others thought as long as Melinda believed it.
	"Then tell me, you didn't see Jonas? There was so much noise downstairs. I don't believe you didn't see him. You made an appointment with Jonas, but you arrived ahead of time and left earlier. What were you thinking at that time?"
	At first, Melinda was protected behind Jonas. But now, standing in front of Jonas, she looked like protecting her baby. Her aura suddenly became stronger.
	Being asked a series of questions by Melinda, Jerry didn't know how to answer them. He wanted to continue splashing mud on Jonas, but was stopped by Alston.
	Alston looked at his family and felt helpless. He stopped Jerry and stood between Melinda and him. "Well, it's all over. No one should mention it anymore."
	Actually, what he said was aimed at Melinda. He wanted her to stop. In the past, Melinda had been respectful to Alston, but today she didn't show any good face.
	Alston's face darkened. He turned to Jerry and said seriously, "It's getting late. You can go back to the villa next door."
	Although Jerry had moved out for a long time, he often came back and had never been driven out. Today, he was driven away by Alston in person, which made him embarrassed. But in this family, if he was detested by Alston, then he was really worthless. 
Chapter 346 Quarrel To Vent
	Jerry left dejectedly, but his existence was like a thorn in Queena's heart. In her heart, she was now unhappy with Alston, especially after she had just scolded Jerry for a few words, he spoke to stop her.
	In her eyes, such behavior was a form of protection. No matter how excellent her son was, there was no praise, let alone protection.
	In her husband's eyes, her son was not as good as an illegitimate child. Queena felt that the blood all over her body was a little frozen, which made her feel very cold.
	The coldest thing was her heart that had already died.
	However, Melinda was still angry with what Jerry had done to Jonas. She returned to her seat beside Jonas and remained silent. But her calm expression made Jonas feel her anger.
	Although Alston was in this family, he felt that he was disliked by all the people, and this feeling was so real.
	Crossing her arms over her chest, Queena stood aside and looked at him coldly. Nelson ignored the affairs of these young people and drank his tea quietly.
	She was wearing a purplish red dress, and her bright color was well controlled by her, and her aura was much deeper.
	"He is such a bad guy. Why do you still keep him by your side? Is it that you won't give up until he destroyed Jonas and the whole Gu family?"
	Queena was furious at Alston. She felt that she would explode if she didn't vent her anger.
	What she said was not exaggerated. What Jerry had done all the time was to destroy Jonas. He didn't play a positive role in the Soaring Group's affairs. Instead, he did a lot of damage, making Jonas clean up a lot of mess.
	"Jerry is a good boy, but he has been outside for too long," Alston said with a guilty conscience.
	After all, he was his son, and he didn't want to judge too much. He felt a little guilty. He had always thought that if Jerry could have grown up in the Gu family like Jonas, he must be very excellent now.
	Although most of the time, Jerry's actions were not presentable, it was undeniable that he was smart. Therefore, Alston also thought that Jerry was a smart man.
	Seeing that Alston didn't answer, Queena became more furious. Soon she recalled that he had an affair with another woman behind her back and had this wild child.
	No woman could bear the fact that her husband cheated on her. Queena always felt that there was no love between the two of them, and she could bear it. But at this time, when the mistress gave birth to the child and had such a great threat to her child, the hatred in her heart was growing.
	"A child raised by a bitch is disgusting no matter how hard it is transformed. Alston, if you hadn't fooled around with women outside, you wouldn't have such a bastard,"
	Queena said angrily, without her usual hostess's gentleness and elegance. At this moment, she was just an ordinary woman and an angry wife.
	Alston knew that he was wrong in this matter, and it was also his fault. Because of this matter, his father had punished him a lot.
	However, although Alston realized his mistake, he also felt that it had happened and could not be changed.
	He didn't ignore Queena's anger. Although the relationship between the couple was getting shallow, at this time, Alston still sincerely apologized.
	"I know it was my fault, but everything has happened. Your pursuit of these things now only makes yourself more uncomfortable,"
	Alston said. In his opinion, what he said was reasonable, but it meant something else to Queena. She was so angry that her chest heaved sharply.
	"What? Can't I say it? It has happened? Do you have any intention of stopping it at all? Many things haven't happened yet. Can't I stop them?"
	Queena said angrily. Although she was desperate about Alston, she was still disappointed at this time. Jerry was just an illegitimate child, and Alston could easily get rid of him with a sum of money.
	However, what Alston did was to make use of his last value. In the end, she didn't see the slightest value of Jerry, but saw countless troubles, all for her child.
	No mother didn't protect her child. Queena knew that she couldn't do anything else, so she just hoped to help Jonas.
	"I know I was wrong this time. I'm sorry." Alston didn't dare to continue to explain, but admitted his mistake obediently.
	Seeing the two people like this, Nelson thought they were likely to have a quarrel again. He didn't want to stay any longer, so he asked Gavin to help him back to the bedroom.
	On the other hand, Melinda looked at the two people in shock. She had been to the Gu's mansion for a long time, but she had only seen Alston for a few times. Recently, she had seen him more and more. On the contrary, he had come back because of Jerry.
	So it was the first time that she saw the two people quarreling so fiercely. At this time, they didn't even want to respect each other as usual.
	Melinda looked at Jonas worriedly. She was afraid that he would feel bad. Anyway, they were his parents.
	However, the expression on Jonas's face was very calm. He was even indifferent to the scene in front of him.
	"Jon, are you okay?" In her opinion, Jonas was not good at expressing his emotions. Maybe he was sad, but he didn't express it.
	If Jonas knew what was on her mind, he would have no doubt about the saying that one would be silly for three years once she was pregnant.
	"I'm fine. Are you tired?" said Jonas. He had known clearly that his parents didn't get along well with each other since he was young.
	Therefore, he had always pursued a kind of feeling that they loved each other and protected each other.
	"No." Melinda looked at him suspiciously, and then clenched his fingers. Such a simple move made Jonas feel warm.
	"Let's go upstairs. Just ignore them." Holding her fingers, Jonas took her upstairs. Still looking at the two people behind her with some worry, Melinda found that the two had already been immersed in a quarrel.
	Without any hesitation, Jonas took Melinda back to the bedroom belonged to the two of them.
	Melinda sat on the bed, lost in thought. Seeing the relationship between Queena and Alston, she always felt insecure.
	Melinda couldn't help but grab Jonas's arm. The confusion in her eyes made Jonas feel sorry for her. He touched her head and asked softly, "What's wrong?"
	"Jonas, did mommy and daddy love each other when they were young?" Melinda asked in confusion, and Jonas was also baffled by this question. After thinking for a while, he hesitated and said, "Maybe yes."
	He didn't know much about his parents' feelings. He just thought maybe they had loved each other, but it didn't matter whether they loved each other or not now.
	"What about you? Are you going to find another woman after I give birth to my baby and become old like your dad?" Melinda asked seriously. She was deeply touched by the relationship between Alston and his wife.
	She didn't know much about love. It had always been the kind of plain but warm relationship between her grandparents. In the end, she had suffered a lot from Jonas. She was the most unconfident about love.
	Hearing what Melinda said, Jonas sighed in his heart and felt a little helpless. He didn't expect that he still couldn't give her a sense of security.
	"Linda, I promise I won't be like my father. The education I received is the love between my grandpa and grandma. Grandpa can guard her even after grandma is gone."
	The feelings of the older generation were always touching. When Melinda heard this, she thought of her grandparents and felt touched.
	In fact, that was exactly what she envied all the time?
	Maybe, she could realize that with Jonas. Even if one was not here, the other one would still keep the love. Jonas seemed to be worried that Melinda still didn't believe him, so he said a lot.
	He was a man who didn't know how to say sweet words. Every word he said now made Melinda feel sincere.
	She felt relieved and the smile at the corners of her mouth relaxed a lot. She nestled in the arms of Jonas and felt the most real contact.
	All the feelings seemed to have been settled when the two of them got along with each other.
	"Well, I believe you." Then Melinda thought of the two couples downstairs and still felt worried.
	"Are we really not going downstairs to have a look?" Melinda asked. She was still worried, but Jonas didn't feel anything.
	Parents are not children anymore. There are some things that need them to deal with by themselves. It was meaningless for them to interfere.
	What was more, Jonas could feel that there was no love between the two people. Since there was no love between them, it seemed that it was meaningless to argue with each other anymore.
	"It doesn't matter. It's good for them to quarrel." Holding Melinda in his arms, Jonas swore to himself that he would protect her and not let her see this.
	He hoped that what Melinda saw was all about the beauty of the world.
	Thinking that it was not a good thing for one to suppress her feelings for a long time, Melinda thought it might be a good thing to quarrel and let it go. So she nodded in agreement.
	The quarrel downstairs was faintly spread upstairs. While accompanying Melinda, Jonas also secretly blamed all this on Jerry.
	If he hadn't appeared, all this would not have happened.
Chapter 347 Jessica Shen
	In the villa next to the Gu's mansion, when Jerry returned home, he only felt a burst of coldness. There were still Stacy's warm words at home before, but now there was nothing.
	If it weren't for Jonas, he would have been the winner.
	On the other hand, Jerry would never admit that he was the loser. He only felt that the time hadn't come. He would definitely win the game and take back everything that belonged to him.
	But now, he failed again. In a rage, Jerry smashed almost everything in the living room and finally leaned against the sofa.
	Closing his eyes, his mind was full of what Queena had just said. She insulted his mother and disdained him. One day, he would trample these people under his feet and let them realize their mistakes today.
	He had been quiet in the villa for a long time, but he still didn't know what to do. Sadly, Jerry found that the woman who could say a few words to beside him was Stacy.
	And she was the only one who could help him. At this time, he was grateful to Alston for giving him the handsome face to do something.
	Jerry couldn't help but remember that Stacy once mentioned her best friend, Jessica Shen, who was a famous female singer in the entertainment circle.
	He sat on the sofa, with an apple book in his hand, and began to search for information about Jessica. He came up with an idea.
	Jerry contacted Stacy first. The two met outside. Due to the previous lessons, the two of them were very careful when they met now.
	Stacy often went to a beauty salon, where there was a place for rest. At this time, the two of them met in the room. There was a bottle of red wine on the small table, and the goblets were filled with the red wine.
	The light in the room was dim, creating a romantic atmosphere. Jerry and Stacy were sitting face to face, and finally Stacy was sitting on Jerry.
	With his arms around her waist, Jerry couldn't help but want to take action.
	But he held it back in the end. Stacy had the child of the two of them, which was his biggest bargaining chip at the moment.
	"Stacy, you are the only one who can help me now." Jerry buried his head on Stacy's shoulder and said in a sad tone, which made her heart ache.
	Jerry told everything that happened to him today to her. After hearing this, Stacy was very angry. She didn't expect that Jerry would suffer so much in the Gu's mansion.
	"Don't worry. I will help you." Stacy put her hand on Jerry's hair and said gently. Stacy was so immersed in this love that she couldn't tell right from wrong.
	She felt that what Jerry had done was right.
	But how could she help Jerry? Stacy was confused. At this time, she realized that everything she had was given by her father.
	And her father didn't like Jerry very much now. Because of Jerry, her relationship with her father was getting worse and worse.
	"I have a plan. Honey, can you help me?"
	Jerry said as if he had grasped the last life-saving straw. His eyes were full of affection which covered the scheme in the end.
	Stacy was immersed in such affection.
	"What plan?" Stacy asked. As long as she could help Jerry, she could do anything.
	"Do you have a close friend called Jessica Shen?" Jerry said. This was his next very important chess piece.
	Stacy was embarrassed for a moment. She was in a bad mood when her boyfriend mentioned another woman in front of her.
	And Jessica was one of her important friends. She grew up with her and was a lively female singer. She was famous in the entertainment circle.
	It was also because of this that she hadn't arranged two people to meet even though she had been with Jerry for so long.
	"Yes, she is my good friend," Stacy said. She knew that she had mentioned her to Jerry before. Although she didn't understand why Jerry mentioned her, she believed that Jerry must have a reason.
	"I need her help." Jerry came straight to the point. In order to avoid Stacy from thinking too much, he spoke out his plan directly.
	"She is famous. I want her to have an affair with Jonas to make Melinda angry," said Jerry. Women like Jessica were the most attractive to men.
	She was talented and good-looking. If it weren't for Stacy, he would have showed interest, but he could only hide it at this time.
	Stacy shook her head immediately.
	"Jessica won't agree."
	Stacy felt that she knew her good friend very well, and she was sure that she would never agree to it. Moreover, it was impossible for Stacy to let her best friend have an affair with a married man and bear such an insult.
	"I don't think your plan is good at all,"
	Stacy said again, but she was also rejecting Jerry's proposal. She seldom refused him. This time could be counted as one of a few times. From this, Jerry also saw some special feelings of Stacy towards Jessica.
	"Stacy, this is the best plan now." Jerry didn't get angry, but said again in a helpless tone.
	Even a little helpless, Stacy's heart began to shake. She looked at Jerry hesitantly and then said, "How about I ask her out to have a try?"
	"Let's not talk about the plan now. It depends on herself. Is that okay?" Jerry said. According to the investigation results last night, he had seen how Jessica's fans described her expectation for her lover.
	As for Jonas, to a large extent, he was the same as her expectation.
	He believed that as long as the two met, there would be a way to make Jessica his side.
	As for Jerry, he had planned everything.
	The two of them discussed for a long time in the room and finally left. They were both careful when they left, fearing that they would be seen.
	Jerry asked his subordinates in the company to investigate the recent schedule of Jonas and thought that tomorrow was a good time.
	There was a project for Jonas to be discussed tomorrow and they would meet in a coffee shop.
	This coffee shop was a high-end one in A City. People couldn't get in without certain status. The other party hadn't arrived yet when Jonas arrived.
	On the other hand, Jerry sent the location of Jonas to Stacy. Stacy happened to be on the phone with Jessica.
	Jessica was really busy. Even when she was on the phone, Stacy could hear her agent and assistant talking. Most of the time, they were talking about Jessica's schedule.
	She was really busy. She just finished the show and then called back Stacy.
	When she heard that Stacy wanted to make an appointment with her, Jessica said to her agent, "Please spare my schedule this afternoon."
	She made a gesture to her agent, and then walked to a seat in front of the French window and sat down. She had just finished the show, and now she had an exaggerated makeup on her face, which made her look wild and pure.
	The tight black shirt wrapped her perfect body line, and the bright short skirt made her every move full of amorous feelings.
	She was like a born beauty. Many people thought that Jessica was a natural person for this circle.
	"Why did you come to me today?" Jessica asked Stacy with a smile. She knew that Stacy had a boyfriend recently, and the two of them had been sweet every day, so they hadn't seen each other for a long time.
	Today, Stacy asked her out, which made her a little flattered.
	"We haven't seen each other for a long time," Stacy said with a guilty conscience. She still couldn't get over the setback when she thought of taking advantage of Jessica, but she couldn't bear the grievance that Jerry had suffered in the Gu family.
	"Yes, you are even busier than me now,"
	Jessica couldn't help but tease her. She rubbed her forehead, feeling a little uncomfortable. She had been working so hard these days that she felt like a spinning top.
	"You can make fun of me. Let's go to the coffee shop and have a rest. I'll send you the address."
	Realizing that she was teased, Stacy couldn't help but feel a little shy. She said in a hurry and hung up the phone.
	She retweeted the address that Jerry had sent to her to Jessica and found another place to sit down.
	Jessica didn't think her clothes was suitable to meet her bestie. She put on a light make-up and a white fairy dress before heading to the coffee shop.
	This coffee shop had high external requirements, but it was also highly confidential. To a certain extent, these celebrities liked it.
	According to the seat given by Stacy, Jessica arrived at the appointed seat.
	On the other side of the table sat a man, who looked amazing at a glance. He was wearing a simple white shirt, and his hair was meticulously combed. He looked extraordinary.
	In an instant, Jessica seemed to hear her heartbeat. Wasn't this her dream lover?
	Did her best friend come to her today to introduce a good man to her? She really meant it.
	A lot of thoughts came to Jessica's mind.
	However, when Jonas saw Jessica, he didn't have a strong impression of her. He wondered why the partner company sent a woman here, which was different from the one he had agreed at the beginning.
	However, having been in the business world for so long, of course, Jonas would not do anything to look down upon women. Even if the other party was a woman, he would show his most sincere sincerity to this cooperation.
	The two of them began to talk. Jessica was a lively and talkative person, and the atmosphere was not cold at all. Although Jonas didn't talk much, she felt comfortable to get along with him like this.
	Stacy thought everything was going well, so she sent a message to Jessica and asked her why she hadn't arrived yet. Then she pretended to be surprised and found that she had sent the wrong location to her, so she sent a new location to her again. 
Chapter 348 Being Followed
	Only then did Jessica realize that she had made a mistake. She looked embarrassed and at a loss.
	She had thought that it was an encounter arranged by Stacy, but she didn't expect that it was just a mistake. Her uneasiness became more and more obvious. Jonas was an observant person.
	He waited quietly for the other party to speak first.
	After hesitating for a long while, Jessica said awkwardly, "I'm sorry. I seem to have taken the wrong seat."
	She lowered her head and held the phone tightly. Her face was flushed with shyness. She typed on the phone nervously and asked Stacy where she was now.
	Jonas had thought that Jessica was going to get to the point and talk about the cooperation, but he didn't expect to get such an answer. He was a little confused, and then he felt something was wrong.
	He had an appointment with someone today. Even if Jessica had taken the wrong seat, the person he was going to meet should have arrived. Why hadn't he arrived yet?
	Jonas frowned immediately. Seeing this, Jessica became more and more nervous. She thought that Jonas must be angry.
	Although she was lively, she was also a simple minded person. She was a little sensitive. In the face of such a situation, she didn't know what to do.
	She sat in her seat awkwardly. The smile on her face made her feel more tired than being on the show. At this time, Stacy called and asked where she was.
	"Sorry, I really don't know. Sorry for bothering you." With these words, Jessica stood up in a hurry and ran away with her bag.
	What the two didn't know was that there was a person lurking in the dark who had recorded the whole conversation between the two.
	When Jessica arrived at Stacy's seat, her face was still half red and white. Before she came to herself from what had happened just now, Stacy had ordered her favorite tea.
	She took a gulp of tea and said, "It's said that women in love are all idiots. I think it is true. How can you make a mistake about the seat? Do you know how embarrassed I was just now?"
	Stacy knew what had happened to Jessica, but she pretended to be shy and confused. "I'm not an idiot. What happened to you?"
	"Nothing, nothing..." At the thought of what had happened just now, Jessica decided to let it go and change the subject.
	But she didn't expect that everyone would know about it if she didn't mention it.
	It happened in the afternoon. In the evening, there was news on the entertainment newspaper. Jonas was once again on the newspaper. Yesterday, the woman was the second tier female star, Luna, and today the woman was the favorite of the music circle, Jessica. It could be said that a group of men envied him.
	This group of keyboard men began to abuse him without hesitating. Almost in an instant, the micro-blog hot search was about Jonas and Jessica. At this time, it could be said to be the liveliest time on the Internet.
	Almost everyone was talking about it. Although Melinda was pregnant, she didn't completely stop using these electronic products.
	Not only did this news report about Jessica, but also about the previous Luna. In the end, many people came to the conclusion that Melinda was pregnant. As a vigorous man, it was normal for Jonas to find a woman.
	But they didn't understand why he wanted to find a woman in the entertainment circle, and this time, Jonas had made so much noise.
	Everything went on as Stacy and Jerry expected. The news about the dubious relationship between a famous female star and Jonas almost hit the headlines of all the websites.
	The group of people who liked to gossip were overjoyed to see that.
	At the same time, Jonas had already felt that this matter was strange. Now that it was exposed, he realized that he had been schemed again.
	The person he was going to meet that day was stopped by Jerry halfway. There was no relaxed atmosphere in the CEO office these days.
	Ted began to suspect himself. Although the Soaring Group had the public relations department, he was basically in charge of the private affairs of Jonas. These accidents made him feel ashamed to see Melinda.
	"Just spread a news. The more replies you give, the more excited those people will be," said Jonas to Ted. He knew the mindset of these media and netizens very well.
	He didn't focus on that now, but called Melinda as soon as possible to explain. During this period of time, Melinda had a very insecure feeling, and this kind of thing would only make the situation worse.
	At this time, in the Gu's mansion, Melinda was leaning against the sofa in comfortable home clothes and reading the news, without any expression on her face.
	However, she was not calm at all. When the phone rang, Melinda's expression softened a little.
	Seeing that the caller was Jonas, Melinda hesitated for a long time before answering the phone.
	"You saw the news."
	As far as Jonas knew, Melinda was in a bad mood when she answered the phone without saying anything.
	"Uh huh," replied Melinda sulkily. At this moment, she was still reluctant to talk to Jonas.
	Seeing this, Jonas knew that Melinda must have thought too much. The two had been together for so long, but her trust in him was still so little.
	This made him feel powerless. Then he thought that Melinda was pregnant and he was busy. It was normal that the news outside affected her mood, so Jonas gradually calmed down.
	"Linda, I didn't do anything wrong to you. I did meet her yesterday, but it was just a misunderstanding..." Jonas briefly told her what had happened yesterday. There was something unusual in it. As a smart girl, Melinda could figure out what had happened if she thought about it.
	Although she understood what was going on, the discomfort in her heart could not be healed in a short time.
	"I see." Her voice was still a little depressed. "Honey, don't think too much. I'll go home and have a good rest after I finish my work in the company."
	"Okay." Then Melinda hung up the phone. She was afraid that if the two continued to talk, she could not help but doubt.
	Trust was the most important thing in love. She was really afraid that she would break up with Jonas one day, so even if her heart was full of fear and uneasiness, she didn't dare to express it.
	She was afraid that Jonas would feel disappointed because of her being like this.
	Melinda felt she was very complicated. When she looked at the woman on the phone, she had to admit that Jessica was a charming woman.
	She knew she was a singer and she had heard a lot of her songs. But she didn't expect that one day she would have such a connection with such a person.
	From Luna to Jessica, the last string in Melinda's heart was completely destroyed, especially when she saw the excellence of Jessica, she was even more afraid.
	Melinda didn't want herself to think too much or make trouble out of nothing, so she sent someone to investigate Jessica in secret.
	Jessica had been in the entertainment industry for many years and had become famous for a long time, but there had never been any negative news about her. No one knew whether it was because of her strong background or something else.
	However, the more such a person was like this, the more curious people would be about her rumors. Therefore, this time, the popularity between her and Jonas was unprecedented. In an instant, the Weibo of Jessica was full of comments.
	Her agent felt even more regretful. She should have stopped Jessica when she was about to go out alone.
	"I'm really not familiar with Jonas. It was just an accident when I saw him at that time. It's true." It had been a long time since Jessica saw her agent's furious eyes, and she felt like she couldn't hold on any longer.
	But no one believed her. Everyone thought there was something between her and Jonas.
	"Come on, I admit that Jonas is really excellent, but do you think I will like a married man?" said Jessica helplessly.
	She thought she was a moral person, so she wouldn't flirt with people like Jonas. When the agent heard her words, she immediately felt that it made sense and finally let her go for the time being.
	Everyone in the Gu's mansion felt strange about the atmosphere between Melinda and Jonas recently. They all understood it because of the recent gossip about them.
	In the past two days, Melinda had been waiting for the news. Because of Jessica's identity, it was difficult to investigate what had happened to her before, so the people she found began to follow Jessica.
	In the past few days, there had been a lot of news about Jessica. This girl's social circle was very simple. Even if she went to see the sponsor or something, she wouldn't drink too much and always kept herself sober.
	She seldom went out at night. Most of the time, she practiced singing at home and occasionally went to some high-end clubs with her friends.
	Most of her friends were socialite divas. Even if she liked to play, she had her limit. In a word, according to the people who investigated, she was a person who had a clean conscience.
	The scandal had spread all over the city recently, which somewhat affected Jessica's life. In the past two days, she even suspected that she had been stalked.
	When she told the agent about this, she was frightened to sweat and asked her not to go out recently.
	"I don't think that person has any evil intention," Jessica said. The agent thought that this girl was too simple to distinguish good from bad, so she said sincerely, "You've been followed. How good can he be?"
	"You can ask someone to investigate who stalked you first. It's easy to solve it," Jessica said. Her agent agreed as she thought that this was a good idea.
	Their connection network was small. And the one followed her was found soon. It didn't take long for them to get the answer. It was Melinda's order!
Chapter 349 Being Brainwashed
	This was a surprising answer. The agent's face immediately turned pale, but Jessica's face was calm and even a little guilty.
	Because she had brought trouble to other people's relationship, Jessica made a decision at the thought of Melinda's pregnancy.
	"This woman has gone too far. She even sent someone to follow you. She didn't discipline his husband well and deliberately found fault with others. Such a person deserves it even if she is cheated." The agent was so mean that even Jessica couldn't help but frown.
	"I don't think she did anything wrong. It's a mistake. If you say so, it seems that I really have something with Jonas," Jessica said. She was a lively girl, but she would also be angry sometimes.
	Upon hearing this, the agent realized that she had said something wrong and immediately shut her mouth. After all, Jessica was not a simple singer. She had her own family background.
	"Can you get Melinda's phone number?" Soon, Jessica understood what was on Melinda's mind. She wanted to ask Melinda out and explain everything to her.
	"I'm not sure if I can get in touch with her through her e-mail," the agent said. Jessica nodded her head. But she still said that it would be the best if she could find the direct contact information.
	It never occurred to Melinda that Jessica would come to her and take the initiative to ask her out. The two of them didn't talk as fiercely as she had expected. The communication between them was very simple and peaceful, as if they were partners, and they were very polite.
	Jessica's frankness made Melinda feel a little embarrassed, as if she was speculating others with the utmost malice.
	The place where the two met was a private senior club with membership system. Although Melinda didn't have a membership card here, no one would stop her because of her identity.
	When Melinda arrived at the appointed room, she was surprised to see Jessica. She had a very different impression of her.
	Perhaps it was because of Emily, Melinda didn't have a good impression of the people in the entertainment circle, so she always thought that Jessica might be that kind of bitch.
	But at this time, she looked like a very pure girl, and her eyes were even naive.
	"Hello, I'm Jessica Shen." At the sight of Melinda, Jessica walked up to her and greeted her. The smile on her face was so warm that the darkness in Melinda's heart seemed to be expelled in an instant.
	"Hello, I'm Melinda." Melinda was a little embarrassed. She didn't know how to start a conversation with Jessica, but the latter naturally mentioned what had happened that day to her.
	"I went to see a friend the other day and accidentally walked to the wrong place. I didn't expect to be photographed by the media and made wild guesses. I'm sorry for bothering you because of my identity,"
	Jessica said guiltily. She was afraid that the paparazzi would find out her identity. Perhaps she was worried that Melinda wouldn't believe it, she also showed her the chatting records of her and Stacy.
	Melinda believed what she had seen. From the first time she saw Jessica, she thought she was a pure girl.
	She didn't expect that the meeting between the two people didn't have the slightest smell of gunpowder, and even after they talked, they had a lot of common interests. The friendship between women was so inexplicable. At last, the two people exchanged their contact information and added WeChat, becoming friends.
	Melinda felt that this day was really fantastic, and the stone in her heart fell after she saw Jessica.
	She wouldn't suspect that there was something between Jonas and Jessica. Jessica was a girl who had a clear distinction between love and hatred. She wouldn't do anything to destroy other people's family.
	When Melinda returned home, she still felt unreal. She didn't tell Queena that she went out today, so she saw the anxious expression on Jonas's face when she went home.
	Too many things had happened during this period of time, and Jonas was really afraid that Melinda would make blind and disorderly conjectures. When Queena told him that Melinda was missing, his breath seemed to have stopped at that moment.
	"Where have you been?" Holding Melinda tightly in his arms, Jonas asked nervously. He was still in a daze even until now.
	"I went to see Jessica today,"
	Seeing the nervousness in Jonas's eyes, Melinda realized what she had done and hugged him tightly with guilt.
	Jonas was worried about Melinda when he heard that she went to see Jessica. But it seemed that nothing had happened, except that Melinda's attitude had changed.
	Previously, as long as Melinda heard the name of Jessica, her face would instantly become cold. But today, when she mentioned it, she was so calm, even with a faint smile.
	"She called you?" asked Jonas, with a hint of cruelty in his eyes. Melinda held his hand to comfort him, and then briefly told him about the meeting today.
	"I think she is a good girl. I'm sorry. I misunderstood you,"
	Melinda said guiltily. She didn't miss the sadness in Jonas's eyes when he knew that she had investigated it secretly.
	"It's okay. Don't get too close to her in the future."
	Thinking of the identity of Jessica, Jonas reminded Melinda. But at this time, Melinda had a good impression of Jessica, so she was confused about what he said.
	She didn't ask too much. She just thought that Jonas was afraid that she would have a grudge against him.
	In the next few days, Melinda kept in touch with Jessica. Jessica told her that she had something interesting to do in the preparation of the concert and the program. She felt happy every day.
	It seemed that Melinda's irritability during pregnancy had been alleviated since she had known such a friend.
	"Do you have time recently? Last time, I went to the hot spring with my friend and thought it was not bad. There is also medicine spring. Do you want to go with me?"
	Since Melinda was pregnant, most of her activities were in the Gu's mansion. She was looking forward to going out to play.
	"Will your friend go with you?" It occurred to Melinda that Jessica used to go with her friends. If she was not familiar with her friends, she would be embarrassed.
	"She doesn't have time to accompany me since she is in a relationship recently. When I see her, I really think that all the women in love are idiots, who are usually so shrewd."
	Speaking of Stacy, Jessica thought of what happened last time. At this time, she was really curious about what kind of boyfriend Stacy had found and her whole mind was focused on that.
	"Maybe she cares him too much." Hearing that, Melinda smiled knowingly. She felt that she could understand how Jessica's friend felt.
	"Yeah, maybe Stacy likes him too much." Hearing what Jessica said, Melinda frowned. 'Stacy? Did I hear it wrong?'
	"What's your friend's name?" Melinda suddenly became excited. She had always been gentle, so Jessica was a little surprised to see her like this, but she still answered.
	"Stacy Wang, you may know her. Her father is David Wang." David was quite famous in A City.
	Hearing this, the expression on Melinda's face froze for a few seconds. She couldn't help but think of what Jonas said that day. Did he know it from the beginning?
	"Do you know who is her boyfriend?" Melinda's voice was almost squeezed out of her throat. She was worried that what had happened recently would be an illusion.
	"She told me that his name is... It seems to be Jerry Xi. Do you know him?" Jessica asked. Melinda frowned and felt that there was something wrong.
	"The friend you met that day is Stacy?"
	Melinda asked. The smile on Jessica's face froze. Just like her, she thought of a possibility.
	Perhaps, it was not Stacy's mistake, but her deliberate mistake.
	All of a sudden, she felt a chill in her heart, a sense of fear.
	She began to recall the details with Melinda of her meeting with Jonas. At last, she was sure that she was used by Stacy and Jerry.
	"I didn't expect that it was Stacy who asked you out at that time. You go back and persuade her not to do such meaningless things." In Melinda's opinion, she and Jessica were just friends, but Stacy and Jessica were best friends, so they were closer.
	So she didn't say anything more about Stacy. She just hoped that Stacy could be persuaded by Jessica.
	When Jessica knew the truth, she felt a little sad. Her friend, whom she took out her heart and treated seriously, was plotting against her.
	"I will talk to her."
	Because of Stacy, the two of them seemed a little depressed. They didn't mention anything about hot spring. After hanging up the phone, Jessica went straight to Stacy.
	"You arranged everything last time, didn't you?" Although Jessica tried to calm herself down and said those words calmly, she still felt sad.
	"I'm your best friend. How could you do this to me for a man? Stacy, you've become so strange to me." Jessica couldn't help but feel disappointed.
	Moreover, Stacy didn't listen to her advice at all. Stacy didn't take her disappointed words seriously. She just thought that the reason was that Jessica was so close to Melinda recently and she was brainwashed by her.
	"Jessica, I'm your best friend. You should help me, not stand by the side of that bitch. They've been trying to stop me from being with Jerry,"
	Stacy said angrily. Jessica only thought that she was entranced by Jerry. Jessica got angry and hung up the phone.
Chapter 350 Have A Daughter And A Son
	Jessica had never treated her like this before. The more Stacy thought about it, the more uncomfortable she felt. She thought that it was all because of Melinda.
	She was so angry that she blamed all the faults on Melinda. She didn't think about her own problems at all. The reason why Jessica was angry was that she took advantage of her.
	And her stubbornness.
	In the Gu's mansion, Melinda was still in a trance. She didn't expect that Jessica and Stacy were good friends. Thinking of Jessica, she felt a little sorry for her. That was a good girl, but being used by her good friend like this might make her very sad now.
	Stacy and Jerry did everything they could to destroy the relationship of Jonas and her.
	"Miss Wang, Young Mistress is still sleeping. Please don't disturb her." Gavin's anxious voice interrupted Melinda. When she came to herself and looked at the door, she saw Stacy coming in with an arrogant face.
	It was in the Gu's mansion, but Stacy didn't realize it as a guest at all. Perhaps she had been brainwashed by the thought that the Gu's mansion would belong to Jerry sooner or later.
	Gavin had seen a lot of people in his life, but he really didn't like Stacy. When he walked to the living room and saw that Melinda was sitting there, he simply stood aside.
	"Young Mistress, Miss Wang wants to see you," said Gavin. Taking a look at Stacy, Melinda felt that she was looking for trouble.
	"Give Miss Wang a glass of water," Melinda said and sat more straight. Jonas had said that this was the Gu's mansion, and she was the master here, so Stacy was not qualified to show off in her territory.
	"Melinda, it's disgusting to see you like this. A pheasant always fantasies about becoming a Phoenix." Stacy was jealous of Melinda, but her words were disgusting.
	Looking at Stacy, Melinda didn't say a word. She thought she had heard a lot of such ridicule and was immune to it.
	"Why do you try to destroy my relationship with Jerry again and again? Do you have to destroy others' because you are not happy when Jonas goes out to find a woman?"
	Although Stacy was not a shrewd woman, she was good at poking people's wounds. At first, Melinda didn't care much about these things, but now Stacy said it out like this, and she really didn't know how to feel.
	Hearing this, Gavin was very worried about the emotional impact of Melinda. Stacy spoke rudely, like a rural shrew.
	She was not as elegant as a lady from an eminent family at all. It was a pity that a person like David had such a daughter.
	When Queena heard the quarrel downstairs, she went downstairs quickly. At this time, when she saw Stacy pointing at Melinda's nose and scolding her, she was angry.
	In the past, she only targeted at Jerry and she would not say anything about Stacy because of her identity, but now she didn't care about it at all.
	Queena kept her elegance even in a hurry. Melinda sat in her seat with a cold face and her chest heaving.
	She repeatedly told herself not to be angry, but it was really difficult to control her emotions after pregnancy.
	Stacy's words were clearly heard by her like knives. It was not until Queena stood in front of her that Melinda came to her senses.
	"Who the hell are you? You came to my house to make trouble. Gavin, drive this woman out. Disgusting." Queena pushed Stacy away and said to her in disgust.
	Gavin didn't dare to do that because he was afraid of the relationship between the two families. Now with the order of Queena, he directly drove Stacy out of the Gu's mansion with several people.
	Although Stacy left, there was still a shadow in Melinda's heart.
	What she said was imprinted in her heart.
	Jessica knew about Stacy making trouble in the Gu's mansion. Jessica didn't expect that Stacy would do such an impulsive and brainless thing.
	"I'm sorry. That's just how she is. She's too stupid and thoughtless," Jessica said guiltily. She thought Stacy had a reason for this.
	However, Melinda thought what Stacy did had nothing to do with Jessica, who didn't need to apologize at all. But thinking that Stacy had such a friend to protect her, Melinda felt a little envious.
	But she hoped Stacy could cherish Jessica.
	"It's okay. I'm not angry." Melinda didn't want to embarrass Jessica, so she tried to comfort her with a smile, as if to prove that she was really fine.
	In fact, she was a little scared. She was not afraid of those offensive words, but she was afraid that these words would fall on her child.
	Although Stacy didn't say anything, she was threatening her. Melinda was really afraid of losing her child, which was a knot in her heart.
	If she lost the baby, Melinda would doubt whether she and Jonas deserved to have a baby or not.
	"Well, don't worry about these things," Jessica said. A bright smile tugged at the corner of her mouth, as if healing people.
	"Okay," Melinda answered. However, she was a little absent-minded. Seeing this, Jessica was thinking about how to make her happy.
	She was good at singing, but most of the love songs were sad. It didn't seem to be the right time. What else could she do?
	"By the way, I've learned divination and it's very accurate. Do you want to have a try?" In the past few years, Jessica had learned a lot about the blood pressure suppression. She was interested in divination, so she went to study it carefully.
	Hearing this, Melinda suddenly felt novel. She had heard a lot about divination, but she had never tried it.
	"I want to have a try." It was inevitable for Melinda to be curious. She asked Jessica to do divination for her, and then asked her what tools she needed. She was so excited that she immediately forgot the previous unhappiness.
	In fact, it was a simple way for Jessica to do the divination. The most primitive way was using the poker card. When Melinda asked Gavin to find poker card for her, he wanted to say something but stopped on a second thought. Although Gavin was old, he believed in science most and wanted her not to believe these things.
	But the excitement on Melinda's face made him could not say it.
	"In fact, it's for fun most of the time. Relax." Seeing that Melinda acted like that her fate was on the cards, Jessica said helplessly.
	Melinda smiled sheepishly and asked all the servants to leave. There were only her and Jessica left in the living room.
	Jessica's straightforward words made people feel comfortable. She was gentle and considerate when she was divining for Melinda, which made her feel at ease.
	In fact, the whole process was very fast, but Melinda felt it was a long time. When she was waiting for the result, she looked at Jessica nervously.
	The smile at the corners of Jessica's mouth eased her tension. In Melinda's expectant eyes, she said, "You will give birth to a daughter and a son for Jonas in the future."
	Hearing this, Melinda widened her eyes in shock. She didn't mention the baby at all just now, but Jessica seemed to know what was on her mind. The first sentence made her feel at ease.
	Jessica comforted Melinda that everything would go well, and she didn't want to be too pessimistic. She had accompanied Melinda in the Gu's mansion for a long time until she completely calmed down. Then seeing that Melinda was bored, she planned to take her to her studio to play.
	Melinda was overjoyed, but the unreal feeling enveloped her again. She couldn't believe it, but Jessica's eyes were full of firmness.
	Melinda's mood was like riding a roller coaster, but she tried to digest it by herself. In the evening, when Jonas returned home from the company, Queena told him the first thing that Stacy came to make trouble at home.
	"I was so angry that I didn't know what to do. Will I offend David?" After thinking about it, Queena was still a little worried, but if such a thing happened again, she would still do it.
	Jonas only thought that his mother had done a good job, and that Melinda deserved to be protected like this.
	"It doesn't matter. Mr. Wang is not a man who doesn't know right from wrong. On the contrary, he will hate Jerry more because of this." Jonas had a clear understanding of the situation. As far as Jonas knew, David knew right from wrong. He might even think that it was because of Jerry that his daughter became like this.
	"Where is Linda?"
	Seeing that Melinda hadn't shown up for such a long time, Jonas felt strange and asked Queena. It was not until then that Queena remembered that she hadn't seen Melinda since Stacy left.
	"I don't know. Maybe she is sleeping in the bedroom," said Queena. When Jonas went upstairs in a hurry, he saw no one in the bedroom. At this time, everyone began to be nervous.
	Gavin's last memory was that Melinda and Jessica were talking in the living room.
	Thinking of Stacy's scheming, Jonas immediately worried and called Melinda. The sound was like a stone patting his heart.
	After a while, the phone was picked up. The voice on the other side of the phone was a little messy, and it was not until quite a while later that it calmed down.
	"What's wrong, Jon?" Just now, Melinda was watching Jessica practicing singing. To be honest, looking at her confident appearance, Melinda admired her very much, but she thought what Jessica said was right. Everyone had their own wonderful things, so she didn't need to admire too much.
	"Where are you?" asked Jonas with a frown. He was still restless. He thought only when he saw Melinda could his restless heart be peaceful.
	"I'm in Jessica's recording studio," Melinda said honestly. She knew a lot of things that she only saw on TV guided by Jessica.
	Like a child, Melinda looked at these greedily and knew them.
	"Is there a coffee shop nearby?" asked Jonas with a frown. When Melinda remembered there was a coffee shop on the street corner, she told it to him.
	"Go there and wait for me. Don't run around, okay?" said Jonas, worried.
Chapter 351 Persuading To Break Up
	He had planned to ask Melinda to wait for him in the same place, but he thought it would be better to avoid arousing suspicion when he thought that the address was the studio of Jessica.
	After saying yes, Melinda went back to the recording studio and told Jessica about that Jonas was going to pick her up.
	"I'm familiar with that coffee shop, and I don't have anything else to do now. Let me go to accompany you." Upon hearing this, Jessica immediately stopped her work. Feeling a little embarrassed, Melinda thought she could do it alone.
	"It's okay." Jessica insisted on accompanying her. Melinda had no choice but to let her go to the coffee shop with her. Jessica was really familiar with this place. Most people would be excited to see stars.
	But when they saw Jessica, they greeted her as if they were friends.
	"You'd better not drink milk since you're pregnant. Try fruit milk. It tastes good," Jessica said to Melinda. She could feel her care from the details again.
	When Melinda was with her, she had a strange sense of security. Without any other opinions, she asked Jessica to order it.
	There were not many people in the coffee shop at this time. The two of them chose a relatively remote corner to sit down. Probably because of Stacy, the topic between the two of them was always carefully avoided these sensitive people.
	Most of the time, Jessica would tell Melinda some interesting stories in the entertainment circle or ask Melinda about her knowledge in literature. When Jonas came over, he saw the two people talking and laughing happily.
	"Let's go home." Holding Melinda's hand, Jonas was about to leave. It was totally different from what he had been doing all the time, which made Melinda feel strange. But when she saw the bad look on Jonas's face, she didn't dare to say anything more. She made a gesture to Jessica and left.
	"Didn't I tell you to stay away from her?" When the two got in the car, Jonas couldn't help saying that. Obviously, he was a little angry, but he carefully fastened the seat belt for Melinda.
	"I know what you are worried about. I know that Jessica and Stacy are good friends, but they are different."
	Melinda was dissatisfied that Jonas was prejudiced against Jessica. Having spent so much time with Jessica, she felt that she was a worthy friend.
	She couldn't lose such a friend because of Stacy.
	Hearing this, Jonas looked at Melinda helplessly and said nothing more. But he sighed in his heart, 'If I work harder, I can better protect her.'
	Because of this, the two of them went back home without saying a word all the way. Queena was also frightened by Melinda's missing. Seeing that she came back safely, she couldn't help but nag.
	"You are such a naughty kid. You didn't even tell me when you went out. Mommy was almost scared to death by you," Queena said, covering her chest. She was frightened when she saw the pale face of Jonas at that time.
	Fortunately, Melinda was fine, or she really didn't know how to face her son.
	"Mommy, I'm sorry," Melinda said. At that time, she was curious and wanted to go out for a walk, but she forgot to tell her family.
	"It's fine since you come back safely. You should know that you are pregnant now. You can't be so willful in the future,"
	Queena warned. Melinda knew it was her fault today, so she answered obediently. On the contrary, Jonas stood there with a long face, which was very frightening.
	It was difficult for Queena not to notice where such a powerful person stood. She looked at Melinda in confusion and saw a bitter smile on her face.
	Although she was confused, she also felt that it was their own business and she would not interfere.
	Being intimidated by Jonas's behavior, Melinda became a coward and kept holding his hand, trying to please him.
	"Jon, are you angry?"
	Although Melinda didn't think she was wrong, she was deeply aware that she had to put on a posture of apologizing.
	"You'd better keep away from Jessica," said Jonas coldly, and returned to silence.
	"That's because you don't know her well. She is a good girl, really," Melinda said as she looked at Jonas. She had always felt that she didn't have many friends.
	It was rare for her to have the intention to make friends with someone. But she really wanted to make friends with Jessica. And she was also sad that Jessica was Stacy's best friend. Although Stacy and she were not in a seriously bad relationship, it was still an extravagant hope for the two of them to get along well with each other.
	"Do you want me to know other women?" Hearing that, Jonas frowned more tightly. Even though Melinda almost shed tears when Jonas got the wrong point, she still shook her head.
	Although she believed in Jonas's love to her, she always lacked confidence in this love.
	"Don't walk around for the next few days. This is the punishment for your running around today," Jonas said to Melinda. Everyone present heard what he said.
	Melinda's eyes widened in shock. Was she going to be grounded just because she went out with Jessica today?
	Before she could react, Jonas said to the servant who had been taking care of Melinda, "Keep an eye on Young Mistress these days and try not to let her go out. If she has to go out, you must follow her all the time."
	"Don't worry, Young Master," the servant agreed. In this way, Melinda felt that she had no personal freedom.
	"I don't agree."
	Melinda shook off Jonas's arm and said in an unconvinced tone. Jonas looked at Melinda coldly without saying anything, which made her feel guilty for no reason.
	"Jon, I won't run around. Besides, it's easy for me to think too much if I stay at home all day long." Melinda softened her tone, hoping that Jonas could take back his order.
	However, Jonas just wearing a cold face and showed his attitude.
	"I'll tell you where I'm going all the time. Don't let Auntie follow me all day long," Melinda said again, but received a cold glance from Jonas.
	"That's it," said Jonas. At once, Melinda was like a deflated ball.
	The result was that Melinda couldn't defeat or dissuade Jonas, so she had to agree to this request.
	After staying in the studio for a long time, Jessica still felt a little uncomfortable when she thought of what Stacy had done. When she thought of her best friend's former appearance, she felt like she had changed into another person.
	Previously, she had only heard from Stacy about the matter of Jerry, and felt that he was quite miserable. But recently, she had been involved, and thought that it was Jerry who had caused himself to act like this.
	If he was willing to have a good foothold in the Gu family, instead of doing these crazy things, the Gu family would naturally gave a part of the power to him.
	But all this had been swallowed up by his ambition, and her best friend had been used all the time.
	Jessica made up her mind to ask Stacy to break up with Jerry. She couldn't watch her friend being used by a vicious man like Jerry.
	Because of what happened last time, Stacy was still angry with Jessica, so she didn't want to meet her when Jessica asked her out.
	"We have been good friends for so many years. Are our friendship eating by the dog?" Jessica was always gentle. She was really angry that she would say something like that.
	Hearing this, Stacy didn't say anything more. Instead, she told her the address. Jessica instantly understood that Stacy agreed to meet her.
	In fact, she was really busy these days. She had postponed a lot of activities to deal with these private affairs. When she was going to meet Stacy again today, her mood was very complicated.
	Stacy had been trapped at home for the past two days and she couldn't go out, so the place they met was in the Wang family's house. The Wang family members were all familiar with Jessica.
	"Are you so indifferent to me now? Because of a man you treated me like this?" Seeing that Stacy still didn't want to talk to her and even put on a long face, Jessica felt uncomfortable.
	"Stacy Wang, I didn't get angry when you set me up with him last time. Don't you feel guilty to treat me like this?"
	Jessica said again. Hearing this, Stacy's expression softened a little. Finally, she said stubbornly, "Isn't he your type?"
	"Do you think I will destroy other people's relationship? Besides, I just like this type, not this person. Do you want me to be a married man's mistress for the sake of Jerry?"
	The more Jessica said, the angrier she became. Stacy felt even much guiltier, but she still said that she didn't think so.
	"Stacy, wake up. That man is just using you from beginning to end. Break up with him. You deserve a better man. Look at what kind of a person you make yourself into for him."
	Jessica felt that Stacy was a total stranger to her now, as if she had changed into another person. Or perhaps she had been brainwashed by Jerry, so she had become like this.
	"I won't break up with Jerry." As soon as Stacy heard this, she became more and more agitated, and her eyes looking at Jessica became vigilant.
	"Jessica, you are the one who has changed. How could you defend Melinda and Jonas?" Stacy shouted and went back to her bedroom excitedly, unwilling to talk to Jessica.
	Jessica sat on the sofa angrily. At last, David showed up. David was an elder whom Jessica had always respected. She tried her best to put on a good-looking face and greeted him, "Hello, Uncle Wang."
	"Jessica, you haven't been here for a long time," David sighed with emotion. Since Stacy knew Jerry, her life had been basically revolved around Jerry, and the people around her like Jessica had long been forgotten by her.
	"Right," Jessica said with a forced smile. She knew that something had changed.
Chapter 352 A Jerk
	David had just heard the conversation between the two people, so he knew that Jessica didn't like Jerry. After a greeting, he came straight to the point and said, "do you also think Jerry is unreliable?"
	"I think he has been taking advantage of your daughter." That was how she was like. If she had something to say, she would speak it out. Now that David had asked, she would naturally speak out her thoughts.
	This time, Jerry really made her feel uncomfortable. Such a calculating and bottomless person was definitely not a good person.
	"Although I haven't seen him before, I can be told from some things what kind of person he is." David felt depressed at the thought of Jerry.
	Although Jerry always looked like a promising young man in front of him, the information he had investigated and the information he had learned from Jonas were almost the same as that of Jessica.
	"It's a pity that my silly daughter trusts him." David said with a sigh, as if he was older and older. Because of Stacy, David had aged a lot these days.
	"Uncle, she will know who is good to her one day." At this moment, she felt that she was too stupid to say anything to comfort him.
	"I know, I just worry that she will suffer losses in this period of time."
	David said. After thinking for a while, Jessica fell silent. But then David expressed his hope again. He hoped that Jessica could help him persuade his daughter, or perhaps let her see the true face of Jerry as soon as possible.
	The two of them had been stopped many times, but David's attitude had not been changed, which made Jerry more and more uneasy.
	However, he had done several schemes against Jonas, which made Jerry more worried about everything. He thought that he had to marry Stacy to make everything an established fact.
	By that time, David would not stop himself anymore.
	"How about you steal your household register and we get married directly? Dear, I really don't want to wait any longer. I want to marry you immediately and let you be my most beautiful bride."
	Jerry said emotionally. Hearing this, Stacy felt a little sad but moved. It was undoubtedly a very sad thing that love was not recognized by her father and friends, and her love was also questioned again and again.
	It was their plan to get married, but it had been delayed for so long. Stacy only thought for a while and agreed to that.
	"Okay, Jerry, wait for me. I will work hard for our future." Stacy had made up her mind.
	Jerry was satisfied with Stacy's answer, but he pretended to be very distressed. "Don't worry. I will try my best to make your father accept me."
	"Okay." Stacy nodded. She felt very happy at this time. Even if they were not blessed by anyone, as long as the two were together, everything would be fine. Moreover, they had a child now.
	Her father just couldn't accept the fact that she was going to get married for a while, so he did this to her.
	With the protection of David over the years, Stacy lived a happy life. And she was innocent. Almost before she took action, David saw through her thoughts.
	David was furious. He didn't believe that she would think of this. She probably didn't even know that he needed the household register to get married, and all this was done by Jerry.
	"I really regret protecting you all these years." Looking at Stacy, David said sadly. He really regretted that he had protected her too well these years, making her unable to be told the good from bad.
	She was fooled by Jerry.
	"Don't go out these days." David didn't even want to take a look at Stacy. He didn't know how to discipline his daughter anymore.
	Stacy was locked at home again, and she began to panic. The look in her father's eyes made her feel as if she had done something wrong.
	But soon, she felt that she didn't do anything wrong. She just tried to pursue her own happiness, why did her father stop her.
	David asked the butler to keep an eye on Stacy twenty-four hours a day. He didn't want to listen to her nonsense at home and go to the company. He thought it was not a good idea to keep Stacy at home.
	"You go to help Miss go abroad." After thinking for a while, David came up with only one way to make Stacy go abroad and cut off the connection between the two.
	The assistant naturally followed his orders. At the same time, Jerry learned that Stacy failed and she was once again under house arrest.
	He really didn't understand why David stopped the two of them like this. Generally speaking, he would agree to whatever she wanted like David spoiled her. Why was he unwilling to give in on this matter.
	He thought he had behaved well in front of David, but everything was still not as good as he thought.
	Jerry racked his brains at home and couldn't figure out what was going on. Finally, he decided to ask David about the situation.
	No matter what, it was too cruel to directly sentence him to 'death'.
	After cleaning himself up, Jerry went to David's company. When he was stopped by the receptionist, he directly said that he was looking for David.
	"I'm sorry, Sir. You don't have an appointment." The receptionist smiled professionally, but she felt that the man in front of her was a little familiar, but she couldn't tell where she had met him.
	"You just need to say that I'm Jerry Xi. He'll see me." The receptionist suddenly realized that he was the half-brother of the CEO of Soaring Group, and he seemed to be Miss Wang's boyfriend.
	Thinking of this, she didn't dare to neglect it. She quickly contacted the CEO office and after getting a certain answer, she pointed the way to Jerry. "Mr. Xi, please take the special elevator upstairs directly."
	David didn't expect that Jerry would have the courage to come to him. After Jerry arrived at the CEO Office, he left him alone for more than half an hour before he went to see him.
	Jerry looked a little haggard with sunken eyes, as if he hadn't had a good sleep for a long time.
	"Uncle." Jerry stepped forward and called David politely, but the assistant stopped Jerry. The Office suddenly became silent.
	The smile on Jerry's face was a little stiff. He looked at David who said nothing.
	"How dare you come to me?" Looking at Jerry, David was furious. The man in front of him had deceived his daughter with such a hypocritical face.
	"Uncle, I come to you today to ask you some questions. I don't know what's wrong with me and why you don't allow me to be with Stacy."
	Upon hearing this, David widened his eyes in shock. He didn't expect that Jerry would have the nerve to ask such a question.
	"You don't match my daughter at all." David said in disgust, as if Jerry was the rubbish on the street. Or in his heart, Jerry was even worse than rubbish.
	"How dare you dream of being with my daughter as a jerk? I tell you, it's impossible for you to be with my daughter all your life."
	David shouted angrily, and the more he said, the more unpleasant it became. On the other hand, when Jerry heard this, his expression was changed, but he did not dare to say anything to refute.
	"Uncle, I admit that I'm not be successful enough now, but I will try my best to make Stacy happy. I promise you." Jerry said, ignoring the curses.
	However, a wave of anger rose in his heart.
	"Work hard? Can you success with your dirty tricks? Can you achieve something like this in your life? How do you have the nerve to say that you will give my daughter the best life? It's the best for her that you leave her. "
	David said sarcastically. In his eyes, Jerry was a loser who had nothing. And Jerry didn't get any useful answer from David today. Instead, Jerry was mocked thoroughly.
	When he left, his face was gloomy. He wanted revenge. He would give back all the humiliation he had suffered today in the future.
	At this time, it was not for Stacy, but for his dignity as a man.
	Instead of going back to the small villa arranged for him by his father, Jerry went straight to the Gu's mansion to look for Alston. Because of the incident last time, he had tried not to go back to the Gu's mansion during this period of time.
	Looking at Jerry's pale face, Alston wondered if he had been frustrated outside.
	"Dad, I want a position." Jerry came straight to the point. He had been back to the Gu clan for a period of time, but there was no position for him. In the eyes of outsiders, he was just a bastard.
	Therefore, Jerry decided to do something to change the situation. The best way was to let him have a foothold in Soaring Group.
	He needed a position.
	"I'll think about it." Alston didn't expect that Jerry would say such a thing when he came back home, so he hesitated and gave such a conservative answer.
	"Father, I just don't want to be idle all day long. I want to have my own vision, even from the bottom of the staff, I don't need a high position." Said Jerry, clenching his fists. He could take a step back now.
	One day, he would climb up step by step. In Alston's heart, he had been worried that there would be no suitable position for Jerry and that it would be difficult to arrange it. Now hearing his humble words, he appreciated him very much.
	No matter who he was, he started from the grassroots level, and it was not easy to arrange him like this. His working attitude made him feel very happy. After all, he was just a sensitive and sensible child.
	Although Alston thought so, he still told Jerry that he needed time to think about it. Soaring Group was a company that had taken shape for a long time. Even if any employee joined, he needed time to think about it. 
Chapter 353 New Brooms Sweep Cleaner
	Jerry knew that Alston was wasting time. He still had some misgivings in his heart, but he did not show the slightest bit of dissatisfaction. He was even happy that Alston had seriously considered this matter.
	"Thank you, Dad. As long as I have a job, I can do anything, even the security guards." Jerry said modestly, but his eyes were filled with ambition that was completely inconsistent with his modesty.
	"You are my son. How could I arrange you to be a security guard? Don't think too much. Go back and wait for my news." Alston said. Although Jerry didn't mind his work at the grassroots level, as his father, he had to think carefully about his position.
	"Okay." Jerry said. As long as Alston seriously thought about this matter, he would have a chance to enter Soaring Group. At that time, he must do something well.
	To let everyone know that Soaring Group didn't only have Jonas.
	Jerry returned to his small villa with ambition. Queena also knew that Jerry went home to look for a job and immediately found Alston.
	"What position do you arrange for Jerry to work in the company? Management? Did he have the ability to do that? Or just an employee, will you arrange it? The best way is not to arrange him to work in the company. "
	Queena knew Alston best. If Jerry joined the company, he would definitely give him a management position, so he had to think about it.
	He didn't think about preventing Jerry from entering, but what position should he give Jerry.
	Queena was even angrier when she thought of the fact that it was not easy for Jonas to get the current position and that Jerry had become a manager so easily.
	"Don't mention it. I'll think it over." Alston said. Obviously, he didn't want to talk about this topic.
	But this thought lasted for two days.
	Two days later, Alston told everyone that Jerry was going to work in the company and his position had been arranged.
	"Our family insists on starting from the grassroots level. I think it's a good choice for us to be security guards." Queena said sarcastically, but she also cared about what position he had arranged for Jerry.
	Queena's words made Jerry's face darken. Obviously, she looked down upon him.
	"He is not very familiar with management. Let's start from the personnel department." Alston said, and Queena stood up from her seat.
	If management was a good position, then the human resources department would be a popular one. Unexpectedly, Jerry had directly entered the company's human resources department.
	But that was not the only thing Alston wanted to say. The following news made Queena furious.
	"The director of the human resources department happened to resign and back to his hometown. Let Jerry take over the position." Alston said casually, which was shocking.
	The position of the director of human resources could be said to be the position that the company's people scrambled to curry favor with. Hearing this, Jerry was also very shocked. He had never thought that he would be given such a good position.
	Although he looked terrified, he began to feel proud in his heart.
	"You are so stupid, Alston. I'd like to see what he can do." Queena was so angry that her fingers were trembling. Melinda looked at her worriedly, and then held her hand to comfort her.
	With an expressionless face, he just told Melinda and Queena that he was going to the company.
	No matter how his family reacted, it was Gu Yuanguo who had made the decision.
	Jerry was going to the company with Alston, and Alston personally leading the process of entry. Everyone in the company was curious about who was becoming the director of human resource.
	However, no one had expected that there would be an unexpected soldier in the end, and the identity of this soldier was a little special. Generally speaking, the unexpected soldier had strength or background, and many people guessed which kind of person Jerry was.
	It was also because of this that Jerry took office. There were many people pleasing him, and the personnel department immediately became lively.
	Everyone in the company wanted to get a promotion and pay rise, so they had to curry favor with the personnel department.
	Although no one knew his true identity, he enjoyed the feeling of being respected.
	In other words, he felt that she was pleased.
	Jerry seemed that he was getting more and more successful in the company, but during this period of time, Jonas often saw Jerry in the company and felt very annoyed.
	Or maybe he was not used to it, the most discussed person in the company recently was the newly appointed director of the human resources department.
	In private, many people guessed whether Jerry was a relative of the Jonas or not, but no matter what they guessed, no one dared to find the answer.
	William and Ted knew about this and felt headache at once. In addition, Jerry was really brave. The new brooms sweep clean three times, and the next second, the fire directly burned on Ted.
	As soon as Jerry came, he went against the cold faced CEO. Everyone was watching the show, but Jonas did nothing. Ted silently accepted the news that his salary was reduced.
	"He was really showing off. His face is so disgusting." Although Ted didn't want to say something in front of Jonas, he talked happily with William in private.
	Ted followed Jonas, just because he admired Jonas. Ted didn't care about the money, and Jonas had never treated him badly.
	"Just ignore him in the future. He won't make any big trouble." William said. This matter of Ted was just because Jerry mentioned that Ted often skipped work.
	During this time, Ted was to do some special things for Jonas, while Jerry thought he was a dog around Jonas, so he directly took action and indirectly provoked him.
	"It's really easy to find my mistake." The corners of Ted's mouth twitched. Hearing this, William stopped talking.
	"By the way, why didn't he prove you?" Ted put his hand on William's shoulder and said. William immediately broke into a cold sweat. He always felt that Ted had other things to say.
	Then he shouted in his heart, 'Damn it! ' Ted doubted that he became Jerry's people.
	"I work for Mr. Nelson. And Jerry is not that stupid." William said. Thinking of this, he thought that Jerry had done a good preparation before join in the company.
	Kevin thought for a while and believed that it was reasonable. Then he made the final conclusion. "I'm the man of the CEO. If he have any complaints, just come at me. I'm not a coward."
	"Idiot."
	Seeing that, William had only one comment left. Then he quickly turned around to do his own thing.
	In the past two days, Jonas always had a variety of ways to show his existence around Jonas When he returned home, he could still hear Alston mention the things that Jerry had adapted to in the company these two days.
	"Jerry has to go to work these days. It's a little lonely to have dinner alone in the villa every day. Let's have dinner in here from now on." Alston said, and the expression on Melinda's face changed first.
	She wasn't the kind of person who liked to argue with others, but she thought that Jerry was just like a thorn in her heart, and she wanted to get rid of him.
	How could she tolerate him to show his existence in front of her all the time.
	"Dad, you agreed to let him move out!" This was the first time that she had shown her dissatisfaction, which made him embarrassed.
	Seeing this, Nelson said, "He is a man. Can't he take good care of himself outside? If he don't have the ability, what can he do in the company? "
	As soon as these words came out of his mouth, Alston suddenly became speechless. On the other hand, Jerry looked at Melinda angrily, his eyes as poisonous as needles.
	After the family dinner, Jerry left. As for no one in home was unwilling to be his partner, which made him very embarrassed.
	When Melinda and Jonas returned home, the two of their faces didn't look good, especially Jonas, and Melinda didn't see any smile on his face for the past two days.
	"Don't be in a bad mood." She held his arm and leaned against him, seeking warmth from him.
	Smelling the familiar fragrance from her, he felt a little calm.
	"It's annoying to see Jerry everywhere these two days." He really wanted to tear up that man, but the reality forced them to coexist in this awkward way.
	"If you ignore him, it will be better. Jon, the more you care about someone, the more you will pay attention to him. But when you don't care, everything will be fine." Said Melinda. She worried about him when she thought of the fact that he was so busy every day and even had to pay so much attention to dealing with Jerry.
	"How can I ignore him?" Jonas said with a doting smile on his face. How could he protect her if he was not on guard against Jerry
	"It's okay. He doesn't dare to do anything now." She seldom went out now, and he didn't dare to do something bad to her in the Gu's mansion.
	She knew that she was the weakness for Jonas, so she tried to make herself stronger, and that was why she said those words openly at the table.
	"It's okay. You have to trust your me." Jonas rubbed her head with affection.
	When Jerry entered the company, he was not only worried about Jonas, but also Queena and Alston. In the past two days, Queena had been at odds with Alston just because of Jerry.
	"It's just a few words. How many times have I said that? I have my own thoughts." Alston said in a somewhat impatient tone.
	He felt his head was buzzing and uncomfortable.
	"Tell me, what's your purpose to arrange for Jerry? Why did you give him this positions?"
	Said Queena. As soon as Jerry took office, he was in such a position with real power, and he was also against Jonas
Chapter 354 Quarrel
	"I just want to win over Jerry and David's family. You should know how powerful the Wang family is in A City,"
	Alston said. His eyes were full of ambition. As an entrepreneur, what he wanted to see most was the expansion of his company's territory.
	And the Wang family was his goal.
	"Take advantage of Jerry? David doesn't accept him at all," Queena said angrily. She remembered that Jonas had told him that David didn't want Stacy to be with Jerry.
	"That was before,"
	Alston said firmly. Both of them were ambitious people. He naturally knew what David was thinking. How could he let his daughter be with such a person when Jerry had nothing?
	But now, Jerry had a position in the Soaring Group, and he had real power. As long as he worked hard, he could achieve higher achievements.
	As a businessman and a master of the stock market in A City, David was good at analyzing the value of a person.
	"If you really want to make friends with the Wang family, you can just be friends with David, right?" Queena really didn't understand what was going on.
	Hearing this, Alston was a little impatient, and then said directly, "I told you that you didn't understand and you still wanted to ask. Anyway, you just need to know that what I did was reasonable.
	All I do now is for the Gu family and the Soaring Group," Alston said righteously, but in Queena's eyes, he was so disappointing.
	"That's all you'll ever say," said Queena. She also felt tired after such a quarrel, so she ignored Alston and went back to her bedroom.
	The two of them didn't look like a couple at all. Even if they were in the same house, they didn't live in one bedroom. In the living room, there was only a somewhat desolate figure of Alston.
	He knew that many people in his family didn't agree with him, but when he thought of the benefits he could bring, he felt that it was worth it.
	The Wang family was also very lively these days. Stacy kept making trouble every day, especially when she knew that David was going to send her abroad. She even began to say that she will commit suicide.
	No matter how cruel David was, he couldn't help but soften his heart. But his daughter forced him by dying for another man, which inevitably made him feel a little sad.
	"Sir, it may not be safe for Miss Wang to go abroad in this way." Seeing what Stacy had done recently, the assistant couldn't help reminding David.
	They could at least keep an eye on her at home. If she went abroad, there would be a lot of things that were difficult to stop.
	The biggest insecurity was not that Stacy would be bullied, but that she would hurt herself to express her determination.
	"I know, but I have no choice." David was also very distressed. He knew that Stacy and Jerry had no good future, so how could he agree?
	Hearing this, the assistant frowned and said hesitantly, "In fact, there is another way."
	As soon as the assistant said that, David looked at him and seemed to be saying in silence that if there was any way, just say it out.
	"I heard that Jerry entered the Soaring Group recently,"
	the assistant said. It was also because Jerry had been very flamboyant recently that people from different companies knew that the Soaring Group had a new director of the human resources department.
	"He entered the Soaring Group?" David said in surprise. He knew Jerry's identity, but he didn't have any position for such a long time, so he thought Jerry was an incompetent person.
	That's why he said so many sarcastic words. But now the wind was blowing, and it seemed to be a little different.
	"Yes, he even became the director of the human resources department. That's a good position," the assistant said. The two words "good position" meant a lot. After all, the human resources department of a company was basically the boss's own people, or it was easy to arrange people from other families.
	In this way, the company would not belong to the boss's own family.
	However, it was an evident that Jerry was highly valued since he just entered the company and got this position. Moreover, the assistant thought it was not enough, so he continued, "I heard that when Jonas entered the company, he started from the grassroots level."
	"If so, he is not a complete loser." Hearing this, David thought of something and his eyes changed.
	If Stacy really had to marry Jerry, and Jerry had a place in the Soaring Group, then everything would be negotiable.
	"You can contact with Jerry in the name of young miss and ask him to come here," David said after thinking for a while. This was the best way he could think of. At the same time, he began to have a plan in his mind.
	If everything went well, that would be great. He didn't expect that the little soldier he had abandoned before had turned into an elephant.
	The assistant was a sensible person. He contacted Jerry and told him that Stacy had been making trouble all the time, hoping that he could comfort her. Jerry naturally wouldn't let go of such an opportunity.
	In fact, everyone knew the real meaning behind it, but he just pretended to know nothing and cared about Stacy all the time.
	David's heart was slightly shaken by his attitude.
	When Jerry saw Stacy, he found that she was indeed much more haggard and depressed, but when she saw him, there was a flash of light in her eyes.
	It was also the first time that Jerry had felt guilty, but he had repeatedly warned himself that he was a person who wanted to do a great career. Women were either stepping stones or stumbling blocks.
	And Stacy could only be his stepping stone.
	After meeting Stacy, David was waiting for Jerry in the living room. At this time, he was no longer a father, but a businessman.
	"I heard that you have become the director of the human resources department recently." David came straight to the point. Jerry mocked him in his heart, but he still looked indifferent.
	"I said I would try my best to give Stacy the best life," said Jerry affectionately. Seeing his expression, David was somewhat satisfied. He did not miss the ambition in Jerry's eyes.
	A young man should be ambitious, otherwise how could he be hard-working?
	"Are you ambitious? Are you willing to be in this position now? I said that if you want to marry my daughter, at least you should have to be as successful as I am now," David said with ambition in his eyes.
	Over the years, many companies in A City had been checks and balances. It was time to change.
	"I will give the best to Stacy. My father's property will be mine in the future, and all mine will be all Stacy's," said Jerry, his eyes full of affection, but in his heart, he mocked David.
	They were both ambitious men, so he could naturally guess what David was thinking, but he just said it in accordance with his thought.
	Thinking of David's disdain for him before, Jerry felt the importance of power again.
	In their eyes, power was more important than love.
	A person with such an idea was the most suitable one to be an ambitious person.
	The meaning of Jerry's words was very thought-provoking. All of them were Stacy's, or the Wang family's. David had played these word games with many people over the years.
	So at this time, in order not to fall into a trap, he asked directly, "Do you mean that you will give all these to the Wang family in the future?"
	"Yes, all my father's property will be mine, and I will give it to the Wang family unconditionally, as long as you give me a chance to be with Stacy,"
	Jerry said affectionately, as if nothing was more important than Stacy in the world. Seeing this, David immediately felt Jerry was a good chess piece.
	Perhaps he could use Jerry to swallow the Soaring Group, a fat meat, under the command of Wang Group.
	"Okay, as long as you have the courage, I'm willing to give you a chance," David finally agreed, and Stacy, who heard the words behind the door, ran out excitedly.
	"Dad, did you agree to my marriage with Jerry?" Stacy still couldn't believe it. It was like a dream.
	Two days ago, she was cut off from contact with Jerry and was going to be sent abroad. She committed suicide, but now her father had agreed to the marriage between the two.
	"Yes, as long as he is willing to work hard, what can I stop him?" said David. He looked like a kind father, which disgusted Jerry. It turned out that all the feelings in the world were so insignificant.
	"Thank you, Dad." Stacy hugged David and said with gratitude. Then she threw herself into Jerry's arms, tears streaming down from the corner of her eyes. She said in a trembling voice, "Jerry, I feel so happy."
	"Don't worry. I will work hard for us." Jerry hugged Stacy and said. There seemed to be no discord between the three of them in an instant. They talked about the marriage of the two happily.
	David agreed to the marriage between the two, and the happiest one was Alston. This was that he had been hoping for, and he also wanted to cooperate with David. At that time, as long as he made good use of Jerry, the Soaring Group's territory would definitely be expanded.
	Stacy was the only daughter of the Wang family, and all these would belong to the Gu family in the end.
	David had arranged someone to take charge of the wedding of Jerry and Stacy. The two of them decided the wedding day on that day.
	Alston was invited to attend the wedding of the two as Jerry's father. David's staff in A City could perceive from the situation on the wedding day.
	On the good day of Jerry, Melinda, Jonas and Queena were a little restless at home.
	In particular, the quarrel between Queena and Alston had reached a peak, like two enemies. They would quarrel every time they met. 
Chapter 355 Wedding
	"You attend the wedding of an illegitimate child. Aren't you afraid of being laughed at? The Gu family can't afford to lose this face." Queena wished she could point at Alston's nose and curse him. It could be said that Alston was the only person who could make Queena lose all her elegance.
	"Don't call him illegitimate child all day long. It will be a joke if others hear it. As the Mistress of the Gu family, show some proper manners."
	Hearing this, Alston's face darkened. Queena's words not only mocked Jerry, but also him.
	He felt that his dignity as a man was provoked by Queena.
	The Gu family was used to hearing the quarrel between the two people.
	In order to attend Jerry's wedding, Alston wore a black handmade suit and a striped tie. Although it was simple, it was enough to show his value in the wedding.
	Even though he was in his middle age, he was full of charm after dressing up. It could be seen that when he was young, he was also a handsome young man who attracted many young girls, and the appearance of Jonas and Jerry was more inherited from him.
	"Manner? What is manner? Gentle and decent? Do you want me to encourage my man to have another illegitimate child to harm my child and grandson?" Queena was so angry that her chest was heaving violently. Thinking of what Jerry had done, she was even angrier.
	In fact, she didn't care about herself, but she didn't want her child to be wronged.
	"Jonas, do you also blame your father?" Looking at the family quarreling about these things every day, Melinda felt very uncomfortable. She wanted to dissuade them, but she did not know what to do.
	At this time, Melinda always felt like an outsider and had no right to say anything.
	"What?" Perplexed, Jonas looked at Melinda in confusion. He didn't know why she suddenly asked about it, but he didn't say anything.
	In fact, only those who were in it could understand the feeling.
	Jonas didn't know what he felt, but he just watched coldly.
	"Jon, in fact, you can try to think about it from your father's point of view. Or, the existence of Jerry is already a fact. There is no need for us to investigate who made the mistake again."
	Melinda hoped that Jonas could be broad-minded and not get to the bottom of it, which would only make him feel heavier.
	He might as well try to see things through. Jonas knew what Melinda meant. He looked up and saw that his father had a lot of grey hair on his head. He felt sad.
	In fact, his father was old. He just wanted to do something for the Soaring Group in this way. Even if this method was not accepted by many people, it was undeniable that he did bring a lot of benefits.
	The Soaring Group's stock market rose sharply today, and many partners who had been negotiating for a long time would actively seek cooperation at this time.
	This was the benefit of the marriage with the Wang family. Moreover, this might only be the beginning, and there might be countless benefits in the future.
	"I know there is a reason for him to recognize Jerry, but mother is not feeling well." With a sigh, Jonas said helplessly. At the same time, Melinda stood beside him, quietly accompanying him.
	She seemed to tell him that no matter what, the two of them would be fine.
	"Let's persuade Mommy later," said Melinda. The situation had turned out to be like this. Since they couldn't stop it, they could only persuade Queena to be more open-minded.
	Taking a look at the clock on the wall, Alston thought it was about time. He didn't want to waste time arguing with Queena.
	As a king of stock, David was rich and powerful. Stacy's wedding was held in the biggest hotel in A City. The biggest banquet hall was booked directly. In case of any mistake in the wedding, the management of the hotel would be involved.
	It was very grand.
	Stacy was very happy today. She finally fulfilled her dream to marry Jerry. Even though Jessica didn't want her friend to be with Jerry, she attended the wedding as her bridesmaid.
	Stacy wore a white wedding dress. The princess's veil design was fantastic, with many diamond jewelry inlaid in it, glittering enough to make her the focus of the whole party.
	As the bridesmaid, Jessica wore a light pink evening dress showing her shoulder, which accentuated her enchanting figure. In order not to steal the bride's thunder, she wore light makeup, almost nude makeup.
	The accessories on her body were also small and simple.
	Stacy sat in her seat with a bright smile on her face. Seeing this, Jessica couldn't help but feel a little touched. Perhaps only she herself knew what the love was.
	Stacy might know that she had been used by Jerry, but she loved this man, so she was foolishly used. Maybe she didn't know everything, but it might be lucky that she didn't know the truth.
	"You must be happy." Looking at Stacy, Jessica sighed with emotion. Stacy was immersed in her happiness and didn't notice the complicated expression on her friend's face.
	"Jessica, wish me happiness. It's time for you to find a boyfriend. I'll throw the bouquet to you later and let you take over the happiness," Stacy said with a smile. She thought that the reason why Jessica was against her love with Jerry was that she had never been in love.
	Only those who had experienced love could understand the feeling.
	Upon hearing this, a helpless expression appeared on Jessica's face. 'I just wish my friend happiness. Why is she urging me to make a boyfriend?' she wondered.
	"I haven't met the right person yet," Jessica said. Even in the entertainment industry, she still maintained her original true personality, and she was unwilling to get a boyfriend randomly.
	She had to find someone she liked.
	In fact, Stacy had a lot of bridesmaids, but only Jessica could accompany her in the lounge. The others were in the lounge next door and stayed with the groomsmen.
	The banquet hall downstairs was very lively. As the father of the two protagonists, David and Alston were a strong alliance in the eyes of outsiders. Inevitably, people fawned on them, and there was an endless stream of people around them.
	"It's about time. I'll ask someone about the two children's preparation," David said to Alston as the host began to liven up the atmosphere on the stage.
	Alston nodded and continued to communicate with his friends in the business field. Although the Soaring Group was one of the leading enterprises in A City, it was the first time that Alston had a feeling that he was the overlord.
	David sent people to inquire about the situation on both sides, and Jerry was a little restless in the lounge. Although everything went well, he was worried that something unexpected would happen.
	Jerry had always been worried that there would be an accident at the wedding, especially when he was afraid that Jonas would destroy it.
	But everything went so smoothly until someone told him that it was time for him and Stacy to show up.
	As soon as the door of the banquet hall was opened, petal rain fell. Stacy was like a princess, holding David's hand and walking towards Jerry step by step.
	Wearing a white suit, Jerry looked like a prince charming in the fairy tales. The smile at the corners of his mouth was as warm as the first time she saw him.
	The host was still talking about how David spoiled his daughter, Stacy, and now he was going to give his beloved daughter to another man.
	He expressed a father's love for his daughter and the sadness of marrying his daughter incisively and vividly.
	It wasn't a long way to go, but in many people's eyes, it was a feeling of ancient marriage, a strong alliance. In the future, the Soaring Group and Wang Group couldn't be offended in A City.
	"I have handed over Stacy to you. Don't forget what you said." David put Stacy's hand in Jerry's and said to him.
	People who didn't understand might only think that it was a guarantee to protect Stacy, but only Jerry and David knew that he meant that Jerry would get all the property of Alston and give it to David.
	Alston had always thought that he would be the winner if they cooperated, but he didn't know that he was the one who was set up.
	Stacy held Jerry's hand and walked to the middle of the stage. At that moment, Jessica stood behind her silently, guarding her friend.
	The audience generously sent out their applause, and everything went as smoothly as it had been during the rehearsal. Under the host's host, Jessica took out the wedding rings of the two people, watching them exchange the rings, watching them kissing, and only a faint blessing remained in her heart.
	"Jessica, you must take the bouquet," Stacy said to her friend when she was about to throw the bouquet.
	But Jessica didn't try to get the bouquet. She just stood aside and watched them. Everyone was busy, but she felt a little sad.
	She didn't know why David changed his attitude so easily, but she felt as if she had seen through something. This society was always realistic, and the reality was cruel.
	Alston was very happy today. He finally fulfilled his goal after reuniting with Jerry. He inevitably drank too much at the banquet, and couldn't help smiling when he returned home.
	In the living room, Queena and Melinda were sitting on the sofa. Melinda were surprised to see such a smile on Alston's face. It could be said that she had never seen such a smile on his face.
	Smelling the alcohol on his body, Queena frowned, while Alston happily shared everything that happened at the wedding with her today.
	"You don't know, everyone thinks that this is a strong alliance, and our Soaring Group's territory will be bigger and bigger in the future. My wish is finally half completed,"
	Alston said. He wanted to tell her all the details of the wedding, but he just hoped that Queena could understand him. 
Chapter 356 Vern disappeared
	But no matter what he said, there was only indifference and even disgust on Queena's face.
	Melinda couldn't bear to see Alston keep talking alone, so she pretended to cater to him and said that it was indeed a good thing for Jerry to be with Stacy.
	But Melinda couldn't say anything else. In fact, she also knew that since Jerry had the help of the Wang family, it would be difficult for Jonas to take any action in the company.
	At this time, she was a little regretful that she couldn't help Jonas in the slightest. The only person who was willing to help her was Nelson, but in these matters, Nelson had shown no intention of interfering.
	The more Alston said, the more excited he became. Queena was getting more and more annoyed. She reached out her hand to hold Melinda, showing a disgusted expression to him, and then said directly to Melinda, "Let's go to the drawing room. These words are really disgusting."
	The smile on Alston's face froze for a moment, and Melinda was a little embarrassed. She said to Alston, "Dad, you must be tired after a whole day's social engagement. Go to bed early."
	When Melinda said this, Queena cast a glance at her. She immediately lowered her head and touched her nose. It was really hard to stay in the Gu family now.
	Alston leaned against the sofa dejectedly. He had thought that if he told Queena about this, she could understand his behavior. No matter what he did, he did it for the Gu family and for the Soaring Group.
	However, Queena didn't buy it at all.
	After arriving at the drawing room, seeing that Queena couldn't calm down to paint, Melinda decided to comfort her and tell her that Jonas was not afraid of these. She wanted her to be relieved and don't make herself sad.
	Although Queena knew everything, she just couldn't get over the barrier in her heart. At last, she asked Melinda to go back to rest, and she wanted to be alone.
	"Mommy, don't think too much." After hesitating for a while, Melinda decided to give Queena a private space to calm down.
	She had such an experience as Queena. Even if the person accompanying her said nothing and was quiet, the existence of this person was the biggest interruption.
	Although Melinda left, she still told the servant to keep an eye on the situation inside. When she returned to the bedroom, she thought of the bad things she had suffered these days and felt a headache.
	When Jonas returned home, he found that the house was not as lively as usual. As soon as he entered the living room, he saw his father leaning on the sofa.
	He looked a little painful. One of his hands was on the sofa, and the other was on his lower abdomen. His face was a little flushing.
	Jonas thought of that Alston attended the wedding of Jerry today. He must have drunk a lot. There should be someone taking care of him at home. His mother must be still angry.
	He put his briefcase aside, went to the guest room on the first floor and found a quilt to cover Alston. This might be the only tenderness he had for his father.
	Hearing the sound of the car coming back, Melinda wanted to go downstairs to greet Jonas, but she didn't expect to see this scene. Her heart was filled with several kinds of feelings.
	In fact, Jon cared about his father very much, but he was not good at expressing himself.
	With the quilt on his body, Alston moved a little uncomfortably and almost fell down from the sofa. Seeing this, Jonas frowned. Then he moved the tea table closer to the sofa and threw the pillow at the corner over there.
	Every move of his made Melinda realize his meticulousness and silent care to his father. She leaned against the corner and waited for Jonas to go upstairs.
	As if he thought that Alston wouldn't be hurt, Jonas turned around, picked up his briefcase and left, trying to pretend that he was just bored and did it casually.
	"You are back." When Melinda saw that Jonas went upstairs, she didn't hide. Instead, she gave him a big smile and reached out to take the thing in his hand.
	It was easy for Jonas to escape, and he held the hand of Melinda.
	The two returned to the bedroom. At the thought of the filial behavior of Jonas, Melinda couldn't help but think that she hadn't visited her father for a long time.
	"Jon, I want to go back to visit my father tomorrow. I haven't contacted him for a long time," Melinda said guiltily. Every time at this time, she felt like an ungrateful wolf.
	As long as she returned to the Gu's mansion, she would easily forget to contact her family. Her father was as awkward as her, waiting for her to take the initiative to contact him.
	As time went by, the contact between father and daughter became less and less.
	"I'll ask the servant to keep you company tomorrow. I'll tell mom to prepare something for you later. You can take them with you tomorrow,"
	said Jonas. With a nod, Melinda leaned against him and began to count the scenes of her last visit to her father.
	They hadn't seen each other for a long time, and now Melinda had a feeling of timidity.
	Queena knew that Melinda was going home, so she sent a bodyguard driver to accompany her. It happened that he could help her carry the gifts. In the morning, after seeing off Jonas, Melinda set out to Mo's Home.
	After ringing the doorbell for a long time, no one opened the door. Melinda thought her father got up early to go to the market or something, and asked the servant to find the key at the place where her father usually put the key.
	The moment the door was opened, the smell of dust came to her face. There was no familiar warmth in it, but embarrassment, as if there was a dispute.
	Melinda's heart hung in her throat. She ran into the room in a hurry, but there was no one there, and it seemed that no one had lived for a long time.
	The servant and the bodyguard were also stunned at the scene. Melinda hurriedly rang the doorbell of the neighbor and asked.
	"I haven't seen your father these days. He hasn't come back for several days. I thought he went to your home." The neighbor thought for a while and said, and Melinda's face suddenly turned pale.
	"Young Mistress, don't worry. Let's tell Young Master about it first." The servant was worried about Melinda, so she held her in a hurry. The bodyguard beside her also stacked the gifts aside and quickly made a clean room for Melinda to sit and rest.
	In a hurry, Melinda took out her phone and called Jonas, almost incoherently telling him what had happened.
	"Dad is missing?" Jonas caught the point in an instant. He frowned again and felt remorseful. He had put too much energy on dealing with Jerry these days and neglected Vern.
	"What should we do, Jon? Is there anything wrong with my father? Or..." Biting her lips, Melinda couldn't say anything more.
	She was worried that her father had been killed. After all, the house was in a mess, which seemed to indicate that there had been a dispute in it.
	Who on earth took her father away?
	"Linda, don't panic. Ask the servant to take you home. I'll arrange someone to look for him right away, okay?" Thinking that Melinda couldn't be irritated, Jonas comforted her in a hurry.
	On the other hand, Jonas was also busy. He immediately asked Ted to arrange people to look for Vern. He joined them and almost searched the whole city for Vern.
	Using all his connections, he couldn't hide the news of Vern's disappearance. Seeing these people looking for Vern in a hurry, Jerry felt indescribably comfortable.
	Jonas had always been ruining his marriage with Stacy, so from the moment David agreed, he had been worried that Jonas would destroy the wedding, so he had made preparations in advance.
	Melinda had been in the Gu's mansion all the time, and now there was a servant following her every day, so it was impossible for him to get close to her. Thus, Jerry thought of her father.
	Vern was the father of Melinda. As long as he could control Melinda, it meant that he could control Jonas.
	Jerry just wanted to use Vern as a bargaining chip to prevent Jonas and Melinda from ruining his wedding. He didn't expect that this bargaining chip didn't come in handy in the end.
	The wedding day went smoothly, but he didn't plan to put him back. The chip was naturally useful in his hands.
	Jonas searched for a long time, but he didn't find Vern. At last, Ted decided to investigate it from the beginning to confirm when and where he disappeared.
	In this way, the reverse investigation finally found a clue.
	Vern disappeared three days before Jerry's wedding. Several strong men broke into the Mo's Home and took Vern away without demur.
	It could be seen from the surveillance video that they drove a van without a license and the road video during this period began to be intermittent, as if the surveillance video was broken.
	"It has been planned for a long time. But why am I so familiar with this method?" Watching the video, Ted rubbed his chin and thought, 'It seems that I have been dealing with such a person all the time. But it's difficult to remember who he is for a moment.'
	"There's no need to look for him. He's in the hands of Jerry," said Jonas, closing his eyes. When he opened his eyes again, his eyes were full of malice. 'Well done! I didn't make trouble for him, but he rushed up to me and looked for death.'
	Hearing this, Ted suddenly realized where he was familiar with. Wasn't this the thing that the hypocrite Jerry like to do the most?
	"Then what should we do now?"
	"I'm going to look for Jerry. You can end this," Jonas said and went downstairs to the human resources department with his mobile phone. Seeing the vigorous and resolute style of the CEO, Ted admired him again.
	He just hoped that everything would go well this time. He really wanted to kill Jerry.
	In the director's office of the human resources department, Jerry was video chatting with Stacy on his mobile phone. It seemed that the newly married couple was very sweet and could not live without each other for a moment.
	Seeing that Jonas walked into the office with an unfriendly face, Jerry was very calm, as if he had expected it.
	"Honey, have a rest. I'll get you justice soon," Jerry said to Stacy and then hung up the video. He turned around in his office chair and looked straight at Jonas. "Brother, what can I do for you?"
Chapter 357 Apology
	"Did you find someone to catch Linda's father?" The employees outside couldn't help but murmur to themselves when they saw the sullen expression on Jonas's face.
	Did the director offend the CEO? There would be a good show to watch.
	"What?" Jerry was not surprised at all that Jonas came to him at once, but he didn't admit it or deny it. He just sat in his seat indifferently.
	"Jerry, I did not trouble you. You'd better behave yourself and don't mess with me. Hand over Linda's father as soon as possible." Seeing that, Jonas was much surer that the man was in Jerry's hand.
	For the sake of his father, he didn't want to do anything bad to Jerry, but Jerry's way of doing things was so hateful that he dared to hurt Linda's father.
	"Yes, I have him."
	Jerry rotated his right hand with a pen, and tapped his left hand gently on the table, as if provoking something.
	He stared straight at Jonas without fear of the coldness in his eyes. Now he was no longer the Jerry he used to be. He had the support of Wang family, and Jonas was no match for him since Jonas had not stabilized his position in the Soaring Group.
	"Let him go," Jonas said in a tough tone, but he had a hunch that Jerry wouldn't let him go so easily. He was wondering what conditions Jerry would make.
	In Jonas's mind, he couldn't help recalling what Jerry had said to Stacy when he had just entered the office.
	"I can let go of him. The condition is very simple. Melinda has to apologize to Stacy in person on behalf of your mother." The smile at the corners of Jerry's mouth became wider and wider.
	This step was very important. As long as Melinda apologized, his position in the Gu family would quietly change, and it was also a message to David that his heart was in the Wang family.
	Only in this way could David spare no effort to help him.
	"Apologize? To Stacy?" He loved and doted on Melinda. He didn't want her to suffer any grievance. How could he allow her to apologize to a person like Stacy?
	Noticing the disdain in Jonas's eyes, Jerry was a little unhappy. Jonas was as arrogant as ever. He was now the son-in-law of the Wang family, but Jonas still had such an attitude.
	"I don't mind if that old woman Queena comes by herself." Jerry shrugged and said. When he thought of the fact that Stacy was driven out by Gu family when she went to the Gu family, he was very angry.
	No matter he liked Stacy or not, she was his woman. If she was bullied, it meant that he was humiliated.
	"You are becoming more and more naive," said Jonas. He also felt that there was no need to continue the negotiation. Jerry was good at taking advantage of others as he still behaved well. So he turned around and left directly.
	He thought that as long as he knew that it was Jerry who had done this, it wouldn't be too difficult to find the place where he had locked Vern up. He had a way to save his father-in-law, not to let his mother or wife be humiliated.
	Stacy and Jerry were the same kind of people. If Melinda apologized, she would definitely be humiliated and even bullied.
	Although Linda was gentle, she was not a tough woman. It was easy for her to hurt herself and her child.
	The more Jonas thought about it, the more headache he felt. When he returned to his office, he saw the eager eyes of Ted asking about the progress of the matter.
	"He won't let him go. You should follow this line and find someone to rescue him as soon as possible," said Jonas to Ted.
	However, Ted began to worry. He felt that it was not that easy to complete this matter. Jerry was a scheming man. He might have guessed that they would investigate him.
	Then there would be another pile of smoke bombs.
	But this was the only way at present. After saying goodbye to Jonas, Ted went to the place where his men stayed and continued to cooperate with the investigation.
	Although the conversation between Jonas and Jerry was not told to anyone, Melinda still got the news from Jessica.
	Stacy deliberately revealed the news to Jessica in order to let Melinda know.
	"Stacy, do you know it's against the law?" Jessica didn't expect that Stacy and Jerry would control Melinda's father and threaten Melinda to apologize to her. She felt that her friend had become a stranger to her.
	Maybe one day, Stacy would point the knife at her for a man called Jerry.
	"Jessica, they've been threatening us. I have no choice. Besides, I've been insulted. Shouldn't you be on my side?" Stacy looked at her friend and said disappointedly, feeling that she had changed.
	Jessica felt depressed and didn't know how to vent her anger.
	"Stacy, let Mr. Mo go. He is innocent," Jessica tried to persuade Stacy. However, Stacy remained unmoved. The two of them were in such a stalemate, so Jessica had no choice but to sound out Melinda's attitude.
	As time went by, the secret that Jonas had deliberately concealed was known by Melinda.
	"I'll apologize to them. As long as they let dad go, I'll do anything." After knowing this, Melinda called Jonas and asked him to contact Jerry. She was willing to apologize.
	Melinda really hated herself. Her father was old and in poor health these years. He had been recuperating during this break. She didn't know how much pain he had suffered in the past few days.
	And she clearly realized that what her father had suffered was caused by his unfilial daughter.
	"Linda, I'll handle it. You just need to wait for dad at home." Hearing that, Jonas frowned. He didn't want Melinda to apologize to Stacy in person. He was afraid that Melinda would take action alone, so he wanted to ask the servant to stop her.
	But at this time, the door of the office was pushed in directly from the outside. Before Jonas could lose his temper, he saw that it was Melinda standing there with an anxious face.
	Her phone was still beside her ear, and Jonas finally realized why there was an echo in the phone just now.
	Melinda knew that Jonas would refuse, so she went straight to the company to look for him.
	"Take me to Jerry or Stacy," Melinda said firmly. It was just an apology and an insult. She had experienced a lot.
	Would she be afraid that and put her father in danger?
	"I don't agree," Jonas rejected without any hesitation. Melinda's face suddenly became complicated. She didn't know what was on Jonas's mind. This was the best solution at present.
	"Jonas, your father left the person who hurt me at home. You should be filial to him. I didn't say anything. Now that the person hurts my father, why are you stopping me from saving him?"
	Melinda was so angry that she began to talk nonsense. Her words were like a sharp knife stabbing into the heart of Jonas. Without blood, he felt extremely painful even if he moved a little.
	"No matter what you say, I won't let you go." Jonas didn't want to explain anything, but his attitude was tougher than that of Melinda. She was so anxious that tears fell down, but he didn't change his mind at all.
	"Jonas, I'm your wife, not your slave. You have no right to order me to do anything," Melinda said without any consideration again. She quarreled with Jonas, but Jonas didn't say a word for a long time.
	Melinda was tired of scolding, and he even poured water for her. When William outside the door heard the words from inside, he was trembling with fear.
	"If you don't want to wait for news at home, just wait here. Anyway, I won't let you go to them," said Jonas. Then he called William to enter his office.
	"Keep an eye on her. You know what will happen if anything goes wrong," Jonas ordered William. There were many Jerry's men in the company, and he could trust fewer and fewer people.
	Therefore, William became the best choice. No matter whether this person was loyal to him or not, he was a member of Nelson's men. Maybe Nelson wouldn't protect him, but he would definitely protect Melinda.
	Jonas asked William to keep Melinda here and then left the office. Just now, he came up with another idea. Since Jerry didn't want to let Vern go, he would go to find David.
	David also knew what had happened last time. He even mentioned it to Jonas that he didn't discipline his daughter well and that it was Stacy who had offended the Gu family.
	But now, because of this matter, Jerry seized Vern and forced Melinda to apologize. He had two attitudes towards him, and Jonas thought he could have a good talk with David.
	David's company was run by someone. He was at home most of the time, and he felt strange when Jonas visited him.
	He was also guessing the purpose of Jonas. After all, he didn't agree with the marriage of Jerry and Stacy, and he had done a lot of things with Jonas.
	Now he thought about it, he felt a little embarrassed. But it could be understood that this was business, and profit was always the greatest.
	"Mr. Gu." David still appreciated Jonas, but unfortunately, he was a stumbling block to the expansion of his business territory.
	"Mr. Wang, do you still remember that your daughter insulted and scolded my wife in the Gu's mansion last time?" Jonas came straight to the point. David was a little confused, but he still nodded.
	Was Jonas going to deal with this matter?
	"I remember you said last time that it was the fault of your daughter. Now you caught my father-in-law and asked my wife to apologize. What do you mean?"
	Although the man in front of him was more powerful than himself, Jonas was not afraid of being confronted by him.
	David was confused by Jonas's question and asked him what had happened. When Jonas knew that David didn't know, he was relieved and then told him what Jerry had done. 
Chapter 358 Let Him Go
	"I don't know about it. I'll ask Jerry to release him now."
	David felt a little embarrassed, and then said to Jonas Hearing this, he knew that his attitude was a little inappropriate, and gradually calmed down.
	"Thank you for your help."
	Jonas said. Then he saw David contact with Jerry. He answered David's phone in a second.
	"Dad." The way Jerry called his father was very natural, even more familiar than calling Alston. David had turned on the speaker, so Jonas can hear Jerry. At this time, a mocking smile appeared on his face.
	"Ask someone to let go of Melinda's father." David talked with him as if David were giving orders his subordinates, but Jerry didn't care at all.
	He knew from the beginning that David was just using him. Thinking that David and Alston were both using him to get the other party's property, Jerry sneered. One day, everything of the two would belong to him alone.
	"Dad, what are you talking about? I don't understand." Jerry said casually. He didn't admit that he had kidnapped Melinda's father at all. David looked at Jonas, seeming to ask silently if he had made a mistake.
	At this time, Jonas was glad that he knew what kind of person Jerry was, so he had recorded the conversation between him and Jerry from the beginning.
	At that time, he had thought that if it couldn't be solved in private, they would have to resort to legal channels, which was the most direct evidence.
	At the moment the recording was played, David looked a little embarrassed, while Jerry was a little angry on the other end. He didn't expect that Jonas would guard against him like this.
	"Let him go as soon as possible. It's not Mrs. Gu's fault. It's Stacy's fault." Said David. He didn't want to blame Jerry who had done this just because of his daughter.
	Since what Jerry had said was recorded, he didn't know what to say. Jerry thought to himself, 'how despicable Jonas is! How could he force me to let go of him in this way?'.
	"I know, father. It's just that Stacy is wronged." Said Jerry. He still felt that Stacy was wronged, and hoped that his words would make David hang in the balance.
	However, David was very clear headed. It was not the right time to break up, so he said, "send him back as soon as possible, okay?"
	"Okay."
	Said Jerry unhappily, and then hung up the phone. After handling the matter well, David had an explanation to Jonas.
	"Thank you, Mr. Wang." Jonas said. Since David had given an order, Jerry wouldn't go against it. And Melinda just needed to wait for her father to come back.
	Jerry was efficient. Vern was sent back home soon. Someone had been waiting for him at home. Seeing him back, he immediately called Melinda.
	Vern looked fine and unharmed. The main reason why Jerry took him away this time was to threaten Jonas, so he didn't do anything excessive.
	When Melinda rushed back home from Soaring Group, her tears couldn't stop flowing. She really began to be afraid. These times, she was not careful for her father, so she even didn't know that her father had an accident.
	She really couldn't imagine what she would do if her father was in danger.
	The aunt had already cleaned the Mo's Home. Vern could have a good rest after he came back. After receiving the news from Jonas, William sent Melinda back to the Mo's Home in person.
	When she looked at her father's familiar figure, she couldn't help but rush up and hug him, tears streaming down.
	Vern hadn't been so intimate with his daughter for a long time. At this time, he was a little uncomfortable and raised his arm to pat her on the back.
	"Well, I'm fine. Don't worry."
	Vern comforted her. When he was caught, he was also frightened, but when those people did not do anything else, and even arranged food and drink, he knew that he was probably a hostage.
	"I'm sorry, Dad." All this was because of her. Her father didn't know how to comfort her, but he kept saying that he was fine.
	The dinner was prepared by the aunt. Melinda stayed at home with Vern, showing no intention of going back home. The aunt looked anxious and didn't know what to do.
	"It's getting late. You should go home now." Finally, Vern considerately found out the aunt's difficulties and took the initiative to ask her to go home.
	"I want to be with you."
	She was like a little girl who didn't want to leave her father for a moment. Looking at her like this, her father's heart was full of helplessness.
	He also wanted his daughter to be with him all the time, but she had grown up and got married.
	"Go back. I'm fine. Don't worry about me." Vern patted her on the back and said. She was still unwilling to leave. But thinking of her attitude towards Jonas today, he might be sad, and Melinda began to hesitate.
	At last, with the persuasion of her father, she chose to go home, but she was still worried, "Dad, I will come to see you tomorrow."
	She was not joking at all. On the second morning, before Jonas woke up, she got up in a daze.
	"What's wrong?" Jonas asked.
	"I'm going to find my father." Melinda said in a daze. She pushed away yunpei, and when she stood up, she was sober.
	"Let me drive you home." Jonas also got up. Melinda wanted to refuse, but she didn't say anything. This day, she stayed with her father from morning to night, and she had to urge him to go home.
	Seeing this, Queena thought it was not a good way to go on, so she discussed to let her father live in the Gu's mansion.
	"No, thanks. I'm fine alone." Vern thought it would be troublesome to live in the Gu's mansion, and he couldn't forget his daughter's experience in the Gu's mansion. He didn't want to be a burden to her.
	"It's not a good idea for her to walk around all the time." Queena said awkwardly. Melinda was pregnant now, so it was dangerous to walk around every day.
	"I will persuade her." Vern still didn't want to live in the Gu's mansion. Queena had no choice but to stop talking about it.
	After asking for Vern's permission, Jonas installed a surveillance camera in the living room of Mo's Home, and also a micro surveillance camera. He made two preparations.
	Seeing this, Melinda was moved. Thinking of her attitude to her father when she was anxious before, she felt very guilty.
	"William."
	The person who came to install the monitor was William. As long as it was related to Melinda, William and Ted would deal with it. He felt worried about others.
	"What's wrong with Mrs. Gu?" William was suddenly stopped by Melinda. She thought she had done something wrong and became a little anxious.
	"Give this to your CEO for me." She handed a small box to William. She wanted to apologize to him, but she didn't know how to say it. So she came up with this idea at last.
	In fact, there was only a note in the box, her apology.
	William took it over, and still expressed his serious attitude. "Okay, I will hand it over to the boss safely."
	William's attitude was as if it was a top secret document given by Melinda.
	After William left, Melinda went back to the living room to accompany her father. The aunt who had been taking care of her was busy in the kitchen.
	In fact, she had thought about cooking by herself, but she was getting more and more clumsy now. It was unrealistic to cook, and neither aunt nor her father would allow it.
	"Mellie, is the Gu's mansion not close?" Vern looked at Melinda and said in a somewhat complicated tone. His daughter was sensitive. If they didn't talk it well this time, she would be sad.
	"It's okay. I have a driver." Of course, she knew what her father meant, so she just said that she was fine.
	Vern was anxious. He thought it was not good for his daughter to be too smart, but since she had seen through what he was going to say, there was no need to worry too much.
	"Now you are married to Jonas. What do peoples think when you go back our home every day? Those neighbors are gossiping about me." Vern said. Thinking of the gossip of his neighbors, his face darkened.
	"It's good that you know how life is. Others will say that you are just jealous." Melinda said indifferently, which made Vern speechless.
	But after hesitating for a while, she felt relieved. Without her father's urging, she consciously proposed to leave.
	The driver was stopped by something on the way today. Seeing that it was still early, she asked the aunt to take a walk with her.
	Outside the community, the light was dim. The aunt had been holding her hand all the time. There were no passers-by on the road at this time. Melinda had been looking around. Suddenly, her eyes widened in shock.
	Just now, a woman passed by her. Both her figure and face were so similar to that Emily!
	Melinda turned her head to confirm, but she didn't see the figure of the wman just now. She stood there dully, and the aunt looked at Melinda suspiciously, thinking that she couldn't walk anymore.
	"Young Mistress, how about we wait for the driver here?" Said the aunt. Still in a trance, Melinda looked at her and nodded blankly.
	Melinda was in such a condition until she came back home. She was sure that her eyesight was good. Just now, she was so familiar with Emily that she could recognize her even if it was just a side face. 
Chapter 359 Come Back To Life
	Melinda never believed that there were two identical things in the world, especially people. Even twins couldn't be so similar.
	Especially that man, she felt so familiar with him.
	When Jonas came back home, he thought that Melinda must have gone through something. He asked the servant and found nothing unusual happened today.
	"Jon, I met Emily today! Right on the way home!" When the two of them returned to their own room, Melinda finally could not help saying, if it were others, they would definitely think that she was talking nonsense.
	"You must be mistaken,"
	said Jonas with a frown. Melinda didn't seem to be the kind of person who would talk nonsense. The case had been a mess for so long. If Emily hadn't died, everything would have been a joke, wouldn't it?
	"Emily has been thrown into the sea by Jerry. She can't be alive." Although Jonas tried to comfort Melinda, he couldn't help but whisper in his heart. It had been a long time since Melinda mentioned Emily.
	It must be that the woman looked exactly like Emily. Did Jerry take action again?
	"But she's really like Emily. No, she must be Emily! I can't be wrong." When Melinda thought of that figure again, she was so familiar with it that her heart beat faster.
	"You have been too tired these days. Go to bed," said Jonas. Seeing the confident look on Melinda's face, he also had some doubts.
	Was there any other hidden reason behind this? In theory, Jerry was a ruthless person and would never leave Emily alive.
	After Melinda fell asleep, Jonas still felt worried. He quietly left the bedroom and went to the balcony to call Ted to do the investigation.
	"Boss, are you telling me a ghost story at night? Isn't Emily dead?" Ted covered his chest with his hands and said exaggeratedly. He felt that his boss was crazy and asked him to investigate Emily.
	How to investigate a dead person?
	"I remember her body hasn't been found yet, which means it is still unknown whether she's alive or not," Jonas said. Hearing his words, Ted also realized that this order was not on a whim, but something might have happened.
	"Boss, don't worry. I will investigate it carefully," Ted said. Although the task was a little difficult and this matter had been passed for a long time, it was still convenient to investigate since the criminals were still in prison.
	That night, Jonas didn't sleep well. He had thought that someone who had been far away from him would appear again. The feeling was really complicated.
	What worried him more was that the situation was very dangerous now. What could he do to protect Linda with the trouble of Emily?
	Melinda didn't sleep well either. Perhaps it was because she saw a person like Emily tonight. She hadn't had a nightmare for a long time, and she began to have nightmares this night.
	"No, let me go."
	With a scream, Melinda woke up in an instant. Her forehead was still sweating. Thinking of what happened in the dream, she quickly put her hand on the position of her lower abdomen.
	Her belly was still bulged, and the baby was still there. Melinda gasped for breath. Everything in her dream was real and frightening.
	Emily still tried her best to hurt her and her child as before.
	"It's okay. It's just a dream. Don't worry," said Jonas, patting Melinda on the back to comfort her.
	Leaning against the chest of Jonas, Melinda was still in a daze. It was not a dream, but all her past experiences.
	"Jon, I really feel that she is Emily." Melinda closed her eyes and said weakly. Only Emily could make her feel like this.
	"It's just that they look like each other. It is not her," Jonas said, but Melinda was sure that it was Emily. The two of them didn't sleep well this night, and Melinda didn't fall asleep until eight or nine o'clock.
	Jonas told the servant not to disturb Melinda. Then he went to the company. As soon as he arrived at the company, he saw Ted's gaunt face, as if he hadn't slept for a whole night.
	With two dark circles under his eyes, Ted looked at Jonas and put a file in front of him with some hesitation.
	"Boss, this is the information I found last night. There is a very unfortunate news that Emily might really be alive," said Ted. The time was very urgent. He only went to the prison last night.
	It had been a long time since the incident happened, and they didn't have a deep impression of it. However, someone finally said that because of the urgency and fierce resistance of Emily, the heavy things they tied to her loosened when she was thrown into the sea.
	It meant that it was not because Emily had sunk into the sea that they could not find the body, but because she might have been saved.
	"And the tide was rising at that time. It was very likely that Emily was washed ashore. I have asked people to investigate along the coast," said Ted. Jonas's face became serious again.
	If these were true, then it was very likely that Emily was alive, and the person that Melinda saw last night was her.
	Why did it take so long for Emily to show up? Or was she going to take action again?
	Jonas felt that his mind was in a mess, with ups and downs.
	Ted had been helping Jonas with these things all the time. Now he could understand his mood. He only hoped that the information he found out was good news.
	It took a long time for the investigation. It took five days for Ted to get the accurate information. Emily had been washed to the shore and survived, and she was saved by an old man who lived on the shore.
	And now she had become the general manager of the Puppet entertainment company.
	"Puppet entertainment company?" Jonas asked with a frown. He only had a shallow impression of this entertainment company.
	"Yes, she has changed her name and is now called Alice Zhang. She has great power in the Puppet entertainment company," said Ted, scratching his head.
	It was said that a disaster would last for a thousand years. It was not wrong. A person like Emily was not dead. She was not only alive, but also had such an identity.
	He didn't know what tricks she was going to play.
	After knowing the current identity of Emily, Jonas was a little worried. In the past, Emily had relied on others to make them suffer a lot.
	Now that Emily was powerful, it would not be easy for him to deal with her if she targeted at Soaring Group.
	"Don't tell anyone about it. Let's wait and see," said Jonas. Ted nodded solemnly. He knew it was not a simple thing, so he wouldn't tell others.
	He was even thinking about how to deal with Emily in the future. No, it should be Alice Zhang now.
	In the past two days, Melinda had less and less time to visit her father, and she was always in a daze with a worried look.
	These reactions were all seen by Queena. She thought about what had happened recently to make Melinda like this, and found that everything had been fine recently.
	Although Jerry was troublesome, he had rarely behaved himself during this period of time.
	"Mellie, are you in a bad mood these two days?" Queena thought that as a pregnant woman, Melinda should pay attention to her mood.
	So she took the opportunity to ask Melinda about it. She wanted to know the reason from her and try to mediate for her. It was not a good way to be like that all the time.
	Queena's eyes were full of worry, and at the same time, she felt that it was not easy for Melinda to carry this child.
	"Nothing." It took a long time for Melinda to react. She shook her head and said reluctantly. But the more she did so, the more Queena felt that something was wrong in her heart.
	After answering, Melinda began to be in a daze again. She just saw her in a hurry that night. But this time, she met her again when she went to Vern's house. Although it was a side face, she was sure that it was Emily.
	"Pregnant women are not good at hiding anything. You must tell me if anything happens. If you don't want to tell mommy, just tell Jon. Just take him as a trash can and spit out anything to him,"
	Queena said again. Melinda didn't look like a person without anything on her mind.
	Hearing what Queena said, Melinda was worried that she might misunderstand her. After hesitating for a while, she said, "Mommy, do you think people can come back to life after death?"
	Melinda swallowed and asked. It seemed strange to say something, but only when she went through it herself could she feel the real feeling.
	"What are you talking about? If a person dies, he or she will completely disappear from this world. How can he or she be revived?"
	Hearing this, Queena said helplessly. She didn't expect that this was what had worried Melinda recently. Then she thought that Melinda must have read some mysterious novels and articles recently, so she had such an idea.
	"But I saw Emily," Melinda said seriously, looking at Queena in confusion. Queena was also shocked, and then felt the same as Jonas. She thought that Melinda had been too tired recently and had an illusion.
	"You must be too tired these days. You go back and forth every day. You will be fine after a good rest," said Queena. Knowing that Queena didn't believe her, Melinda felt even more depressed.
	Why didn't everyone believe it? They all felt that she had an illusion.
	"Mellie, don't think too much. You just need to take good care of yourself and the baby. No matter what happens, just leave it to Jonas," said Queena. She didn't want Melinda to care too much about these things.
	"Mommy, I'm not thinking too much. I really saw her. It must be Emily," Melinda said firmly. She might have mistaken anyone else, but she couldn't mistake someone for Emily! 
Chapter 360 Love Relationship
	No matter what Melinda said, Queena felt that she was under too much pressure recently. It was absolutely true that Emily was dead.
	She would never forget the fact that Emily died and that Jonas was framed by Jerry.
	If Emily didn't die, then all this would be a joke.
	The marriage between Jerry and Stacy made the Soaring Group and the Wang Group have an invincible pace in the business world recently, and Alston took this opportunity to hold the company's anniversary.
	The threshold of the Soaring Group was high, and after cooperating with the Wang Group, the threshold was naturally much higher. When Alston drew up the guest list, he had eliminated many of the old guests.
	As the CEO, of course, Jonas had to assist. But when he was making the invitation list, he suddenly pointed out that he wanted to invite a person who had nothing to do with the Soaring Group.
	"The general manager of the Puppet entertainment company?"
	When Alston heard the name, he was still a little confused. This was a person who had no cooperative relationship with him. Moreover, wasn't the Puppet entertainment company from that circle?
	It could be said that the Gu family had no good impression of people in the entertainment circle.
	"Well, you go to invite Alice Zhang, the general manager of the Puppet entertainment company," said Jonas to the person in charge of the guest list. Although the person in charge was confused, he did as he was told.
	The invitation was only sent to the Puppet entertainment company. On the anniversary day, many famous entrepreneurs led by David attended, but Alice, who was invited by Jonas, didn't show up.
	"She refused?"
	Jonas asked Ted to ask the person in charge what was going on. The message Ted got was that Alice refused his invitation.
	The more she acted like this, the more suspicious he was.
	"But Colson Zhang, the chairman of the Puppet entertainment company, came here today." Ted had inquired about the information in many ways.
	"Let's meet him." Jonas's words brought Ted back to reality. He led him to Colson and told him the information about him along the way.
	Although they had investigated the Puppet entertainment company when they knew that Emily had become Alice Zhang, they naturally paid attention to the chairman of the Puppet entertainment company.
	"Mr. Gu, this is Mr. Zhang of the Puppet entertainment company." Ted introduced Jonas to Colson. The two of them chatted with each other politely.
	"I invited the general manager of your group this time, but I didn't see her today. It's a pity." When Jonas mentioned Alice, Colson looked as usual.
	And he even said dotingly, "Alice has something to deal with today. She'll come next time." Colson explained with a smile. Feeling that there was something fishy, Jonas clinked glasses with Colson and pretended to be confused, "I don't know the relationship between Mr. Zhang and the general manager. I'm curious to see you have the same surname."
	Jonas was testing. Seeing that his boss said these words seriously, Ted admired him very much.
	Colson didn't change his countenance, nor did he hide anything. He told him his relationship with Alice directly, "She is my daughter."
	Father and daughter? As soon as the relationship was revealed, the scene of many beautiful women calling him "sugar daddy" appeared in Ted's mind, which made him sick.
	Jonas smiled, and then chatted with Colson happily as usual. Ted was stunned.
	Jonas kept leading the topic to test Colson, but Colson was a cunning fox, and his answer was flawless.
	"Mr. Zhang, do you know Emily Bai?" Seeing that he couldn't ask anything, Jonas asked directly.
	"Emily, the female star who was thrown into the sea and died miserably? I've heard of her," Colson replied. He was an entertainer. If he didn't know the news, it would be a lie.
	Such an answer was normal.
	"Yes, but I'm not sure if she's dead or not. And now someone has found out that she is very likely to be your daughter, Alice Zhang,"
	said Jonas. Colson's fingers holding the goblet paused for a moment.
	"It's a pity that Mr. Gu doesn't want to be a scriptwriter. You are so imaginative," Colson said. Obviously, he didn't want to admit it, even though Jonas had shown the materials collected from Ted to him.
	Colson drank as if nothing had happened. He smiled and said that it was impossible. Alice was his daughter, not the dead Emily.
	However, his expression changed a lot, different from the calm he had been at the beginning. Jonas was perceptive and believed that Colson must know something, but he had been hiding it from him.
	After the banquet, Jonas was worried. He couldn't get any reliable information from Colson, so he could only continue to investigate.
	"Colson is really a cunning old fox. But boss, don't worry too much. We are still investigating. There must be a way,"
	Ted said. In fact, he also felt helpless that he could do nothing to help Jonas.
	"Well, thank you,"
	said Jonas. After he told some things to Ted, they parted ways.
	But as soon as Jonas returned home, he received a call from Ted, saying that he had found something new.
	"Colson and Alice are not father and daughter. They are probably lovers," said Ted. It took his friend a lot of effort to find the news.
	They had no choice but to get some surveillance videos to investigate. Then they found that Colson and Alice had many intimate actions in a place invisible to outsiders.
	Moreover, they hadn't heard that Colson had a daughter before. Alice appeared almost after the accident of Emily.
	No matter it was time or something else, it was exactly the same.
	"Lover relationship?" Thinking of this, Jonas thought, 'Emily is really like this. She doesn't work hard and always relies on others.'
	And she had always had such a capital, otherwise she wouldn't escape from him again and again.
	"I don't know what she did to control Colson. It's said that she has an extremely high status in the company,"
	Ted said helplessly. He felt that these old men were animals thinking with their lower bodies. They couldn't walk when they saw women, and they didn't even care about their own company.
	However, this time, they were a little impressed by Emily. She was ambitious. Although sometimes the decisions she made were very risky, they still brought a lot of benefits to the company.
	But it was said that the artists of the Puppet entertainment company all got the promotion in that way, which was in line with the style of Emily.
	"In our words, Emily has cast a spell on Colson, an old man who almost couldn't do anything, that made him unable to extricate himself from loving Emily," said Ted. The words "unable to extricate himself from Emily" really made him feel sick.
	But from the investigation, it was true.
	Ted was disdainful, but Jonas was calm when he heard the news. He knew that Emily had the ability to do that, and she was good at all kinds of crooked ways.
	There might be many things that they didn't know.
	"Keep an eye on Colson and Alice," said Jonas, rubbing his eyebrows. He hadn't had a good rest because of these things recently.
	It seemed that his mind had been in a state of tension all the time. Only when he was with Melinda would he be slightly relieved.
	However, during this period of time, Melinda's nerves were a little declining because of the incident of Emily. She used to go to Vern's place frequently, but recently, she was also a little worried about her own health, not as frequently as before.
	However, Melinda would call her father every day. This time, she had a feeling that her father would be in trouble if she didn't get any news about him for a moment.
	Fortunately, Jonas had installed a monitor in the Mo's Home. If Melinda was worried, she could see it from the monitor.
	As long as she knew that Vern was fine.
	She was pregnant now, and her body was getting heavier and heavier. It was difficult for her to go out.
	"Your belly is getting bigger and bigger these days. Don't run around. I will arrange everything for our father." Knowing that Melinda was still worried about her father, Jonas had to comfort her before going out every day. To be honest, looking at Melinda's suddenly bulging belly like a ball, he also felt scared.
	Now, he would tremble with fear when he touched her, let alone hugging her.
	Looking at her round belly, Melinda was helpless, but she put her fingers on the top and felt the baby kicking her playfully. A happy smile appeared at the corners of her mouth.
	She grabbed Jonas's hand and put it on her belly, letting him feel the baby's greeting with her in this way.
	"Baby told me to let mom rest at home. He doesn't want to go out," said Jonas dotingly, pinching Melinda's nose.
	Melinda knew that she had been too willful these days, so she agreed obediently.
	She also knew that it was not a good time for her to run around now. She'd better have a good rest on the bed. The Gu's mansion used to be very lively, but today everyone seemed to have social engagements and was not at home.
	All of a sudden, there were only Melinda and Yulia left at home.
	Before Melinda gave birth to the baby, she had to walk more. Although she couldn't go outside, she would still walk at home when she had energy.
	It was a little difficult for Melinda to walk upstairs, so she usually went back only to the stairway. But today when she arrived at the stairway, she heard a strange sound.
	She was curious and walked downstairs slowly with the help of the stairs. She was heavy and used to walking slowly, so there was almost no sound when stepping on the carpet. 
Chapter 361 Long Time No See
	It was not until Melinda got downstairs that she realized the voice was from Alston's study.
	As far as she knew, Alston was not at home, and the servants in the house would not easily go to the master's study. She was a little scared, but she still quietly approached.
	It took Yulia a long time to get the password of Yulia's study. Now she entered it after spending a lot of time.
	During this period of time, there were always some people in the family. It had been difficult to take action. Today was a rare good opportunity, and no one was at home.
	As a pregnant woman with inconvenient movements, Melinda was ignored by Yulia. Alston's study was very big, and the sun couldn't shine in and she did not turn on the light. It was a little dark and frightening.
	Terrified, Yulia didn't dare to turn on the light. She turned on the flashlight and looked for something in the study. Looking into it through the crack of the door, Melinda almost screamed. She quickly covered her mouth and leaned against the wall.
	Yulia looked like a ghost just now.
	When Melinda looked inside again, she saw the furtive figure of Yulia, but she couldn't see clearly what she was doing. She wanted to get closer, but she was afraid of being discovered.
	Standing stiffly outside the study, Melinda dared not move. She could only see through the crack of the door to see what was happening inside. It seemed that Yulia was looking for something.
	When Yulia was about to come out, Melinda hurried to the next room and hid herself. The next room was Queena's bedroom, which was well lit and brought Melinda back to her senses from the darkness just now.
	When she heard the noise from the next door, the door had been closed, and then hurried footsteps. After making sure that Yulia had left, Melinda carefully opened the door of the bedroom.
	Her forehead was covered with cold sweat, and she was even gasping for breath.
	The distance from the second floor to the third floor made Melinda a little scared. Yulia lived at the second floor, and she was afraid that Yulia would suspect her if she went to third floor now, so she went straight to the first floor.
	There were many servants on the first floor who were busy. When the maid saw Melinda, she hurried to help her.
	"Auntie, please make a glass of juice for me," Melinda said to the servant. Then she sat down in the living room. She didn't dare to stay on the third floor alone at this time.
	The uneasiness in her heart made her need to stay in a place with someone else.
	The servant deftly made a cup of Melinda's favorite juice for her. The juice was just ready when Yulia went downstairs. Looking at her, Melinda couldn't help but feel stiff.
	"Hey, are you drinking juice? Auntie, help me make a cup of it, half sugar," Yulia said. Then she sat down on the sofa next to Melinda calmly. Melinda held the cup in her hand quietly to keep herself calm.
	She drank juice to hide her uneasiness. At the moment Melinda put down the glass, she had returned to normal.
	"Sis-in-law, why did you go downstairs today?" Yulia asked, pretending to chat normally. In fact, it was because she had just done something secretly and she was afraid so that she walked out of her bedroom. She didn't expect to see Melinda downstairs.
	"I feel a little bored staying in the room all day long. I want to go downstairs and have a walk," Melinda said. The smile at the corners of her mouth was impeccable. Yulia nodded, completely unaware that what she had just done was seen by someone.
	"Oh." Yulia didn't know what to say. In fact, she had a lot to say, but she didn't know how to say it in the end, so she kept silent.
	Moreover, as for Melinda, because of what happened last time, there were some misunderstandings between her and Yulia. In addition, what happened just now made her unwilling to have too much communication with Yulia.
	So even if the two sat on the same sofa, the atmosphere was very embarrassing as if no one was there.
	After drinking the juice, Melinda excused herself that she was a little sleepy and asked the servant to take her upstairs to rest.
	On the other hand, after staying downstairs for a while, Yulia felt her heart pounding. The nervousness and fear didn't relieve at all. She drank up a glass of juice and left the living room.
	Unlike Melinda, she went to the outside of the Gu's mansion.
	Having a rest in her room, Melinda didn't relax until she knew that Yulia went out. She guessed what Yulia was doing just now, and then fell asleep in a daze.
	When Jonas came back, he saw that Melinda was lying on the bed in an uncomfortable position. He couldn't help frowning.
	He asked about the time when Melinda went to the bed, and when he thought it was time to wake her up, he gently woke her up. Melinda was still a little confused and didn't know where she was and what time it was now.
	But when she saw Jonas, she smiled brightly as usual.
	"Jon." She put her arms around Jonas's neck and said coquettishly. Then she rubbed his body. Jonas wanted to hold her up as usual, but he really couldn't do anything now.
	"It's time to get up," Jonas said gently. Melinda rubbed her eyes and looked out of the window at the sky.
	"By the way, I have something to tell you, Jon." At the thought of what had happened this afternoon, Melinda said.
	Seeing the sad look on Melinda's face, Jonas's heart couldn't help but rise. He was worried that something bad might happen again.
	"What's the matter? Go ahead." Touching Melinda's head, Jonas said. He hoped that his woman could be carefree and didn't have to think too much.
	"Today, I saw that Yulia went to dad's study. She seemed to be looking for something. I was too heavy to go forward and check,"
	Melinda said with a little guilty, but Jonas still had a lingering fear. With such a heavy body, he couldn't imagine the consequences if Yulia found out that Melinda was there at that time.
	"In the following days, you just need to take good care of yourself and the baby. Don't think too much about anything else, okay? I'll handle it properly. Trust me,"
	Jonas said in a serious tone, making Melinda look straight into his eyes. The baby was not very stable. Because of thinking too much, Melinda was emotionally unstable and almost had a miscarriage several times.
	He didn't want Melinda to know anything about the mess of the family.
	"Okay, I know," Melinda said obediently. She wanted to protect the baby in her belly, so she didn't show up today to expose Yulia.
	And she believed that Jonas could handle it well.
	At dinner time, almost all the family members came back, but only except for Yulia, who was still outside. Melinda looked at Alston with a slightly complicated look, but said nothing in the end.
	Since she said she would trust Jonas, she wouldn't interfere in this matter.
	In the evening, after Melinda fell asleep, Jonas went to see her mother in person. Queena had been suffering from insomnia these days and slept late at night, so when Jonas looked for her, she was still sorting out the previous paintings.
	Queena found that people liked to recall the past as they got older.
	"It's so late. Why don't you stay in the bedroom with Mellie?" Queena looked at Jonas and said. Now she thought that her son had grown up and was entangled with the past. It seemed that she was really too competitive.
	There were some things that needed to be taken lightly.
	"Mellie is asleep. I have something to tell you," said Jonas. Then he walked forward and found a seat to sit down. Behind the bed, there was a wedding photo of Queena and Alston.
	The two people in the photo were still young and had a warm smile on their faces. It was hard to imagine that they would be like this, quarreling all the time.
	There was a glass of water on the head of Queena's bed, and beside it were two white pills, which were the sleeping pills she had bought recently.
	Jonas was sensitive enough to see it at once, but he didn't say it directly.
	"What do you want to say?" Queena said, but her body blocked the sight of Jonas. She didn't want to show her fragile side to her child.
	"Linda has been taking care of her baby at home these days. I think you should keep an eye on Yulia at home,"
	said Jonas. He thought that Queena was overwhelmed by so many things recently, so he couldn't tell her these things, which would only make her more uncomfortable.
	Hearing this, Queena was a little confused, but she also knew that there must be a reason for it. Jonas would not ask her to do something meaningless.
	If Jonas didn't say it now, he would say it in the future. So she agreed without thinking too much.
	After the family affairs were arranged, Jonas was a little relieved. But the fact that Alice was Emily was like an uncertain bomb, which made him guard against it.
	But the progress of the matter was beyond his expectation. Alice actually contacted Jonas and proposed to meet him.
	Alice knew from Colson that she might have been exposed, and that Jonas was investigating her secretly, so she asked him to meet.
	Without any hesitation, Jonas agreed to meet her in a teahouse reserved by Alice.
	It seemed that there were more and more shops like this now, and this was an industry that had been invested by Jonas for Emily, whether intentionally or unintentionally.
	Alice arrived at the appointed place early. Thinking of meeting that man, hatred grew in her heart in an instant.
	However, she also had to thank that man. If it weren't for his ruthlessness, she wouldn't have changed today.
	"Long time no see," Alice said this at the moment she saw Jonas. There was no need for her to say anything else. He knew that the person in front of him was Emily.
	"Are you surprised?" Emily smiled, but it didn't reach her eyes, which made him feel creepy.
Chapter 362 Jerry Panicked
	"Emily." Looking at the person in front of him, Jonas naturally spoke out the name. Although there was a slight difference in appearance, it gave people a sense of familiarity.
	No wonder Melinda was so sure when she saw her at that time, and she was even worried about it for a long time.
	Jonas's eyes darkened. In fact, he also had a lot of misgivings.
	Emily was now Alice. Although his business didn't have much conflict with Colson, it was better to have one more friend than one more enemy.
	"Are you surprised to see me? Jonas, I'm really curious if you would dream of me at midnight that I come back to ask for your lives!"
	Alice's tone became extremely ferocious when she said the words "ask for your lives". She could never forget what those people said when they threw her into the sea. All these were done by the man she once loved most in front of her.
	He wanted to kill her for another woman, but fortunately, she, Emily, was lucky enough to be reborn, and now she had a rich man supported her. She would get even with these previous grudges with him.
	"What are you talking about?" Looking at Alice, Jonas felt that she was still the same, as stupid as before.
	"You're scared, Jonas. Ha-ha-ha, you'll also be scared one day. Why didn't you think of today when you asked men to push me into the sea? I will definitely take revenge on you."
	Alice laughed wildly. When she saw the worry in Jonas's eyes, she felt indescribable joy.
	When she was buried under the sea, she swore to herself that if she could come back, she would make these people pay a painful price.
	Hearing this, Jonas suddenly became clear in his mind. It turned out that the reason why Emily hated him so much was that she always thought that it was him who did that and her purpose was to take revenge.
	"I'll take you to a place and know something interesting," said Jonas with a smile. Alice looked at him suspiciously and hesitated. At last, she felt that with her current identity, Jonas didn't dare to do anything to her.
	Alice got on the car with doubt. When the car arrived, she became more and more suspicious until she saw the two words "police station".
	She still didn't know what was on Jonas's mind, so she looked at him warily and asked, "Why did you bring me here?"
	As a missing person, Emily was quite disgusted with this kind of place. Moreover, her identity was arranged by Colson. If she didn't meet Colson, she might be regarded as an unregistered citizen.
	"Do you think the police won't investigate a person's death?" Looking at Alice as if he was looking at a fool, Jonas said sarcastically. Alice's face darkened.
	It seemed that she had never really won in front of Jonas, no matter before or now.
	"There is no corpse. What should they investigate?" Emily said sarcastically. Her eyes darkened at the thought of those people cruelly tying heavy things to her.
	But now she remembered that some policemen had come at that time. If the police hadn't come, they wouldn't have tied up things in a hurry and given her a chance to rebirth.
	Alice followed Jonas into the police station. The people in the police station seemed to be familiar with Jonas. When Jonas talked about Emily's case, the eyes of those people became subtle.
	After all, they were friends. Without any hesitation, they showed the record of what had happened to Jonas, and Alice naturally knew the cause and effect of her death.
	It turned out that everything was done by the villain, Jerry!
	When the two of them left the police station together, Alice couldn't help but feel resentful. She proposed a cooperation to Jonas, who was standing beside her. "Let's deal with Jerry together."
	Although Colson doted on her now, there was still a big problem about her identity. At the beginning, she said that she couldn't remember anything.
	Hearing this, Jonas didn't feel strange. This was the way of Emily. She used everything around her and always believed that the enemy's enemy was a friend.
	Now she and Jonas had a common enemy, Jerry. The two of them were naturally friends, so they should cooperate.
	And with her current power, she didn't believe that Jonas was not tempted.
	But Jonas's answer disappointed Alice. He directly refused the cooperation.
	"I don't have any plans to deal with Jerry. Anyway, he is my father's son. But if you take revenge, I will never interfere,"
	said Jonas, shrugging his shoulders. It was really stupid to interfere at this time. It was the best to watch two people fight. In the end, no matter who won or lost, he would not suffer losses.
	Alice had no choice since Jonas showed his attitude clearly.
	The two of them parted ways soon, but something unexpected happened to Jonas. Someone had been following him secretly and took many photos of the two of them.
	Although she had changed her identity, many things could not be changed. Melinda and Jonas could recognize her, and so could the media.
	However, the news of Emily's death was also widely spread back then.
	So the headline of the news became interesting, such as "Jonas secret meeting the former lover - Emily" and "Jonas found a substitute of his former lover".
	The photos and news of the two people immediately occupied the major websites. The two words, "Jonas Gu", almost had a hot search system, and soon became the hot topic.
	When Melinda saw the news, she was shocked at first, and then sad. She believed that the person was not a substitute and it was exactly Emily!
	She had met her before, but when she had mentioned it to Jonas, he had sworn that Emily had died.
	Once again, Melinda hated herself for the logic of a writer's mind. At this time, there were countless big dramas in her mind.
	Perhaps it was all a lie. Nothing happened to Emily at all. She was just hidden by Jonas. Perhaps Jonas didn't plan to have a future with her at all, just because of the baby in her womb.
	All in all, Melinda began to doubt their relationship again.
	The news on the Internet was getting hotter and hotter. After Alice returned home and got the news, she was a little scared. Then she asked the public relations department of the Puppet entertainment company to prepare for the press conference.
	The press conference was even much livelier than the one held by the artists of the Puppet entertainment company. Those reporters flocked to the spot for getting the first-hand information.
	Emily hadn't been in the spotlight like this for a long time, and the smile on her face was almost stiff.
	Everyone in the company knew who she was, but they didn't dare to make any mistake because they knew it clearly.
	People in the public relations department almost had everything been arranged, and the speech was also well prepared. At last, they were waiting for Alice to show up.
	The content of the press conference was very simple, which proved that she was not Emily. Emily had passed away for a long time, and she had been studying abroad at that time.
	All in all, she had a mouth and she could say whatever she want, and those reporters are also insightful. Seeing that Alice is not easy to mess with, they didn't keep investigating.
	As soon as the press conference came out, everyone was shocked, but there were still people who were terrified.
	And this was indeed Jerry. He had no idea of the content of the press conference at all. He only knew that Emily had come back.
	Stacy sensed that something was wrong with Jerry in an instant. She didn't know much about Emily, but he knew that there was such a person who had been pestering Jonas.
	Alice was now the general manager of the Puppet entertainment company, and protected by Colson. Her status was different from before. If Emily wanted to take revenge and investigate what had happened in the past, she would find that everything was done by him.
	Then everything he had finally obtained would disappear.
	Jerry would never allow such a thing to happen, but he didn't know what to do now.
	"Jerry!" Stacy called Jerry's name several times, but Jerry didn't respond. She couldn't help but shout out loud, and finally her chest heaved up and down.
	"What's wrong?" Jerry finally came to his senses and looked away from the screen. At this time, the video of the press conference was still playing on the iPad, on which Alice's face was so familiar.
	Her husband had been staring at another woman all the time when she was pregnant. It would be strange that she was in a good mood.
	"Stacy, I have something to tell you," Jerry said seriously. He thought that only Stacy could help him now.
	Stacy still frowned, but she was a little worried when she saw Jerry's sad face. "What's wrong?"
	"Do you still remember what happened in the police station?" said Jerry. Obviously, Stacy also thought of the time when Jerry was almost imprisoned in the police station. It had been a long time since this matter was mentioned, and she was still a little confused.
	It was not until Jerry told her what had happened that Stacy's face became serious.
	"I'm afraid she'll take revenge on me. It doesn't matter if I'm in trouble, but you and the baby..." Jerry wanted to say something but stopped on a second thought. Stacy was still surprised. When she heard Jerry mention the baby in her belly, she was caught in a dilemma.
	Now that she was pregnant, what happened in the past was just the past. Now it was fine as long as the three of them were fine.
	"I'll try to ask my father for help." Stacy put her finger on her abdomen. Her feelings were complicated. The news was too sudden.
	Hearing this, Jerry breathed a sigh of relief. As long as Stacy was still on his side, there was nothing to worry about. 
Chapter 363 Alice's Promise
	Stacy had no choice but to ask David for help. After the press conference, worried that there would be other news, Jonas didn't go back to the company, but went straight home.
	As expected, Melinda in the room alone, the phone was playing the audio of the press conference held by Emily.
	She was a little absent-minded, and even when Jonas came back, she didn't feel it.
	As he approached her step by step, he saw the disappointment, anger and sadness on her face, and his heart clenched.
	He stepped forward and held her in his arms, shouting softly, "Linda."
	Just a quick glance before, she thought it was Emily. But from the news to the press conference, although Alice repeatedly denied that she was not Emily.
	But Melinda was sure that it was Emily.
	What bothered Melinda most was the meeting between Jonas and her. Now she really had a complicated mood. She didn't know who she should believe and what the truth was.
	She really wanted to go to a place where there was no one else. She just wanted to be alone for a period of time.
	It was not until she heard another cry that she came back to her senses. When she realized that she was held by him, her whole body stiffened.
	If she had changed a little, which was noticed by Jonas, not to mention that he was so close to her.
	"Linda, I can explain it to you." He knew her too well, so he didn't tell her before he was sure that it was Emily.
	He didn't expect that Alice would suddenly come to him, and he didn't have time to tell Melinda which caused such a misunderstanding.
	After telling everything that had happened during this period of time to Melinda, Jonas comforted her at last, "it's true that Alice is Emily. But don't worry. She won't come to us. She has already investigated and knows that it's Jerry who has hurt her."
	"She will go to take revenge on Jerry." In order to set her mind at rest, Jonas repeated his words. However, after hearing what he said, Melinda still felt uneasy. Emily was not the kind of person who would give up easily.
	Although she knew that it wasn't because of her, would her love for Jonas still be the same or deeper?
	Countless guesses flashed through her mind. Thinking of what Emily had done, Melinda became anxious.
	"Emily won't come to me. What if she goes to my father? She has done such a thing before." She felt sad at the thought of her father's suffering.
	Hearing this, Jonas knew that he had still ignored something. He felt guilty, but he still made up for it in time. "I'll ask Ted to send a few people to protect dad all day long. You can rest at home to nourish the fetus, understand?"
	Said Jonas. He was worried that Melinda would make blind and disorderly conjectures, but how could he guess the pregnant woman's mind? Even so, Melinda still had many misgivings.
	There were many worries that she couldn't tell him, but she just felt very sad. Such a feeling made her a little weak.
	And the most lively thing in the outside world recently was probably why Alice and Emily looked so similar. Whether there was any special meaning of the meeting between Jonas and Alice?
	Although people in the public relations department were usually calm in disguise, and the reporters helped wash it, there were still many netizens who raised many doubts through clues.
	All in all, Alice was popular all of a sudden.
	Stacy went to ask David for help, but she didn't dare to tell the truth. She only said that Jerry was framed. Now Alice might be the Emily, and she was afraid that she would target Jerry.
	David didn't care much about Jerry. What he wanted was very simple. He wanted a place in Soaring Group through Jerry.
	And now his plan was gradually taking effect.
	"Dad, he is the person my child and I need. He can't have any accident." Seeing that his father was unmoved, Stacy had to use the child as her trump card.
	As expected, David showed a thoughtful expression.
	"I'll pay more attention to this matter. Don't go out recently when you have nothing to do." David exhorted Stacy. He knew that Emily was a tough person and it would be better for Stacy. It's better not to get his daughter involved.
	The situation in A City seemed to be peaceful, but in fact, it was undercurrent. Although many people did not know the truth, they could see some differences.
	For several times, when Jerry wanted to put David's man into the company, he was stopped by Jonas. The competition between the two became more and more intense.
	Although Alston was involved in this matter, he still helped Jerry most of the time because of David.
	For example, the person that Jerry hired today was suspicious, so Jonas stopped that. Jerry directly reported it to Alston.
	"Dad, the position you gave me is the director of the human resources department, which is specially responsible for the personnel of our company. But my brother stopped me again and again, which makes me too difficult to do and too untrustworthy."
	Said Jerry worriedly. If he failed again, David would be dissatisfied with him. Then, both sides would be unable to please.
	In his opinion, these people were all hired by David to help him, so they must be hired.
	"These people have resigned from the previous company for less than half a year. Their positions can't enter the same type of enterprises within half a year. This is the most basic rule. As the director of the human resources department, don't you understand such a simple rule?"
	With a mocking smile at the corners of his mouth, Jonas looked at Jerry and said. Jonas was not stupid. He knew that if he tried to stop Jerry, he would be scolded, but as long as he had a reason to stand firm, he could still fight back.
	Jerry's face turned pale, blue and purple. Alston swallowed back the words that he wanted to help Jerry.
	"Jerry just want to keep the talent peoples. That's it. Don't mention it again." Alston said. Jerry had no choice but to be angry.
	On the other hand, Jonas was secretly relieved, but recently he felt something was wrong.
	"Jerry, I advise you to behave yourself." Thinking of what Alice had said, Jonas warned Jerry.
	Alice gritted her teeth and swore to revenge. She would never let go of Jerry easily.
	Obviously, Jerry also understood the hidden meaning of his words. His face turned pale, but he would never allow himself to have any weakness in front of Jonas.
	"Let's wait and see." Jerry said in high spirits, and then quickly left the Chairman Office. With a smile at the corners of his mouth, Jonas just greeted Alston indifferently and followed him out of the office.
	At the same time, in the Gu's mansion, Melinda was almost crouching in front of the computer. Looking at the situation of the Mo's Home, she was worried that her father would be in trouble if she did not notice it for a while.
	The phone was put beside the computer. When it rang, it took a long time for her to react.
	It was true that she didn't contact too many people in her daily life.
	The caller ID was a strange number. For some reason, when she picked up the phone, her heart was beating wildly and her eyelids twitched.
	She had a bad feeling. She told herself not to answer the phone, but she still pressed the answer key.
	The moment she heard the voice on the phone, she regretted answering it.
	"Sorry, I haven't seen you for a long time." Emily's or Alice's laughter didn't give Melinda any sense of affinity, but made her vigilant.
	She looked like a frightened cat, which made people feel sorry for her. She tried to calm down and make her tone normal.
	"Emily Bai." She said the name word by word, as if she had used up all her strength. The person who had thought that she would disappear in this world forever, now appeared again. She felt that fate was really a joke.
	"Yes, it's me. But I hope you can call me Alice Zhang now." Emily said with a smile, but there was no friendliness in her plain and official tone.
	"Let's get to know each other again. Alice Zhang, the general manager of the Puppet entertainment company, and we will meet next time." Seeing that Melinda didn't say anything, Emily said again.
	Hearing her identity, Amelia only felt ironic.
	"Cut the crap. What do you want from me today?" Her tone was full of impatience. Melinda was very patient in front of many people in her life, except for Emily.
	In other words, all her anger and hatred in her life were given to Emily.
	"Why are you so nervous? I called you today to make a promise that I won't be entangled with the past. I'm no longer Emily, I'm Alice, and I'm determined to destroy Jerry's life."
	Emily said maliciously, but Melinda didn't believe a word of her words anymore. She would never forget how painful she had paid for her stupid trust before.
	"I want Jerry to atone for what he has done." Emily said. Hearing this, Melinda felt annoyed. As expected, the negative emotions brought by Emily were always the only. Melinda didn't want to listen to these meaningless words anymore, so she hung up the phone directly.
	Although Alice said sincerely, Melinda still felt that what she said was not credible at all. She did not believe that a person would change after he died once.
	However, Alice's phone call still affected her mood, or in other words, she could not help but start to think about those things that did not exist now.
	Would it happen in the near future? Melinda frowned and didn't feel relieved.
Chapter 364 Like Old Friends
	Sitting quietly on the bed and thinking for a long time, Melinda even had the idea of believing in Alice for once again, but in the end, it was quickly denied by her.
	Alice can't be believe!
	Holding the phone tightly with her fingers, she loosened her grip for a moment and then clenched it tightly. At last, she bit her lips and dialed the number of Jonas.
	The beep sound of the phone annoyed her a lot. After a long time, when she was about to hang up, Jonas finally answered the phone.
	"Sorry, Linda, I just went to my father's office." Jonas apologized as soon as he picked up the phone, because he had promised that he would answer the phone as soon as it was from Melinda.
	He thought for a while. If he were Melinda at this time, his heart would probably be lifted.
	"Nothing." She blamed him for not answering her phone before she heard that.
	But when she heard his voice and heard his anxious tone, all these disappeared.
	"What's wrong?" At the thought that there must be something wrong with the phone call from Melinda, Jonas was even more worried when he heard that she was fine.
	Melinda hesitated again. She pursed her lips tightly, like a lock that could not be opened. The only thing that could be unlocked was the key in her heart.
	Finally, it was opened by Jonas.
	"Alice called me just now." However, when he heard that, he frowned. Why did Emily call her! What does she want to do?
	"Did she say anything?" He asked worriedly, worrying that her mood would be affected.
	Ted was supposed to send some documents here, but when he saw the boss's expression, he left silently. He thought that the boss must be in a low mood now, so he'd better go out first. William would suffer from the boss.
	"It's just that she said she didn't care about the past and now she just wanted to take revenge on Jerry. But I don't believe what she said at all." After briefly introducing the conversation between Alice and her, she finally expressed her doubt.
	Perhaps Alice's current goal was indeed to deal with Jerry, but it was hard to say whether she aimed at Melinda in her long-term goal.
	"Don't be influenced by this matter. You just need to remember that now, you just need to stay at home to take good care of the baby. As for other things, I can handle them." Said Jonas. His voice was deep and powerful, making people feel at ease.
	It must be the voice that bewitched her. Melinda thought.
	And this bewitchment had been for so many years, or could be said to be a lifetime thing.
	The words on the phone were still a little pale. After comforting her for a long time, he finally called back to the Gu's mansion and asked the aunt to pay more attention to her.
	It was impossible for ordinary people to get Melinda's phone number. Alice must have made great efforts to get it. Jonas thought for a while and finally called her.
	"Why did you call me today?" Alice's tone was very calm, or it could be said that she had expected this. Moreover, her words were like a call from a very familiar old friend, not polite at all.
	"Did you go to see Linda today?" His eyebrows were knitted into a frown. If Melinda saw this, she might worry about him and wondered if he would get wrinkles ahead of time.
	Although his tone was just a test, Alice admitted it frankly and told him a series of words she had said, which just want to make Melinda feel at ease.
	"I won't pursue your real purpose, but I advise you not to have any improper thoughts, especially on Linda!" Jonas warned. No wonder that Linda thought too much about it, when she saw Emily's attitude.
	Alice didn't care about his warning at all. She was even in the mood to tell a joke, but her heart was full of dissatisfaction.
	She didn't expect that after so long, he was still so nervous about Melinda.
	How could she not make good use of it?
	At this time, the door of his office was closed. Ted was sneaking away. He just went out for business. He didn't expect to meet Jerry who in a bad tone.
	If Ted had a good impression on Jerry, Ted would definitely lose his memory and be an idiot.
	The first thought in Ted's mind was to avoid him. 'If I couldn't provoke him, I could still avoid him.' But at this time, another person appeared, a person he had only heard of and met once.
	It was Yulia's boyfriend!
	As the most capable assistant of Jonas, Ted knew everything about his relationship with his sister. Even the boyfriend of his sister who Ted didn't talk much with, Ted was still remembering him.
	But why were these two people together?
	Feeling something was wrong, he quietly followed the two people. The two people were very close, not like the first time they met. The distance was too far, and Ted could not hear what they were talking about at all.
	In order not to expose himself, he had to hide in the dark and took a few photos.
	After the meeting, the two of them communicated and didn't know what to say. Anyway, Ted thought that it was definitely not something good.
	Seeing that he couldn't hear anything, Ted gave up. At this time, when he saw the message on his phone, he realized that he was out for business!
	When Ted went back to the CEO Office after he was worn out and brutally ravaged, he also saw that William had a sad face. When the two met, the whole office fell into a dull atmosphere.
	"You are getting more and more efficient." William looked at Ted and said. He had not come back for a long time, which caused William's workload to double in an instant. William, who hadn't been relaxed for a long time, only felt that she was almost exhausted and paralyzed.
	"I'm so sorry that you suffered a lot." Pretending to be good friends, Ted patted William on the shoulder. Thinking of what he had seen today, he went straight to the office of Jonas.
	As expected, Jonas was in a bad mood. When Ted told him what he had seen today, his face darkened.
	Kevin felt helpless. He also felt a little sorry for his boss. This matter was really troublesome. It hadn't been settled yet, but the other arrived.
	It never occurred to Jonas that Yulia's boyfriend knew Jerry. He thought it was ridiculous, but he knew that Ted was not that kind of careless person. It could only be said that there might be another trick in it.
	"Well, you can go to work now." Said Bob. Then he put aside all his work, closed his eyes and leaned against the back of the chair, thinking quietly.
	All of this was so chaotic that his thoughts became a little chaotic. These things seemed to be irrelevant, but they were like one after another.
	It seemed that he was walking on thin ice, Jonas was worried that he might break into pieces and fall into the zero degree space.
	He dialed Queena's number with the telephone in his office. Yulia met her boyfriend when she was brought to the banquet by Queena. Maybe his mother knew something.
	At this moment, Jonas could only comfort himself in this way. Queena answered the phone very quickly, and it was a little noisy on her side, as if she was playing cards with someone.
	"What's wrong?" Queena had been playing cards with these ladies for the past two days, and her head began to ache. It could be said that the call from Jonas saved her at this time.
	"Mommy, does Yulia's boyfriend know Jerry?" Queena was confused.
	She had been feeling dizzy, and now she was even more dizzy. Why he talk about the relationship between Yulia, her boyfriend and Jerry?
	"I don't know. She hooked up with him at the party." Queena answered after thinking for a while. She didn't introduce this man to Yulia, and he ruined her plan at that time, so she was not in the mood to know more about him.
	But his sudden question made her a little worried. She quickly asked, "is her boyfriend suspicious? What happened?"
	The peaceful situation in this period of time made Queena feel that it was just on the surface, and the appearance of Alice also made Queena very worried.
	But she couldn't show it in front of Melinda, or it would easily affect her mood.
	Seeing that his mother didn't know, Jonas couldn't ask more. His mother had been worried about him these days, so he didn't want her to worry about him anymore.
	"Nothing. Just a question." Said Jonas with a smile, but Queena felt something was wrong. If he was really fine, why did he call her specially, and it was from the office landline.
	Usually, Jonas would call her with his private phone, and the landline phone could only prove one thing that he was worried about something, so he couldn't think about too many tiny things, such as what to use to make a phone call, and what to use as convenient as possible.
	However, Queena didn't want to say anything, and she didn't want to make things difficult for them. Their children had grown up and had their own thoughts. As parents, they could only help as they could, and the children didn't need them to worry too much about the trouble.
	With this in mind, Queena didn't ask more about what had happened to him. She chatted casually for a while and hung up the phone.
	There had been too many things happening recently, and he had changed a lot. When he returned home, he often lost in thought, which had never happened before.
	Looking at him, Melinda felt that there was something wrong with him, but she didn't know. She wanted to say something but stopped on a second thought. At last, she fell into silence.
	Like Queena, she believed in him and waited for him to tell her what made him so sad.
Chapter 365 Pay Attention To Yulia
	However, Jonas, as a person who had always been depressed and endured everything by himself, she was also very anxious about that.
	She had been like this before, and she had forced herself lead to have mental problems. She was worried that Jonas would be the same as her, although she knew that he was not that fragile.
	"Jon, is there anything wrong with the company recently?" Melinda couldn't help but ask. Recently, Jonas had spent less and less time with her. She felt a little uncomfortable. But she didn't want to see him so tired.
	During this period of time, Jonas had some grey hair. He was still handsome, but he was getting older and older.
	What she wanted to see was a vigorous man, not a man as busy and exhausted as he was now.
	"Not bad." Jonas said, but he began to tidy himself up. He was very rigorous on business, and his clothes must be neat and formal. So basically, his wardrobe was filled with suits and shirts, and occasionally some sportswear. If there was a special exception, it must be chosen by Melinda.
	As for the clothes chosen by Melinda, he would not refuse, but he seldom wore them.
	With a hint of dissatisfaction and grievance in her eyes, she walked up to him with her hands on her waist. Finally, she asked in a charming voice, "are you going to the company again?"
	Seeing the tiredness on her face, Jonas finally stopped what he was doing and walked up to hold her. He said worriedly, "you're getting heavier and heavier now. If there's nothing else, you'd better walk less."
	Speaking of this, Jonas paused. Thinking that pregnant women still needed to exercise, he said, "I'll ask aunt to take you for a walk when the weather is good outside."
	"Don't you accompany me and our child?" There was a little resentment in her heart, but the on her lovely face almost melted his heart.
	He couldn't help hugging her, but he was still very careful, because of her bigger and bigger belly.
	He also wanted to spend more time with her, but he knew clearly that the more important goal now was to drive away these people who would threaten her and the child.
	"I'm sorry. I have a lot of things to deal with recently." A gentle kiss fell on her hair, like a dragonfly skimming the water. However, the warmth that hadn't been seen for a long time still made her heart beat fast.
	She knew that maybe she was making trouble out of nothing, but she hoped that her behavior could let go of those worries and make him stay with her attentively.
	She would try her best not to bother him.
	"Linda, you'd better stay at home to nourish the fetus. If you have time, pay attention to what Yulia does at home." Said Jonas. Then he remembered what Melinda had told him that Yulia went to father's study furtively.
	The study was a forbidden area. For Jonas, no one could enter his study at home without his permission, except for Melinda.
	It was normal for them to come in and out frequently, but it was strange for Yulia.
	Looking up at the more serious look on Jonas's face, Melinda sensed something.
	She nodded and didn't pester him anymore. Somehow, she felt heavy in her heart. She thought something might have happened recently.
	All this was just a calm before the storm. Some small things made her more and more nervous.
	Such a peaceful life was really attractive.
	Melinda sat on the sofa uneasily. Outside the room, there was the sound of the car engine leaving. The living room was quiet. Only a few servants passed by occasionally, but they were all busy with their own affairs.
	Looking at this, she felt that this simple life was also a kind of happiness.
	Being kicked by the baby in her belly, Melinda couldn't help smiling. Fortunately, the baby was with her, but she hoped that everything would be fine.
	Melinda stood up with the help of the sofa and was about to go upstairs to have a rest, but she saw a figure quickly walking over on the second floor. It seemed that he was avoiding someone.
	Suddenly, something occurred to Melinda. She walked much faster. The only person who could appear upstairs at this time was Yulia.
	The servants in the house would not go upstairs easily, only in the morning when they were cleaning and calling the master for dinner. The clothes of servants was black and white, and the figure just now was pink.
	In this family, it's Yulia who favorite pink dress most!
	Melinda held the stairs and went upstairs. She felt it was difficult, which made her anxious but dare not go too fast. When she finally went to the second floor, she heard a strange sound from the study of Alston.
	Just like last time, she frowned and became more and more suspicious.
	Now all the servants in the house were downstairs. Instead of being as scared as last time, she walked directly to the study.
	There was a sound of searching for something in the study. Different from last time, the door was tightly closed, but a ray of light came out from the gap.
	Without a second thought, Melinda, pushed open the door of the study, and the scene inside suddenly appeared in front of her. Yulia bent over and looked for something in the small cabinet of the desk, looking nervous.
	The light in the study was cold color, and it was particularly obvious on her face at this time. Melinda could even see the cold sweat on her face.
	The door of the study was opened, and Yulia looked up in panic. Seeing that Melinda was standing outside with her hands on her waist, tension and viciousness flashed through Yulia's eyes.
	She put down the document in her hand in a hurry and tried to calm herself down. She asked in a trembling voice, "Melinda, why are you here?"
	Seeing that her eyes were fixed on the documents that she had read, Yulia explained, "Father asked me to look for some documents, but I was so stupid that I couldn't understand the names of these documents at all."
	Yulia seemed that she was calm, but in Melinda's eyes, she was too flustered.
	The cold sweat on her face was even dripping more and more.
	The look in Melinda's eyes was so clear that it seemed to be able to see through people's heart. In the past, what Yulia was most afraid of was to look into her eyes, but now it was still the same.
	She looked down at the carpet almost quickly and didn't want to look at Melinda.
	Seeing the current situation, Melinda felt that it was not appropriate for her to have a dispute with Yulia. She nodded and continued, "Have you found the document? Do you need help? "
	A friendly and gentle smile even appeared on her face. Seeing that Melinda believed it, Yulia breathed a heavy sigh of relief. Yulia thought it was a good opportunity for herself because Jonas was going to the company today, but she forgot that Melinda was at home.
	But fortunately, Melinda was a fool and easily cheated. Yulia thought.
	Moreover, as a pregnant woman, Yulia did not think she could cause much harm to herself.
	"No, thanks. You must be tired now. You can't to bend down to find something. It's not good for the baby to be hurt. Let me help you out." Yulia just wanted to leave the study as soon as possible. One more minute would make her difficult to breathe.
	It seemed that she had to choose the time when Melinda was not at home in the future. But Melinda will at home for too long.
	"Don't you look for it?" Melinda still asked with a smile, but followed her steps out of the study. She didn't want to stay in the same confined space with Yulia at all.
	There were servants outside. She knew that Yulia must have scruples whatever she wanted to do.
	"It's too hard to find. There is a pile of English that I can't understand at all. Let dad find it by himself." Yulia pretended to be distressed and sent her to the stairway. Coincidentally, he saw the aunt looking for something anxiously. When she saw her, she breathed a sigh of relief.
	"I just gave you a cup of milk powder. Why are you missing? My lady." The aunt looked at Melinda anxiously and helped her. At once, Yuli was pushed aside.
	Both of them breathed a sigh of relief.
	"Auntie will take care of me. You can go back and have a rest." Melinda friendly said to Yulia. She didn't mention what happened just now, and even thanked her for taking care of herself.
	Yulia nodded and then turned to the other side of the corridor, where her bedroom was. The moment she returned to the bedroom and closed the door, she gasped.
	It was too dangerous just now, but at that moment, she had the idea to destroy Melinda directly.
	She leaned against the door and raised her hands. At this time, her delicate hands were trembling.
	When Melinda returned to her bedroom, she thought of what had happened today and what had happened between them. She felt that there was a faint connection between them. Full of doubts, she waited for Jonas.
	Jonas came back home a long time later than usual, and Melinda's was half sleepy. She barely opened her eyes when she saw him.
	"Go to sleep if you are sleepy. Why are you stay up late?" Seeing her like this, Jonas frowned and said in a rare fierce tone. Melinda shrugged her shoulders and then whispered, "I didn't."
	It was twelve o'clock now. In young people's eyes. Perhaps it was night life had just begun, but it was too late for the pregnant woman.
	"By the way, Jon, I have something to tell you. Today, Yulia went to father's study again and was looking for some documents." At this time, she finally came to her senses and realized why she had waited for him so late.
	"Yulia said that father asked her to look for the documents, but I don't believe it at all. Yulia doesn't know anything about these things. How could father ask for her help?" Melinda felt that it was more normal for Alston to ask for Gavin's help than to ask Yulia. 
Chapter 366 Don't Be Cold
	What Melinda said was also what Jonas thought. He remembered that his father was still in the study when he went upstairs, so he said to Melinda, "I'll tell father. Don't worry about it."
	At this moment, Jonas was a little regretful to let Melinda keep an eye on Yulia. But in this family, the only person he could trust with all his heart and soul was Melinda.
	Melinda also thought that he could ask Alston for the truth. It was inevitable for her to be a little embarrassed. Moreover, Melinda had a lot of scruples about Alston because of the matter of Jerry.
	"Okay, go ahead," said Melinda. She yawned sleepily, then consciously lay on the bed and closed her eyes.
	In fact, Melinda's idea was very simple. As long as Jonas were there, everything would be fine.
	He was her greatest comfort.
	After Melinda fell asleep completely, Jonas turned around and went downstairs. The light in Alston's study was still on. He didn't close the door as usual, and there was some cold light in it, which made him look more indifferent.
	Although Alston was dealing with something, he was still very sensitive to the changes around him. When Jonas appeared at the door of the study, he quickly looked up and saw him. Then he lowered his head and continued to deal with his own business.
	This was the normal behavior when the two of them got along with each other.
	Jonas had been used to it. Seeing that the man didn't say anything, he pushed the door open and walked in directly. The style of the study was somewhat cold and hard, but it was very similar to that of Alston. He randomly found a seat and sat down. Looking at the man in front of the desk, he began to hesitate whether to speak or not.
	However, before Jonas had a chance to hesitate for a long time, Alston stopped his work and walked to his opposite seat.
	Looking at the expression on Jonas's face, Alston was a little proud, but more dissatisfied. He couldn't explain why he was dissatisfied.
	"Did you ask Yulia to take the documents for you today?" said Jonas straightforwardly. He maintained the most basic respect for Alston, but when he thought of what he had done, his attitude was inevitably a little different.
	But Alston was used to this kind of treatment and didn't think it was a big deal.
	"What does Yulia know?" Alston snorted. Although she was his daughter, she was invisible at home and in the company.
	Fortunately, she was just a woman.
	Hearing this, Jonas knew that Alston didn't know about it. So, if Yulia came to the study, she must help others find something. Who could it be?
	Her boyfriend, or Jerry?
	Jonas frowned, feeling that this matter was getting more and more complicated.
	"I don't know what Yulia is looking for in your study these times. Dad, you'd better be careful. Her boyfriend seems to be very familiar with Jerry." Jonas thought it was necessary to remind his father, but he didn't expect that Alston ignored what he said.
	The atmosphere in the room became dull. Alston didn't say anything, and so did Jonas.
	After a long time, Alston said, "If you don't have anything else to do, you can go out first. Don't come here again if you have nothing else to do,"
	Alston said indifferently. He didn't seem to hear Jonas's warning, but thought it was a trick.
	His indifferent attitude made Jonas a little uncomfortable, but he could endure it, but Queena couldn't.
	As long as she mentioned Jerry, how could she stand the attitude of Alston towards Jonas?
	She didn't sleep well at night. The sound of Jonas going downstairs happened to be heard. She wanted to see what was going on between the two, but she didn't expect to see this scene.
	The sudden appearance of Queena surprised the two, but the expression on Alston's face didn't change at all.
	Jonas wanted to stop his mother, but he had no choice but to step aside.
	"Alston, you don't have to be so cold to Jonas. He has grown up and doesn't need your hypocrisy at all. It's just that he is softhearted and reminds you to be careful of villains."
	Thinking of the indifferent attitude of Alston, she became much angrier.
	Seeing this, Jonas couldn't help but sigh in his heart. It seemed that his parents were going to quarrel again.
	As expected, when the two of them were at odds, they easily began to quarrel again. The topic was always a few, but the two of them were constantly quarreling.
	Watching this, Jonas felt that he had no chance to interfere in it at all. He had done what he should say and do, and his father could do whatever he thought.
	At last, Queena left the study angrily, but no one knew what was going on with Alston.
	The Gu's mansion was once again restless because of Jerry, and at this time, Jerry's heart was also fluctuating. At this time, he unexpectedly received a call from Alice.
	The voice on the phone was very familiar. Thinking of the photo about Alice on the Internet, which was exactly the same as that of Emily, Jerry was frightened.
	Beside him, Stacy was still sleeping. After Stacy was pregnant, she was drowsy. At this time, she had fallen asleep, but was disturbed by the ringtone. She muttered with dissatisfaction and fell asleep again.
	Jerry left the bedroom on tiptoe and went to the living room outside to answer the phone. Alice was patient and didn't speak for such a long time.
	"What do you want from me?" Finally, Jerry opened his mouth to speak, but there was a trace of fear in his voice. In his heart, Emily was already dead. When he spoke to her at this time, he always had a feeling that he had been haunted.
	In fact, at this moment, what Jerry wanted to ask the most was whether she was Emily or not.
	This was simply a knot in his heart. Thinking of this question, Jerry felt that the air around him began to turn cold. He quietly tightened his robe.
	"Let's meet outside," Alice said in a careless tone, but her eyes were full of danger. Thinking of the file she had seen in the police station and everything that Jerry had done, she wanted him to taste all the hardships she had suffered.
	Jerry subconsciously raised his head and looked at the clock on the wall. It was already twelve o'clock. It was really not early. Alice asked him out at this time, which made him more careful.
	"Now?" Jerry asked incredulously, but Alice covered her mouth and laughed. Then she said indifferently, "Right, now."
	It was interesting to meet at this time, wasn't it?
	After hesitating for a few seconds, Jerry finally agreed. He really wanted to get an answer because he was confused.
	And only Alice could tell him the answer. And ever since he watched the news, he had tried to get Alice's phone number, but in the end, he failed.
	This person seemed to appear out of nowhere, but in Jerry's heart, he had long believed that this was Emily.
	So he had prepared in advance, but it didn't matter. With David protecting him, Alice wouldn't dare to be too arrogant.
	With this in mind, Jerry agreed to meet her. Without hesitation, Emily sent the address directly to him, which was a club owned by the Puppet entertainment company.
	He was a little scared to go to other people's place like this, but finally he changed his clothes. After confirming that Stacy was asleep, he quietly left the bedroom.
	The club was very lively at this time. As soon as Jerry entered, someone came to lead the way. It was obvious that Alice had told him to do so.
	Alice was alone in a big box. The light was dim, and there were a lot of beer on the table. The music was quietly playing, but no one was singing.
	Jerry pushed the door open and walked in. He felt strange when he saw Alice pouring a glass of wine for him.
	"Friend, you are late. Punish yourself," Alice said with a smile. Jerry frowned and drank three glasses of wine silently.
	This was the basic punishment for being late.
	Jerry was good at drinking, but he didn't know what Alice ordered today. He had only drunk three glasses of wine, which made him a little drunk.
	"Come on, let me toast you." Seeing this, Alice's smile became brighter. She knew that Jerry would never refuse her.
	She had specially prepared this wine for Jerry. She wasn't afraid that he wouldn't get drunk.
	In a daze, Jerry didn't know how much he had drunk, but he had a bad feeling the moment he fell down.
	It seemed that he had fallen into a trap, which was specially designed for him by Emily.
	After Jerry got drunk, the box became lively. Many people instantly walked in, and a group of people who worked together carried Jerry to the lounge upstairs.
	"Everything is ready?" Alice asked worriedly, seeing that those people nodded sincerely, and then one of them said, "As long as he is here."
	Everything was ready, except for Jerry. Alice nodded and followed them upstairs. There were many VIP lounges provided for distinguished guests upstairs, and Alice was qualified to do so.
	In the lounge, there were not only Jerry, but also several girls who were scantily clad.
	Seeing this, Alice was very satisfied. Then she said to them, "Take good care of him. I'll come to get something later."
	This was not an ordinary care. The girls instantly understood. The experienced ones had been very calm, but those newbies could not help blushing and their hearts beating.
Chapter 367 Being Schemed
	Alice knew that there were many experienced people here who knew the rules, so she didn't worry much. She left the lounge after seeing that everything was ready.
	The corridor outside the lounge was very dark, and the looming cigarette butt in Alice's fingers was obvious.
	Compared to the desolation outside, the lounge was very lively. Several girls, who were scantily dressed, surrounded Jerry, with a seducing expression on their faces.
	"Well, don't just sit there any longer. Let's start working," one of them clapped her hands and said. The others also calmed down when they thought of their purpose of coming here today.
	Many girls surrounded Jerry, making all kinds of alluring postures beside him, and asked him to cooperate. Not far away, someone had filmed all of this scene.
	The photographer didn't forget to direct these people to do something, and then make them look more intimate with each other. In the drunken state, Jerry knew nothing about it.
	When everything was over, the group of people left. The woman who took the photo was satisfied and took the camera in her hand to look for Emily outside.
	Emily was still smoking, and the ground was covered with a lot of cigarette ash. Smoking was forbidden in this place, but no one stopped her.
	"Here you are. Have a look." The woman put the camera on a shelf casually, and Alice put the cigarette case on it. Then she picked up the camera and began to observe. The smile at the corners of her mouth became more and more evil.
	"That's it. I'll transfer the money to you later," Alice said and left with the camera.
	Jerry was left in the lounge. Alice immediately sent these photos to Stacy. She was looking forward to what would happen to Jerry, who relied on his wife to get his current status.
	Stacy had been nourishing her fetus at home these days. She noticed that there was something wrong with Jerry, but she had no choice but to ask her father for help.
	She had a light sleep at night, and she couldn't sleep well after pregnancy, especially at night when she felt the baby was very noisy.
	In a daze, she heard her phone ringing. She didn't want to answer it, but it kept ringing, which made her a little irritable.
	She touched the side and wanted to let Jerry turn off the phone, but she felt a chill.
	Stacy opened her eyes in an instant and turned on the bedside lamp. There was no sign of Jerry, which made him feel strange.
	She picked up her phone and looked for him outside the bedroom, but he was nowhere to be found. Stacy became much angrier.
	When she was about to call Jerry, her phone rang again. Someone sent her more than ten messages in the evening. Stacy was unhappy and wanted to scold someone at this time.
	However, when she saw the content of the message, she was silent.
	The man she was looking for was lying next to several women, being indulged in dissipation and enjoyment. Stacy's chest heaved sharply. At last, she called Jerry, but no one answered.
	In the lounge of the club, Jerry was lying on the bed, his clothes a little messy. The phone beside him kept vibrating, but he didn't wake up at all.
	Stacy made three calls in a row, but no one answered. She angrily threw her phone out.
	The moment the phone fell on the ground, a crisp sound was heard.
	"Well done, Jerry," Stacy said through gritted teeth. It seemed that all men in the world were the same. They would cheat on their wife.
	No matter what they said before marriage, it will be the same after marriage, especially when women were pregnant, they would go out to find someone else.
	Stacy sat on the sofa, staring at the photos on the screen. The more she looked at them, the angrier she became.
	At this time, she really wanted her father to find someone to look for Jerry, but she didn't want him to worry about her. Stacy finally understood why so many people said that the man who loved a woman most was only her father.
	Thinking of her father's dissuasion and her willfulness, Stacy felt a little sad.
	She had been sitting alone in the living room for the whole night. The next morning, rubbing his head after hangover, Jerry went home with a painful head.
	When he saw Stacy sitting on the sofa, his heart jolted and he had a bad feeling.
	"Honey, why are you sitting here?" Jerry said tentatively. As he approached, he saw Stacy's long face.
	Thinking of the group of women in the photos, Stacy felt sick when she heard Jerry call her intimately.
	"Where have you been?" Stacy asked directly. She loved this man, so she still held the last hope, hoping that he could give her a satisfactory answer.
	As long as he was honest and told her the reason, she would believe that maybe those photos were fake. Stacy began to find excuses for each other.
	Therefore, she missed the flash of panic in Jerry's eyes. Jerry was a little upset because he was not sure when Stacy woke up.
	But in the end, he still maintained calm and said, "I had a nightmare yesterday and couldn't fall asleep. I was afraid that I would wake you up, so I went out for a walk."
	Jerry thought that if he said so, maybe he could get Stacy's care and forget about it.
	But today, he had obviously underestimated the seriousness of the matter. With a sneer, Stacy took out those photos and put them in front of Jerry. She said with a little sarcasm, "Then tell me how you went out for a walk and ended up with several women."
	Jerry was completely drunk last night. Looking at these photos, he was completely confused. Thinking of Stacy's questioning tone, he felt a little unhappy. "You don't believe me or you don't believe yourself? Why do you believe these fake photos?"
	"Fake photos. Let's talk about it after you smell the perfume on your body," Stacy said angrily. She didn't notice it just now, so she didn't smell it either. At this time, she smelled the obvious perfume from Jerry.
	The phone, which had just been picked up, was once again smashed into the body of Jerry by Stacy. After saying this angrily, she turned around and went back to her bedroom.
	She didn't want to talk to the man outside at all.
	She had always trusted her own feelings. How proud she was before, and how frustrated she was now.
	Standing in the living room, Jerry rubbed his uncomfortable head and gradually became sober. He finally remembered something.
	Last night, Alice asked him to go out for a drink. He wanted to ask her if she was Emily, but he didn't expect that he was so bad at drinking last night.
	Jerry suddenly realized that something was wrong.
	All this was like a trap. Thinking of this, he quickly ran to the bedroom, trying to explain everything to Stacy.
	Alice seemed to be against him, so she was most likely to be Emily. If that was the case, then the only person he could rely on now was Stacy.
	The bedroom's door was tightly closed, and there was even a slight sob inside. Jerry crazily knocked on the door and said anxiously, "Honey, those are all fake. It's Emily who is plotting against me.
	Stacy, please trust me. I only have you." As he spoke, he began to play pitiful again.
	However, Stacy was different from before. No matter what happened this time, she would not be softhearted. Jerry had no choice.
	Stacy had always been on his side. He was used to coaxing Stacy with a few sweet words, but this time, he seemed to have crossed the line.
	The two of them fell into a cold war. Thinking that he had been framed by Alice, Jerry went to look for Alice again. He couldn't get through, so he went straight to the Puppet entertainment company.
	When he arrived at the door, he sent a message to warn Alice to see him, or he would make a scene at the door if she didn't show up.
	He had a way to make Alice in trouble. Emily knew Jerry well and knew he could do that. She finally answered the phone and told him to meet at the old place.
	The old place was naturally the club last night. Compared with the lively scene last night, it was a little quiet this morning. But there were still some people coming in and out. It could be seen that the business here was very good.
	Jerry kept an eye on what had happened last night, so he didn't try the things here easily. As for Alice, she was wearing a wine red suit, looking very capable.
	The color was old-fashioned, but when she wore it, it felt like she was walking on a T stage with a handbag and a stiletto.
	Seeing this, Jerry increasingly felt that this was Emily.
	"Well, what do you want from me?" Alice walked to Jerry's side and casually threw her bag aside. The bartender was already familiar with her, so he directly served her a glass of daily wine.
	"Are you Emily or not? You did what happened last night, didn't you?" Jerry opened his mouth and questioned. His vicious eyes were like a viper staring at Emily, making her feel sick all over.
	But at the same time, Alice felt a sense of fear. She realized that she was too arrogant. She thought that Jerry didn't dare to do anything to her, but she forgot that Jerry had no bottom line. If he really wanted to do something, no one could stop him.
	Even though she had a high position, she was now awkward. The smile at the corners of Jerry's mouth became more and more arrogant. He repeated, "Tell me, are you Emily?"
	If she was really that woman, since he had the ability to make her die once, and he would have a way to make her die a second time.
	Jerry thought to himself. Alice hadn't opened her mouth for a long time. When they were in such a stalemate, someone suddenly broke in and broke the silence. 
Chapter 368 Shame
	Alice seemed to see the hope of her own life when she saw the man. The woman who behaved like a queen just now immediately approached the man with a sweet voice, "Daddy."
	The man was Colson. He happened to have something to do with his friend in the club today. Then he heard that Alice came here to meet a man.
	He couldn't wait to look for her, but he found that there was something wrong with the atmosphere here.
	"Mr. Zhang." The moment Jerry saw Colson, his expression became unnatural. He couldn't afford to offend him, so he had to be careful.
	Jerry once again regretted that he didn't have any real power. What was the use of a director of the human affairs department? In the eyes of these big shots, he was still so humble.
	These people were willing to associate with people who had the same decision-making power as them.
	"Who are you?" Colson looked at Jerry with disdain. Although he was old, he had a good memory. If he had met someone who was young and promising, he would definitely remember him. But he really didn't remember Jerry.
	Alice looked at them with a mocking smile on her face. Colson was her greatest backer now, and Jerry wouldn't dare to do anything to her.
	"Daddy, this man always asks me if I'm Emily. It's really annoying," Emily said and rubbed her body against Colson's. They didn't look like a father and a daughter at all, but the people in the club were not surprised at all.
	On the other hand, when Jerry saw the coquettish Alice, he felt depressed, but could not say anything.
	Alice was taken away by Colson under his watch. Jerry was at a loss and stood still.
	At the same time, the more Stacy thought about it at home, the more aggrieved she felt. She couldn't be with a man like Jerry because of a child.
	She wanted to abort the baby and stop thinking about it.
	Before Stacy knew Jerry, she was a straightforward person, so she could become friends with Jessica. Therefore, at this time, after making a decision, she decisively went to the hospital.
	When Stacy opened the door and saw that Jerry was no longer outside, her heart sank.
	At first, Stacy was a little hesitant, but now she made up her mind. She took the car key and drove directly to the nearest hospital.
	If one looked carefully, one would find that her hands were trembling, and there were even tears in the corners of her eyes.
	Stacy also didn't want to leave the baby in her belly, but Jerry's attitude and behavior made her feel scared. She thought of what many people around her had said, and didn't want the baby to become the last concern.
	When Stacy arrived at the hospital, she was almost in a calm mood. To her surprise, when she walked into the hall of the hospital, she saw Melinda and Jonas not far away.
	Melinda's baby was a little older than hers, and she was even more frightening when she walked. Stacy touched her belly and felt a little reluctant to leave.
	Jonas had been with Melinda all the time. It was hard to imagine how cold he was.
	He just gave all his tenderness to a woman called Melinda.
	The happy love between the two made Stacy envious. Before this, she had thought that Melinda was just a poor girl who could get everything because of her child.
	But when Stacy saw this scene, she realized how naive she was and how silly she was in the past.
	If a man didn't really love a woman, he would not let her carry his own child. If one did, he would probably have such a purpose like Jerry.
	For a moment, Stacy felt sad again. Looking at other people's happiness, she felt like stabbing a knife in her heart. She couldn't bear it anymore and looked away.
	Feeling strange, Melinda turned around and saw Stacy. She pulled Jonas's arm and asked him to help her walk over.
	Melinda was not familiar with Stacy, but as a pregnant woman, her relationship with her was subtle. After thinking for a while, she called her Mrs. Xi.
	Although Jerry seemed to have gained a firm foothold in the Gu family, his surname hadn't changed so far. It was embarrassing to say that. In the past, Stacy would definitely feel uncomfortable. But today, she really wanted Melinda to call her Miss Wang as before.
	"It's really you." Hearing Stacy's answer, Melinda realized that she didn't recognize the wrong person. She smiled and looked at her belly.
	After all, the baby in Stacy's belly and the baby in her belly were cousins.
	The gentle and happy smile of Melinda made Stacy feel sad again. At last, she said with self-mockery, "It's not a prenatal check-up, so I don't need so many people to accompany me."
	She came here today only to have an abortion. If her father knew it, he would definitely stop her.
	Hearing this, Melinda frowned in confusion. Thinking about the relationship between the two, she didn't know whether she should ask or not. At last, Jonas said coldly, "It's not the antenatal examination? Then what it is? An abortion?"
	It was not that Jonas had a sharp tongue, but just a casual remark. When Melinda was about to scold Jonas, she found that Stacy's expression became strange.
	She smiled, but it made people feel very uncomfortable. Then she said something that shocked Melinda, "Yes, an abortion."
	"Are you kidding me?" Melinda said with difficulty, but she was a little shocked when she saw that Stacy was not joking at all.
	Because she had lost her child, she knew how precious the child was. Although she didn't know what Stacy had experienced, Melinda felt that it was necessary for her to do something to stop her.
	Astonishment was also written all over Jonas's face. He exchanged a glance with Melinda and read her mind.
	It was not his fault to be cruel, but he believed that if Stacy had an abortion, it would be the most beneficial to his own situation.
	But at the same time, he knew that Melinda didn't want to see him ignore other people's lives for his own interests like Jerry, especially the child's.
	Melinda wanted to say something, but she felt that she had no stand. She became a little anxious. Then her eyes lit up and she thought of a person.
	She took out her phone from her handbag and called Jessica, but no one answered the phone. At last, her agent answered the phone.
	"Please tell her that I have something urgent to talk to her. It's a matter of life and death, please," Melinda said anxiously. Jessica's agent had heard about Melinda several times, so she didn't dare to delay.
	She asked the director group to stop shooting and found Jessica. Then she told her about the hospital's condition and that Melinda asked her to come here as soon as possible.
	Hearing this, Jessica's face turned pale with fright. She asked Melinda to stop Stacy. She would arrive soon and hung up the phone in a hurry.
	The agent didn't dare to let Jessica drive because she noticed that she didn't look good. She arranged a driver for her and accompanied her to calm her down.
	Jessica thought it was better not to tell David about it. Finally, she couldn't help calling Jerry and scolded him. Jerry had been trapped between Alice and Colson, but now he was shocked when he heard it.
	He didn't expect the situation to be so serious. Without thinking anything, he rushed to the hospital.
	In the hospital, Melinda stopped Stacy from letting her go to the doctor's office. They chatted awkwardly all the time. Looking at the hurried Jessica, Melinda finally breathed a sigh of relief.
	In fact, Stacy also knew why Melinda did this, but she finally agreed with her. After checking Stacy from head to toe, Jessica felt relieved.
	"What are you thinking about? You wanted to marry him. How can you just abandon the child?" Jessica couldn't help blaming her, but her eyes were full of worry.
	It was not until last night that Stacy realized that her friend, Jessica, always cared about her from a clear point of view.
	Seeing that Jessica was here, Melinda took the initiative to stand aside. Seeing that she was comforting Stacy, she gradually calmed down.
	After a while, Jerry arrived in a hurry. Seeing that Stacy was fine, he breathed a sigh of relief, "Stacy, I'm sorry. It was my fault yesterday, but we shouldn't hurt our child, okay? Let's go home and talk about it, okay?" Jerry said in a soft voice, almost putting down all his dignity. Stacy, who had just calmed down, exploded again when she saw Jerry.
	"I'm going to have an abortion today." Pointing at her belly, Stacy said angrily and aggrievedly.
	At the sight of Jerry, Melinda and Jonas turned around and left. Jessica wanted to say something, but finally sighed and watched the two quarreling.
	"Stacy, I beg you to keep the baby. I can explain to you what happened yesterday. I promise that I only love you. I didn't do anything outside. It was just an accident yesterday. I was framed..." Jerry nagged, almost begging Stacy to keep the baby.
	There were a lot of sweet words. Many people gathered around. Jerry put his dignity in the dust, and Stacy finally softened her heart.
	"Take good care of her." Jessica still felt that Jerry was unreliable. Jerry promised her sincerely, and then Stacy and Jerry returned home.
	Although they seemed to be harmonious with each other on the surface, Jerry was already full of anger. Especially when he thought that Jonas knew that the two of them were at odds with each other, he became more agitated.
	All the feelings between him and Stacy were dissipated because of these shaming things. 
Chapter 369 Act The Heroine
	When the two of them returned home, Stacy had a smile on her face, but Jerry's face was very gloomy. He thought of his recent grievance.
	At the thought of the anger he had suffered in front of David because of Stacy and the fact that he had been framed up and Stacy was going to make trouble, he was even angrier.
	After Stacy fell asleep, Jerry couldn't help but go to the living room. He took out a pack of cigarettes from his pocket. He hadn't smoked for a long time since Stacy was pregnant.
	He also drank as less as possible. It was a rare thing for Jerry to do this for someone else.
	But Stacy's performance made him very dissatisfied.
	He felt that his temper had reached a critical point and was about to explode, but unfortunately, he had not achieved all his goals yet, so he had to endure it.
	There were more and more cigarette butts in the ashtray, and Jerry was enveloped in smoke.
	He had to speed up his pace and get the company of Alston as soon as possible. After he got the real power, he didn't have to be controlled by Stacy and didn't need to care about these trifles of engagement.
	While Jerry was plotting in his mind, Stacy was sleeping in the bedroom. Thought of Jerry's attitude towards her and her child, his anxious explanation, and those sweet words, Stacy believed once again that Jerry still loved her and her child.
	In the hospital, after leaving, Melinda and Jonas began to look for a doctor. The chief physician had been checking the condition of Melinda and the child all the time. Jonas had informed them in advance, so Melinda didn't need to waste time in the line.
	Compared with the last examination, Melinda's belly was much bigger. The doctor couldn't help teasing her. The pregnant woman's belly was like a balloon.
	The result of the examination came out very soon. Both of them were very healthy, and Melinda would not lack any elements as before. Hearing this, Melinda was finally relieved. She touched the baby in her belly, and the smile at the corners of her mouth became much gentler.
	Seeing this, Jonas felt that there was a motherly glory in Melinda's temperament. As a mother, she was strong. Although Melinda was soft, she would become strong when it came to the child.
	The baby was getting bigger and bigger, and it was close to the expected date of childbirth. The doctor told Melinda that it was best for her to recuperate at home recently, and she needed to exercise when she had time, so that she could feel relaxed during the childbirth.
	Melinda was full of expectation for the baby in her belly. Although the Gu family had the ability to know the gender of the baby, no one mentioned it so far, which made her very happy.
	She had thought that Queena would care about the gender of the baby, but she didn't expect that she said nothing from beginning to end, and she was very considerate to her and the baby.
	"I'm more and more looking forward to the birth of the baby," Melinda said gently. Her eyes were full of tenderness, but she was a little nervous, because she knew that she would encounter all kinds of conditions during the delivery.
	Many people said that giving birth to a child was a rebirth.
	Looking at her belly, Jonas became more and more worried. In fact, he supported Melinda to choose a proper time to have a C-section instead of giving birth.
	The process was really frightening.
	However, after seeing a lot of people say that natural labor was better than C-section, Melinda didn't agree at all. She also said that other people could give birth to the baby, but why couldn't she?
	In a word, her stubbornness also made Jonas feel headache.
	Every time when Melinda had a check-up, Jonas would spare a day to accompany her. After that, he would take her out to play.
	Since the previous few times when Melinda was in a bad mood and almost had a mental problem, Jonas paid special attention to taking her out for relaxation.
	Melinda was in a good mood. When she returned home, she was in a good mood to share it with Queena. Seeing that Melinda's expected date of childbirth was approaching, Queena said basically the same words as the doctor.
	Melinda knew her own physical condition, so she didn't dare to be willful at all. She promised them, "I will take good care of the fetus at home."
	The expected date of childbirth was approaching, and everyone at home was in a tense atmosphere, especially Jonas. He heard that the baby could be born at any time after nine months, and he didn't stay in the company for more than six o'clock during this period of time.
	If possible, he would go home early to accompany Melinda. He asked those questions tirelessly every day, and his father to be posture was also laughed at by Queena.
	However, Jonas was not in the mood to care about it now. He had been suffering from fear all day long. He only hoped that the baby could be born and be unloaded as soon as possible, and he could rest assured.
	But this child seemed to be trying to make everyone look forward to more days, and was unwilling to come out.
	Melinda was taken good care of at home. She looked ruddy. Unlike the early stage of pregnancy, she now gained weight and became much fatter.
	The one who had the most sense of achievement was Jonas, while Melinda began to worry about how to recover her figure after giving birth to the baby.
	It was because her man was too excellent that she didn't want to have any flaws in herself and let those people have the chance to say something in front of Jonas.
	Now Jonas had developed a habit. Before going out, he had to hold Melinda's belly and whisper a few words. Although he was still serious, he made Melinda think he was very cute.
	"You can go to work now. There are so many people at home. Everything will be fine. And I don't think the baby is willing to go out for the time being." Touching her belly, Melinda said with a smile. Although the expected date of childbirth was approaching, Melinda felt the baby was as stable as a mountain in her belly.
	It had no intention of coming out.
	"Well, if you have anything to do at home, just ask someone to do it. Don't force yourself, okay?" Jonas couldn't help but remind Melinda. She didn't like to make trouble for others, which made him very worried.
	His wife was so considerate. Wasn't she the one who was in a dilemma in the end?
	He would rather let Melinda make things difficult for the whole world than make herself grieved in the slightest.
	"Okay, I know. Go to work early and then come home early," Melinda said jokingly. She felt warm when she thought of the fact that Jonas went home early recently.
	There was always someone who loved her in his own way.
	At last, Jonas left with concern. Recently, Melinda was obsessed with parenting books and read very excitedly.
	Because of Yulia, Melinda preferred to stay in her bedroom.
	When Melinda's phone rang, she was still in a trance. After all, her social network was getting narrower and narrower. But when she saw who was calling, she began to pay attention again.
	She had gone through a lot of things these days. Melinda hadn't paid attention to the shooting progress of her novel for a long time, and she hadn't contacted the director for a long time.
	At this time, the director came to her, which made Melinda's heart rise again.
	"Director." Then Melinda stood up and walked to the balcony with difficulty. The sun was shining outside, which made her feel warm.
	"Mrs. Gu, I haven't contacted you for a long time. I have something to bother you today," the director said politely, with a lot of respect. After all, Melinda had a high status.
	This was not a simple writer, but a woman with the Soaring Group behind her.
	"I have a lot of personal affairs these days, so I have to bother the director with the shooting," Melinda said. She still felt a little embarrassed. She was determined to join the group at that time, but she was delayed and didn't pay much attention to it because of those things.
	"Here is the thing. Your novel has become a little popular recently," the director said with hesitation. It was a good thing that the novel became popular, but for this reason, the director was very worried.
	Now he couldn't afford to offend any of them.
	"Why is it so hot all of a sudden?" It occurred to Melinda that she had finished her novel for such a long time. Generally, the web recommendation editor would say that, but this time, there was no news about it. It suddenly became more popular, and various reasons could not help but appear in her mind.
	The director was also thinking about how to make it sound better, but in the end, he found that both of them had the same meaning.
	"Here is the thing. Mrs. Gu, do you know Alice?" the director said, and the frown between Melinda's eyebrows twitched. Wasn't Alice the same person as Emily?
	What else did Emily do? She couldn't help but feel nervous again, and her breath was not as smooth as before.
	"What's wrong? Does it have anything to do with her?" Melinda said nervously. She was really afraid that something bad would happen to her again.
	"Here is the thing. Recently, the news that she has been kept by a rich man has aroused a lot of attention. Then she wants to take part in the shooting of this play."
	As soon as the director said that, Melinda immediately understood the relationship between the two. Alice had aroused a lot of attention because of her resemblance to Emily, so there was naturally someone investigating.
	Netizens liked this kind of news most.
	It occurred to Melinda that Alice had contacted her not long ago and said that she wouldn't make trouble for her again, so she didn't mention that she wanted to act in her novel.
	"I see. Don't decide this role for the time being," Melinda said to the director. Then she hung up the phone.
	At this time, her mood was very complicated, or it could be said that she did not know what to do for a moment.
	Alice still wanted to go back to the entertainment circle and stand on top of it. In her opinion, the novel of Melinda was the best opportunity. She knew that Colson would promise her almost everything, so she begged him to let her act the heroine of the play.
	Colson didn't want to see any unhappiness on Alice's face. In addition, the recent exposed news made her suffer a lot, so he agreed without saying anything more. 
Chapter 370 Permit
	After sitting at home for the whole afternoon, Melinda became more and more uneasy. The relaxation of these days all disappeared. At noon, Queena was very worried about her poor appetite.
	However, Melinda didn't want to make people worry about her. Queena was worried about her and wanted to take her to have an examination.
	A smart servant at home had called Jonas and told him about Melinda's situation. When Melinda was hesitating whether she should tell Queena about it, Jonas returned home with an anxious face.
	When Melinda saw Jonas, she felt as if she had seen her savior. Seeing her like this, Queena felt helpless. With a serious face, Jonas walked to Melinda's side and held her hand habitually.
	"What's wrong? Auntie said you didn't eat much today," asked Jonas worriedly. The table hadn't been cleaned yet. He looked up and happened to see the barely eaten lunch.
	He frowned more tightly.
	Melinda pulled Jonas's sleeve and said, "I have something to tell you."
	Melinda's heavy heart was exposed in front of Jonas. He was thinking about what had bothered her at home recently.
	But Queena and the others didn't seem to be family affairs.
	"Mom, I'll take Linda upstairs to have a rest," said Jonas, holding Melinda's hand and walking upstairs. Melinda's body was getting heavier and heavier. It was difficult to walk, so she had to support the stairs.
	Jonas wanted to hold or carry Melinda upstairs, but after looking at her body, he finally walked behind her to protect her.
	"What's wrong?" As soon as they arrived at the bedroom, Jonas couldn't wait to ask. There was no hiding the sadness on Melinda's face at this time. She briefly told him about the call from the director today.
	"I want to go to the company and personally participate in the selection of the roles," said Melinda. She felt guilty when she thought of the fact that she had neglected it for so long.
	Her attitude was irresponsible to her fans.
	In fact, what the fans feared the most was that the novel would be made into TV plays. There were a thousand hamlets in the eyes of a thousand people, and the fans also had different ideas about the main character.
	If she didn't choose the protagonists carefully, it would ruin the images in the book in the heart of the fans.
	"You are too weak to go back and forth." Hearing this, Jonas immediately felt that this idea was not feasible. Melinda's body was getting heavier and heavier, and she needed someone to accompany her wherever she went.
	Let her go to the company and take part in the hard selection? He couldn't agree that anyway.
	"I will do what I can. I won't make things difficult for myself," Melinda said firmly. She was worried that Jonas would say no, so she hesitated.
	But she couldn't make fun of herself and the baby. She also hoped that Jonas could find a better and perfect solution.
	"No." At this moment, Jonas didn't want to say anything more. He refused directly. He was really worried about Melinda and didn't want her to go out.
	Hearing this, Melinda felt a little aggrieved. This book was her painstaking work. Now she wanted to turn it into a TV series, and she hoped that everything could be done the best.
	In order to meet the expectations of most of the fans, Emily was not suitable to play the role.
	"Jon, this novel is very important to me. I don't want to disappoint those who have always supported me." She tried to persuade him, but Jonas pretended not to listen to her.
	In fact, the two of them were both stubborn people. Although Jonas could dote on her, he was not willing to compromise easily on this matter.
	Melinda became depressed again. As long as she thought that her painstaking work had been ruined, she felt uncomfortable. She looked at Jonas several times, but he didn't have any reaction. She was already depressed, and now she was even more depressed.
	Fearing that Melinda would not listen to him, before Jonas went out, he told the servant must keep an eye on Melinda.
	This afternoon, Melinda didn't read any parenting knowledge. Instead, she kept browsing the news about Alice with her mobile phone. The more she read, the more depressed her heart became.
	From the news, it could be seen that Colson doted on Alice very much and almost granted whatever she wanted. Colson was a person of high status in the entertainment circle. If the news was released this time, the competition for the heroine would be considered.
	Melinda couldn't help but call the director to ask him about the shooting. The director was also in a dilemma. Although it was a good opportunity, the director wished he hadn't taken over the play this time.
	It was too easy to offend people.
	"The casting hasn't started yet, but there are already a lot of rumors outside. Maybe... It's troublesome," the director said awkwardly. In fact, Melinda knew something about the current situation, but it was also because of this that she became more and more worried.
	After talking with the director, Melinda realized how troublesome it was.
	"I see. Please don't pick the protagonists so soon," said Melinda. She wanted to ask the director to postpone it and she tried to persuade Jonas to let her come to the scene.
	If the director couldn't be the bad guy, then she would do it. She would never let Alice act.
	The director agreed and said that he could only do this.
	Melinda had been anxious at home for the whole afternoon. When Jonas came back in the evening, he noticed that she had no appetite. It was not pretending, but she really couldn't eat.
	Although Jonas had a strong attitude, Melinda didn't listen to him. The two of them seemed to have a cold war in an instant, and Queena was trembling with fear.
	Thinking of these annoyances and Jonas's attitude towards her, Melinda burst into tears, which made Jonas completely flustered.
	"You! Since Linda has a bad appetite, you can just coax her. Why do you put on a long face?" Seeing this, Queena couldn't help hugging Melinda and scolded Jonas.
	With someone backing her up, Melinda cried even louder. Although Jonas knew that she was putting on a show, he was too worried to make a compromise. He even threatened, "Tell mommy your reason. Let's see who will back you up."
	"Yes, no one will back me up, because in your eyes, only this child is the most important. It doesn't matter that I am good or not. In this case, you can contact the hospital now. After I have the C section, can I do what I want to do?"
	Melinda withdrew from Queena's arms, pointed at her belly and said angrily.
	Hearing this, Jonas's face instantly darkened. He knew that what Melinda said was angry words, but he was still a little angry at this time. Seeing that the situation was getting worse and worse, Queena dismissed everyone. Before leaving, she said to Jonas, "There is something wrong with Linda now. You have to calm down."
	Reminded by Queena, Jonas finally came back to his senses.
	After the two of them had a silent confrontation for a long time, Jonas slowly approached Melinda, but she avoided him, "I know you are worried about the book. I can ask someone to deal with it. Trust me, okay?" Jonas tried to reason with Melinda, but that was what she didn't want to hear the most at the moment.
	"Isn't the director arranged by you? Can he handle it?" Melinda questioned him, and Jonas was speechless instantly.
	Melinda continued to say, "There's no contradiction between you putting someone in charge of this and me casting."
	Perhaps realizing that her attitude was too cold and hard, Melinda began to act like a spoiled child. "I know your kindness, but this book is as important as the child to me. I hope you can understand me.
	Jon, you are the best. Just promise me. You don't want me to be depressed before giving birth, do you? In this way, the baby won't be cute.
	"They all said that a mother's mood would affect the baby. What if he misunderstood the world when I gave birth to him with a sad face?"
	Melinda tried every means to persuade him. Jonas's eyes were full of helplessness. Finally, he was brainwashed by her and thought what she said was reasonable.
	Melinda had been talking about the future of the baby since she was about to give birth. It seemed that if he didn't agree this time, the baby's life would be destroyed in this way.
	"Okay, I can promise you, but you have to obey my arrangement." Finally, Jonas made a compromise. Hearing the word "arrangement", Melinda frowned and had a bad feeling.
	As expected, the fact was just as she thought. Jonas asked Melinda to bring the bodyguards arranged by Ted before she was allowed to go out. Thinking that she was only going to choose protagonists, she felt it was not good to make a scene like this.
	She tried to reason with Jonas again, but her words were nipped in the bud.
	"It's just my bottom line. If you don't accept it, don't go out," said Jonas coldly. He still felt that it was not enough. How he wished he could send Melinda to the hospital to recuperate the fetus now.
	However, Melinda couldn't understand his worries.
	"It's a deal. You can't go back on your word then." Melinda knew that Jonas was worried too much, so she thought it would be good as long as she could stop it. As for other things, she would talk about it later.
	Moreover, the safety of the child was also very important.
	Melinda didn't want to make herself regret. This arrangement seemed to be reasonable, so the two people who seemed to have a big quarrel just now began to get close to each other again. 
Chapter 371 A Dream-seeker
	"I want to see Alice." Melinda looked at Jonas and said seriously. This time, she still couldn't get over it.
	But Jonas had told Melinda clearly that the role this time might be played by Alice, so that she could be mentally prepared.
	In fact, Jonas also felt a little guilty about what had happened this time. He had been too busy recently, so he had forgotten it.
	He didn't expect that the news would be so bad this time.
	"Let me make an appointment for you." After being silent for a long time, Jonas said slowly. In fact, he had thought about it for a long time. He knew what kind of person Melinda was. Since they were going to meet each other, he'd better make an appointment by himself. In this way, Melinda's safety would be more guaranteed.
	"Okay,"
	Melinda agreed obediently. She thought it might be good to have Jonas as the bridge, and her purpose of meeting Alice was simple. She just wanted to discuss this role with her.
	What's more, she wanted to know why she took so much effort to get this role.
	Ted was very efficient. Jonas just called him, and soon he arranged the security guards to protect Melinda.
	Although these people were selected by Ted, they still had to pass the test by Jonas.
	The men he chose were not as tall and strong as what Melinda had known. They looked gentler.
	However, these people satisfied Jonas very much. Then he asked a group of people to wear ordinary clothes and scattered around Melinda, and the task of taking care of Melinda was handed over to the servant.
	Melinda was satisfied with Jonas's considerate arrangement, and he arranged the meeting very quickly. He contacted Alice that day and said that Melinda wanted to see her.
	Alice was surprised. Thinking of the recent news, she became indifferent again. Or she should have known that she had already experienced Melinda's requirements of the heroine of the play.
	"I'll drive you to the coffee shop downstairs of the company tomorrow afternoon. Call me if you need anything, okay?"
	However, Jonas was still worried about Melinda's health. He thought it would be better to be closer to her. Coincidentally, Alice had no objection to this arrangement.
	It could even be said that she took the initiative to say that she wanted to meet Melinda in a place near Jonas's company. If Jonas didn't stop warning, Alice would guarantee that she wouldn't do anything to Melinda.
	"Okay." Jonas had agreed to so many requests, so Melinda was more obedient.
	Her obedience made Jonas sigh again. It seemed that Melinda had been controlled by him, but in fact, only he knew the truth.
	On this day, Melinda's mood was finally relieved a lot, but she was also full of tension and expectation for the second day. Finally, under the guidance of Jonas, she felt much better.
	Seeing that Jonas was already very busy and had to spare so much time to comfort her, Melinda felt a little guilty.
	"Thank you, Jon." But at last the thousands of words had turned into three simple words, and the ones in her heart, 'I love you'.
	Melinda was shy in expressing her feelings. It could be said that chasing after Jonas was the boldest thing she had ever done in her life.
	"Well, it's not the time for you to coax me. Have a good sleep now. Don't go blank when you go to see Alice tomorrow." Jonas tapped on Melinda's head and said helplessly.
	He knew that there were still many grudges of Melinda to Alice, or Emily. When they met tomorrow, they might also have a complicated feeling.
	At the thought of facing Emily, Melinda's mood was indeed very complicated. At last, she just said "Okay" lightly.
	She habitually touched her belly and let the baby encourage herself.
	Only when Melinda thought of the child would she feel that she was so invincible. As long as she could protect the child well, nothing would scare her.
	The next day, when Jonas sent Melinda to the place where they met, he went straight to the company. But the coffee shop was instantly filled with people to protect Melinda, and they scattered everywhere.
	Melinda was dressed in white clothes today, and it was very cold. She was tightly wrapped by Jonas, fearing that she would catch a cold. Melinda was young, and with such clothes and her appearance, she looked like a child who had sneaked out to play.
	Of course, if one could ignore her big belly.
	Seeing the pregnant woman, those people began to slow down. At this time, there were not many people in the coffee shop.
	In fact, Melinda didn't know that because Colson was worried about Alice, so he booked the whole coffee shop. The people who could come in were either sent by him to protect Alice or arranged by Jonas.
	Alice was dressed in a pink suit, with her curly hair hanging down naturally. Although she wore a natural make-up, her every move was seductive.
	It was a familiar feeling for Melinda to see her almost at a glance.
	But somehow she felt something different.
	"Long time no see." Alice also noticed Melinda soon. She noticed Melinda's belly almost in an instant. She remembered that it was not so big when she saw it last time.
	How time flies. She was about to give birth.
	Alice's eyes flashed a moment of trance, and then returned to her previous appearance. The smile on her face was very bright, as if she was treating an old friend.
	She said the same words when she saw Melinda and Jonas. Long time no see.
	It had been a long time since she last saw them. Only when she saw these familiar faces could she feel that she had been living in this world so vividly.
	Faced with Alice, Melinda felt a little embarrassed. Finally, with the help of the servant, she sat down carefully.
	There was a cup of hot milk on the table. It could be seen that Alice was very careful. This was different from before.
	"Long time no see. I'm not feeling well now. I need someone to take care of me. Do you mind?" Melinda said in a soft voice. In fact, her attitude was obvious. No matter she minded it or not, the servant had to take care of her here.
	"I don't mind,"
	Alice said. To be honest, she was a little scared when she saw Melinda. Then she pointed at the milk on the table and said, "I don't know what else you can eat, so I ordered a glass of milk."
	"Thank you,"
	said Melinda. She took the cup but didn't drink it. Then she put the cup aside, crossed her hands on the table, and thought that there seemed to be no topic between her and Alice, so she cut to the chase.
	"About my novel turning into a TV play, the heroine, can you give up?" Melinda asked straightforwardly. There was no need for false civility between her and Alice.
	Alice was a little surprised at her straightforwardness, and then she thought this was her style.
	"I don't think I can give up, but I still have to apologize to you for this matter," Alice said, her eyes darkened. She didn't expect that her relationship with Colson would be so easily found out.
	Now, when she went to the company, all the expressions in people's eyes had changed. Her previous efforts seemed to have become a joke at this time. Those people could deny everything of her by saying that she was a mistress.
	In this society, sometimes it was really pathetic. Alice also felt that she had really experienced too much in the past two years.
	Looking at Alice's expression, Melinda was a little surprised, which was a little different from Emily in her impression. It could be said that Alice had changed a lot from the former Emily.
	It was just that sometimes Melinda felt familiar, but she had changed too much in dealing with things.
	In the past, how could Emily be so polite? If Emily won her, she would definitely show off.
	"This role is not suitable for you," Melinda said. In fact, she also wanted to know why Alice had to be entangled with this role in this way.
	Although there were not many IP plays in the entertainment circle, there were also not less. According to Alice's status, it was not difficult for her to get a better role. But why did she just tangle with her TV play.
	No matter when she was Emily or now Alice.
	"How can you know if I don't give it a try?" Alice said. In the past, she wanted the main character of this book only to oppose Melinda, but now she felt that the rebirth of the heroine in the book was somewhat similar to her.
	So she wanted to have a try.
	But this was not the most important reason.
	"Don't you have a good position now? Why are you still acting?" Melinda still couldn't understand what Alice was thinking, but she didn't want to say anything since Alice did not want to say it out.
	"It's very simple. I have to rely on this role to return to this circle with this identity. Your novel is a very good chance for me, and Jonas will definitely spend a lot of money in it. So in any way, it is definitely the best choice."
	Alice spoke out her purpose. Hearing her words, Melinda instantly felt her ambition. The former Emily had become a rat across the street and had no chance to be in the entertainment circle anymore, but now it was different.
	She had a new identity, and with this identity, she could complete what she had never been able to do.
	Hearing this, Melinda felt sorry for Alice. She thought she was a pure dream-seeker now.
	However, even so, Melinda would not persuade herself to hand over the heroine of the novel easily to her and make it become her stepping stone. 
Chapter 372 Fawn On Him
	"How can you be sure that Jonas would do that?" At first, Melinda wanted to have a sip of milk, which was one of her habits these days, but it was ordered by Alice.
	She didn't think she was that careless since it was the milk that the once Emily ordered for her.
	The servant knew Melinda best. She opened her canvas bag, took out a vacuum bottle and poured a small glass of honey water for Melinda.
	"Because I know him too," Alice said with a confident smile on her face. Although she had doubted whether she had a wrong understanding of Jonas for so many years.
	But she found that most of the time, he was still the one that was familiar to her.
	Hearing this, Melinda's face darkened. She thought Alice's words were a provocation.
	But her expression was so sincere that Melinda didn't know what to say.
	This novel was a cooperation with her company. In fact, many things were handled by Victor. Melinda believed in Victor, but she still wanted to check it by herself.
	As she became more and more famous, the chances of making the novels into movies or TV plays also increased. At present, there were two novels in progress, and what Alice chose was the one that cooperated with the company.
	Melinda didn't expect that there was such a mistake. There was only a rumor on the Internet that Alice was going to participate in the TV series of her novel, but she didn't say exactly which one it was.
	The director didn't know the situation and misunderstood. He was worried that he couldn't refuse Colson's request at all.
	"If you want to take part in this play, does it go against your goal? It's basically the responsibility of the company. Jonas won't interfere," Melinda said. Alice nodded her head.
	"I believe in my own judgment. This role is an opportunity,"
	Alice said confidently. Melinda thought that she had really changed a lot, and she was determined to get this role, which made Melinda a little flustered.
	However, everything of Alice now was given by Colson. Melinda wanted to ask Alice about the rumor of her being a mistress, but she finally felt that she could not say anything about it.
	What's more, she also thought of that. Wasn't that the way Emily used to be?
	"Well, it seems that you are still unwilling to give up," Melinda said helplessly. But recently, she had a better choice for the heroine in her heart.
	However, this sentence did not come out from Melinda's mouth, and Alice was still so determined to get this role. She even felt that this matter was settled.
	"Don't you wish us a pleasant cooperation?" Alice said with a confident smile, which made Melinda a little dazed.
	In the past, Emily was so arrogant, but then she was in a mess. But now she seemed to come back with a new identity, the identity of Alice.
	Now she no longer relied on Jonas, but on Colson, who supported her.
	"No, I still can't," Melinda said with a smile, feeling that there was no need to continue the conversation. Alice looked at Melinda, curious about her next move, but did not ask.
	She was much calmer than before.
	"I think that's all for today's chat. I can think about the cooperation after I go back to the company,"
	Melinda said. Then she asked the servant to hold her hand and left the seat.
	Alice didn't have any reaction. She just watched Melinda leave quietly. After she left, half of the people in the coffee shop disappeared. At first, Melinda wanted to look for Jonas in the Soaring Group, but finally asked the driver to go to her company.
	She hadn't been to the company for a long time and didn't expect to go back before the childbirth. Melinda really felt that the world was unpredictable.
	People in the company were all excited to see her coming back with a big belly. The news of Melinda coming back spread quickly from top to bottom in the company.
	When Victor got the news, he was shocked and ran out of his office in a hurry. As soon as the elevator arrived, he saw a servant holding Melinda.
	"Oh, my God! What are you doing here?" Looking at Melinda, Victor was frightened. He wanted to go up to hold her, but he didn't dare to touch her.
	"To know something," Melinda said with a smile. She hadn't been to the company for a long time, which made her feel a little familiar and comfortable.
	In the end, Victor gave up the idea of holding her. He thought that it would be better for her to have the servant to take care of her, and if he went up to help her, it might be a hindrance.
	Victor's office was alone, and his secretaries were all outside at this time. Those people were still very curious when Melinda went in, but they refrained themselves if they didn't want to be scolded by Victor.
	In contrast, the office was much quieter. Victor's style was more mature and steady, so the style of the office was the same, showing a sense of proficiency.
	There were still many documents on the desk. Looking at the mountain of documents, Melinda felt that Victor's work was not easy.
	As soon as Melinda arrived, Victor poured a glass of water for her and a cup for the servant.
	Melinda thought it was safe here, so she just let the servant sit aside and wait for her.
	"You came to me today to talk about the casting, right?" Victor drank coffee. Others said coffee could wake one up, but he felt that coffee was more and more useless to him.
	"Well, there are a lot of news outside recently." Melinda didn't want to beat around the bush with Victor. Moreover, in her heart, Victor was her good friend.
	She trusted Victor very much, but the society was very realistic. If Colson really put pressure on Victor, he would not be able to hold on.
	"Don't worry. Your novel won't be destroyed," said Victor. Then he walked to his desk and began to look for it.
	"This is the current list. You can have a look." Victor handed the document to Melinda. She opened it and found that it was a general list.
	They were not only the protagonists, but also supporting roles. Moreover, Victor was very careful and had attached the information of these actors.
	This made Melinda feel directly whether these people were suitable for this role or not.
	As the author of the novel, Melinda could best see who was suitable for this role, so when she saw the temporary actor and actress on it, she breathed a sigh of relief.
	Fortunately, no matter what happened outside, Victor still took this matter seriously.
	"I think all these are suitable." Looking at it again, Melinda was very satisfied, especially the heroine, who was the same one as she wanted.
	Victor was glad to see that Melinda had the same thought with him. When he was about to say something, he heard a knock on the door.
	The conversation between the two stopped abruptly. Looking at Victor, Melinda seemed to ask who he was. Victor's face turned a little pale.
	He thought he had already guessed who it was.
	As expected, the internal phone rang soon. The secretary said that the director wanted to see Victor. Victor snorted in his heart and thought he actually wanted to see Melinda.
	"It's the director," said Victor. Hearing this, Melinda also understood a little. Then she said to Victor, "We are discussing this matter now. Let the director come in."
	Victor asked his secretary to bring the director in, and then asked his secretary to make a cup of coffee for him. After the director came in, the servant began to feel a little reserved.
	"Auntie, wait for me outside," Melinda said to her. Although she was worried, she left because she knew that Victor wouldn't hurt Melinda.
	"Mrs. Gu, long time no see." The director didn't greet Victor. Instead, he turned to look at Melinda and greeted her warmly.
	There was a little embarrassment on Melinda's face, but she still smiled. In fact, she felt that she had never seen the director before.
	The director began to talk about this matter since he came. He praised how good the theme of the story was, which would definitely cause a new storm.
	All kinds of praises made Melinda feel embarrassed.
	Seeing that only he was talking, the director also realized that there was something wrong. He smiled awkwardly and then cut to the chase. "Since Mrs. Gu is here, why don't you decide the casting?"
	said the director. The expression on Victor's face changed at first. He had been in charge of the casting, but the director gave the power so easily without discussion.
	Although he said that he wanted to let Melinda decide, it was undoubtedly humiliating him.
	All the director wanted to do now was to flatter Melinda in order to fawn on Jonas.
	Victor felt uncomfortable, but he didn't show it in the end. After all, he appreciated Melinda very much and she was his friend. Moreover, he knew that she was not that kind of wayward person.
	He didn't say anything, and the director had no scruples. At first, Melinda wanted to refuse, but in the end, she was a little worried and agreed.
	She had to take care of her own novel.
	The three of them began to talk about the shooting. The director was the most talkative one, and Victor didn't say anything, while Melinda only responded to him occasionally. Then she also felt that something was wrong between Victor and the director.
	They didn't talk much today. Since Melinda was pregnant, she couldn't work all the time, so she proposed to leave soon. It was the servant who reminded her.
	These were the instructions given by Jonas.
	"I'll be here these days. We'll talk about the details later," Melinda said. In fact, this sentence was mainly told to Victor. As for the director, Melinda also noticed something.
	"You're pregnant. Don't run around."
Chapter 373 The Protagonist Is Uncertain
	Melinda said nothing but smiled. The director, on the other hand, excused that he had to leave and followed Melinda. When Victor saw this, he frowned.
	The servant was supposed to support Melinda, but because of the director's interference again and again, she was almost pushed aside, so she was the first one to lose her good impression of the director.
	No matter how good tempered Melinda was, she couldn't help frowning.
	"Director, it seems that the elevator can't carry so many people." One of the bodyguards couldn't help but say when he saw that the director was about to follow them when they took the elevator.
	Melinda needed enough space. It wouldn't be crowded, but it was scary to make Melinda in a small space.
	The director smiled awkwardly and watched Melinda leave.
	The group of people left. It was not one or two days to choose the actors. Although there was a temporary list, there were several roles in it.
	Besides, they had to think too much about it.
	Melinda's novel was not popular at first, but recently it became lively because of Alice. The identity of Alice as a mistress was the most disgusting thing for most of the readers.
	There were many comments below the novel on the website, all of which were against the idea of letting Alice act the heroine, and many of them said the one whom they wanted to be the heroine.
	In the past, when Melinda read the comments, she would be happy, but now she began to worry. There were no comments about the novel, and the only ones were seen below.
	In the following days, Melinda worked in the company longer and longer. Her previous position had been occupied, and when she arrived at the company, she was basically in Victor's office.
	On the other hand, there was nothing between Melinda and Victor. But as time went by, Jonas felt uncomfortable when he thought that Melinda had spent more time with Victor than he did.
	But he had promised to let Melinda out. It was too late to retort, but it was true that he was jealous.
	This made Jonas feel very sad. Now he was thinking about how to stop Melinda from going to the company.
	If her body allowed, Melinda wished she could work from 9 o'clock in the morning to 5 o'clock at night, but in the end, it could only be an extravagant hope.
	On the weekend, even Jonas had time to rest, but Melinda was going to the company. Recently, the selection of the actress had not been decided, and there were still some contradictions in many ways.
	Although Melinda had power, she couldn't directly decide who to use.
	Victor was the one with the least say in the matter, but his insight into people satisfied Melinda very much.
	On the contrary, the director's way of flattering others made Melinda feel very uncomfortable, and she even had the idea of changing the director.
	When she arrived at the company, almost everyone was working overtime. It was the end of the month, and everyone was working on the draft.
	Seeing this kind of atmosphere, Melinda really had a feeling of nostalgia. She did not know how long it had been since she touched the keyboard with her hands and wrote down the story.
	But not long after Melinda arrived at the office today, her phone rang. Jonas said that he could not find his tie and asked where it was.
	"I'm not tidying up your things now. You can ask auntie or other servants, or you can change another one." Hearing this, Melinda frowned.
	As a matter of fact, it was Jonas who remembered everything's position at home, and she seldom knew where these things were placed at home. She didn't expect that Jonas would call her for such a thing.
	"Auntie said it was you who cleaned it. I have to wear that tie with my clothes today," Jonas said, but Melinda was more confused. When did she sort out his stuff?
	But since she was pregnant, Melinda felt that her memory was not that good as usual. She thought that she might sort it out on a whim one day, but now she couldn't remember at all.
	"I really don't know. Why don't you ask Ted to buy you a new one?" Melinda suggested again, but Jonas's tone became more and more serious, as if the tie was very important.
	"That's limited,"
	Jonas said, but became anxious. He had said it for such a long time, but Linda was still unwilling to come back. Had he been abandoned?
	All of a sudden, Jonas began to give up himself.
	"Okay, I'll come back and help you find it." Melinda didn't expect Jonas to be so stubborn. After hanging up the phone and telling Victor, she asked the driver to send her back home as soon as possible.
	The reason was simple, because Jonas said he was in a hurry to go out and wanted to see an important person today. For that tie, he also described it ambiguously. When Melinda returned home and looked for it in the clothes room, she was a little confused.
	She was pregnant, so she had been accompanied by Jonas all the time. Seeing that Melinda was a little tired, Jonas felt a little regretful.
	But he felt relieved that Melinda came back.
	Finally, Melinda found the tie in the wardrobe where the shirt was hidden. It was sandwiched in a shirt, so she did not see it. She thought that the servant would not do such a careless thing.
	She began to feel a little guilty, thinking that she must have done it by herself. She didn't know that it was all arranged by Jonas.
	"Put it on and go to the company. I'm sorry. I'll be more careful next time," Melinda said guiltily. She wanted to tie a tie for Jonas, but found that it was not suitable for her, so she gave it to him discouraged.
	"Okay, thank you, honey." Jonas was in a good mood. He kissed on Melinda's cheek. Before leaving, he said worriedly that Queena seemed to be in a bad mood today and asked Melinda to stay at home with her.
	Therefore, Melinda didn't go to the company this day. She stayed at home with Queena. Seeing that Melinda was willing to stay at home, Queena naturally wanted it.
	Queena would also care about Melinda's work and ask her about her recent selection. During this period of time, Melinda had to start over to understand a lot of information.
	Recently, she had only sorted out the current situation, but there were more news about Alice's acting in the outside world. Everyone had the same feeling that this role was Alice's.
	But when Melinda talked about it with Queena, she spoke out what she was thinking.
	"I hope that Jessica can act the leading role. I think she is suitable for this role," said Melinda. She felt that Jessica was a perfect match for the heroine.
	This novel was written on the opposite side of her character. Melinda was gentle and easy to be afraid of something, so when she did something, she was inevitably afraid of many things.
	Therefore, she hoped that the protagonist of her work was the kind of person who would do things briskly and have a forthright character.
	As for Jessica, she was the right person.
	"Jessica Shen? Isn't that a singer?" Hearing this, Queena said in surprise. Although there were not many people in the entertainment circle, there were definitely many people, all kinds of people.
	Why didn't any of them meet Melinda's expectations and she finally put her mind on a singer?
	"Yes, although she is a singer, I believe she can do it through my understanding of her," Melinda said. In fact, she was hesitant to say it out.
	After all, Jessica had been working hard in the music industry all these years. She didn't even take part in MV.
	"But people outside are saying that you will choose Alice, aren't you? They also said that you two had met and talked about it." Because of Melinda, Queena began to pay attention to these things in the entertainment circle, so she knew them well at this time.
	Hearing this, Melinda felt a little helpless. The two met each other, presumably last time in the coffee shop.
	"I don't think it's a good idea. I'm thinking about how to refuse her now," Melinda said helplessly. She was a member of the Gu family now, so she wouldn't do things as before that didn't think about the consequences.
	She would consider whether her behavior would bring trouble to the Gu family.
	During this period of time, what she thought most was how to tell Alice about it. The current situation was really too complicated.
	She was really worried that Colson would spoil Alice so much that it would be difficult for her to shoot her novel in the end.
	She didn't want to bother Jonas with her own business.
	During the whole afternoon, Melinda and Queena talked a lot, but they never spoke out all their troubles, basically happy things. At the same time, Melinda wanted to tell her that she was fine in the company now.
	At the same time, the news about the selection of the play had been widely spread, but there was no official information. Alice saw that the main character of the novel had not come down. Thinking of the attitude of Melinda when she met her, she was somewhat uncertain.
	The news had gone out. If she didn't get the role in the end, it would be a great shame.
	Thinking of this, Alice couldn't wait any longer in the office. She rushed to Colson's office. In the past, when she came here, there would be a secretary who would report something and follow the company's procedures. But since their relationship was exposed, the two of them simply ignored these.
	No one dared to stop Alice from coming here. When she arrived at Colson's office, he was talking with someone through the phone. Seeing her coming, he told the other side in a hurry and hung up the phone.
	"What's wrong? Why do you look so bad?" Noticing that Alice didn't look well, Colson was a little worried. Although he was old, he had been well maintained these years. Besides, he had a strong sense of fashion in the entertainment circle. 
Chapter 374 Choice
	"I just want to ask you something about the protagonist of the novel. I really like that role," Alice said coquettishly, leaning in Colson's arms.
	She knew that Colson must have done something, but it was not easy to deal with Melinda, so she felt a little helpless.
	But now, she could only make use of Colson.
	Although Colson gave her a lot, she didn't have enough sense of security. What she needed was a sense of security that she could stand at a high place and have a high position.
	Although she knew better than anyone that the higher she stood, the more painful she fell.
	"Hasn't this matter been settled yet?" Colson said in surprise. He had already told the director and released the news. This was just how the entertainment circle worked.
	Hearing this, Alice had no choice but to repeat the current situation. Colson finally knew that there was a woman called Melinda in this matter.
	Melinda was not the kind of person who could be sent away casually.
	"Honey, you are the best to me. Please help me," Alice said coquettishly, clinging to Colson.
	She knew that this was her last chance and her last capital.
	Since the first time Colson saw Alice, he knew that he could do everything for her, so even if it was a little difficult, he didn't want to disappoint Alice.
	"Okay, I know. Don't worry." Colson didn't look old, while Alice looked at the man holding her.
	She had mixed feelings in her heart. This was a man who was very good to her. It could be said that she felt all the pampering from him, the feeling of being treated as a little princess.
	This was different from the feeling of being loved by her fans before. The man in front of her was really good to her like a father and an elder brother.
	Alice really didn't mind being with such a person. If she knew him before she met Jonas and Jerry, she would feel that it was her greatest happiness.
	But now it was too late. Her heart was filled with hatred. These love was no longer suitable for her. In her eyes, there was only the value of these people, nothing else.
	"I know you are the best to me," Alice said coquettishly.
	Colson couldn't stand it anymore, so he didn't make things difficult for himself anymore. He held Alice in his arms and quickly walked towards the lounge.
	After a long time, Alice left the office in a mess. The secretaries in the office knew what had happened, but they didn't dare to say anything.
	Alice had done so much for a role, which Melinda could not understand but was very important to her.
	Colson, who was "full" now, was obviously in a good mood, and paid more attention to what Alice had mentioned. First, he asked his secretary to investigate it in person, and then found out the director in charge of it last time, and blamed him for not doing it well.
	He wanted to do everything Alice wanted, but this time he made a mistake, which made him feel very guilty.
	"Make an appointment with Melinda for me," Colson said to the secretary. He knew that whether the matter could be successful or not, the key was exactly Melinda. Although she was the author of the novel and she was not a threat, what made him most embarrassed was the Soaring Group, which was behind Melinda.
	Although the Puppet entertainment company was a little famous, it was obviously unnecessary to be at odds with Jonas.
	"You mean the wife of the Soaring Group's CEO?" the secretary said in a trembling voice. She couldn't help thinking of the assistant who had just been fired. She just felt that nothing good would happen as long as it was related to Alice.
	"Yes, as soon as possible," said Colson. He had always been serious and even a little irritable in the company. It could only be said that he had given his tenderness to Alice.
	Hearing this, the secretary didn't dare to say anything more. But it was not easy for her to get Melinda's phone number.
	Finally, the secretary contacted Victor's company and the Soaring Group. Finally, she got in touch with Melinda. Melinda felt strange when she heard that it was the CEO of the Puppet entertainment company who wanted to see her.
	She thought that although there were several characters in her novel that needed to use the actors in his company, there was no need to let a CEO contact her in person.
	Then the servant reminded her that Alice was now relying on Colson, the CEO of the Puppet entertainment company.
	"Why did he want to see me?" Melinda said in confusion. She didn't think she had any communication with this man.
	"He said it was about your TV series," said Victor. In the end, it was Victor who contacted Melinda. Hearing this, she somewhat understood. Then she said to Victor, asking him to meet her directly in the company.
	This was an appointment proposed by him, and it was unreasonable for him to let her go to his company. Victor appreciated her attitude and said that he would help her deal with this matter.
	Colson was a little unhappy about the place that Melinda arranged, but he had no choice, so in his opinion, he came to this company in a condescending way.
	This company was really small. It was nothing compared to his Puppet entertainment company.
	"Mr. Zhang." In order to show respect, Melinda didn't even keep the servant by her side. When Colson saw her body, he had the same thought as everyone else. It was really frightening.
	"Mrs. Gu." Since Melinda was polite, of course, Colson was polite too. Having been in the entertainment circle and business for so long, everyone was smart. Colson was one of them.
	"You must have known why I came to you today. I don't like to waste time talking too much nonsense," Colson said and walked down opposite to Melinda. The secretary arranged by Victor served a cup of coffee soon.
	The mellow smell of coffee soon filled the meeting room. It had been a long time since Melinda last smelled it. At this time, she felt a little awake.
	"Yes,"
	Melinda said with a smile. She wore a creamy white overcoat today, which perfectly set off her temperament. She looked gentle, but there was no trace of cowardice in her words.
	Although Colson didn't know a lot of people, he had seen a lot of people. He immediately realized that Melinda was not the kind of person who could be sent away with a few words.
	"As long as you make Alice the heroine of this play, I can invest all the investment in it," said Colson.
	If possible, Melinda could find the investment easily. But now he came to her for free. It seemed inappropriate not to think about it.
	"What's your request?"
	Melinda asked directly because she didn't think it was a windfall. Hearing this, Colson thought Melinda was really smart. He didn't need to say anything.
	"The copyright of this play is for sale, and I want to have a part of it," said Colson. At that time, he would have the power to arrange a role.
	Hearing this, Melinda was lost in thought. In fact, it was a surely profitable thing.
	It was a good thing for both the director and the book, but Melinda didn't want to give up about the heroine.
	Colson didn't urge her. He wanted Melinda to think about it. He was confident that he could let her agree to his conditions.
	"I think I need to think about it." Finally, Melinda said.
	In fact, during the selection, she knew about Alice again. She thought the heroine in the book was not suitable for her, but if she was willing to act the supporting role, it was okay.
	Colson was a little surprised. He didn't expect that Melinda still needed to think about it. He didn't understand what she was thinking about, but at this time he finally knew why his assistant couldn't handle it this time.
	He had already come to meet her in person, but he still got such an answer, not to mention the assistant.
	"I know you don't lack the money. You have the Soaring Group behind you, but you have to know that if you agree, it's a surely profitable deal," Colson said, thinking that Melinda didn't understand the stakes.
	However, Melinda nodded with a smile and said, "I know, but I think you can understand. I'm not only a businessman, but also an author. I hope all my works can give the best work to all the readers and fans."
	Colson finally understood what was on Melinda's mind, and felt a little unhappy, because she seemed to say that Alice's acting skill was not good.
	But it was obviously unrealistic to say that at this time.
	"I think I can have a talk with Miss Alice first." Realizing that he had misunderstood her, Melinda explained. Colson didn't know what she was up to, but he still contacted Alice and told her what had happened here.
	After a while, Alice also came to the company. Everyone in the company felt that something was going to happen, especially Victor, who was very worried about Melinda.
	But from beginning to end, Melinda didn't say anything. She just said that she could do it herself.
	When the two met again, the atmosphere was still a little embarrassing, especially for Alice. But at this time, Melinda put on a businesslike look. 
Chapter 375 Aggrieved Husband
	"Can you let us have a talk alone, Mr. Zhang?" Melinda smiled at Colson and said innocently. Colson looked at Melinda's belly and Alice, and finally felt that Melinda was no threat to Alice.
	"Okay, you can talk about it by yourselves," Colson said and left the meeting room directly. There were only Melinda and Alice left in the empty room.
	In the past, Melinda was afraid of being alone with her, but now she was not afraid at all.
	"He came here today for you to act the leading role." According to Colson's status, it was rare for him to come to such a small place and meet Melinda voluntarily.
	Hearing this, Alice didn't change her expression. Obviously, she knew it.
	Melinda couldn't help but sigh in her heart. It seemed that Alice didn't feel Colson's kindness to her at all, or rather, she chose to ignore it.
	What she wanted was only profit.
	"He is a good man," Melinda said again. Hearing this, Alice felt a little uncomfortable. She looked at Melinda with a straight face and said in an unfriendly tone, "Is that all you want to say to ask me to come here?"
	"Of course not."
	Seeing that Alice didn't want to talk more, Melinda didn't force her to continue the topic. She shook her head and told Alice the general conversation between the two. She wanted Alice to know how good Colson was to her.
	"I don't oppose you to act in this play, but I think you are not suitable for the role of the heroine. On the contrary, you are more suitable for the supporting role."
	"Supporting role, are you kidding?" Alice said. She acted the supporting role? It was totally unacceptable to her.
	Melinda was not surprised at all. In other words, Alice was that proud of herself.
	"Don't think it's a bad idea to act the supporting role. Now many main female and male supporting roles have more fans. And you can read the content of the novel in detail. The main female supporting role is just a little bad in the former part, but the plot of this role is very pleasing."
	At that time, Melinda had spent a lot of time and energy on this role.
	She felt that everyone had his or her own shortcomings, but in other aspects, she could also make a character become very cute.
	Hearing this, Alice fell silent. She had to admit that she only wanted to get the protagonist, but did not pay attention to the story itself.
	And just as what Melinda said, many TV plays' heroines and heroes were not popular now, but the supporting roles were all popular.
	"I'll see it when I go back," Alice finally made a compromise. Melinda breathed a sigh of relief secretly. She was confident that she could persuade Alice.
	"As long as you look carefully, you will find that this role is actually the most important role in the play. It can be said that without her, there will be no such a story,"
	said Melinda. The story was really made up by the main female supporting role.
	Hearing this, Alice was even more moved. It seemed that the female supporting role must have a lot of scenes, and with the help of Colson, she must have a lot of scenes.
	As long as the modification was correct, it would get a good effect.
	And somehow, Alice felt that what Melinda said was for her own good, so after thinking for a while, she agreed. "I will go back to read it, and you don't have to worry about the investment, I will tell him,"
	Alice said. Seeing that she had accepted it, Melinda was very happy and felt that Alice had really changed a lot.
	Now she was more considerate than before, and she wouldn't do anything stupid.
	Now she would learn to think, but Melinda felt that Alice was unwilling to mention Colson in front of others. She was not iron hearted, and it was impossible for her not to feel the good treatment of Colson.
	But now she seemed to be immersed in her own ambitions and didn't care about these. For Colson, what she saw was not love, but value.
	Melinda thought it was a bad thing. She couldn't help saying, "Alice, it's really a rare and lucky thing to have a new life. When you were Emily, you had experienced a lot. As Alice, you might observe the people around you who treat you sincerely."
	Her words were more implicit. Hearing this, Alice smiled with disdain, but her heart was somewhat restless.
	"Don't just want to take revenge. You should cherish the people around you. And as long as you want, you can live a good life and stand at the top of what you have always wanted in a better way,"
	Melinda said. If Colson was willing to help her, it would only be a matter of time for her to become the best actress.
	However, Alice didn't take it seriously. After simply saying goodbye to Melinda, she left the meeting room. Colson was still waiting for her outside.
	At the sight of her, the man with a long face suddenly lit up, making people feel that his face changed in an instant.
	Since Alice didn't mention it, Colson wouldn't ask. Thinking of what she had promised to Melinda, Alice said to him, "Don't stop your investment in this play."
	"Did she agree to let you be the heroine?" Colson asked excitedly. He was happy for Alice.
	Looking at him like this, Alice somehow thought of what Melinda had said. In order to make herself look normal, her face became even colder.
	"No, but I have other choices. I'll have a good look when I go back," Alice said. The two of them walked out of the company. His car was parked downstairs, and Alice also drove here. At this time, she had no intention of getting in his car.
	Colson was a little disappointed, but he said nothing in the end.
	As for Melinda, after solving this matter, she felt much better. In her opinion, there was no better solution to this matter. It all depended on what Alice thought.
	It would be the best if she could take over the role of the main supporting role. If not, it might take some time.
	But Melinda didn't want to think too much about it. After leaving the meeting room, she went to the office to look for Victor.
	Victor had been waiting for Melinda. He didn't say anything but waited for her to talk about it.
	They had spent too much time and energy on it.
	"Let's wait for Alice's answer." After Melinda briefly introduced what had happened today to Victor, his eyes lit up. He looked at her and asked inadvertently, "Did you think about it from the beginning?"
	"Yes,"
	Melinda said with a smile. She had thought of this idea at that time, but she didn't want to mention it on her own initiative. So she had endured it till now. She remembered that Jonas had told her that sometimes in a negotiation, if she took action first, she would lose.
	The inspiration of the main supporting role in this book was actually from Emily. But at that time, she was willing to believe that Emily could change, so she made such an arrangement for the main supporting role.
	Thinking of this, the role was more like Alice. She believed that Alice would agree to act the female supporting role after reading this story.
	"Why didn't you tell me?" Victor pretended to be dissatisfied. Knowing that he was making fun of her, Melinda didn't care much.
	"Please keep an eye on it more carefully. I'll go back home early today." Melinda supported herself with her hands and said. To be honest, till now, she would feel very tired to walk or maintain a gesture for a long time.
	Thinking of the childish behavior of Jonas recently, Melinda couldn't help smiling again. If everything was handled well, she could go back to accompany him.
	During this period of time, he had been full of resentment and Melinda felt it completely.
	However, when Melinda came back home early, Jonas was not at home. But when Jonas got the news from the servant, he went back home regardless of anything.
	Seeing that Melinda was sitting in the living room and eating fruit comfortably, Jonas felt helpless. At last, his woman should be spoiled by him no matter what.
	"Why do you come back so early today?" His tone was full of grievance. Hearing this, Melinda couldn't help smiling. She pulled a grape and fed it to Jonas, as if she was comforting a child, and wanted to pat his head.
	But in the end, Melinda found that she couldn't pat on Jonas's head. With a long face, Jonas silently bent down.
	Feeling satisfied, Melinda touched his head and told him what had happened today. Jonas was very happy and thought that she would have more time to be with him in the future.
	On this day, Jonas was in a better mood, and the whole Gu's mansion felt happy.
	These days, Melinda's nerves were also very nervous. She felt relaxed at home, and she was very happy with the company of Jonas.
	However, Jonas was still complaining about what had happened these days. Sometimes he would speak in a voice dripping with sarcasm.
	Melinda really felt like she had raised a child. Thinking of the baby in her belly, she felt both angry and funny at the thought that he would be the same as his father in the future.
	On this day, there were a lot of laughter and cheers in the Gu's mansion. Everyone felt that the rain had passed, but they did not expect that Melinda still went to the company early in the next morning.
	The expression on Jonas's face could be described as dark clouds. However, Melinda used the excuse that he had agreed.
	"At this point, I don't want to see any accident."
Chapter 376 The Director Was Fired
	Moreover, during this period of time, Melinda had been fully devoted to the preparation of the play. If she was idle all of a sudden, she would definitely be very sad.
	Melinda had been pregnant for more than five months, but it seemed that she was about to give birth. At that time, Jonas suspected that there were twins or even triplets in her belly.
	On the other hand, Queena was worried that if the baby in Melinda's belly was too big, she would suffer a lot during the delivery.
	However, they didn't want to think too much at the moment. They just prepared what they should do. They were carefully worried that something unexpected would happen.
	"You just sold the copyright to them. If you have to be responsible for everything, why do you still need the producer and director?" Jonas said angrily.
	In his opinion, it was enough for Melinda to sell the copyright and participate in the script, but now she was entangled with the matter of choosing a role. If it went on like this, Jonas was very worried. The production period of a play was very long, and if Melinda followed up everything, it would make herself exhausted.
	"I am the author. Only I can understand some contents of the book," said Melinda. Her face darkened. Perhaps she thought that Jonas looked down on her or didn't care much about her book.
	This was her painstaking efforts, and Melinda would not allow anyone to destroy it.
	"Yes, only you can understand. But are these people the first day to shoot TV series? There are some plots that can't be filmed in TV series. How much do you know about that?"
	Jonas began to reason with Melinda seriously, but the more he said, the more resistant she became. Although she agreed with Jonas in her heart, she still felt embarrassed.
	She thought she could learn all these. Her wish was very simple: to repay those fans who had been silently supporting her with the best movies and TV plays.
	Every time she saw the comments below which said that they didn't want the novel to be turned into TV plays, she felt very uncomfortable.
	These readers all had the best image of the protagonist in their hearts. They were serious about understanding this book, so they hoped that the book would not be destroyed because it was changed into a film or a TV play.
	Melinda had to admit that many novels could be described as totally unrecognizable after they were turned into TV series.
	"At least let me do my job well." After a long silence, Melinda said in a soft tone.
	Since she was pregnant, Melinda hadn't put on any makeup, but her skin was well maintained. At this time, her skin was like porcelain, with an attractive luster.
	She looked more like a person who had just graduated from high school. At this moment, her aggrieved expression made Jonas soft heartened.
	He was a little annoyed and wanted to rub his hair, but when he thought that there were not only two people at this time, he finally put down his arm in discouragement and said to Melinda helplessly, "Let me drive you there."
	The woman he had chosen had to be spoiled even if he knelt down. At this moment, Jonas finally understood what these words meant.
	Hearing this, a bright smile appeared on Melinda's face. She stepped forward and hugged Jonas, and then said in a spoiled tone, "You're the best, Jon."
	She had already dressed up, but Jonas was still in leisure clothes. Jonas thought it would take some time to clean himself up. He asked the servants to bring the breakfast to the table and let Melinda have breakfast first.
	Melinda had planned to eat something casually when she arrived at the company, but she didn't dare to refute at all. It was rare for Jonas to let her go out.
	The breakfast was ready early in the morning. At this time, the temperature of the breakfast was appropriate.
	The breakfast at home was not only rich and nutritious, but also full of various kinds. Every time Melinda had breakfast, she had a feeling that she was like the ancient emperor wondering what to eat.
	Melinda was now the focus of the family's attention. There were three or four people standing around to watch her, worrying that there would be something wrong with the breakfast.
	When Jonas went downstairs, he looked totally different from before. The well cut suit made him taller. He was in a black suit with silver dark stripes, but sometimes the suit shone brightly from a certain angle.
	It gave off a sense of luxury.
	His hair was still fixed with wax as usual, revealing his full forehead, making his features more angular.
	It could be said that there was really no blind angle of Jonas.
	Although they had been married for so many years, Melinda still couldn't help but feel a little touched at this time. Her heart was beating fast.
	Her husband was much more handsome than those young actors, and most of them wore makeup. Jonas was born to be so handsome.
	More importantly, he was born with a noble aura, which was not something ordinary people could learn.
	"Let's go." Seeing that Melinda was infatuated with him, Jonas had to admit that it would make him feel that his face was useful. All the time, he felt that the only thing that his face satisfied him was to attract Melinda.
	At this time, Melinda was full. Although she was pregnant, her appetite was not as normal as others, two or three times as before. She ate the same as usual.
	The only change was that Melinda had been used to eat more meals. She usually had three meals, but now she had five or six ones.
	When they arrived at the company, Victor and the director were both there. Today, Melinda was sent here by Jonas in person. Everyone in the company had seen that, so they had a new understanding of the stable status of Melinda.
	Victor didn't think it was a big deal. He felt that he and Melinda were more like friends, and Melinda was really dedicated. The first thing she saw after arriving the company was the progress of the preparation, and she wanted to personally handle some small details.
	But the consequence was that she would be very tired and increase her workload. Although the work was not difficult, it was very tiring and easy to make people feel tired.
	Melinda had been holding on all the time.
	After sending Melinda to the company, Jonas wanted to go back to his company, but he was still worried about Melinda, although there were many people protecting her.
	Thinking of this, he directly changed the way to drive back at the next traffic light. When he arrived at Victor's company, his face was the biggest pass.
	The receptionist wanted to tell Victor, but she was stopped by Jonas. Jonas came here today to see what on earth Melinda was doing in the company. She was so busy every day.
	He thought that Melinda was only responsible for choosing the role and making some changes, but when he came here, he knew that she had done more than that. She even actively joined the filming.
	Only two hours in the company made Jonas lose his temper, but this kind of anger could not be directed against Melinda.
	At the thought that the director didn't come up with any ideas, but kept echoing Melinda, Jonas suddenly felt that this person was of no use.
	Melinda didn't know he had come, nor did she know when he left. The director continued to flatter Melinda, but he didn't know the person he wanted to please most had a lot of opinions on him now.
	When Jonas returned home, he only felt that the director was of no use. Thinking of this, he left the matter to Ted.
	It could be said that about Melinda's novel, Jonas had been refraining from getting involved. It was strange for Ted to hear that Jonas wanted to get involved at this time, and this move was a big move.
	"Mr. Gu, didn't you select this director before?" Ted asked. At that time, the director was in the limelight, and Jonas's requirement for the director was that he must be famous and could bring publicity effects to the TV plays of Melinda.
	But now, Jonas was going to fire the person he had chosen, which made him feel embarrassed.
	"That's enough. Now you just need to find someone who is not talkative but capable," said Jonas. He didn't think it was a bad decision.
	If he could find someone who was willing to work, it would be a hot topic for him to change the director. As long as he kept such a hot topic, it would be easier for the play to become popular.
	Generally, few people could change Jonas's decision. Ted did it soon, and a reason was needed. After thinking for a long time in the afternoon, Ted finally found a perfect reason and sent the director away.
	The news that the director was going to be changed was like a thunder, instantly smashing the whole crew a little dizzy.
	When Melinda got the news, a bold idea came to her mind, but she quickly denied it, because she believed that Jonas would definitely not agree.
	It was so difficult for her to participate in the production of the crew. If she said this idea, she would definitely be rejected.
	With a sigh of discouragement, Melinda stopped thinking about it. She was even in the mood to tease Victor. "Now that we don't have a helper, we have to work harder," said Melinda.
	"It's just an annoying fly," said Victor. Thinking of the director's flattering face, he felt something stuck in his throat, which made him feel uncomfortable.
	This was the first time that he felt that what Jonas had done was right. He should do this to deal with a person like the director.
	Hearing this, Melinda smiled and thought it was true. Most of the things the director had done these days were flattering. In many places, Melinda felt that she was not good enough, and the director would only boast.
	Melinda wondered who gave him this identity.
	However, when Melinda thought of the role of a director in a play, she was tempted again.
Chapter 377 Youth
	Although Jonas might not agree, she still wanted to have a try. How could she know whether she could do it or not if she didn't have a try?
	There was something on her mind, so Melinda was a little absent-minded when discussing the matter. Noticing that there was something wrong with her, Victor told the group of people that the meeting was over.
	Those people left one after another with curious eyes.
	Looking at Melinda, Victor couldn't help asking, "What are you thinking about?"
	"I want to be the director of this book," Melinda said it subconsciously. When she looked up and saw it was Victor asking, she felt a little embarrassed and lowered her head.
	In fact, she had been wondering if she had the chance to ask Jonas to agree with her request, which caused her distraction.
	Hearing this, Victor was a little surprised. Then he thought of the character of Melinda and didn't feel strange. She was just like this, serious about her own work.
	"Do you also think I'm joking?" Melinda smoothed her hair in front of her and said with self-mockery. She didn't major in this field, and she had never learned it. If others knew it, they would think that she was messing around with the money of Jonas again.
	But these people didn't know that she was more serious than ever at this time.
	"No," Victor said with a smile. His smile was warm and inclusive, which warmed Melinda's heart.
	"I don't know why I have this idea, but at that moment, I really want to have a try," Melinda said. She didn't think it was a whim.
	In fact, that instant thought was the voice in the bottom of her heart.
	Entering the entertainment circle was something she had never thought about before. But as time went by, Melinda felt that this circle was not as bright as others thought, but not as dark as others imagined.
	She thought that if it was in the past, Jonas would definitely support her. But now, when she thought of this, she looked helplessly at her high belly.
	Noticing Melinda's hesitation and embarrassment, Victor spoke out his opinion as a friend, "If you really want to, just talk to him. He doesn't seem to be unreasonable."
	On the contrary, there was no bottom line when he loved and spoiled her. Of course, Victor would only say this silently in his heart.
	'If Jonas doesn't agree, I'll beg him. I'll always beg him. This man will be softhearted sometimes, ' Melinda thought.
	With this thought in mind, she gradually became firm. Then she picked up her bag behind her, stood up and said to Victor, "I have something to do, so I have to go now."
	Victor shrugged and joked, "Go for it!"
	In fact, Victor had a rough idea whether or not Melinda could be the director. Perhaps, only Melinda herself would be so nervous.
	As soon as Melinda came out, the bodyguards and the servant who had been taking care of her all the time came over.
	It was really a grand occasion for her to go out, but Melinda didn't like this feeling, but she had no choice. After all, the person she married was not an ordinary person.
	When they got in the car, Melinda told the driver that she was going to the Soaring Group. Seeing that she was going to look for Jonas, the servant couldn't help smiling.
	To be honest, when they saw the two people were about to fight against each other this morning, they both took a deep breath. Fortunately, nothing happened in the end.
	It could only be said that Jonas would compromise to Melinda in the end.
	"It's better for the two of you to have a good talk about everything. Young Mistress, if you want to do something in the future, you can try to make it clear to Young Master. In fact, Young Master is just worried about you. He loves you very much."
	The servant thought about how many principles Jonas had given up for Melinda, but Melinda also suffered a lot for Jonas. The servant really hoped that the two could be together well.
	Hearing this, Melinda was silent for a while, but in the end, she said nothing. She just hoped that they could really discuss it later.
	She was really afraid of the word "no", which was not allowed to be discussed.
	It was a good car, but the driver's speed was the slowest. Moreover, there were three cars in front of and behind at this speed, and the traffic was almost affected to slow down.
	When they arrived at the Soaring Group, the receptionist didn't dare to stop Melinda. Anyone with a discerning eye could immediately see that she was the wife of the CEO.
	Melinda could directly take the exclusive elevator of Jonas. She entered the elevator almost without waiting, and the receptionist quickly called the people in the CEO office and told them that Melinda had arrived.
	When Ted got the news, he thought he had heard it wrong. After reconfirming it again, he found that it was really Melinda. Without any delay, he rushed to the meeting room and told the news to Jonas.
	"The meeting is over." After saying that, Jonas turned around and left, leaving everyone in a mess. Ted had to end with a good explanation.
	In fact, what they didn't know was that the end of the meeting was a relief for a group of people. The CEO was in a bad mood today and didn't know what irritated him. He almost cursed each other.
	As soon as Melinda walked out of the elevator, she saw Jonas waiting for her. Her heart was softened by such a simple action.
	"Jon." Melinda walked up to him with a smile, hoping that Jonas would hold her as usual. Seeing that the man was looking at her belly indifferently, the corners of her mouth twitched, and she accepted her fate to hold his arm.
	"Why did you come to me today?" At the thought of the fact that Melinda's heart had been occupied by the novel shooting, Jonas felt terrible.
	But looking at the woman who was smiling at him beside, he couldn't keep his face down.
	Jonas was in a bad mood today, and the atmosphere in the CEO office was very gloomy. At this time, the appearance of Melinda was like a ray of sunshine pouring in.
	He led Melinda directly to his lounge. The bodyguards and the servant had been used to this mode, so they consciously found a place to rest.
	In the lounge, both of Melinda and Jonas sat on the bed. Thinking of what she was going to say, Melinda looked away and didn't dare to look at Jonas.
	Jonas knew well about Melinda. He immediately sensed that something was wrong with her. He asked straightforwardly, "What brings you here today?"
	He had a hunch that what Melinda told him was definitely not a good thing. If there was really a good thing, Melinda would usually tell him directly on the phone, or mysteriously run to him.
	Instead of being hesitant now.
	"The director of my novel has been fired," Melinda said. She studied the expression on Jonas's face and found that he was not surprised at all.
	"He is not the only director in the entertainment circle. Just find another one," Jonas said casually.
	"I know there are many directors in this circle, but I'm a little surprised." As Melinda spoke, she observed the expression on his face, gritted her teeth and spoke out her thoughts.
	"I want to try to be the director."
	She looked at Jonas expectantly. There was shock in his eyes, but then he disagreed. He thought it was dangerous.
	The director of a play was so busy that Melinda couldn't hold on at all for the time being.
	"I don't agree. Linda, I hope you won't challenge my bottom line again and again. Well, being able to let you participate in the casting is my biggest concession,"
	said Jonas. He even began to reflect on whether it was because he had always been too easy-going that Melinda had no scruples at all.
	How could she be suitable to be a director?
	"I knew you would say that." With a self-mockery smile, Melinda lowered her head in disappointment.
	She had guessed that Jonas would not agree, but she still didn't give up and came to him to talk about it.
	Melinda's tone made Jonas feel guilty, as if he had done something terrible.
	But in fact, it was just because he cared too much about her safety.
	"Jon, you asked me not to challenge your bottom line, but have you ever asked me why I did that?" Melinda raised her head and looked at Jonas. The seriousness in her eyes made Jonas feel even guiltier.
	He seemed to be a little chauvinist. She had always got his permission to do anything she wanted.
	"I just want to try this job. I have tried too little in my life, and I really want to make this book well. This book is very special to me,"
	said Melinda in a trembling voice, "This book is my youth. I don't want my youth to be ruined."
	Her real youth was very bitter. Melinda really didn't want to see the youth in the TV play to be a mess.
	There was only one name in Melinda's youth, which was Jonas.
	Hearing this, Jonas was completely silent. Although he knew that this book was very important to Melinda and he had read it, he didn't expect that it had such a meaning.
	Because the hero and heroine in the book were very sweet.
	It was not like them at all, but when Melinda spoke at this time, he seemed to understand something.
	This was the youth of Melinda's dream, but youth was a regret, so in the book, she gave herself a perfect life.
	"You can do whatever you want." Jonas couldn't say that he agreed. Now he felt that the word "agree" was full of irony, as if he was not a couple with Melinda, but superior and subordinate.
Chapter 378 Deciding The Heroine
	Until now, Melinda was still in a trance. She didn't expect that Jonas would agree to her request so easily.
	At that time, she even began to think whether she was too selfish and didn't care about how worried Jonas was. She found many reasons to comfort herself, but in the end, Jonas asked Ted to deal with it immediately.
	It didn't take long for the staff of the crew to know that the director had been changed to Melinda.
	Melinda had no fame, no systematic study, and no experience in this respect. However, she just became the director.
	Worried that Melinda couldn't handle it alone, Jonas asked Ted to get two assistant directors to help her. One of them was professional and could teach Melinda some systematic knowledge.
	The other one was rich in experience and varied in style, which could better teach Melinda how to deal with these things in practice.
	The director's work was not simple. They had a lot of things to do. Sometimes in the crew, they were like a mother.
	But Melinda was a little different, because of her identity, there was no need to worry about the sponsorship. The scriptwriter was herself, and the working place was in this company.
	Even so, it was inevitable for Melinda to be busy. She was very concerned about this matter, and was willing to study hard. She almost devoted herself to the work of the director.
	Although Jonas didn't feel well and felt that Melinda had less and less time to accompany him, these thoughts would disappear in an instant when he saw the smile on her face.
	After Melinda became the director, Victor was not surprised at all and even laughed at her that Melinda was his superior now.
	"We have to settle the casting as soon as possible. It's already a waste of time in the casting." This was exactly what Melinda told Victor after she got the power. Although the director flattered her before, it was unknown that he had received the benefit of that company or not.
	He had always spoken for a female star and said how that woman was suitable. Therefore, Melinda had not decided who played the leading role of the play.
	But Melinda had also considered the person recommended by the director, but she really didn't like that actress at all. She had a plastic surgery on her face, and she was so pretentious.
	If such a person joined the group, Melinda thought it would only be endless trouble.
	"Well, although there are many rich and powerful sponsor, we can't waste time like this." Victor nodded in agreement with a mischievous tone. This was probably the most invested crew this year.
	If other crew got the money, they would probably have made an appointment to shoot. Unlike them, they were still in the selection stage.
	Hearing this, Melinda felt a little helpless. Then she told Victor that she had a candidate for the heroine in her heart.
	"Who is it?" Although Victor appreciated Melinda very much, he still maintained his serious and rigorous attitude in work.
	"She is in the entertainment circle, but not an actress," Melinda said. She thought she was going to be scolded to death.
	The director let a singer to be the heroine. The main character was not a well-known actress. And people would thought that Melinda took a lot of money to play house.
	Melinda even thought about the words that those natizens would say.
	"A singer?" As smart as Victor was, he instantly understood the difference. Then he searched in his mind and found that there were some singers who were suitable for the heroine.
	Melinda nodded. She decided not to tell Victor until everything was settled.
	"I have some personal affairs with her. I will contact her tonight. Let's see other supporting roles first," said Melinda. The protagonist was very important, but the supporting role could not be ignored.
	Everyone's appearance had its own reason. If they were brought by like a child's play, it would be disrespectful.
	Victor didn't feel embarrassed. He nodded and began to discuss this matter with Melinda.
	Later, Melinda made an appointment with Jessica. She didn't tell her real purpose, so Jessica thought it was a date between friends. After asking her agent to make an appointment, she went to see Melinda.
	At the first sight of Jessica, Melinda was still amazed, which made her feel that no one was more suitable for this role than Jessica.
	"Are you alone?" Melinda cast a glance at Jessica and asked in confusion.
	"You didn't say that I can take a friend with me?" Jessica said in confusion. It was not until then that Melinda realized that she hadn't made it clear when she asked Jessica out. She smiled sheepishly.
	Recently, her face was a little fleshy, and her smile was softer.
	Looking at her, Jessica felt that she was covered with an aura of a mother.
	"He seems to have grown a lot," Jessica said in surprise. It seemed that all her friends had gotten married and gotten pregnant, she couldn't help but want to have a try.
	"Right." Melinda touched her belly and talked with Jessica about her daily life. Then she realized that she had something important to talk with her today.
	"Jessica, do you know that I'm going to shoot a TV play of my novel?" Melinda asked. She looked at her expectantly. Hearing her words, Jessica smiled and said that she would pay attention to it when she was free.
	"I'm a director now," Melinda said. After all, many people would feel strange if she said that, but she didn't feel stressed at all when it came to Jessica.
	Although Jessica felt strange, she sincerely expressed her wishes and worries. Now that Melinda's belly was heavy, she worried that could she handle the intensity of her work.
	"Don't worry. I won't force myself. I came to you today for this matter. I want to invite you to participate in this play and become my heroine,"
	Melinda said seriously. She was not joking, but really hoped that Jessica could get involved in the play.
	Because she thought that Jessica was the most suitable person.
	Upon hearing this, Jessica was taken aback. Then she remembered what Melinda had said at the beginning, perhaps, Melinda had thought that her agent would also come, so she could talk about it.
	"But isn't Alice determined to win this role?" Since Jessica had paid attention to the news, she knew that Alice was coveting the heroine.
	Although she was famous in the entertainment industry, she was a singer and rarely cared about the acting industry. Moreover, if she took the role of Alice rashly, she would offend the people of the Puppet entertainment company.
	Jessica had some misgivings.
	"Don't worry. I won't make trouble for you. I've made it clear to Alice and she will consider the main supporting role,"
	Melinda explained with a smile. Hearing that, Jessica thought it was also a challenge and could help Melinda, so she agreed without hesitation.
	"Don't you need to tell your agent?" said Melinda. She had thought that her agent would also come today and they could have a talk about it directly.
	"Don't worry. This is your play, and it's a big production. I'll handle it well with the agent. If it doesn't work, we can buy her off with a reward. Anyway, you have invested a lot in your play,"
	Jessica joked. Her words amused Melinda. She thought for a while and found it reasonable.
	As a vigorous and resolute person, Jessica borrowed the computer from the tea bar to sign the contract with Melinda.
	In this way, Melinda had settled another thing, and she believed that the play would be better and better.
	The heroine had been decided, and then the hero had to be talked about. It was really difficult for Melinda, and Victor had provided a lot of information.
	However, in Melinda's heart, the image of the hero was very special, and none of these people she thought highly of.
	"The director is a freshman. The heroine is also a freshman in the acting circle. We doesn't have to care about whether the hero is famous or not. What we want is the right one," said Melinda. The crowd didn't know how to refute her.
	Originally, they all thought that cast would be very luxurious with such an investment, but they didn't expect that it would end up like this.
	The basic job of these staff was to collect information and find a suitable actor, and these materials needed to be reviewed by Melinda.
	There were a lot of complicated documents, but it was not troublesome for Melinda to read them carefully.
	"Let me recommend a person to you. He is not a newcomer. He has been in the business circle for many years, but his career has been very smooth."
	"His career has been very smooth", which meant he was not famous. As an experienced actor, it could be said that it was difficult for him to stand out in his life.
	But Melinda didn't care about it at all and asked Victor to recommend him.
	The reason why Victor noticed this man was that he had a good role recently and had made some progress in his acting career.
	The man he recommended was a good actor, Felix Song. Although Melinda couldn't tell who he was, she could feel familiar from the photo.
	Perhaps, this was the good, experienced actor.
	"The shape fits the hero well. Send me his information. I'll check it now," Melinda said to Victor. She had to wear radiation proof clothes every day to avoid radiation.
	So when Melinda looked at the documents, she had to print them out. In order to protect her eyes, Jonas had asked them to print the words bigger.
	In this way, a thick pile of printed information was frightening.
	The materials arranged by Victor were very perfect. After finding a comfortable posture, Melinda began to read them. 
Chapter 379 Being Rejected
	Felix was a poor good actor in the entertainment circle. He hadn't made a representative work for so many years and had always been not famous.
	During this period of time, he finally got a role that was deeply rooted in the heart of people and made people remember him, which made him very popular.
	As a result, many of her previous works were found out by his fans. In the past, nobody paid attention to him, but now everything about him was exposed except for his home address.
	The entertainment circle was always cruel. Felix had seen too many people. What impressed him the most was that when he was not famous at all, he lost a small role because of a famous star.
	A small role might not be worth anything in other people's eyes, but in Felix's eyes, it is very important.
	At that time, he had to fight for any role and any part of the play by himself.
	That was so important to him, but it was because that female singer was too famous and lost her temper on the film set. He became the innocent scapegoat, so he lost his role.
	So over the years, what he wanted to see most was that there was bad news about that person. But to his disappointment, there had been no dark news about that person all the time.
	There was just a rumor not long ago, and it had been clarified before it was stirred up.
	It could be said that he and that female singer had been in a bad relationship many years ago. The other party might not know who he was, but he had a deep memory of this person.
	Felix also thought that his acting career might be so ordinary and better than the extras, but he didn't expect that the modern science fiction drama he had acted a few days ago would be popular.
	It was a hot topic on major websites. The style of the play was bold, but Felix didn't think too much. He thought the role was good and novel, so he studied it for a long time.
	He was so serious about every play that he finally got his own popularity.
	He had acted the role very successfully. With an outstanding performance and a handsome overall image, it was hard to tell that he was a man of more than 30 years old.
	Because of his age and experience, he was different from others, mature and steady. His charm was exactly what young girls liked most nowadays.
	He was immediately chased by those young girls, changing his previous tepid popularity.
	The company also began to pay attention to some of his activities. They would carefully consider what kind of program he would take part in. Unlike before, when someone invited him, they would agree.
	He was so tired even without fame before.
	After reading all the information about Felix, Melinda thought she could think about it. First of all, he had a good appearance and some experiences, which made her feel that this person could understand the character better.
	She rubbed her eyes tiredly, then put the thick material on the table and said to Victor not far away, "I think this person can have a try."
	As expected, Victor was still as keen as before, which satisfied Melinda very much.
	It could be said that this was the most suitable person for this period of time.
	"Then let me help you contact him to meet?" said Victor. Melinda nodded her head. This time, there was really no audition, and it was all up to Melinda to feel.
	Whether this person was suitable or not, and what Melinda required was not only acting skills, but also personality. She would not consider the one whose personality was not good, and the one who liked all kinds of hype and caused scandals all day long.
	For example, the person recommended by the director before made Melinda speechless.
	Fortunately, she had all the power now.
	Feeling grateful, Melinda searched the information about Felix on the Internet.
	Victor was efficient and contacted Felix's agent. The agent had planned to find someone to get close to Victor to see if Felix could get a role in the play, but she didn't expect that Victor would contact her.
	It was a pleasant surprise for her.
	"Felix is free recently. We can discuss it." The agent was very friendly to Victor. After all, this play was acknowledged as the most popular play in the entertainment circle now.
	First of all, Melinda had a lot of fans, and then escorted by Jonas, as well as Colson, a big shot in the entertainment industry.
	This play was hard to be not popular.
	"Okay, please come to the company tomorrow," said Victor. He thought the same as Jonas. It was too dangerous for Melinda to go out.
	Afraid that the agent might misunderstand him, Victor explained. He hesitated and said that the director was inconvenient to go out, so he asked them to come here.
	At first, the agent felt a little uncomfortable. As soon as she comforted herself that Felix was not famous enough, she heard the explanation and felt comfortable.
	"Okay, see you tomorrow," the agent said, still a little excited. She felt that her dream came true, and she only hoped that everything would be smooth tomorrow.
	It was known to all that many people in the entertainment circle were coveting this play. Just a female lead's choice had been lively for a long time.
	If Felix could take over the role, he would have participated in a play with a big IP.
	This was what the agent worried most. Although Felix was popular now, he had never had a role to brag about for so many years. He had participated in the plays with the big IP and only played the role that hadn't lived for five episodes. He really didn't want to talk about it.
	But this time was different. The role they faintly revealed was the protagonist.
	Thinking of this, the agent smiled again and quickly told Felix about it, asking him to behave well tomorrow.
	Felix also thought it was an opportunity. More importantly, he liked this play. He had read the novel of Melinda.
	What he thought was that as long as there was a role, everything would be fine. This was the idea before the play was popular. Now that he could win the position of the main character, he naturally needed some ambition.
	The next day, in the reception room of the company, when she saw the pregnant Melinda, the agent finally knew that the word "inconvenient" was not a conventional lie, but true.
	But it also made her feel a little disillusioned. She had always thought that this play should be very great, and how could the director be a pregnant woman?
	However, the identity of this pregnant woman was worth considering.
	"I've read your information. I think you are suitable to act the hero for my play. I don't want to talk more nonsense. This is the contract. You can see if it's appropriate." Melinda wanted to solve it as soon as possible.
	What's more, after these days, she realized that sometimes her gentleness could not bring anything.
	In particular, when negotiating, she must put herself in a position. Of course, the premise of all this was that she was the active party.
	The agent was looking through the contract, while Felix was reading the script. To be honest, this script was very interesting, and whether it was the plot or the conversation, it was much better than the ones he had participated in before.
	He thought that this might be because the author participated in the making.
	The agent looked at the contract and smiled happily. This was an invested crew, and the conditions they offered were generous.
	She thought it was good, so she took a look at Felix. She knew her actors well, and she was happier to see that he was satisfied with the script.
	This was a good ending for both of them.
	"Have you decided the heroine of this play?" Felix thought that the choosing of the heroine of the play had made a lot of news, but there was no official announcement in the end. What was even stranger was that Alice also quieted down.
	He had never been in touch with Alice, but he felt a little pressure at the thought of acting with her. The pressure was because he didn't like this actress.
	Thinking of this, Melinda felt a little embarrassed. Her play was too strange.
	"Yes. She is a newcomer. Do you know her? She is a good singer, Jessica Shen." When Melinda said that, she couldn't help smiling.
	She was satisfied with the heroine and the hero. There was nothing better than this.
	But she didn't notice that Felix's face darkened when he heard the name.
	If there was nothing wrong with his memory, there was only one singer called Jessica Shen.
	"Sorry, I can't take this play."
	Felix refused Melinda's invitation without hesitation. Not only Melinda, but also his agent was shocked.
	But Felix's temper was just like that. After he said he wouldn't take it, he didn't even want to talk to her. He stood up and left directly. The agent came to her senses, looked at Melinda and said apologetically, "Sorry, Felix may have encountered something. I will have a good talk with him."
	The agent complained in her heart, 'Why is Felix out of his mind? Even if he doesn't like this play, he can't leave like this.'
	He should know that Melinda was the one who was protected by Jonas. If Jonas knew that his wife was treated like this, Felix, who had just become popular, would wait for a rest.
	After the two left, Melinda was still in a daze. At the beginning, they had a good talk, and the other party also had the idea of signing the contract. Why did he suddenly refuse?
	She didn't know why there was something wrong. The hero in her heart was gone. Melinda recalled what happened just now, it seemed to start from the talking of the heroine.
	She thought Felix didn't like Alice, but it seemed that he had a problem with Jessica.
	Shouldn't a singer in the musical circle have no social interaction with him?
	Melinda told this matter to Jessica. At last, Jessica comforted her. "How about I talk about it with him? After all, I'm going to cooperate with him in the future," she offered. 
Chapter 380 Agree To Cooperate
	After hearing what had happened from Melinda, Jessica thought that maybe Felix had a problem with her and was thinking about whether she had seen him before.
	Would there be any misunderstanding when they got along with each other? Or did he just not like her for no reason.
	If it was the former reason, it would be fine, but if it was the latter, Jessica really felt powerless.
	She was quite famous in the entertainment circle, of course Felix was not as popular as her. So when Jessica asked her agent for his phone number, the agent was shocked.
	"Do you know him?" the agent asked curiously. She was quite familiar with Jessica's circle of friends, but she didn't know Felix.
	"He might be the hero of Linda's play," Jessica explained. She decided not to tell her agent about it. Otherwise, it would be troublesome.
	"Your boyfriend in the play? Wait for me to ask his phone number for you," said the agent. She knew quite a lot of people in the circle. She didn't ask for Felix's phone number directly, but found the number of Felix's agent.
	At this time, Felix's agent was telling him that what he did in Victor's company today would have a bad impact, and she also told him that he was just on the rise and needed to maintain his good image.
	She didn't want him to do something that would turn into a scandal.
	Felix listened to her words, but he couldn't get over it. It could be said that Jessica was the first one who hit him in this circle.
	At that time, he just thought that as long as he worked hard, he would definitely be famous.
	"I'm afraid Jessica can't follow my acting. She's a singer, not an actress." Felix found an excuse for himself. If the two main characters were not good at acting, it could be said that Jessica was a singer or something.
	After all, she had many fans, but he was different. He would definitely be scolded.
	The agent thought it made sense, but she also thought it was a rare opportunity. It was a pity to lose it.
	It could be said that Jessica and Melinda were the stunts of this play, and as long as Felix performed well, he could definitely got a lot of fans.
	But sometimes, opportunities and risks coexist.
	She was still regretting that this was a good opportunity. Her mobile phone rang at an inappropriate time. When she knew the identity and purpose of the other party, the agent immediately felt that she didn't need to regret.
	"Jessica wants to see you," the agent said to Felix, full of expectation in her eyes. Hearing this, Felix's face suddenly changed, which could be said to be very dark.
	"I refuse," Felix said without hesitation. He didn't want to have any contact with this woman for the rest of his life. She was only good at putting on airs. Why would he go there? To be mocked by her?
	Felix had to admit that Jessica was a shadow in his heart.
	"I have accepted it for you. No matter what, this is a rare opportunity. You can't deny it," said the agent. At this time, she looked like an agent. At the same time, Felix felt that he had returned to the past.
	It didn't matter what he thought. He had to accept what these people offered him. His agent's attitude had changed a lot these days. But now, she changed back because of Jessica, he had a worse impression of Jessica.
	Jessica just wanted to have a talk with Felix. After all, it was her best friend's business. She couldn't be refused by others for no reason.
	Since his agent had agreed, Felix couldn't be willful at this special period. After all, it was not easy to mess with Jessica's agent. If he did, he would be done.
	He didn't want his position, which he had been managing hard for so many years, to be destroyed by Jessica again.
	Since they were all public figures, they could only meet in a private place. Jessica had been waiting for Felix there for a long time.
	Felix was a little surprised. According to Jessica's temper, he thought that he might have to wait for a few hours.
	Although Jessica didn't have any impression of the man in front of her, she thought Melinda had a good eye. This man was really suitable to act the hero.
	"Hello, I'm Jessica Shen." The smile on Jessica's face was as bright as before, making people feel that she was an innocent and good girl.
	However, due to the prejudice in his heart, Felix felt that the smile was hypocritical. His attitude was very cold. He just simply said his name and directly ignored the hand that Jessica reached out.
	If someone else, who was higher than him, took the initiative to know him, he must be excited to greet him. But Felix was surprising Jessica again.
	If it were someone else in the entertainment circle, he wouldn't be so impolite. But the person in front of him was none other than Jessica.
	Felix was annoyed.
	Seeing his attitude, Jessica thought that Felix might really have some issues with her, but the smile on her face didn't decrease at all. She asked him frankly.
	"You don't seem to like me?" Felix cast a scornful glance at Jessica.
	"I just don't like people who oppress others with their own status." Felix wasn't afraid of offending Jessica, so he spoke it out directly. But Jessica looked confused.
	It could be said that the two of them had the same view. She didn't like such a person, and she had never done such a thing.
	"Is there any misunderstanding between us?" Jessica asked. She thought there must be some misunderstanding, but Felix thought that Jessica had done so many such things that she couldn't remember him.
	This made him feel even more uncomfortable. He had hated her for so long, but she didn't even know who he was.
	"Right. After all, you are a big star. It's normal that you can't remember a nobody like me," said Felix. Jessica felt wronged, as if she had been accused of some crime.
	She didn't like this kind of misunderstanding, and she was a little straightforward. She asked Felix directly where she had offended him, and Felix reluctantly told her what had happened in the past.
	"Put on airs?" Jessica was shocked. She was sure with her fame that she had never done such a thing. Then she began to recall what had happened that day.
	It seemed that there was indeed a small role out of the crew, and she didn't notice it at all at that time. She didn't expect it was Felix. It was really a misunderstanding.
	"It was a mistake at that time. Maybe you won't believe it, but I have to explain to you that I was not against you at that time, nor did I put on airs. It was someone who had been harassing me. I mentioned it to the director, but he misunderstood me."
	At that time, the man wanted to take the opportunity to get close to her. He looked so obscene that she couldn't stand it and told her agent. The director happened to hear it and didn't expect Felix to be mistaken.
	Hearing this, Felix also had some impression. He remembered that there was indeed an indecent man in the crew, and he didn't expect him to be the scapegoat.
	His face darkened.
	"It's all over, and the misunderstandings have been cleared. The gold will shine sooner or later. Your current status is the best proof. This play is really rare. Can you think about it again?" Thinking of what she came here for, Jessica tried to discuss with Felix.
	Felix still felt strange. After all, Jessica was the heroine of the play. Compared with her, he was much inferior to her. There was no need for her to come to him because she didn't need him to act in the play.
	"Many people are willing to act in this play, even the best actor," said Felix. When he said these words, it meant that he began to think about it.
	Upon hearing this, Jessica heaved a sigh of relief.
	"But you are the most suitable person in Mellie's heart, and I also think you are very suitable. Mellie is my good friend. Because of your refusal, she is still sad. Of course I have to help her,"
	Jessica said. Hearing this, Felix was surprised again. It seemed to be totally different from what he thought.
	There was no sign that she was putting on airs at all. On the contrary, she was very easy-going, and she was very good to her friends, and even very sunny. Her smile seemed to be very infectious.
	At that moment, Felix seemed to understand why there were so many fans supporting Jessica.
	It was just because this person was worth it.
	Felix finally agreed. The leading actor and actress were finally decided, and the official Weibo finally released the first post about the cast for such a long time.
	However, this Weibo post was like a huge thunder, making a group of people shocked.
	It could be said that these two people's positions were completely different. After getting famous for many years, Jessica was like a noble woman, and Felix suddenly became famous, like a nouveau riche.
	The director, with a grudge, arranged a group of keyboard men to lead the bad comments.
	However, no matter it was the hero, heroine or the official Weibo, there was no movement.
	Melinda was even very happy that she had finally solved a problem. The two protagonists were decided, followed by the supporting roles.
	Although she had been worried about the main characters during this period of time, she didn't leave the supporting roles behind. It was just that Melinda focused on this side, and Victor had prepared for the rest.
	After all the preparations were done, Melinda breathed a long sigh of relief. 
Chapter 381 Raise Child
	But Melinda had a deep feeling that when people lived in the world, troubles could not disappear, even children had trouble, let alone them.
	Now everything seemed to be getting on track, but Melinda had another worry. She was five months pregnant, and there were some work that she couldn't participate in when she gave birth.
	A TV play shooting cycle was not one or two days. Moreover, in order to show the best effect, Melinda thought that all the plots did not need to be shot in a hurry.
	As long as it was the best.
	As a director, it was easy for her to choose a role. She just needed to look through the materials and let people come to the company to talk if they were suitable.
	Victor couldn't help asking what was going on when he saw that Melinda was upset even after the main characters of the play had been decided.
	In fact, he was also worried about Melinda since she came to work every day.
	Moreover, pregnant women were really sentimental. At this time, everyone was happy, but Melinda was worried.
	"I'm afraid I don't have the energy to follow up." Melinda expressed her concern. The novel was a child of her. Turning it into a TV play at this time was like raising a child. It would be a pity for Melinda to miss any growth step.
	She was worried that her child would meet a stepmother.
	The more Melinda thought about it, the more upset she became. Her thoughts even diverged. The more she thought about it, the more terrible it became.
	Hearing this, Victor looked at Melinda's belly and immediately understood her. It was indeed difficult for Melinda to do these things.
	It had been Melinda who insisted.
	Victor had been following up, so he knew more about what Melinda had done for this. Seeing that she was still worried about this matter, he could not help saying, "Don't worry. I will help you to make this TV play well, and never let the readers down,"
	said Victor. He wanted to comfort Melinda by patting her head, but he also realized the identity of the two people. This was really unreasonable, so he held back.
	"These people are all chosen by you. You should be confident in yourself," Victor comforted her, trying to distract her sad attention.
	Even if it was a staff member in this play, Melinda had to check in person. She would reference a lot of materials in the design of any scene.
	It could be said that she was really very careful. At present, there were very few directors in the circle who could do such a thing.
	What was more, as an outsider, Melinda could only tell others with the simplest action that she could.
	She knew that because she became a director, many staff thought this play was a children's play. They insisted on it just because they valued the value behind it.
	"Yes, I trust them." In fact, she was still a little worried. She had seen Felix's acting skills, so she didn't need to worry too much. She just didn't know how Jessica would act.
	But now that she had made a choice, she would definitely believe them.
	Victor put down what he was doing and kept accompanying and joking to relieve Melinda's mood. By the time Melinda came back home from work, she finally calmed down a lot.
	In fact, at the moment when she asked staff to announce the casting on the official Weibo, Melinda began to worry. It had nothing to do with her how others guessed before, but after it was released, it meant that everyone in the crew was under the observation of others.
	She knew those comments, but she deliberately ignored them and told herself that they would disappear when the finished product came out.
	Besides, although the person in charge of publicity didn't make any statement, he also found someone to control the comments.
	When Melinda got home, her heavy heart finally eased a lot. She was even busier than Jonas. He had already been home, but she was still on the way home.
	This made Jonas feel much unhappier. He began to regret agreeing to let her be a director.
	But he couldn't say anything to refuse her when he saw her work so hard for one thing.
	Recently, Queena also had a lot of opinions about the busy work of Melinda, but her son didn't say anything, so she endured it.
	Seeing that Melinda came back late again, she couldn't help saying, "Haven't you chosen the hero and heroine? Why are you still so busy?"
	Queena still didn't know that Melinda had participated in the production of the whole play. She just thought that she was just going to choose the casting, so she couldn't understand why Melinda was still busy after she had chosen the casting.
	"We have to prepare for the shooting now. There are a lot of things to do," Melinda said with embarrassment, and then sat next to Jonas. Seeing that he didn't look well, she felt wronged as if she was fighting alone.
	The most unbearable thing for Jonas was that Melinda felt wronged. His face softened at once, but he couldn't help worrying, "The weather is getting colder and colder. Don't go home so late in the future. Slow down the shooting."
	"There are so many people waiting. I don't want to disappoint them," said Melinda. She just felt that the progress had been delayed for a long time.
	Before the official casting was released, many people even asked if the play was stopped.
	"Are so many people more important than your family?" No matter what Melinda did, Nelson would not say a word, but at this time he could not help but speak.
	Hearing this, Melinda's eyes were a little red, but finally she controlled herself. She also realized her mistake, but once she took the responsibility, she couldn't let it go.
	"I'm sorry. I'll be careful in the future," Melinda said. However, she was obviously in a bad mood at dinner, which led to her poor appetite. She left before eating two bites.
	Queena couldn't help but glare at Jonas and complained, "Why you have to find yourself something to worry about?"
	If it weren't for the fact that Jonas wanted to turn the novel of Melinda into a TV play, such a series of things wouldn't have happened.
	At this moment, Jonas felt as if he was lifting a stone to hit his own feet.
	In a bad mood, after returning to the bedroom, Melinda directly found clothes to wash up. She always took everything seriously. She felt that she could understand her family's thoughts, and even think of ways.
	But her family only thought she was willful.
	'If it weren't for the baby in my belly.' When this thought flashed through Melinda's mind as she touched it, she wanted to slap herself hard.
	How could she have such an idea? How sad would the child be if he knew it?
	When Jonas returned to his bedroom, he saw a rich expression on Melinda's face.
	"What's wrong? Are you unhappy?" Jonas asked as he hugged Melinda. He didn't say anything, which made Melinda feel a little guilty.
	She found a comfortable posture beside Jonas. The two of them just hugged each other silently for a long time.
	After a long time, Melinda licked her dry lips and said hesitantly, "I know you are worried about me and the baby. I have thought about it."
	"What?" The fact that Melinda could still think of these problems made Jonas feel relieved, but this thought was one thing and how to do it was another.
	He waited for Melinda's answer after thinking.
	"I think I can do as many things as I can now. When it's getting bigger, I won't care about these troublesome things. Moreover, Victor said he would help me,"
	Melinda said. In fact, it was inevitable for her to feel a little regretful. She could only place all this on the next time.
	"Victor?" Although Jonas knew that there was nothing between Melinda and Victor, he was still a little unhappy when he heard the name.
	It could be said that he would not feel happy at all when Melinda spoke out the name of any man.
	"Well, he has been helping me all the time. He knows these things and my thoughts best," said Melinda. Jonas's eyebrows wrinkled again.
	'Shouldn't I be the one who knows her best? Why did she mention another man at this time?'
	But when Jonas thought that Melinda was about to let go of these things, he didn't think he could say anything more. But what Melinda did next made him lose his temper again.
	After accompanying Melinda for a while, Jonas went to wash his face and brush his teeth. When he came back, Melinda was holding her phone and quickly moving her fingers on the screen, replying the message very quickly.
	Thinking of that he would occasionally send messages to Melinda, but received the reply very slowly, Jonas's unhappy mood rose again.
	As a steady and quiet person, Jonas suddenly made a big noise.
	However, Melinda didn't shift her attention at all. She was still texting back, sometimes smiling, sometimes frowning.
	She would even speak when she couldn't reply in time. When Jonas heard that it was also about the TV play, and it was Victor, he could no longer restrain his temper.
	"Melinda Mo!" His tone was a little serious. Hearing this, Melinda was so scared that her phone fell to the side. She was about to pick it up, but when she met the eyes of Jonas, she silently withdrew her hand.
	"What's wrong?" Melinda asked innocently, and Jonas was furious. He breathed a sigh of relief and tried to calm himself down.
	Then he said sadly, "Now even if you are with me, you have to hold your cell phone and send messages to them all the time?"
	Jonas said, but there was still anger in his tone. Hearing this, Melinda fell silent. She thought of what Jonas had done and her reaction.
	"I'm sorry." She was a person who was able to compromise and be flexible. She immediately realized her mistake and actively apologized, "I promise I won't do it again."
Chapter 382 Rumors
	The basic actors and actresses were ready. The crew had been selected from the very beginning. During the selection of the hero and heroine, the shooting location had been discussed by Melinda with Victor.
	This was an urban TV play, and the site was basically in A City. The main company of the hero and the heroine was directly determined to use the company of Victor and Colson.
	And some other places were left to Victor to deal with, and Melinda just wanted to see if it was appropriate.
	The shooting date was chosen by someone hired by Melinda. There was also a ceremony. The script was finally decided and attracted a lot of media to watch. Many media began to rub their hands together to become the direct line reporters stationed in this crew, and get the first-hand information at any time.
	But in order not to make Melinda more annoyed, Jonas didn't let the reporters enter the crew after the shooting. The outside world could only know the progress of the crew from the official Weibo.
	It took a long time for the final makeup photos to be released. This crew worked in a completely different way from other crew, but it was protected behind, and no media dared to find fault with it.
	When the make-up photos were released, they received a lot of positive comments on the Internet. All the fans felt relieved as they thought that Felix and Jessica were suitable for this role. The readers only hoped that the acting skills of the two could be good.
	In the play, the two people, Felix and Jessica, who worried Melinda the most, had a tacit understanding when they were acting. Although Jessica didn't act much, under the lead of Felix, she could soon get into the play, and her level was very high.
	The two assistant directors felt strange when they saw the scene. They had thought that inviting a big shot like Jessica who had no acting skills would delay the progress of the crew.
	They didn't expect that everything would go so smoothly, but the most worrying one was the main female supporting role. Alice's acting was sometimes in a high and sometimes low state.
	But it was undeniable that her performance was admirable most of the time. Even Melinda felt that sometimes, it was as if this role had really come out of a book.
	The heroine and hero had the most scenes in the play. The love sense shown by Felix and Jessica made Melinda feel gratified.
	The two of them had been tit for tat, but they got along with each other more and more harmoniously. The two assistant directors also said to Melinda that watching the two people acting had a feeling that the two were really in love.
	However, the two people just felt that they were acting like this in the play, but Melinda felt a little different. Although her body was not allowed now, Melinda would still invite the crew to dinner from time to time.
	Felix had taken good care of Jessica outside the shooting site, and his behaviors were natural.
	Although Jessica was outgoing and could make friends with many people, she wasn't close to them in many cases.
	So far, there were only two friends for her, Melinda and Stacy.
	However, she had never refused these intimate behaviors, which surprised Melinda, but she faintly felt something between the two people.
	Jessica was a straightforward person. Seeing that Melinda always looked at the two people inquisitively, she directly told them that the two had already been together.
	"When did it happen?" In the entertainment circle, Melinda had seen a lot of people fall in love with each other because of acting. But if this person was her friend, she was still a little worried.
	The reason why she worried about her was that she was afraid that all this was because of the acting and they just liked each other in the play.
	"I confirmed it two days ago. Now I think life is really wonderful. I really appreciate the misunderstanding at that time," Jessica said with a smile.
	It was not until now that Melinda found that there was a little woman's coquetry in Jessica, and her eyes were filled with happiness.
	On the other hand, Jessica thought that if it weren't for the misunderstanding, Felix wouldn't have missed her for so many years. Now she realized that it made sense to all the meetings and missing.
	Looking at the happy expression on Jessica's face, Melinda couldn't help but worry. The most important thing was that she thought if the relationship between the two was announced at this time, the consequences would be caused.
	Obviously, it was not a good time at this time. Many keyboard men were abusing about the two people's acting together. If it was released, it would definitely affect Felix and this play.
	Felix was not as famous as Jessica. If the news came out at this time, it would definitely give the keyboard men a chance to play a role. And Melinda had already thought about what they were going to abuse.
	Many people were fighting for the leading role of the play, and Melinda finally chose Felix, who was just popular. As for Jessica, she had a strong background and fame, and at that time, there would naturally be people who would talk about the hidden rules.
	Seeing the hesitant look on Melinda's face, Jessica could tell what she was thinking. She had been in this circle for a long time and knew something better than Melinda. But at this time, she didn't want to be affected by these comments from the outside world.
	She believed in her own judgment. Felix was not the kind of person who would choose to be with her for her fame. Otherwise, he wouldn't have refused to act with her because of a misunderstanding.
	If a person really cared about these fames, he had no reason to refuse at all.
	"Don't worry. We know what we are doing," said Jessica, with a comforting smile on her face. She looked forward to the future.
	Melinda felt sorry for her friend if she said something at this time.
	"Anyway, I'm on your side. If you want to announce it, you'd better do it well in advance," said Melinda. She thought that maybe she had thought too much. As for such things, Jessica and Felix would only know better than her.
	If two people had each other in their hearts, they would not let each other suffer any grievance.
	So Melinda believed that they must have a way to deal with it.
	"Okay." In fact, Jessica was also thinking about this question. But now, the problem was that the two of them were together, and even the people in her studio couldn't know it.
	After all, the people in the studio were not necessarily loyal. What if someone spread the gossip.
	The members of the crew were the same. Although they were all personally selected by Melinda and Victor, some news in the crew would still be known by the outsiders in the form of hearsay.
	The two of them didn't talk about this topic any more. Melinda believed that Jessica could handle it well.
	Since Jessica chose to tell her, she believed that Melinda wouldn't tell anyone.
	She and Felix were still the same as before. Ordinary people couldn't see anything between the two, but Melinda, who knew the truth, looked at the two and felt that there was something between the two.
	She sighed in her heart, but in the end, it only turned into blessings for the two people.
	Everything went well in the casting group, and Melinda didn't worry much about it. Alice, who was in a mixed state, was more diligent now.
	At the beginning, when Alice joined the crew, she still had put on airs, but now all these were gone, and she looked very approachable in the crew.
	In particular, she often ordered takeout to invite the crew to eat, such as milk tea, and so on. She was completely different from the cold before. All of a sudden, she seemed to be in the mortal world and began to be kind to the people.
	Alice's behavior also earned a lot of favor. Melinda was gratified with her behavior. She had always thought that Alice was too lonely, and now it was good.
	Although they were not close friends, they sometimes cared about her sincerely.
	Alice didn't dwell on the role of the heroine as the outside world did. She got along well with Jessica in the crew.
	However, Melinda found that Alice became more and more depressed. She seldom talked in the crew, and even her assistant felt strange, saying that she seemed to have changed into another person.
	Usually, the two vice directors talked a lot with Alice, followed by Melinda. Alice found the two people basically for the script.
	She seemed to have completely put herself in this role. The most thing she did every day was to study the script, and her acting skills began to be stable.
	Every time she understood the role, the two directors and Melinda were surprised. They didn't expect that Alice would discover some details of the original work and make up for it in her own way.
	Seeing that everything was fine in the crew, Melinda wanted to put aside her work, although the rumors about them had not stopped since the day of shooting.
	Although Alice's performance was wonderful and even brightened people's eyes most of the time, Melinda somehow felt a little worried. She always felt that Alice was too strange.
	In the outside world, because Alice became the supporting role, and a singer, Jessica, suddenly became the heroine, which made all the onlookers feel that there was something fishy about it.
	After all, Alice had a strong background and good acting skills, so she was the best choice. But in the end, she chose Jessica. The fans of the two sides were quarreling fiercely.
	The person involved had made an explanation, but no one believed it. The agent of both sides thought that they could also have a free ticket to the hot topics, which didn't matter at all.
	Melinda had never heard of rumors outside. Sometimes, she also heard some of them. Some of her friends asked her, but she just smiled.
	The readers in the comment area were the most anxious. They were asking about the progress of the crew every day, and Melinda patiently replied.
	She told the readers that everything in the crew was fine and there was no problem. 'Don't worry. I won't let you down.'
	Although these were the same words, she replied one by one. 
Chapter 383 Schizophrenia
	Most of the comments from the outside were handled by the people from the announcing department, and all Melinda needed to do was to deal with the work in the crew.
	The people in the crew were not idiots, and they were all smart people. Many people had seen what had happened between Felix and Jessica, but no one dared to ask.
	Some experienced supporting roles would tease Felix, but it was also a test. If Felix and Jessica really got together, they should pay attention to their attitude towards Felix in the future.
	They did know about it, and they still wanted to tell their friends. That was why the crew was closed and the gossip would still be known.
	However, something happened in the end.
	Colson really doted on Alice. No matter how many things happened in the company, he would spare time to accompany her, which made the whole crew nervous every time he came.
	Colson was gentle only to Alice, so he was cruel to others, which made people feel horrible.
	The only people in the crew who could talk to him were Melinda and Victor.
	Victor didn't have so many scruples. He didn't think that his friendship with Colson was for benefits and didn't care what others said.
	"Cut." With the assistant director's somewhat angry voice, the scene fell into silence, because this kind of anger that could not be vented was aimed at Alice.
	Alice was in a good state before, but she was a little strange these two days. She often said wrong lines, and today it was even worse. She was completely talking nonsense.
	So even if Colson was here, the assistant director couldn't help but get a little angry. Looking at her, Melinda felt worried and didn't know what was going on.
	"Let's take the next scene first and let Miss Zhang have a rest," Melinda said to the assistant director. She saw the assistant director's face darkened.
	"There are only two scenes here. Both of them belong to Alice," the assistant director said. Hearing this, Melinda felt a little embarrassed. She took a look at Colson, whose eyes were full of pity. At this time, Colson had already stepped forward and hugged Alice to comfort her.
	Everyone in the crew was silent. No one dared to speak, but everyone wanted to go back to rest early after the shooting.
	"It's okay. Relax. You are always the best." Colson hugged Alice and comforted her. Alice looked at him as if he was a stranger.
	She frowned with distress, as if she was thinking about who was holding her. The dazed look in her eyes made people feel sorry for her.
	Holding her waist, Melinda walked to the side of the two people. She felt something was wrong when she saw Alice behave like this. In fact, it was not the first time that Alice had behaved like this.
	In the past, everyone thought that she wanted to play this role well, but now no one would think so. Everyone could see that this was not the pressure caused by acting, as if there was something wrong.
	"Mr. Zhang, how is Miss Zhang?" Melinda asked anxiously. She was too heavy to do many things, so she had to stand aside.
	Victor looked at them not far away and was a little worried about Melinda. When Alice heard the voice and saw it was Melinda, she became more excited.
	She was a little resistant to Colson's embrace just now, but now she shrank in his arms for protection. She even muttered "walk away" to Melinda.
	Although Melinda looked a little embarrassed, she still kept smiling.
	"If Alice can't shoot this movie, you can change another actress," Colson said. There was something wrong with Alice. She was immersed in the role in the play.
	She thought this role was herself. Sometimes, she couldn't even figure it out herself.
	When the director heard that he was going to change another actress, he was secretly glad. It could be said that he was not very satisfied with this actress at the beginning, but he had no choice. There was a rich man behind her who could not be offended.
	Then Alice's acting skill was in a good state. He breathed a sigh of relief secretly. He didn't expect that the good scene would not last long. She always talked nonsense when filming.
	If it were any other actresses, he would have asked them to change.
	"I know. Mr. Zhang, don't worry. I will find a suitable actress to replace her," The director said. He felt happy. Finally, this woman who had always been a burden to the crew was about to leave.
	At first, Melinda wanted to explain something, but when she saw the expression on Colson's face and Alice's state, she finally swallowed all these words.
	"You can arrange it. The investment will be as usual," Colson said. He knew what these people cared about the most.
	Although these people were not a threat to him, he didn't want them to have the chance to speak ill of Alice behind her back.
	These words could be regarded as a warning. If these people were sensible, they would naturally invest. If they did something that offended him, then they would discuss everything again.
	At that time, the discussion would not be as simple as investment, and Melinda didn't even dare to think about the profit relationship.
	"You can arrange it directly." Colson knew that these people's worries were only for him, so he simply said to one of them who could understand.
	Melinda nodded and said worriedly, "Do you need me to take Miss Zhang to the hospital for a check-up?" After all, she became like this in Melinda's own territory, and she was also worried.
	"No, thanks,"
	Colson said coldly and coaxed Alice away. All the people in the crew were in a daze.
	"The main female supporting role are not feeling well and may not be able to act in the following. You should find a new actress as soon as possible. Besides, I don't want to see what happened today on the news."
	Melinda looked gentle, but after getting along with her for a period of time, the group of people were somewhat familiar with her.
	She was just easy-going, but when it came to some points related to interests, she wouldn't flinch, especially about her TV series.
	After Colson left the crew with Alice, he couldn't help but worry. Then he asked the driver to drive the car directly to the hospital, intending to take Alice to have a check-up.
	After all, when he just saved her, she was in such a state, which made him a little worried.
	Alice was still talking nonsense all the way. The doctor asked Colson to take her to the psychiatric department for examination. Colson had a bad feeling, but he was unwilling to admit it at this time.
	He felt more and more sorry for Alice, and even began to hate himself for not protecting her well and causing her to be stimulated and hurt by the outside world.
	The people in the hospital didn't dare to neglect Colson's identity. The chief doctor of the department checked Alice in person. As the investigation went deeper, he frowned.
	"Mr. Zhang, now we have a preliminary diagnosis of Miss Zhang. She is schizophrenic," said the doctor, with a touch of pity in his tone. What a young girl! How could she get such a disease?
	But it was not a serious illness. Nowadays, people were under great mental pressure. More or less, they had hidden mental diseases, but schizophrenia was rare.
	Hearing this, Colson seemed to be awakened by a blow. He finally realized why Alice was different sometimes. She was not acting, but because of a schizophrenic.
	She couldn't tell which one was her.
	This kind of illness happened most in actors and actresses who were easy to immerse in the play.
	"How to treat it?" Colson asked after a long silence. The man seemed to have aged a lot in an instant. The doctor couldn't bear to see him like this.
	It was said that Alice was a mistress of Colson and Alice was a tramp. But at this moment, the doctor saw through their relationship.
	It was pure love, not as disgusting as the outsiders said. He majored in psychology, so he saw it more thoroughly.
	"She'd better have a good rest at home and assist with medicine. She'd better do some psychological guidance. This kind of illness can be cured."
	The doctor said that Alice was not very serious now. Fortunately, she was found in time. If she was treated properly, she could recover.
	But this was like a new person. No one could be sure that which was the real her.
	"Give me the prescription," said Colson. The doctor quickly gave him the prescription. Looking at the long medicine on it, Colson felt even more distressed.
	Alice was taken home for recuperation, and Colson completely abandoned the work of the crew and asked them to find another person, which meant that every scene related to her before would be reshuffled.
	It was a big blow to the casting group. After all, it was not a random supporting role to leave, but a female main one, and the one with a lot of scenes.
	"The loss of the crew will be compensated by the Puppet entertainment company. Alice will no longer participate in this play," said Colson. He regretted agreeing to let Alice act in this play.
	"Mr. Zhang, it doesn't matter. I'm just worried about Miss Zhang," Melinda said worriedly. The Puppet entertainment company had invested enough in the play. The loss was nothing at all.
	But now Alice had an accident, as the main person in charge of this play, Melinda was still very concerned.
	"She is fine." Colson didn't want to say anything more and hung up the phone. But there was something on Melinda's mind. She didn't stay long in the crew and asked the driver to send her to the Zhang's house.
	The Zhang's house was located in a bustling area, covering a large area. Melinda got out of the car, held her waist and rang the doorbell, but no one came to open the door.
	After a long time, a man who looked like a butler came out and said apologetically to Melinda, "Mrs. Gu, our Miss needs to rest quietly now. Our Master doesn't want to see guests. Please go back."
	Colson's idea was simple. He was worried that the appearance of Melinda would irritate Alice.
	Melinda didn't expect this and felt a little disappointed. She went back home and told Jonas about it. 
Chapter 384 Bug
	With a complicated expression on her face, Melinda leaned against Jonas. She couldn't tell how she was feeling to Alice now, but she was sure that she didn't hate her at the beginning.
	She even felt sorry for her. It was said that hateful people must have a pity, which was not wrong at all.
	It was not easy for Alice to have someone who treated her sincerely, but now this happened.
	However, what Colson did made Melinda believe more that Colson had feelings for Alice.
	Hearing what Melinda said, Jonas felt something was wrong. Perhaps he had been deceived by Emily for too many times, so he didn't believe in her anymore.
	"Maybe it's a lie made up by Alice. Anyway, since Colson doesn't allow you to see her, you'd better not go to find her. It's better to stay away from her,"
	Jonas said. He was also worried about Melinda. Her belly was getting bigger and bigger. She had the ability to nourish the fetus at home, but she acted as if she had no money at home.
	But looking at the progress of the crew, thinking that it was all done by Melinda, Jonas felt very proud. 'Look, my woman is so great.'
	Since Jonas had said so, Melinda would not go against him. She nodded to show that she knew.
	Now Melinda had been pregnant for more than six months, and she was getting more and more exhausted. In addition, everything else in the crew went well, and after such a thing as Alice, she was a little tired.
	The new female supporting role was chosen by the two assistant directors after discussion. Victor had also read her information. She was good in all aspects and was willing to work hard. After reading her information, Melinda agreed her to join the crew.
	Victor was very familiar with the crew's affairs, and the two deputy directors were also very professional, which made Melinda feel more relieved. Thinking that her belly was getting bigger and bigger, she discussed with Jonas to hand over the matter to Victor, and she returned home to recuperate the fetus.
	She could go to the crew when she had something to do. Anyway, the driver was waiting for her twenty-four hours a day.
	Jonas couldn't agree with Melinda more. He even breathed a sigh of relief. He finally waited for the day when Melinda said she would have a rest.
	Without any hesitation, Melinda decided to have a talk with Victor and the two deputy directors after she decided to nourish the fetus. After handing over all the things, she went straight home.
	Melinda's days at home were not boring. Victor knew that she still cared about the crew, so he would talk about it with her from time to time.
	Unlike before, the crew's official Weibo would occasionally release a lot of funny interaction. The happiest thing every day to Melinda was to read these news.
	Most of the time, Melinda rested on the third floor, while the servant prepared food for her on the first floor. Melinda ate less every meal but more meals. She just rested at home for a week, and her whole body became much fatter.
	Realizing that if it went on like this, it would be difficult for her to give birth, so Melinda would still ask the servant to take her around. If the weather outside was not good, she would walk in the Gu's mansion.
	Anyway, the Gu's mansion was big enough, which was the idea in Melinda's mind. She kept a happy mood every day, and such a change made Jonas very surprised. He sighed in his heart, fortunately, he had promised to let her do these things.
	Otherwise, Melinda would not be like this at this time. Instead, she had a long face all day long. Thinking of this, Jonas felt very sorry for her.
	Melinda was wearing a loose maternity dress, which made her look lazy. However, her inborn tenderness was more and more obvious, which made people feel good at a glance.
	It was rare for a person to have such a temperament. In Nelson's words, people who had such a temperament nowadays were basically grandma and grandpa.
	Melinda said that grandpa was saying that she was old, and then she said sweetly that in this way, she could have something in common with him.
	Anyway, Melinda was the delight in the family.
	"Auntie, please take me out for a walk. There is no sunshine and it's not too cold outside." Looking at the weather outside, Melinda said. She was still not in good health and could not bask in the sun.
	So this kind of weather was a good news for Melinda. The servant put down the fruit plate in her hand and accompanied Melinda out of the room.
	The corridor was dark. With the help of the servant, Melinda went downstairs and saw two furtive figures coming out of the corridor on the second floor. The two people were a little flustered and didn't notice that Melinda was downstairs at all.
	The servant was also surprised to see this scene. Melinda couldn't help but think of what she had seen before and what she had said to Jonas.
	Jonas asked her to pay more attention to Yulia when she was at home.
	"Who was beside Young Miss just now?" These days, Melinda seldom stayed at home. She only felt that the person who left with Yulia was a little familiar, but she couldn't remember who it was.
	"He seems to be Miss. Yulia's boyfriend," said the servant. Melinda frowned more tightly and was not in the mood to go out for a walk. After making sure that the two had left, she asked the servant to take her to the study of Alston.
	Obviously, someone had just entered the study. There were many hallways in the Gu's mansion, and most of the time, the one in the middle. In order to stop Yulia from doing anything, Melinda asked the servant to prepare a fruit plate. She went to call Yulia, but found that she was not in the bedroom at all.
	"Auntie, take me back to the third floor."
	A bad feeling rose in Melinda's heart. The third floor was a forbidden area, and generally no one would go there. But there was also a bad point. There was no one on the third floor, and it was easy for villain to have a chance.
	When Melinda went back to the third floor, she first went back to her bedroom. Seeing that everything was fine, she breathed a sigh of relief. Then she held her belly and rummaged through Jonas's night table.
	Finally, she found a bug. After thinking for a while, Melinda went to Jonas's study next door and found a secluded corner to install it.
	It was difficult to guard against domestic evils. She couldn't do too many things, but she had to do so because Jonas seldom stayed at home during the day.
	After everything was done, Melinda felt relieved secretly. The servant saw all this and thought that she was very smart.
	As usual, Melinda went out for a walk. Not long after she left, two people walked out from the end of the corridor on the third floor.
	Yulia sneaked into Jonas's study with a tall man.
	As soon as Melinda walked out of the door, she heard the sound from the Bluetooth headset. She immediately stopped. At first, there was only the sound of opening the door, and ordinary people could not enter Jonas's study.
	Melinda frowned. It was definitely not a temporary plan, but a deliberate one.
	In the study, when she heard that the two were about to steal the confidential information of the company, she wanted to ask Jonas to come back as soon as possible. She had thought that they couldn't open the door with the two, but then she heard a crisp click.
	The door was opened by them.
	Regardless of the servant who was still sorting out her belongings, Melinda turned around and went back to the room. It was a little difficult for her to go upstairs. Holding the handrail, Melinda walked upstairs anxiously.
	The conversation between the two people came through the Bluetooth headset.
	"What's wrong with Jonas? He has to be divided into different areas in his own house. Why does he have so many locks in a shabby study?"
	The man's voice was somewhat sarcastic. It could be said that he was very anxious to get some information. If it weren't for the lock, they wouldn't have waited so long.
	"It's all solved now. What kind of information do you want? How can you find it with so much information?" Although Yulia said so, she felt a little aggrieved in her heart. How terrible her brother was.
	Moreover, it took her a long time to find a way to break the lock, but her boyfriend didn't comfort her and even complained.
	But when she thought of the things that would be done soon, Yulia became excited again. As long as everything was done, she could completely get rid of the name of illegitimate daughter.
	And she wouldn't have no place in the family like air. At that time, these people would have to be respectful to her.
	"You don't understand even if I tell you. Just stay at the door and watch," the man said. He had given up letting Yulia look for the information, not to mention that most of Jonas's information was in English and other language.
	Yulia had a deep understanding of herself. Last time she looked for something in the study of Alston because she didn't know the documents, and she was almost found by Melinda.
	Speaking of Melinda, she became vigilant again. Although she saw Melinda go out just now, she was still worried.
	She complained in her heart, 'Why doesn't she stay in the crew for a few more days? It's more difficult for me to move.'
	When Melinda was at home, there were more servants than usual. But at this time, Yulia was very grateful for his brother's order that he did not allow outsiders to go to the third floor at will, which gave her a lot of convenience.
	"Is it difficult to find such a confidential document?" Yulia said, then she felt the door was pushed open. With an angry face, Melinda stood at the door and looked at the two people.
	The two of them were shocked and looked at Melinda. Yulia's boyfriend's eyes suddenly became fierce. He put down the thing in his hand, and then came forward to control Melinda.
	"It's so troublesome. Come and help me," the man said. He was not satisfied with Melinda's struggle. Finally, Yulia came back to her senses and went to help control Melinda. The voice of the servant calling Melinda came from downstairs.
	The two looked at each other, and then quickly left the study. When no one noticed, the two quietly took Melinda out of the Gu's mansion. 
Chapter 385 Mother And Baby Are Safe
	Yulia and her boyfriend left the Gu's mansion soon. The servant looked around but didn't see Melinda. She began to worry about her.
	Melinda was not the kind of person who didn't tell others before she did anything. At this time, what she worried most was whether something had happened to Melinda.
	Thinking of this, she broke out in a cold sweat. Her hands and feet were trembling. She dialed the number to Jonas.
	Since the servant was taking care of Melinda, Jonas gave her a private phone number. Even if he was in a meeting at this time, he could receive her call.
	Jonas had been restless today, thinking that something would happen. At this time, he received a call from the servant, and his heart sank.
	"Young Master, Young Mistress is missing." The servant's voice was almost desperate. She had already thought of how miserable she would end up. A living person disappeared in front of her.
	The key point was that they were still in the Gu's mansion. She was really upset that something happened to Melinda even in the Gu's mansion.
	Hearing this, Jonas felt dizzy. Then he came to his senses and asked the servant to wait for him at home. He would go home immediately.
	Seeing this, Ted knew something was wrong. The two of them put aside their work and went back to the Gu's mansion, and left the meeting to William.
	When Jonas returned to the Gu's mansion, he had already asked the servant what had happened during this period of time. When he saw the mess in the study, he knew that something had happened to Melinda.
	Besides, it was highly possible that Yulia did it.
	"No one." Ted knew well about Jonas. After knowing what had happened, he quickly went to the bedroom of Yulia, only to find that there was no one there.
	Perhaps, this matter was done by Yulia.
	"You go and investigate,"
	said Jonas. Then he took the bug to Ted and asked him to investigate. This was the only clue that could find some information now.
	At the thought of Melinda and the baby in her belly, Jonas clenched his fists. It seemed that Yulia was tired of living. If she didn't want to live a good life, then don't blame him for being ruthless.
	Jonas would never let go of anyone who hurt Melinda.
	Ted could understand Jonas best, so he asked his friends to investigate the contents of the bug, and then he directly investigated Yulia.
	When the voice appeared in the room, Jonas finally knew what Yulia wanted to do. It turned out that she wanted to steal the confidential information from his study.
	Linda must have known about it and wanted to stop it. How stupid Linda was. How could she be able to deal with these two people alone?
	"Ask someone to kidnap Yulia's boyfriend."
	There was no emotion in Jonas's words. He was like the king of hell who was giving orders. Even though Ted was used to it, he felt a little scared at this moment.
	It seemed that boss was going to be serious this time. He really didn't know what those idiots were thinking about.
	The friends of Ted were efficient. After they found out the address of Yulia's boyfriend, they quickly found a few bros and directly came to catch him, without any reason.
	He was locked in the underground warehouse where they usually dealt with some unreasonable people. When Ted arrived at the warehouse with Jonas, the first feeling they felt was darkness.
	There was a man lying on the floor. He was in a black suit and looked normal. And this man was Yulia's boyfriend.
	Usually, he looked gentle, but now he was in such a mess here. He was still confused. All of a sudden, a group of people broke into his house and tied him here.
	He was a little scared and realized something, but he didn't expect that the other party would take action so quickly. He didn't know what was going on with Yulia.
	"Boss, it's this scumbag." Ted kicked Yulia's boyfriend and said to Jonas. Even a glance at him made Jonas feel disgusted, but he might know where Linda was now.
	"Let's interrogate him directly." Jonas didn't want to say anything more and asked someone to interrogate him directly. Yulia's boyfriend's heart jolted. Although it was said that Jonas was not easy to get along with, the man he knew was just a slave to his wife.
	Such a person must be very spineless, which was his thought. But at this time, the Jonas in front of him was completely different from what he had imagined. He was like a devil, a devil that could kill him at any time.
	Hearing this, Ted cast a glance at his bros. After so many years corporation, they immediately understood what he meant.
	They walked to the side of Yulia's boyfriend and put him on the shelf. They waved the whip in their hands, which could make his skin and flesh split at once.
	"Tell me, where is Mrs. Gu?" one of them said, and then the whip fell on Yulia's boyfriend. With a sound of cloth pulling, the blood red wound appeared on his body.
	He let out a cry of pain and curled up, gasping. It was difficult to speak now, not to mention saying out the whereabouts of Melinda. But they pretended to know nothing and whipped him hard again.
	They didn't hesitate at all. The sound of skin and flesh breaking would only make them feel happier.
	Yulia's boyfriend was so painful that he almost fainted. After this group of people beaten him up, they thought that they had to ask him to tell the address, so they finally stopped what they were doing.
	"Are you still unwilling to tell us? We have many other tools," one of them said as he took out a dagger and rubbed it.
	It seemed to express that he could take the dagger and cut his flesh one by one.
	At this time, no matter how painful it was, Yulia's boyfriend still held on and shouted, "I'll say."
	"You should have behaved like this at the beginning." The man put away the dagger and said. Of course, he would never admit that he deliberately didn't give him a chance to speak just now.
	He couldn't stand such violent and bloody torture for a long time. He told them the place where Melinda was without hesitation, but the other party did not intend to let him go.
	After getting the place where Melinda was locked up, Jonas and his men didn't stop rushing there. It was a dark warehouse, and there was even a rotten smell.
	Ted covered his nose and said to his friends, "This man is also a talent. How could he find a place worse than yours?"
	Hearing this, they rolled their eyes at Ted.
	It was dark inside, but there was no one inside. At last the group of people found the fainted Melinda behind a gasoline tank.
	Her face was pale and bloodless. If it weren't for the slight breath, which made her look like a dead person, at this moment, Jonas's mood was like a roller coaster. At last, he held Melinda tightly.
	Hugged by the familiar arms, Melinda opened her eyes at once. Tears streamed down her cheeks as she looked at Jonas.
	"Jon," Melinda cried, but there was a smile on the corner of her mouth. It was so good. At any time, this person would definitely appear by her side like her superhero.
	"It's all right. Are you okay?" said Jonas, comforting Melinda. He carefully picked her up and held her in his arms. Seeing this, the others quickly cleared a passage for the two people.
	With her brows knitted tightly, Melinda asked, "Jon, save the baby."
	Her biggest discomfort was the pain in her belly. Thinking that the baby was only seven months old, Melinda was worried.
	Hearing this, Jonas didn't dare to delay. The driver was Ted, and he showed his driving speed well at this time. He had already contacted the hospital.
	When they arrived, the doctor directly lifted Melinda into the cart. After knowing the situation, the doctor said to Jonas solemnly, "Madam is about to give birth."
	"Anyway, keep her alive."
	Before Melinda was sent to the operating room, she heard what Jonas said. Her tears fell instantly. She really didn't want the baby to be in trouble again.
	They had lost a lot of children. It was not easy for this baby to be so big. She could even see his appearance in the B Ultrasound. She could see what he was doing in her belly, and most of the time, she could feel his movements.
	Every scene was so happy. Was she going to lose it now?
	The words "in operation" was undoubtedly a kind of torture to Jonas. He had never thought that one day he would make such a choice, and such a thing could not be hidden anymore. After getting the news, Queena rushed to the hospital as soon as possible.
	Melinda had been in the room for a long time, and Jonas was restless. Queena came to comfort him, but as she spoke, she couldn't calm herself down.
	The red light was unprecedentedly dazzling.
	The moment the door was pushed open, the nerves of the two people tensed up. The doctor looked at the two people with a smile. "Congratulations, Mr. Jonas, it's a young master. The mother and son are safe, but because the child is premature, he has been sent to the incubator. You can go with the nurse to see your child,"
	the doctor said, but there was no response. Jonas looked straight at her. He didn't care about the baby anymore. Who he cared most now was Melinda.
	"Mrs. Melinda is also fine. She can go back to the ward after cleaning up," said the doctor. Queena couldn't help but hold Jonas in her arms and murmured, "That's great."
	It was not until Melinda had settled down that Jonas remembered what had happened at home. At this time, Queena was in the hospital. Nelson and Alston were on the way to the hospital, and now there was no one at home!
Chapter 386 Drive Out
	Thinking of the reason why everything happened, Jonas handed over the hospital's affairs to Queena and returned home quickly.
	But it was too late. The door of his study was wide open, and the safe was also smashed open, which was not as clean as usual.
	Jonas was stunned. The documents in his study were very important, many of which were confidential documents of the company.
	The Gu's mansion was in a mess. Jonas left everything to Ted to deal with. Then he went to the hospital and found Alston.
	Alston and Jonas hadn't sat down and talked peacefully for a long time.
	But for the first time, it was so heavy.
	"The study was turned over?" Alston said in disbelief. After all, the study was at home. If his home was not safe, where else could be safe.
	"Yes, father, I hope you can investigate it as soon as possible, so as to give an explanation to Linda and the child," said Jonas. He rarely showed respect to his father, but he hoped that he would stop thinking about the so-called family affection.
	This time, the accident of Linda and the baby was caused by Yulia. Although the surveillance video of the study was destroyed, Jonas had every reason to believe that it was the two of them.
	For so many years at home, Yulia didn't know what kind of person Alston was. She only destroyed the surveillance video that everyone knew, and didn't notice what was going on in the dark.
	"I can't listen to you on this matter. Don't worry. I will investigate it as soon as possible."
	Alston still didn't want to believe his daughter, who usually didn't care about anything, would do such a thing.
	But there was no need for Jonas to say these words for a sister who was not favored.
	What on earth was the truth?
	But when his people investigated and approached the truth, he suddenly realized how much he had been wrong.
	It seemed that Yulia, who seemed to be calm and indifferent to the world, had already been hooked up with Jerry because of her boyfriend. The two thought that they were the biological children of Alston and wanted to join hands to steal his property.
	Although Jonas had been working in the company for many years, he didn't have many shares. The property was all in Alston's hands.
	These had always been the goal of the two of them. At the beginning, Yulia would be afraid, but after a few times, she actually liked this feeling. Moreover, she had always been accompanied by her boyfriend, so she was not afraid at all to do these things.
	Alston was completely shocked by the news. He seemed to have aged ten years. In a night, he had a lot of grey hair at his temples.
	He used to be happy when his grandson came, but now he was heartbroken by her children who coveted his family property.
	Jonas was also surprised to get this result. Although he knew that it must have something to do with Jerry, he didn't expect that the two had cooperated for so long.
	It was hard to see that Yulia was such a woman who could endure. In Melinda's words, she was the most outstanding fence sitter, who could fall to any side.
	Thinking of the fact that Yulia had helped Queena to deal with Jerry, Jonas immediately thought it made sense, but in the end, they felt that the man who had made the greatest contribution was still Yulia's boyfriend.
	"Then what should we do now? All the documents in your study have been moved out, and dad's." Although Melinda was still in recovering, she was still worried about the family's affairs.
	When she knew this, she felt a little regretful. She thought that she shouldn't have been careless at that time. She should have been patient for a while. If Jonas found someone to deal with this matter, everything might be different.
	Fortunately, the child came to this world safely, or else Melinda would not forgive herself no matter what.
	"All you need to do now is to take good care of yourself during the first month of childbirth. Leave these things to father. He has now seen clearly what kind of person Jerry and Yulia are. He knows what to do."
	Jonas felt that his father was still sensible. Although he would feel sorry for these two illegitimate children most of the time, he would make the right decision in front of family interests.
	Besides, Nelson was watching them.
	The Gu family's business was built by Nelson. It was destroyed by two unfilial descendants. How could Nelson bear this anger?
	"I'm just worried," Melinda said with embarrassment. After all, the past was still vivid in her mind, and some of the actions of Alston were really incomprehensible.
	She didn't want to let go of Jerry and Yulia at this time. Thinking of the premature baby, Melinda was not willing to let them go at all.
	Fortunately, the baby was strong enough to hold on.
	"I'll talk to Dad," said Jonas. He didn't go back to the Gu's mansion to look for Alston until Melinda fell asleep. It was a heavy blow to Alston. In the past two days, the only person who could make him smile was probably the small boy, Morris Gu, in the incubator.
	At the sight of Jonas, he sighed. Jonas walked to Alston and saw him pour himself a glass of wine, so he directly poured himself a glass of wine. Although the two didn't say anything, there was a tacit understanding between them.
	"Dad, are you still unwilling to give up these two people?" said Jonas sarcastically. He didn't want to give up, which meant that he held hope for these two people, so he was still drinking alone at this time.
	Even so, his father was still reluctant to give up them. He remembered that he had made a mistake at that time, but was completely denied by Alston, who wanted to deprive him of the position of CEO, which made Jonas feel a little disappointed.
	This time, no matter what, he would not let Alston let go of the two easily.
	"The confidential information of the company has been taken away, and I don't know what kind of harm it will bring, but you are thinking about how to save them. Dad, there is a limit to your ridicule, okay? What these two people have been thinking about is not to repay you, but how to get more family property from you."
	Hearing the cruel truth told by Jonas, Alston became listless like an eggplant beaten by frost.
	He opened his mouth, but found that he had nothing to say to refute him.
	"I know what to do." In the end, Alston said in a lonely voice.
	"I hope you won't let me and Linda down again," said Jonas impolitely. He forced him to make a choice in this way, anyway.
	At the thought of the disappointment in the eyes of his whole family and his father's anger but disdain to speak, Alston really felt that he was wrong.
	He was wrong from the very beginning.
	He shouldn't have found Jerry, the ungrateful and unsatisfied wild wolf, back. Now that the wild wolf had recovered, it began to counterattack against him.
	Jonas returned to the hospital to take care of Melinda, while Alston continued to stay in the Gu's mansion. The Gu's mansion was still luxurious, but it was the first time for Alston to feel empty in this house. He had everything, but he felt that nothing belonged to him.
	The third floor was a forbidden area. Thinking of his unruly son, a smile appeared at the corners of Alston's mouth. In fact, it was because of the outstanding character of Jonas that he had the highest expectation of him.
	But it was also because of the unrealistic expectation that made him even more disappointed.
	When he walked into the study, he saw that it had been turned over. Alston seemed to feel that Jonas's painstaking efforts had been stained.
	"Gavin, find some security guards to drive Yulia and Jerry out of the Gu family. They are not allowed to enter the Gu's mansion again." Alston found Gavin and said to him. At first, Gavin was in a trance, feeling that he had misheard. Then he saw that Alston looked serious and was not joking.
	He didn't dare to delay any longer and quickly arranged everything.
	However, Jerry and Yulia were not at home at all, so Alston asked his men to throw the things of the two of them on the road ten meters away from the Gu's mansion.
	The same thing happened to the Soaring Group. In an instant, Jerry was taken back all his power and all Yulia's cards were all frozen.
	Alston was cruel and resolute. When the two of them realized what had happened, it was too late to make any change.
	Alston directly asked the Soaring Group's public relations department to hold a press conference. He would cut off the father and son relationship with Jerry without a reason. It made Jerry look like a rat crossing the street.
	He had once told Jerry how much honor he could receive now, and that he could also make him more embarrassed than before.
	As soon as the news came out, David was the first one to be alerted. The reason why David let Stacy be with Jerry was that he saw the value of Jerry.
	Now, Jerry was worthless and even brought some bad words. Although Alston didn't say anything, it was said that Jerry had done something that made people angry.
	It was said that he had pissed Nelson off and made him into the hospital. But the truth was that Nelson didn't want to deal with his family's troubles recently, so he stayed in the hospital with Melinda.
	"Jerry always does some dirty things. You'd better not contact with him in the future. You'd better divorce him as soon as possible." David called back Stacy at the first time and said these words to her. Now no matter how Stacy reacted, David would never let her go back to look for Jerry to avoid being involved.
	After contacting with Yulia, Jerry realized the seriousness of the matter and immediately wanted to ask Stacy for help. However, when he returned home, he found that Stacy was no longer there and he had no home.
	"What's going on?" On the way back to the Gu's mansion, when Yulia saw the burning things on the roadside, she went crazy.
Chapter 387 Not His Child
	Alston not only threw away all their things, but also hired servants to destroy them specially, leaving nothing.
	All of a sudden, the two of them only had their clothes on their bodies and nothing else.
	When Jerry and Yulia went to the bank to withdraw money, they found that their bank accounts had been frozen. Jerry always kept an eye on what he was doing, so he felt unreal even if Alston gave him a lot of things.
	Jerry felt that these things were not his. What he wanted was that these things were engraved with his own name, which was why he did this.
	After returning to the Gu clan, not only did Jerry accept the money given to him by Alston, but he also privately opened a private account and saved a lot of money into it.
	Therefore, when Jerry knew that everything was gone, he was not as restless as Yulia, but when he knew that he couldn't withdraw money from this account, he finally felt desperate.
	The two of them had completely lost everything. Yulia looked at Jerry in a daze and kept asking what to do.
	Over the years, she had lived a simple and happy life in the Gu's mansion. Now she didn't know what to do. Compared to her, Jerry was quite familiar with such a life.
	It was in the same situation that he returned to the Gu family!
	"Don't be afraid. Don't forget that we have more than that." Jerry squinted at Yulia and said. He felt that women were really troublesome. They were so scared now.
	Why didn't she think about the consequences when she did these things? But it was because she was not careful enough that Melinda found it out and changed the plan.
	"Where are we going now?" Yulia asked. It was cold outside and the wind was piercing. As the young miss of the Gu family, she never expected that she would wander on the street one day.
	But what made Yulia even more desperate was that there were actually media quietly following the two of them and taking a picture of the two of them, with very miserable words attached.
	When Melinda saw the news, she was really in a complicated mood.
	"How about you give them some money? They can't survive without anything." It was inevitable for Melinda to feel sorry for them, especially for Yulia. She used to be a delicate rich miss, and she must have never encountered such a situation.
	Hearing this, Jonas frowned. Why couldn't his wife change her soft heart?
	"They deserve it. And there are three grottoes of cunning rabbits. Don't believe these appearances," Jonas said. The cunning rabbit naturally referred to Jerry. In fact, he had been waiting for him to give himself away.
	Besides, he had taken away a lot of confidential documents. Now that there was still no movement, Jerry must be plotting something.
	There was nothing to sympathize with such a person, and only Melinda would be stupid to think that the two people were very pitiful.
	Hearing this, Melinda immediately closed her mouth, and finally said reluctantly, "I didn't expect that just now. It is said that the one who had been pregnant will be stupid for three years. It's all baby's fault."
	At last, the innocent baby took the blame. At the thought of her own child, the smile at the corners of Melinda's mouth disappeared.
	After she gave birth to the baby, she was so weak that she couldn't get out of bed. And the baby was also in the incubator. It could be said that until now, the two of them hadn't seen each other.
	She could only see the baby in the incubator in the photos and videos sent by Jonas. The small face hadn't fully grown yet, and it was because of the premature birth, so the baby looked very ugly now.
	But Melinda always believed that with Jonas's and her genes, the child would definitely be a handsome man in the future.
	"You haven't visited our baby today yet." Taking a bite of the fruit fed by Jonas, Melinda said sulkily. In fact, she missed the baby a little.
	At this time, she really wanted to recover as soon as possible so that she could get out of bed to see the baby. Thinking that the doctor said that she would be fine in two days, Melinda could not help but feel happy.
	"Let me accompany you for a while more. I'll go to see him later," said Jonas. Although he liked this child very much, he always put the child behind Melinda. This was his principle and had never changed.
	After eating the fruit, Melinda felt a little sleepy, but she still wanted to see the baby. At last, she was threatened by Jonas. If she didn't sleep, he wouldn't go to see the baby. Then she mumbled to sleep.
	The servant who took care of Melinda during her pregnancy had become her personal nurse. Although she had made a mistake last time, Jonas was not an unreasonable person. He knew that it was an accident.
	There were many babies in the incubator, all of which were in little shapes. Although they looked similar, it could be seen that they were very different.
	The appearance of Jonas's child was engraved in his heart. When he came over, he found something wrong at the first sight.
	The baby inside was not his!
	Jonas immediately exploded. The nurse in charge of the ward was so scared that she almost fainted when she heard the news. At last, the police got involved and the hospital cooperated.
	From the monitor, Jonas saw a familiar figure sneaking into the hospital. It seemed that Yulia was afraid of something and kept looking around.
	The surveillance video was destroyed again. It was obvious that someone had done that. When Jonas saw Yulia approaching the hospital, he was sure that she had done it.
	Thinking that the baby was still small and couldn't leave the incubator, but he was taken away by Yulia, Jonas was furious.
	He didn't dare to tell this to Melinda at all, but he couldn't hide it from Queena and Alston. These two people would also come here to visit the child, and they would definitely find something wrong.
	"Oh my God! What on earth did I do wrong? Why I have to handle the mess you caused?!" When Queena got the news, she almost fainted. She hit Alston and cursed.
	Her son had suffered a lot because of the romantic debt he left. Now her grandson was going to be persecuted. Queena wanted to kill the person in front of her.
	Alston didn't say anything. And he was also furious.
	"I will handle it," said Alston. It was the first time that he had been so determined when he was against Jerry and Yulia.
	This child was his grandson, and it was impossible for him not to like him. But at this time, there was a villain who wanted to hurt this child, and he could not bear it.
	Thinking that this villain was his daughter and he didn't treat her badly these years, Alston felt that his heart was bitten enough.
	Queena was still cursing Alston, who took over all these without saying a word, but Nelson couldn't bear it at all. He really fell down at this time.
	Although there was no direct evidence, the police still cooperated with them and began to search for Yulia throughout the city.
	Alston and Jonas began to contact every friends. Almost at the same time, many people in A City knew the name of Yulia, and they all knew that she would come to no good end.
	Being arrested by so many people, a brainless person like Yulia was caught almost before she could come to hide in a hurry.
	The place where Yulia was caught was an old underground rental house. The light was dim and it was dark all year round. It was a little gloomy to walk in, and Yulia was lying on the small bed in the rental house.
	The sudden intrusion of a group of people made her bounce up and look at them in horror.
	At the same time, in the hospital, Melinda woke up and realized that something was wrong. Even if Queena was with her, she was absent-minded, especially when it came to the child.
	As a smart girl, Melinda had a bad feeling in an instant. She looked at Queena and asked directly, "Mommy, is there something wrong with the baby?"
	At that time, Melinda almost felt that the baby had left her, but when she woke up, she got the news that the mother and son were safe. She thanked God for not taking back her child.
	But she hadn't seen him for a long time, so she was always uneasy. The state of Queena made her worried that everything for such a long time would be just an illusion.
	"The baby is fine. Don't think too much," said Queena. She also realized that her state made Melinda suspicious, but when she thought of the baby, who was so young and didn't know where he was, she felt a pain in her heart.
	"Mommy, tell me the truth." Melinda's eyes were fixed on Queena, so bright that no one dared to look at her. At this time, two nurses passed by the door, talking about the arrest of Yulia.
	Melinda was sure that they were hiding something from her.
	Queena sighed helplessly and told all the things to Melinda. When she knew the child was taken away by Yulia, she could no longer calm down. She lifted the quilt and got out of bed.
	Because of the pain in her body, Melinda fell to the ground unsteadily. Tears streamed down from her eyes. "Where is Jonas? Mommy, ask him to take me to see Yulia. I want to ask where she has taken my child. Can she aim at me and let him go?"
	In the basement, Yulia was in a stalemate with a group of people. Standing in the front, with disappointment in his eyes, Alston asked sternly, "Yulia Gu, where is the child hidden by you?"
	"The child? What are you talking about, father? I've been driven out by you. I have nothing." Yulia didn't admit what she had done and began to complain.
	Seeing that she was unwilling to tell the truth at this time, Alston felt even more disappointed, thinking that his love for her had fed dogs for so many years. 
Chapter 388 Something Bad Happened To Soaring Group
	The state of Melinda was very frightening, and Queena immediately lost her mind. She immediately called Jonas and told her helplessly that Melinda had known everything.
	At the same time, Jonas had just got Yulia's address from Alston. Thinking of the agitated mood of Melinda, it was obviously unrealistic for her to wait in the hospital.
	"Mommy, you stay in the hospital with her. I'll be right there." Said Jonas. He made a sharp turn and drive towards the hospital.
	He had planned to go to Alston, but he was worried about her and He drive the car faster and faster. However, when he arrived at the hospital, he saw the calm look of her.
	She just sat there silently, which made people feel very distressed. Her eyes seemed to look out of the window without any focus, and she was completely absent-minded.
	She was really afraid. She was afraid of losing this child. This child was very important to her. It was a child that came to this world.
	Was she still unable to escape from fate? Can't she have her own child?
	"Linda." He walked closer step by step, slowly and heavily. He felt very guilty. If he could care about the children a little, perhaps all this would not happen.
	"Have you found Yulia?" Her voice was extremely calm, and there was a feeling of sadness that was no greater than death. At this time, she had no hope, or in other words, she was holding the worst thinking. Perhaps, the child had been in danger.
	Tears welled up in her eyes.
	"Don't cry. I'll take you to see Yulia now. We'll find the baby soon. The baby is waiting for us." Said Jonas, holding her in his arms. Her tears were like burning flames in his heart.
	Both Melinda and Queena left with Jonas. The car was heading to a more and more strange place. At this time, in the basement, Yulia was still unwilling to admit what she had done, and was fearless to resist.
	At the moment when she saw Yulia, Melinda was not as dull as before. She rushed up in an instant. She was so weak that she almost fell down, but she punched and kicked Yulia.
	It could be said that she had never lost her mind like this in her life. She was still murmuring like a lunatic.
	"You are such a lunatic. Go away. Where is the police? Take her away quickly." Seeing this, Jonas quickly stepped forward and stopped Yulia who wanted to fight back.
	On the other hand, Queena walked aside with Melinda, wiped her tears and comforted her, "silly girl. Your health is the most important. Just let them deal with these things."
	Queena comforted Melinda, while Jonas didn't have as much misgivings as Alston. He asked his men to use those methods in front of the police to force Yulia to tell the address of the child.
	In A shabby building in A City, there was a room where the children's cry could be heard from time to time. If it was somewhere else, the neighbors would probably complain.
	But this was an old building, and almost all the people had been moved. Sitting in the house, Jerry was holding a cheap cigarette stolen from the street stall.
	It was not a big deal for him. He had tasted the cigarette butt that others had thrown away, but now he was most upset about this crying child.
	The child sat there quietly. He had been crying since he was hold by Jerry. His voice was so hoarse and he didn't stop crying. How Jerry wished he could strangle him with one hand.
	But it was not enough.
	Thinking of this, he took another drag on the cigarette. The baby's crying upset him. He threw the cigarette on the cracked ground irritably, and then left the room with the baby in his arms.
	The baby's face was red from crying. It was purple, which was a dangerous color, but no one cared about it at this moment. Annoyed, he walked to a nearby garbage can and threw the baby away.
	At this time, he didn't notice that there was still a camera in this remote place. Thinking that no one would come over here, he returned home with ease after leaving the child there.
	He didn't need to hear the baby's cry anymore, which made him feel much more comfortable. Now he was really curious about the anxious look on Jonas' face.
	In the basement, Yulia still didn't want to say it out. It was strange that this woman, who had always been afraid of death, was not afraid of these tortures at this time.
	However, no matter how hard he tried, Yulia couldn't expect that he would be stuck here, but there was an accident on the other side.
	Although they found Vernon, they didn't stop searching for the child at all. A few policemen walked to this remote place and wanted to leave. One of them wanted to solve the problem. He came over and unexpectedly heard the child's cry. It was such a coincidence to find the child.
	The police in the station soon got the news that the child was found and sent to the hospital. Everyone was relieved and quickly told the news to Jonas
	"Are you sure it's my child?" Jonas was worried that these policemen would find a child to prevaricate, so he asked doubtfully.
	The policeman's face darkened, but he still explained. He said that his men had found Jerry in a nearby shabby building and had already imprisoned him in the police station.
	Jerry didn't care about his loyalty. When he was caught, he said it out that it was Yulia who brought the child to him.
	Jonas, Melinda and Queena went back to the hospital, while Yulia was taken back to the police station.
	When the two of them saw each other in the police station, the first person who couldn't calm down was Yulia. She had been considering of the consequences, but he had thrown the child into the garbage can and made the child cry all the time. Wasn't it eye-catching?
	Thinking of the hardships she had suffered in order to hide him, she felt even more regretful.
	However, it was useless for the two of them to make fun of each other. At this time, there was no one from the Wang family or Gu family to protect them. They were directly locked up in prison.
	The baby went back to the hospital. The doctor told her that there was nothing serious with the baby, and she began to recuperate quietly again. However, after such a thing happened, she was not at ease at all. It took her almost twenty-four hours to look after the baby and then she could feel at ease.
	Bob had no choice but to send two men to guard the children.
	Although Jerry and Yulia were locked up in the building, Jonas still felt uneasy, as if everything should not be so simple.
	He realized that he seemed to have missed something.
	At night, the people of A City were in an uproar again. A person appeared from nowhere and announced many secrets about the Soaring Group. These were confidential documents and had never been exposed to the public.
	At the beginning, some people doubted it, but as more and more users scolded, they realized that it was true.
	What's more, Jonas knew that these documents were stolen from him. There were not only Soaring Group blueprint for development, but also many strategic plans.
	These were all confidential. Once they were exposed, the impact could be imagined.
	He finally understood why Yulia and Jerry was not in a hurry at all. It turned out that there was another person who hadn't appeared.
	Her boyfriend, who had a mysterious relationship with Jerry, was standing in front of the public.
	As soon as the news came out, Soaring Group's stock turned green to the end, which could be said to be a surprise to everyone.
	The company held an emergency meeting, and Bray came to the company to deal with these things, but the trouble kept coming one after another. No matter how he did it, there would always be other loopholes.
	In the middle of the night, Alston appeared in the ward of Melinda. She had already rested, but Jonas was still watching the news on the Internet.
	He was a little surprised to see Alston here.
	"Jon, let's talk." Alston looked at him and said with a helpless smile. Jonas couldn't remember how long he hadn't heard this kind of intimate calling of his name from Alston.
	Afraid of disturbing her sleep, Jonas and Alston cautiously left the ward. He asked the auntie who was guarding next door to stay with Melinda in the ward.
	The two of them arrived at the twenty-four hour coffee shop downstairs of the hospital. In the dead of night, there was almost no one in the coffee shop. The two of them found a somewhat remote corner and sat down.
	The two of them were somewhat similar at this time. They both liked bitter coffee.
	"The child and Melinda have almost recovered. Go back to the company and help me get through this." Alston spoke out his purpose directly.
	Now the company was really in a mess. Alston couldn't handle it alone, and he needed the help of Jonas. In addition, he had worked in the company for many years. Many people were only convinced by him, and they were not willing to obey his orders.
	"Okay." Taking a sip of coffee, Bob's mouth was full of bitterness, as if his feeling of his father for all these years. He did not hesitate. He did not think that he was helping his father, and he felt that it was his responsibility.
	Soaring Group was also his painstaking efforts. He couldn't let the villain be destroyed like this.
	After hearing what he said, Alston was finally relieved. Then he told Jonas the current situation of the company. Although he was prepared, he didn't expect it to be so serious.
	After finished their coffee, they returned to the company and began to deal with these things. 
Chapter 389 She Suffered More
	It was not until the second day that she woke up that she knew about it. She was very worried when she read the news on the Internet, but she had never heard of it from Jonas.
	However, no matter how many things he had to deal with in the company, he would go to the hospital to accompany her for at least an hour every day. He didn't want her to think that she was not important in his heart because of what she had experienced.
	The company seemed to be nothing in front of her.
	Sometimes, he couldn't help but think of the time when he just knew her six years ago. He married her with great resistance in order to have a place in the company.
	Now thinking about it, which seemed to be a joke. At this time, he sincerely thanked for his grandpa's stubbornness at that time.
	He once thought that he didn't need these feelings. He just needed power.
	Melinda had recovered very well. She could get out of bed and walk around. Sometimes she could go to the park downstairs the hospital, but her favorite thing every day was to see the child.
	The child had gradually become more and more cute. Queena said that this child would never be worse looking than his father in the future.
	The baby looked almost the different day by day. Looking at it, Melinda was full of joy. The most uncomfortable thing was that she couldn't hug the baby now, but the doctor also said that the baby could soon go out of the incubator and see the outside world like other children.
	Both Jonas and Alston were working hard for the company's affairs. The previous gaps seemed to disappear overnight. After these things, the two seemed to see through a lot.
	They had seen through everything that they had been struggling with.
	They were back together. The most gratified ones were Melinda and Queena. Although Queena complained about Alston in her heart, it was undeniable that she still had feelings for this person.
	Especially at this important moment, she preferred a family to be together and overcome difficulties together.
	Obviously, Yulia's boyfriend was well prepared. For so many days, the company didn't get any progress even though Jonas and Alston had worked together to fight against him.
	At the same time, in order to make up for their previous negligence, the hospital put the child in the room of Melinda because the two people arranged by Jonas put a lot of pressure on them.
	The baby was almost all right now, but they had to be careful when taking care of him, and even the temperature in the ward had to be paid attention to again and again.
	The child had also arrived at the ward. Queena became more and more responsible. She had to take care of Melinda and the child, busy with everything.
	Although the aunt could help, she still liked to do it personally. In Queena's own words, everyone was busy, so she couldn't have time.
	The baby was still a little fond of crying, probably because of what happened before. Every time the baby cried, Melinda felt her heart was tightly gripped, and her heart ached.
	She wanted to hold the child, but she was weak and had no strength. She needed to shake when coaxing the child. Most of the time, Melinda couldn't hold on, and at this time, Queena came to help her.
	The aunt would make different nutritious soup for her every day. She had lost a lot of weight, and now she looked better.
	Every day, Queena was busy with her and her child. Thinking of the grievances she had suffered, Melinda felt it is in the past.
	During this period of time, Vern had suffered a lot.
	Although Vern didn't often come to the hospital to visit her, he had been looking for the child for several nights during the two days when he disappeared.
	She didn't know anything about this. When she saw her father again, she couldn't help but cry when she saw the blood streak in his eyes.
	She didn't know when her father became so old, and it was all because of her.
	"Dad, you must take good care of yourself in the future." She felt that she had never been filial to her father, and she had only brought him endless trouble.
	She didn't let her father live a leisurely life, and sometimes she even quarreled with him.
	The more she thought about it, the more she felt that she shouldn't. when a woman was pregnant, she was sentimental, but she felt that she was sentimental at all times.
	"Why do you cry so easily?" Seeing her crying, Vern was flustered and didn't know what to do.
	He didn't think he was a kind father. He seldom smiled at her, so his daughter was crying and didn't know what to do.
	Coincidentally, at this time, Jonas came back from the company to accompany her. Vern immediately waved at him as if he had seen his Savior and said, "Jonas, come and comfort her. I don't know what's wrong with her. She was crying."
	"Did you make a pet of her?"
	Vern thought for a while and said. Although his voice was low, everyone present had heard it. Melinda still couldn't forget her father was here, but she was so tired that she leaned against the bed wearily.
	"It's okay, Dad. I'll dote on her all my life." Said Jonas with a smile. His eyes were full of affection. In fact, he had been very tired these days, but he didn't show it in front of Melinda.
	Even if there were a lot of troubles in the company, he would accompany her with a smile.
	He knew how much she cared about her father, so he persuaded her father to go back and have a rest. Everything was fine here and he didn't need to worry about her.
	"Dad, go to bed. Your hair line is climbing up again." Melinda sobbed and Jonas carefully wiped her tears with a tissue.
	Hearing this, Vernon frowned. He suddenly felt that his daughter was not a considerate little jacket. Her words were too heartbreaking, although she just wanted him to have a rest.
	"Well, I don't want to bother you anymore. I'll go back to have a rest. Take good care of yourself and don't cry during the month of confinement, okay?" Vern couldn't help but remind her. As a father, sometimes, it seemed that he is a 'mother' too.
	It was inevitable for him to say a few more words at this time. Both of them listened carefully. At last, Jonas asked someone to send Vern home. Moreover, he worried that Yulia's boyfriend would take any action, so Jonas asked the Ted to arrange two people to secretly protect Vern.
	Having learned a lot of lessons, he was more and more impeccable.
	What Jerry and Yulia had done had gradually spread in the upper class. Everyone knew that this pair of illegitimate children were unwilling to accept the current situation. They had taken away the first grandson of the Gu family and wanted to murder him.
	When Stacy knew this, she was shocked. She always knew that Jerry was ambitious, and he was very promising in front of her.
	However, she didn't expect that there were so many bad things, which couldn't see the light. What he did was not a gentleman's style, but a villain's behavior.
	He had done so much, but she didn't notice it at all. She had even helped him many times before.
	It was the first time that Stacy felt so regretful. Thinking of what her friend had said to her, he felt herself so stupid again.
	At the beginning, Jessica said that Jerry was not a good person, but Stacy didn't believe it. She almost cut off contact with Jessica because of Jerry. Now, Stacy knew it was true, she was regretful for the rest of her life.
	At first, Stacy was angry when she was called back home, but now she was completely quiet. David was a little worried about her.
	Stacy had been well protected by him since he was a child. She had never been in touch with such a dark side. Now, as soon as she got in touch with that, she was shocked. It could be said that Jerry was the first one Stacy wanted to marry.
	But she was just a pawn in Jerry's eyes. How sad it was.
	"Dad, you can arrange the divorce." Stacy said to David. This was the only thing she said besides blaming her father these days.
	She knew that she had met the wrong person. She didn't want to see him at all. At that time, he would definitely deceive her with sweet words to help him.
	It would be better if they didn't contact each other.
	Stacy knew that his father was capable of divorcing them even if Jerry didn't show up.
	Thinking of the turmoil in the Gu family, Stacy felt a little guilty. It could be said that she was the one who caused it.
	If she hadn't believed Jerry, he wouldn't have been able to do such a thing.
	At the thought of this, Stacy asked her friend about the hospital and ward number of Melinda.
	"Why do you care about her?" Shocked by her sudden concern, Jessica was on her guard and worried that Stacy would be silly again for the sake of Jerry.
	Thinking of the news she heard a few days ago, she blurted out everything, regardless of what Stacy would think.
	"Jerry has always been lying to you. Before you were together with him, he had been messing around with many women. Don't do anything stupid for him."
	There was a hint of helplessness in her tone. Stacy was stunned for a moment and then laughed.
	Her laughter sounded a little sad. In the end, she said to Jessica, "I'll divorce him. My father has arranged everything. Jessica, I know how wrong I was until now."
	In front of her only friend, Stacy couldn't help telling Jessica how sad he had been these days. After she said it, she felt much relieved.
	"I want to apologize to Melinda." Stacy said. At this moment, Jessica understood what did she meant. She told Stacy where Melinda was in the ward and called Melinda to remind her.
	At first, Melinda didn't believe it, but when she saw Stacy really came and sincerely apologized, she finally believed it.
	Melinda didn't think Stacy did anything wrong. On the contrary, she felt sorry for Stacy. In fact, she was also a victim in this matter, and it seemed that she suffered more than Melinda. 
Chapter 390 Buying A House
	Looking at Melinda and the baby on the bed, Stacy felt a little complicated. Thinking that the baby was premature, Melinda must have suffered a lot, so she said sorry naturally.
	"In fact, you don't have to apologize to me." Looking at Stacy, who used to be high spirited and vigorous, now looked a little depressed, Melinda felt sorry for her.
	After all, it was all because of Jerry, Stacy had sacrificed everything in exchange for a fraud.
	"That's what I should do. If I hadn't been blinded and held the candle to the devil, these things wouldn't have happened. Fortunately, both you and the child are fine." Stacy couldn't help but take a look at the baby on the bed, who was pink and lovely.
	Thinking of that she had once been deluded by Jerry to kill the child, she felt a sense of crime.
	However, the Soaring Group was now in turmoil, and the Wang family was not much better. Jerry was the son-in-law of the Wang family, which was naturally involved in such a situation.
	Although few people could control the stock market, David was caught off guard at this time. He was busy in the company.
	"Let bygones be bygones." Her smile was still as gentle and approachable as before.
	In the past, Stacy thought that Melinda was just pretending, but now she felt that her smile was so beautiful, and even made people comfortable.
	Her restless heart, which was filled with guilt, quieted down at this moment.
	"Well, let's not talk about the past. Is this a boy?" Jessica had told Melinda that Stacy had a similar character with her before. Melinda hadn't felt it before, but now she felt that Stacy was optimistic.
	"Well, his name is Morris." Speaking of the baby, her eyes seemed to be shining. Stacy was also pregnant, but the baby was very likely not to be kept.
	Therefore, when she looked at the child now, there were different feelings in her heart.
	When the two talked about the child, they suddenly forgot all the gaps in the past. They chatted happily like a pair of old friends.Morris' eyes were big and bright. Every time, Melinda and Stacy seemed to be able to see the ocean of stars in his eyes.
	He was quiet when he stayed with Melinda. Listening to the two people talking, he closed his eyes and fell asleep, which surprised Stacy.
	Stacy stayed in the hospital with Melinda for a long time before she left. But Melinda didn't ask Stacy what she wanted to do about the baby in her belly. She thought it was other people's business, so she'd better not ask.
	Especially such a heartbreaking thing.
	Jerry had done many evil things in his life, but he met Stacy. If he didn't have so much ambition, he could run the company well in the Gu family and help Jonas, maybe he could also be happy.
	However, he had bad habits. He wanted to get more and more and ended up in prison.
	David plan to have a place in Soaring Group by taking advantage of Jerry failed. The people he asked Jerry to arrange into the company were all dismissed because of the turmoil.
	From the beginning to the end, Jonas felt that there was something wrong with these people. He had asked the guards to keep an eye on them. Now that something happened, these people became a little anxious. So he simply told Alston about reducing the staff.
	Alston was completely disappointed with Jerry now, so he didn't want to see those promoted men and left Jonas to deal with them.
	However, those staffs made Alston suspicious. Every company had its own basic rules. It was doubtful that these employees could have a good position in other companies after leaving Soaring Group.
	After a thorough investigation, Alston found that all of them had something to do with David.
	David was a stock player, so he had a lot of shares in many industries. It was not difficult to arrange several people to go there at this time, but he had been annoyed by the matter of Jerry recently.
	David had planned to cooperate with Alston to ease the tension, but for some reason, Alston suddenly stopped all cooperation, and many of them were secretly signed by Jerry and David.
	All these had been found out. The position of Jerry in the company was only a director of the human affairs department. This kind of cooperation had no legal effect. Several of the documents had seals of Alston, but it was because Jerry had also stolen it.
	Therefore, Soaring Group could completely say that these cooperation had no legal effect.
	All David's plans failed, but the stock market was changeable and couldn't be delayed for a moment. For the career he had worked hard, David personally went to Soaring Group to look for Alston.
	Alston was well aware that with so many things to do, if he could not figure out David's purpose, he would be in vain for so many years.
	Although he had the same purpose at the beginning.
	The meeting place of David and Alston was in the Soaring Group. Jonas had been busy with the company's affairs, so he didn't go to accompany him. In the past, David might be unhappy, but today, he said nothing.
	"What can I do for you, Mr. Wang?" At the thought that the man in front of him wanted to swallow up his company, Alston felt very angry and his attitude was naturally bad.
	"I just want to ask you why you suddenly stopped cooperating with us. Although Jerry and Stacy was divorce, we can be partners in the future." David said and tried his best to fight for it. Hearing this, Alston snorted and said, "I don't know what kind of partner you are. I don't know when you will set me up."
	Alston didn't like to beat around the bush. At this time, Alston said it directly that David was like a villain according to what he did. although it was so cruel in business competition.
	But since the marriage between the two families, he had no intention of targeting the Wang Family at all.
	But David didn't. He felt lucky that he had seen through David's face earlier.
	"It's my fault. I won't do it again. I promise you. and I hope you don't mind that much." David said. Now he also needed the help of Soaring Group, or the news on the Internet would completely destroy him.
	"In the future? Do you still want to cooperate with me? Anyway, I don't recognize Jerry as my son anymore. You can take him away, but I advise you to let your daughter divorce. Jerry must went to jail.
	Alston said. David kept nodding and apologizing with a smile. His attitude made Alston unable to say anything more.
	The anger of the two clans quickly subsided. Both David and Alston were schemed by Jerry. At this time, they were very unhappy to talk about Jerry's behaviors.
	Finally, the two of them cooperated again, representing the strong cooperation between the Gu clan and the Wang clan. They talked a lot with each other, and finally they all had a good talk.
	As time went by, the child grew up slowly and made people happier. Vern also liked the child very much and came to the hospital to visit him from time to time.
	It could be said that as his mother, Melinda, needed to queue up for holding the child.
	Although the work in the company was tiring, every time Jonas saw the smiles of Melinda and the child, he felt that all the tiredness disappeared in an instant.
	Although he was a premature delivery, the baby was fine after a period of nurturing. The doctor also said that the baby could go out of the room, but he should not be blown by the wind.
	Melinda thought that the child could leave the room and was not willing to continue to stay in the hospital. Although her ward was separate and the decoration was as good as an apartment, she still felt that something was missing.
	In the end, she found what was missing. It was the feeling of home. It was really depressing here.
	In the evening, when Jonas came, Melinda told him that she was going home. His first reaction was to refuse.
	"The baby is too young. Let's stay in the hospital for a while." Said Jonas. He knew that Melinda didn't like hospitals, but he had no choice.
	"He will grow up slowly. Besides, this is a hospital, not any other place. We'd better go home. Isn't there the aunt taking care of us at home? She is experienced. Maybe she can take care of him better than those nurses?"
	Said Melinda. She thought what she said was reasonable. Looking at the stubborn look of Melinda, Jonas knew clearly that he could not persuade her.
	Unable to dissuade her, Jonas had to go through the discharge formalities as she said. When the doctor saw that Melinda was about to leave the hospital, he didn't say anything, and even had a faint smile on his face.
	He looked very happy.
	At this moment, Melinda immediately took action. Knowing that she could leave, she packed up her things and wanted to go home that night. At last, she was stopped by Jonas, who asked her not to do anything at night.
	The next day, Melinda came back home. Everything at home looked the same as before, but she knew that there was still something different.
	The baby was not used to the new place and cried on the first night. She felt sorry for him and comforted him all the time.
	Queena went straight to Jonas and asked him to buy a house near home and arrange it for Vern. She said that it was tired for him to walk around like this.
	Moreover, it would be too troublesome for them to walk around with each other in the future. These words were only said by Queena in private, and she didn't expect that they would be heard by Melinda.
	Jonas did it quickly. Besides, he had several pieces of land near the Gu's mansion. Jonas filled the name of Vern in the land and gave the property ownership certificate to Vern.
	His action moved her. 
Chapter 391 Visit By Jessica
	Vern refused at first, but when he heard Jonas talked about Melinda and their child, he finally agreed. He didn't need to worry about moving. Jonas had prepared everything in detail.
	Looking at this, Vern sighed in his heart. It was also a good luck for Melinda to meet Jonas.
	Otherwise, he didn't know what his silly daughter would do.
	But now, she met a man who treated her sincerely and spoiled her. As her father, he could rest assured.
	So, Vern moved to the neighborhood of the Gu's mansion. Afraid that it was inconvenient for him to go out, Jonas wanted to find a driver for him, but Vern said that he only needed a bike.
	In their era, as long as they had a bike, there was no place that they couldn't go. Vern missed it very much.
	When Jonas knew it, he asked someone to make a bike in Vern's heart, which was completely exclusive to him.
	His attitude towards this matter made his father-in-law even happier.
	Now everything calmed down. The whole family was recording the growth of the baby. Because it was premature, the growth was slower than that of the normal baby.
	Melinda was still in her recovering, but she had been concerned about the filming since the moment she left the hospital. Victor knew her intention, so he reported the shooting situation to Melinda without waiting for her to ask every day.
	All in all, everything went well in the crew. Some time ago, they went to the neighboring province for shooting. Recently, they just came back, and because of the abundant funds, their shooting progress was not so fast. The key point was to let the actors get the best rest and show their best sides in the TV play.
	On this day, Queena and Melinda were playing with the baby, and the phone rang. Seeing that it was a call from Victor, Melinda answered it almost in a second.
	"You are picking up the phone faster and faster." Victor thought it would take a long time for Melinda to answer the phone and was about to review a document, so he couldn't help teasing her.
	"How is the crew now?" This was almost what Melinda had to say every day. Victor patiently told her more about the work of the crew.
	What he said was basically good news. He chose to deal with some bad things by himself. If he said it was troublesome, it was really a small trouble.
	"Just change to another actress. This role only has five scenes in total, and it won't take much time to make up for it,"
	said Melinda. She thought that Victor didn't need to ask her about this kind of thing. He just needed to handle it well.
	Listening to the conversation between Melinda and Victor, Queena felt bad. After all, Melinda was her daughter-in-law. If she was so close to another man, there would be bad gossip again.
	Moreover, the Gu family had helped to invest in the company where Victor was now.
	Melinda kept in touch with Victor every day, basically making oral reports on the shooting, which confused Queena.
	She thought it was better for the two to stay away from each other.
	Of course, she would not say these words to Melinda, but to her son.
	"You'd better remind your wife not to get too close to Victor. It's easy to be gossiped," Queena said, unwilling to see her daughter-in-law with another man.
	It never occurred to Jonas that his mother came to him alone for this matter, and that the connection between Melinda and Victor was also for the TV drama, which almost contained all the painstaking efforts of Melinda.
	The only person she trusted in the crew was Victor, so she asked Victor to tell her about the situation in the crew. If he did something to hurt Melinda because of these factors, Jonas would definitely regret.
	"Now Linda is still in the recovering. The work of the crew is very hard and not easy to worry about. These things are handled by Victor. It's normal for the two people to often contact," explained Jonas, hoping that Queena could understand.
	He didn't want any conflict between his mother and Melinda because of this. He knew clearly how much Melinda insisted on this play, so Jonas always supported her in his own way.
	Even if something unexpected happened on the way.
	"Can't you arrange someone to handle it? Why must it be Victor? Your wife calls others every day. People who don't know her might think that he is her husband,"
	Queena said. In fact, she was a little angry. Every time Melinda talked about the things in the crew, she could ignore the child.
	This made her feel that Melinda was not for the crew, but for the person who was talking to her. Although it was wrong to think so, Queena always felt the same way.
	Hearing this, Jonas also felt helpless. Looking at his mother, he thought that there was nothing important in the company recently, so he could spare some time to go to the filming group.
	"How about this? I'll go to see the crew later and tell Melinda about the work in the crew. Mommy, don't worry about these things. Just stay at home and help her take care of the child. Your good grandson needs you very much," said Jonas. Coaxing his mother with the child finally made Queena's face brighter.
	As a premature labor, Melinda had to pay more attention to the recovering than others. Others usually had one month or forty days. At the request of Queena, the time for her to sit in the bed was extended to fifty days.
	Melinda knew that Queena did this for her own good, so she didn't refuse. Although she wanted to go to the crew, she controlled herself.
	Most of the company's affairs were left to Ted, and William was arranged to help Alston, while he spared some time to go to the film crew.
	The shooting progress of the crew was quite fast. Although Melinda was not present, the two deputy directors were also very responsible. When Jonas went there in person, the two people were even trembling with fear.
	On the other hand, Melinda had been waiting for Victor's call at home for a long time. It was getting dark, but there was no news. She couldn't help worrying that something might have happened to the crew.
	When Melinda was anxious, Jonas just came back home and told her about the details of the crew. What he said had surprised Melinda.
	"How do you know that?" From the beginning of the shooting to now, it could be said that Jonas had little contact with the play, and it was also because of Melinda that he went to know it. But at this time, he was so clear about the scene they were shooting and how the actors should behave.
	It really surprised Melinda.
	"You are in the recovering now. Don't worry about the work of the crew all the time. I will go there to watch it from now on." Jonas comforted Melinda or it could be said that he told her in this way that he would always be there for her.
	Hearing this, Melinda was a little moved. In fact, she really didn't know much about the shooting of TV series, but because it was her painstaking work, so she did so.
	As a scriptwriter, she'd better work in the group. Some scenes needed to be changed on the shooting, or at a certain moment, she could use better scenes and lines.
	These were all needed scriptwriters, but during this period of time, it was completely up to the crew to comprehend by themselves.
	"I see," said Melinda. She was very grateful to Jonas for his kindness. He must have noticed her anxiety, so he went to the crew and personally followed up, and came back to tell her in detail.
	This was different from what Victor described to her. Victor would only say that everything in the crew was good, and then say something interesting.
	However, Jonas would say it according to the performance itself and the lines, Melinda felt that she was still involved in it. This feeling was very strange and happy.
	It was strange to Jessica that Jonas showed up and Melinda didn't show up in the film set.
	She had only heard some rumors about what had happened to Melinda. The film crew was closed, so she hadn't gone out to visit her.
	Last time, she contacted Stacy and knew that Melinda was in hospital. At that time, she wanted to visit her, but was refused by Melinda, saying that she was fine.
	It turned out that the reason why Melinda was hospitalized was that she had a childbirth. During this period of time, her mind was basically focused on the shooting of TV series and the relationship between Felix and her.
	Felix was a stylish but not romantic man. He often did something that made Jessica speechless. But that was why he was so close to her heart.
	So after getting the situation about Melinda, Jessica felt a little annoyed. She thought that she was a typical woman who would forget her friends when she was in love.
	She didn't know what had happened to Melinda. All she knew was that she was in hospital.
	It was a rare night without a scene, so Jessica asked for a leave from the crew to visit Melinda. The assistant director didn't know whether he should agree or not, so he asked for the permission of Jonas directly.
	In the past, Jonas had a lot of issues with Jessica, but he had changed his attitude towards her several times. Knowing that she was a rare friend of Melinda, he agreed.
	Jonas didn't tell Melinda that Jessica would come, which was a surprise for her.
	Even if Jessica had asked for leave, she didn't leave until nearly eight o'clock in the crew. She wasn't familiar with the Gu's mansion. It was Felix who drove her there. He didn't leave until she arrived at the gate because she was worried about the paparazzi nearby.
	After all, Melinda and Jonas were also often reported on the news.
	Jessica's arrival surprised Melinda a lot. She had brought a lot of things here. Some of them were for the child, and Melinda admired her for carrying so many things alone.
	"I know you don't lack these things, but I just want to show my blessing. You should take it well," Jessica said to Melinda. Then she began to tease her for a while. She thought the baby was very cute and couldn't help but look forward to having a baby in the future.
Chapter 392 Back To The Crew
	"It's good that you can come." Seeing that Jessica was playing with the child, Melinda thought that if Jessica had her own child in the future, she would definitely be a good mother.
	In fact, Jessica really wanted to hug the baby, but when she saw the baby's small body, she was afraid that she might hurt him, so she gave up and bent over to play with the baby.
	The baby was very cute. The more he smiled, the more excited Jessica became. In her opinion, it wasn't her who was teasing the baby, but the baby was coaxing her. She and Melinda were talking about the story of the crew.
	The baby was getting tired and fell asleep soon.
	Jessica quietly left the baby. Instead, she walked to the side of the bed where Melinda leaned against and had a rest. Next to her was a fruit tray.
	"I'm sorry. I didn't know you had suffered so many things." Jessica still felt guilty. As her friend, she didn't know anything about it and didn't come to visit her. It had been a long time before she knew it.
	"Did you do anything wrong to me?" Melinda teased Jessica. Jessica looked at her and told her all her guilt. At last, she lowered her head shyly.
	"Aren't you still helping me? It will be the best help for me if you act well in the play," Melinda said with a smile. Her words were plain and warm. Hearing that, Jessica burst into laughter.
	That was also the reason why Jessica liked Melinda. She was always a nice person to get along with.
	"I'm fine now. Don't worry. You can just focus on your work in the following days," Melinda comforted her. She was at home now, accompanied by her child and taken care of by servants. There was almost nothing to worry about in the crew with Jonas there.
	"It's all Stacy's fault." At the thought of her good friend, Jessica felt helpless. She didn't expect that Stacy would meet such a bad man as Jerry.
	"Stacy has broken up with Jerry, and it's not her fault," Melinda said. Thinking of the conversation with Stacy that day, she thought Stacy was not a bad guy in nature.
	The reason why she did that was that she was blinded by Jerry.
	"I know. She told me." Jessica thought of the day when Stacy called her and told her that she would divorce Jerry. At that time, she didn't believe her, so she didn't ask her in detail.
	Thinking of that the two of them hadn't contacted each other since then, Jessica was in a dilemma again. She felt that she had really ignored too many of her friends these days.
	"Stacy is not a bad guy, and she had come to apologize to me." How arrogant Stacy was. It was enough for her to give up everything and apologize to Melinda at that time.
	"Well, in fact, Stacy is very kind," Jessica said. She thought that she had known Stacy since childhood and knew what kind of person Stacy was along the way.
	Maybe David didn't know her so well.
	"Well, let's not talk about these things. You can tell me something else, such as the work of the crew," said Melinda, trying to change the topic.
	What she cared most now was the work of the crew. Whether it was Victor or Jonas who told her about the work of the crew, it was a typical way to tell the good without telling the bad.
	How could a crew be so smooth? Sometimes, Melinda also wanted to check what was going on from the official Weibo, but she finally held back.
	It felt terrible that she knew she could do nothing.
	But fortunately, she could go to the set soon.
	"The shooting has been half over. There are some small things in the crew, but they were all handled by Victor. He has a lot of ways to suppress people." Jessica thought about what had happened these days and said.
	However, without Melinda, the progress of the plot still made Jessica feel that the connection was not good. Jessica had kept all these in mind, and now she told all the things to Melinda.
	After listening to it, Melinda also thought it made sense. After all, TV series were not novels, and many background could not just be explained by words.
	"I'll remember all of these and make some changes," Melinda said. She was very happy that she finally knew something about the crew.
	Jessica was also a thoughtful woman, but she was different from Jonas. She knew that Melinda wanted to know these things, so she was willing to tell her. Maybe it was a trouble, but who knew if it was a sweet burden.
	"Don't worry about the work of the crew. Everything is fine. Let me tell you something interesting. The main female supporting role in your play is really weird, and the new one makes trouble again. Victor was so angry that he directly hired a staff to replace her. I didn't expect that the staff had been in the crew for many years, and she is really good at acting in the play. I think she might become a talented actress."
	Speaking of this, the smile on Jessica's face never stopped. It occurred to Melinda that Victor had told her about the replacement of the main female supporting role, but he didn't mention the reason. She didn't expect it to be so dramatic.
	But it had to be said that the opportunity was reserved for those who were well prepared. If the staff could perform well, she must have a dream of being an actress, and she must have worked hard at ordinary times.
	Seeing that Melinda was in a better mood after Jessica came, so Queena wanted to let her stay at home for one night. But when Jessica thought that she had an early scene on the second day, she refused.
	"I just sneaked out tonight after asking for leave. I'd better go back early. When the play is over, I will come to bother you." Jessica was a pleasing girl. Even Queena liked her.
	"It's rare for a friend of Mellie to come here. You can stay with her for one night. Just let Jonas handle the work of the crew," said Queena. Anyway, her son was in charge of this play now. Besides, Mellie had the right to handle.
	"Auntie, I can't be unprofessional just because I have the support of Mellie. I'd better come here after the shooting is finished. Otherwise, I have something on my mind and can't sleep all night,"
	Jessica said exaggeratedly. Queena didn't know what to say. She just said that she must come here when she had time. Since it was not convenient for Melinda to see her off, Queena would send Jessica off on behalf of her.
	At the sight of a car outside the Gu's mansion, Jessica got in the car happily. It was not until then that Queena realized why.
	Shooting was just a cover. The most important thing was to be with the one she loved. Sure enough, nowadays children were all like this. She sighed and couldn't help smiling when she thought of her young time.
	Because of the connection told by Jessica, Melinda began to study the script at home, thinking about how to make it smoother. The finished script was in Melinda's hands, and the main thing she needed to do now was to modify it.
	However, some things were not enough just by imagination. Melinda felt that she still needed to go to the crew.
	However, some of the newly revised parts were handed over to Jonas, and Melinda asked him to take them to the film crew. The two deputy directors were also smart people. They didn't mention anything that they thought was not good, but they didn't expect that Melinda would take the initiative to think of it at this time.
	All of a sudden, the two of them liked Melinda more.
	In this way, the crew was basically shooting in the next few days, and some of the previous problems had been solved.
	It took Melinda a long time to get out of the recovering bed. She hurried to the set. If it weren't for the premature birth, she could have solved it as soon as possible.
	The atmosphere in the crew was a little strange to Melinda, but soon became familiar. After discussing the revised script with the two deputy directors for a long time, Melinda refined it again and finally stared at the shooting of the crew.
	Melinda didn't know how much energy it would take every day, but even if she was tired, she had to hold on, because such a full life made her feel very happy.
	However, what Melinda did was objected by Queena. Queena wanted to advise Melinda to stay at home and recuperate. After all, health is a lifetime thing.
	However, in Melinda's eyes, this play was the most important now. It could be said that this novel supported her in the hardest period of her life.
	If Melinda hadn't entered this industry on a whim, she really didn't know what she meant in the world.
	So even if Melinda knew that she would make Queena unhappy, she insisted.
	With the help of the scriptwriter, Melinda, the shooting progress of the crew was much faster than before, and the quality also followed up.
	Seeing that she couldn't persuade Melinda, Queena had no choice, but she was worried about her safety, so she asked Jonas not to go back to the company to deal with his own business after Melinda went back to the set. He had to spare time to accompany Melinda every day.
	In this way, the two of them appeared on time every day, even more often than the extras. The people in the crew only felt that the air was filled with the smell of love every day.
	The hero and heroine's display of affection made them feel bad, but they didn't expect another couple to come. They were a little familiar with Jonas these days, and the most impressive thing was his solemn expression.
	But now, Melinda was here. Everything was different. The man had been smiling and his eyes were softer.
	But in his eyes, there was never anyone else besides Melinda.
	In this way, Melinda started to be busy in the daytime and coax her child at night. Queena worried that Melinda was too tired and wanted her child to follow her at night, but Melinda felt that the child was still too young and needed breast feeding.
	More importantly, she didn't want her child to be alienated from her because she was busy with other things. 
Chapter 393 The End
	However, Melinda was too tired to do that. As far as Jonas could see, Melinda was coaxing the child, and before the child fell asleep, she fell asleep. And she woke up in a panic and continued to coax the child.
	He felt sorry for her, but there was nothing he could do. He wanted to help Melinda in the casting group, but he knew nothing about the script.
	Taking care of the child, Jonas wanted to have a try, but the child was like his natural enemy. The baby cried all the time when he held him, which made Melinda suspect that if Jonas bullied the child in a place she couldn't see.
	The official Weibo began to release the news of the crew from time to time, and even distributed a lot of behind-the-scenes under Melinda's order. Looking at the progress of the crew, Melinda suddenly had a new idea.
	In order to make this TV play a form of shooting and showing, the crew had to follow a certain time line, which would be more tired, but they could receive more comments and improve it.
	After asking for everyone's opinions and getting everyone's approval, Melinda found the staff to start the production. This decision was sudden and shocked the people outside.
	But they were still looking forward to it. After all, this kind of play was a test for all the people. Once the play couldn't be updated, or there were many negative comments, it would be a great impact.
	Generally speaking, this decision would not be made in the new play, but that was what Melinda had done.
	No matter what Melinda did, Jonas would support her, so he asked his products to start advertising for her series.
	In this way, the play became popular again, and many people who didn't care about it at all were intrigued.
	Melinda asked several main characters to shoot a promotional video. Because the play was in this form, the actors didn't have time to publicize in every city.
	But it still couldn't affect the popularity of the play. When the first episode was broadcast, the audience rating had reached a new high.
	The plot was so dramatic and eye-catching. One was Felix, who was famous a few days ago, and the other was Jessica, who was a famous singer.
	This kind of combination was not expected, but the two people in the play had a strong loving sense. Many people immediately commented after watching it. This couple was so sweet.
	What Melinda did made the play famous. Many video applications even competed for the exclusive broadcast right when it was broadcast.
	When it was broadcast, Melinda only cooperated with TV stations, and the video applications couldn't update at the same time. Now many people began to contact her to get the final copyright.
	At last, all these things were left to Jonas by Melinda.
	Melinda's success made the whole family happy, especially Queena. She couldn't help but tease that there was another celebrity in the family.
	With the popularity of the TV series, the news that Jessica and Felix were together was announced. At this time, no one would think that it was a new hype, and many people were willing to accept the arrangement that the two of them were together.
	There was no slander, and everyone was blessing the two people.
	When the two were chatting, Jessica said that she didn't expect herself to accept a relationship so soon and be immersed in it, but she really felt happy.
	In fact, Melinda was curious why Jessica didn't want to be in a relationship before, but her answer surprised Melinda.
	She said that she was a person who lacked courage. She felt that she was not good enough, and then she encountered such things as Stacy and Jerry. She felt that she would never believe in love again. Until she saw Melinda and Jonas, and saw their love story that only belonged to them.
	When Jessica acted as the heroine, she felt that she had experienced a relationship for a lifetime. She didn't want to have any regret, so she just walked with Felix calmly.
	Felix might not say sweet words, but he could make her feel the most sincere happiness with actions.
	It was inevitable for the two to talk about Stacy. It was not until now that Melinda knew that Stacy had divorced with Jerry and had finally decided to have an abortion. She didn't want her child to become like Jerry.
	Stacy told Jessica that she had been trapped in A City for so many years that she hadn't seen many things, so she decided to travel around the world alone. Maybe she could have an affair during the trip, or she could come back here and marry a person who was helpful for her father's career under her father's arrangement.
	Anyway, she left quietly.
	The police station began to interrogate the case of Yulia and Jerry. As the matter went deeper, they found that there were many things that they hadn't known for years.
	They also found out the truth about that Emily had been killed in the past. The Wang family had denied what had happened at that time, and Jerry was the one who did it. In the end, Alston still didn't have the heart to let Jerry die. So he had to spend the rest of his life in prison.
	Although Yulia didn't do much, he stole trade secrets and other things, which made her sentenced to thirty years' imprisonment.
	Thirty years was undoubtedly cruel for a woman in her twenties. When she could come out, she was already a person in her middle age and could do nothing. She had no companion or children.
	Yulia's boyfriend had run away when he realized that something was wrong. Finally, under the full pursuit of the police, he was caught at the airport in the neighboring city.
	All the people who had done bad things had received their deserved punishments.
	At the same time, Melinda's fame rose. Many film and television companies invited her to write plays for the new comers they wanted to support, but she refused them one by one.
	Some plots could only be written once in her life, because that was her only youth in her life.
	However, Jonas still found that Melinda liked this industry, so he set up a film and television company for her. It was under the Soaring Group, and its name was directly named Melinda.
	Melinda laughed at Jonas for not knowing how to name, but the smile in her eyes could not be hidden.
	Melinda didn't want to be an extremely strong woman, but she was very concerned about these things. She didn't want to stay at home all day long. She also wanted to tell everyone that she couldn't bring anything to Jonas by attending those hypocritical banquets.
	She could also use her own way to build up many connections for Jonas.
	Melinda was busy in the company in the daytime and went back home to take care of the child in the evening. The child usually followed Queena for a long time.
	Queena was very happy to have a grandson, which made Alston very envious. He began to slowly transfer the company's affairs to the hands of Jonas.
	Thinking of the stupid things he had done in the past few years, Alston felt a little regretful. He even told Jonas that he wanted to find a time to take Queena to travel and improve the relationship between the two.
	Secretly, it also indicated that Queena had no time to travel with her since she was taking care of the child now.
	Alston didn't want to take a third wheel with him, although the third wheel had promoted the relationship between the two recently.
	But the baby still wanted to look for his mother in the evening, which made Jonas feel very upset. Since he had a child, he seemed to have no benefits for a long time.
	All of a sudden, the baby became the object of disgust for the male elders in the family, and the treasure for the female elders who loved and spoiled him so much. Of course, Nelson also liked him very much. He often talked about how excellent not only his granddaughter-in-law was, but also his great-grandson, but not his grandson.
	The family was harmonious, and Melinda was still a little unfamiliar with the company's management. Ted did not continue to help Jonas, but was sent to the film and television company to help Melinda. It could be said that Ted was a universal brick, and no matter where Jonas arranged him to go, he could do it well.
	The Soaring Group had recovered a lot after resting for half a year, and the film and television company of Melinda was gradually on the right track. The child grew up day by day, and soon he would turn one year old.
	At that time, when the baby was one month old and one hundred days old, Melinda had neglected something, so she decided to organize the baby's first birthday party well.
	Since Melinda managed the film and television company, she was very familiar with the overall planning of these banquets. She did almost everything in person, including the details and the design of the banquet's furnishings.
	In the past year, the baby had stayed with his grandmother for the most time, so he was also the closest to Queena in usual times. He often coaxed Queena, and she always had a happy smile on her face.
	The whole family was very concerned about the baby's first birthday party. Queena thought that not only should she put the photos of the baby on the party, but also put the family photo of everyone.
	Melinda thought that this proposal was a good idea. She had spent two days alone with Jonas, taking the baby to pick up Vern and her grandparents in the countryside.
	Grandpa and grandma hadn't been to this prosperous city for many years. This time, they finally invited the two people to the city using the baby.
	The location of the photographing was set at the Gu's mansion. On the day of the photographing, Melinda was writing down what had happened to her in the past few years with a happy smile on her face.
	"Linda, the photographer has arrived. I'll go there with Morris. Come here quickly. If Morris doesn't see you later, he'll cry."
	Now, Jonas looked like a good father. Morris finally didn't resist his embrace so much. At this time, he stood not far away from Melinda, with his back against the sun and a faint halo around them.
	Both Jonas and Morris were smiling, which made Melinda feel peaceful and happy.
	"You can take some photos of Morris first. I'll be back soon after changing my clothes." In order to fit the theme, Melinda specially designed a series of parent-child clothes for the whole family.
	At last, Melinda wrote on her notebook. "I think, happiness is probably to see him holding the child with the same bright smile, rendering the rest of my life."
