President’s Sweet Wife
https://s.swnovels.com/images/book/medium/book-1630812854.jpeg
Natalia discovered that her boyfriend was having an affair with her sister Jessica and Jessica was pregnant! Drunken and unconscious, Natalia married Archie, a wealthy and influential business tycoon and became Mrs. Mccarthy. Natalia was a professional PR, promoting pop starts and opened her own company. Besides, she was a super racer and world famous designer! How talented she was! Gradually, she had been transformed from a dumped poor girl into a goddess worshipped by millions of people, and her suitors could queue up from the capital to City Jin. Overwhelmed by her super talent and popularity, Mr. Archie Mccarthy held her firmly in his arms and declared to the world that she was no longer available. Out of nowhere, a little cutie ran up to Natalia and hugged her leg, exclaiming, “Daddy, she is mine!”	
Chapter 1 Adultery Caught on the Scene
	“Do you still have Durex Excita Ribbed Medium?”
	“Yes, we do.”
	“Plus a Taste Mix and Black Wildcat suit.”
	“Ok. Address?”
	“Room 2202 at Reika Hotel”
	“Sure”
	...
	It was already 11 o’clock when Natalia Dawson arrived at the hotel.
	The timing was not safe for her, the owner of a sex toys business to deliver by herself.
	Especially for a pretty young girl like her.
	But life was not easy, as every spending needed money. Moreover, Shawn Miller would come back in a few days.
	They had been dating for six years. Shawn was busy with his business both at home and abroad. She couldn’t slow him down.
	Luckily their relationship was pretty steady over the years. She owned a small business apart from her daily job. Shawn was about to celebrate his birthday in a few days. She intended to prepare a surprise for him.
	By thinking of that, Natalia smiled unconsciously.
	She held the delivery box, walked towards the hotel with the peak her cap lowered a little.
	Reika Hotel was a famous in City J.
	Most of the people who come here were wealthy and respectable.
	The lobby was gorgeous with elevators decorated in gold and silver. As long as one walked in under the light, a sense of inferiority rose up by the flowing ambience.
	Natalia didn’t look around, and moved forward with the box in her hands.
	Her pretty face was covered by the facial mask, with tranquil eyes full of aloofness.
	The elevator stopped on the 22nd floor. “DING!”
	Natalia walked to Room 2202 and buzzed the door bell.
	An impatient voice came out before the door opened.
	“Don’t... Shawn...the delivery is here.”
	“Hold on. Let me pick it up.”
	Natalia twitched her mouth.
	They started already before they got the condom?
	How impatient they were!
	Soon after, the door was opened by a man in his bathrobe. There was water vapour on his body.
	Natalia handed the box over without looking at him. “843 in total!”
	“Cash or Wechat Pay?”
	The man didn’t respond.
	A tentative voice rose up right after, “Natalia?”
	Natalia looked up in shock.
	The man in white bathrobe had tall figure and damp hair. He had a completely surprised, startled and... rattled look upon his handsome look.
	She pulled a long face in a second.
	“Who’s that, Shawn?”
	“The delivery guy.”
	Shawn rushed to speak before Natalia tried to say anything. He pulled out a stack of money from his wallet, and handed over to her quickly, and snatched the box at the same time.
	“BANG!”
	The door was closed.
	Natalia was trembling, her face pale.
	She bursted into sneer all of a sudden.
	The money in her hand seemed to make fun of her ignorance and stupidity.
	Natalia took a deep breath upon hearing the voice inside. She choked back her tears hard.
	As soon as she got close to the elevator, she took out the phone.
	“Hello, is that the police?
	I call to report for someone taking drugs and hiring prostitute at Reika Hotel. The room number is...”
	In twenty minutes.
	A police car stopped in front of the Reika Hotel, with a crowed of media reporters with their cameras.
	By the time Shawn was taken out, the reporters surged forward.
	"Mr.Shawn, someone reported that you were with female prostitutes, taking drugs in the hotel, is this true?"
	“Mr. Shawn, as the heir of Miller Group. Do you think it’s okay to do that?”
	“Mr. Shawn, who was the girl with you?
	There is rumor that you stayed with a rising star in the entertainment industry. Is this true?”
	“Mr. Shawn...”
	Shawn was tightly packed by the reporters. Even the police could not hold them back.
	After a while, he couldn’t help roaring out, “Fuck off!”
	Those reporters got shocked and stepped back.
	Through the crowd, Shawn casted a fierce glance at Natalia, who was behind them.
	“Is this what you want?”
	Natalia curled her lips, a flash of sneer coming across her eyes.
	“You will never ever get my love by doing this!”
	Natalia walked up abruptly. She raised her hand under the stare of all the media and polices...
	“BANG!”
	She slapped hard on Shawn, his face turning to the other side.
	The crowd quieted down.
	The police opened his mouth, “Miss...”
	“I’m sorry, I can’t help myself!”
	She cracked a light smile and rubbed her waist. Then a chilly voice rose up towards the hatred face of Shawn.
	“Do you think I still care about a piece of shit?
	The slap was just the interest. I will need you to pay for the capital in three days!”
	A flash of anxiety came across Shawn, “What... capital?”
	Natalia raised her eyebrow, “Seriously? You want me to remind you of that?”
	Shawn’s face suddenly whitened.
	Natalia sneered, her eyes were filled with sarcasm and contempt.
	The police gave a sign soon as their conversation ended, and Shawn was then taken into the police car.
	As he carried off, those journalists left one after another hurriedly.
	The crowded entrance was empty soon after.
	Natalia stood for a while, and was about to leave when she recovered her composure.
	Unexpectedly, someone was behind her with a doubtful look.
	It was a young, statuesque man in his dark suit, a pair of deep eyes filled with craftiness.
	Under the dim light, his regal sketch didn’t seem to go with the feasting and revelry around.
	Natalia felt a sense of familiarity subconsciously.
	But she soon gave up her thinking upon seeing the secretary and his silver Porsche beside. There was no way for her to know a guy like him.
	She turned away and left with no more thoughts.
	Archie Mccarthy asked faintly when Natalia disappeared in the traffic flow.
	“Who was that guy?”
	Brian Simpson replied in a rush,
	”Do you mean the man who was taken away by the police?”
	“He seems to be the young master of the Miller Family, who just came back from abroad.”
	Archie frowned, “I’m talking about that lady.”
	”What?”
	Brian puzzled, “Which one?”
	He quickly realized after noticing the impatient look on Archie’s face, “I’m sorry president. I will check it out now.”
	“It’s okay.”
	Something crossed Archie’s mind after Brian was interrupted.
	He put on a faint smile towards the direction Natalia left. A surprising look showed up on his face.
	After a while, Archie made a step inside.
	...
	Natalia followed to the police station as the informant.
	A group of people broke in rashly when she finished the record.
	Clara Reid took the lead. Once rushing in, she slapped Natalia on the face.
	Natalia felt a taste of blood over her mouth. She looked up towards them with knitted brows.
	“You are such a bitch!”
	Clara shook badly with anger, “You made a tip-off to the police for your young sister?”
	“Are you trying to piss me off?”
	Natalia swiped out the blood. She lifted her eyes to Clara sarcastically.
	“My young sister?
	You mean Jessica Dawson?”
	“What are you pretending?
	The news have spread all over, as Jessica seduces someone’s fiance. You are the one to blame for all these. How could you not know about it?”
	Natalia chuckled with lowered eyes.
	“It turns out to be my young sister.
	I thought she was a slut who tried to make some money by having sex with Shawn. How could it be my little sister?”
Chapter 2 Excel Your Mom
	Philip Dawson shouted out lound behind Clara, “Bastard!
	What are you talking about?”
	“I am talking about the truth.”
	She never expected that Jessica would have an affair with Shawn.
	She tried to vent her hatred towards Shawn for his betrayal. That was why she called the police.
	Unexpectedly, it was not only her fiance cheating on her. She found that Jessica, as her half-blooded sister, tangled with Shawn as well.
	That was funny!
	“You!”
	Clara was in a towering rage. Aleena stopped her when she tried to hit Natalia with her stick.
	“Calm down, Mom. Don’t get angry. It hurts your body.”
	Then she turned to Natalia, “Stop displeasing your grandma anymore. Jessica was the one to blame for. You could do whatever you want, but not to your grandma. Don’t be rude to your grandma.”
	Anyone who was not familiar to Aleena would think her as a thoughtful lady.
	Natalia raised her lips ironically.
	Philip got more angry by seeing the look on her face.
	“Are you feeling proud of yourself now?”
	You sent your sister and your fiance to the police station, and made both the Dawson and Miller family embarrassed?”
	Do you still know who you are?
	Jessica was a pop star. You would ruin her career by what you did today.
	She wouldn’t be able to work in the entertainment industry anymore.
	Our family would lose connection to the Miller family as well.
	Have you thought about all these?
	Natalia gave a bleak smile, “These were all you could think about?”
	Philip was stunned there.
	“You are here to blame on me for what they have done?
	Then what do you expect from me?
	Turning a blind eye after finding out everything?
	Or generously send my blessing out?
	Philip was silenced. He roared back after a few seconds.
	“You vented on someone else for not keeping your fiancee?
	If you are admired, how would Shawn fall in love with your sister?
	You never reflect on yourself, just like your mom. All you can do is to blame others.”
	Natalia was badly provoked.
	The guy in front of her was beyond her imagination.
	Philip cheated on her mom five years ago. Until Aleena brought Jessica in, she met her little sister for the first time.
	The terrible blow drove her Mom crazy and she commitetd suicide soon after. She drove a car and run to a river.
	The Dawson family sent Natalia abroad to avoid trouble. They left her alone and never cared for her well-beings.
	By inherit her Mom’s property, Natalia survived those years. Otherwise, she might be dead already.
	She didn’t expect her Dad and grandma would slander her Mom after her death, although they didn’t like her all the time.
	Natalia was bitterly disappointed. She fleered,
	“You are right!
	I am useless. I can’t inherit anything from a Mom who seduced someone’s husband. Jessica was doing much better than her Mom, as I can see.”
	Aleena’s face was suddenly pale.
	Philip burst into anger, “What kind of bullshit are you talking about?”
	“You know what I am talking!”
	“You!”
	”Enough!”
	Grandma shout out snappishly. Philip was persuaded by Aleena when he was about to continue.
	The moment he looked up, Charlie Miller took Shawn and Jessica out from the hearing room on the other side of the corridor.
	Charlie, together with Shawn and Jessica, were all stern-faced.
	Jessica grabbed Shawn’s arms tightly with grievance and tolerance on her face. Her eyes turned red in pity.
	The crowd rushed forwards with great concern.
	“Jessica,
	are you Okay?”
	Jessica shook her head and replied dejectedly, “I’m fine.”
	Then she turned her face to Natalia behind the crowd.
	“Sister.”
	She called in a gentle voice, with a guilty look towards Natalia, and moved forward.
	“I’m sorry. I didn’t expect you to come over... Me and Shawn... We never did that on purpose. Please forgive us!”
	Natalia stared at her with her poker face.
	Charlie sighed with resignation.
	“We are the one to blame for what happened. What happened is happened. Let me know what you want for compensation. We will try our best to fulfill your needs.”
	Natalia fleered, “Compensation?
	Are you trying to bribe me with hush money?”
	A sense of guilt went across Charlie.
	He glared back to Shawn snappily, “You are such a bastard.
	Come over to make yourself clear for what you did!”
	Shawn reluctantly yielded to his Dad’s authority, and moved towards Natalia.
	“We don’t fit each other, Natalia. Let’s cancel our engagement!”
	Natalia was shocked.
	His words cut her like a knife, with pains all over.
	She already figured out their ending. But when he spoke it out, the sadness rushed across her heart, chilling her entire body.
	She stared at the man in front with a pouty mouth and reddish rims of her eyes.
	“How long have we been together, Shawn?”
	“Six years.”
	“Six years?”
	"Well."
	That was what she got after six years
	He had no sense of guilt, no action to keep their love or even no apology for his behavior. All he said was that they were not fit for each other.
	Something was tore apart from the bottom of Natalia’s heart. She replied sarcastically with no hesitation, “Okay. I agree with you.”
	Shawn was surprised by how decisive she was.
	He questioned with knitted brows, “Seriously?”
	“I can agree on the cancellation. But I need the three newly-acquired subsidiary companies under my name as a compensation.”
	“What?
	Are you crazy?
	Philip screamed out before Charlie and Shawn tried to respond.
	Natalia fleered at her, “You’ve already taken her business into consideration, before you two get married?
	Isn’t it too early to flatter at this time?”
	“You!”
	“Stop!”
	Charlie lifted his hand. He interrupted Philip and turned to Natalia with a calm look.
	“I promise you for what you want. As soon as you bring in the marriage contract, I will transfer the ownership under your name.”
	“Deal.”
	Charlie left with his lawyer. Philip gave a fierce stare towards Natalia. He supported his Mom and walked away under the company of Aleena.
	Only Natalia, Shawn and Jessica were left there.
	Natalia didn’t want to be involved with them anymore. She turned around with a straight face when Jessica pulled her over.
	“Sister!”
	She was blocked the next second.
	Jessica choked with sobs. She grasped Natalia’s arm and asked in a quaking voice,
	“I’m sorry, sister. I didn’t mean to steal Shawn from you. Please don’t be mad at us. I will do whatever you want me to do for compensation.”
Chapter 3 Lost Again
	Natalia was filled with disgust by seeing the helpless look on Jessica’s face.
	She threw her off, “Don't touch me!”
	Even though Natalia didn’t put forth her strength, Jessica staggered to the ground all of a sudden with a squeal.
	“Jessica!”
	Shawn lunged for her, and lifted her up with a deep growl.
	“Natalia,
	what are you doing?”
	“I didn’t...”
	Natalia tried to make an explanation subconsciously, but she got interrupted by Jessica right away.
	“Don’t blame on my sister, Shawn. I’m responsible for all these matters. I deserve everything she wants for punishment.”
	Upon hearing that, Natalia was in shock with her pupil shrank to a narrow slit.
	She looked up and met the lost stare of Shawn’s.
	“I never expect you to be like this. Come at me for all the blames! I’m the one who made all the mistakes.
	Why do you aim at her?”
	Natalia was about to contradict what he said. But the words were stuck in her throat and tortured her a lot.
	“So you think... I pushed her to the ground?”
	“I believe what I see.
	I used to think you as a kind-hearted girl, who is just a little mean sometimes. But until now I realize how vicious and cruel you are.
	I was wrong about you for so many years.”
	Natalia stunned there in horrified disbelief.
	She turned to Jessica and found her dizzy with success.
	A sense of sadness rushed up.
	After a while, she chuckled with sarcasm.
	“I just figure out how stupid you are, Shawn!”
	“What did you say?”
	“Nothing. Aren’t you in love with each other so much?
	Okay.
	I will fulfill what you want. No one will get back with a piece of shit again, right?”
	Shawn pulled a long face. He didn’t think a cultured woman like Natalia would be rude to say that.
	He looked displeased, “Natalia!
	Don’t push your luck!”
	Natalia made a response to him scornfully.
	She took out a handkerchief and wiped the area touched by Jessica.
	“All right!” She remarked casually.
	“Let’s go straight. Get out of my world with your noble mistress from now on!
	You have my best wishes...”
	She rolled her eyes, with a faintly mocking voice, “You guys deserve each other for how bitchy you are.”
	She walked away right after, leaving no room for them to clarify.
	Shawn’s face was ghastly pale. He asked angrily, “What are you talking about?
	Stop...”
	“Shawn...”
	Shawn’s arm was grabbed unexpectedly. He found a deathly look on Jessica’s face. She clutched her belly, “Shawn, my stomach...”
	Shawn was scared, “What happened, Jessica?”
	“I don’t know...”
	A string of blood fell between the thighs of Jessica.
	Shawn’s pupils narrowed, and he was startled by what he saw.
	“Don’t be afraid. I will send you to the hospital now.”
	...
	He held Jessica in his arms on their way.
	Natalia got on her car. She cracked a ironic smile soon as the car faded away.
	She drove to Reika Hotel instead of heading home.
	A large bar was on the first floor of the hotel. The lobby was in bustling feasting.
	She sat by the counter, and downed the liquor one glass after another.
	She wasn’t that addicted to alcohol. While nothing seemed to be better to numb herself temporarily at this time.
	Natalia could pretend to be rakish and dauntless in front of them.
	But only she knew how grieved she was.
	Their long-term relationship wouldn’t be able to compete with the lie of his betray. He was having sex with other woman when she already made up her mind to marry him with a lifetime commitment.
	How sarcastic it was!
	Natalia raised another glass and gulped it down.
	Even she could drink a lot, she was still a little drunk after that.
	At this time, her phone in the bag vibrated.
	Natalia reached down to grab it in a daze and answered,
	“Who is this?”
	“You lost again, sister!”
	It was Jessica.
	Natalia gave a mocking smile.
	“You call to me just to show off?”
	Jessica replied complacently.
	“Do you know that I’m pregnant, sister?”
	By hearing that, Natalia turned a black look.
	She cast a sharp eye towards the people twirled on the dance floor. After a second, a faint voice rose up, “Why are you mentioning these?
	I never had sex with you.”
	“It’s Shawn’s child. He told me that we would marry soon. He never had sex with you over the last six years. You might think it to be Plato love. In fact, he showed no interest in you and found kind of queasy to stay with you.”
	Natalia clutched her fists tightly with Jessica’s words.
	“Do you know?
	We had sex as long as we met each other. He said he never had such happiness with me compared to other women. He mentioned you specifically.
	As a dead and poker-faced people with no fun at all.
	Every other woman knows how to please and attend their man, but you are just a macho woman.
	What’s the fun to be with a homosexual woman like you?”
	Natalia gnashed her teeth in hatred.
	Something seemed to drag and pierce through her heart.
	She took a deep breath and sneered.
	“Are these all you want to say? I thought you would have more brilliant remarks.”
	“I won’t laugh at you for how mad you are. Just let me know, sister.”
	“Why do I need to be mad?
	Only you would treasure garbage dumped by others. Are you feeling disgusting for staying with a piece of shit?”
	“You!”
	“All right!” She remarked casually.
	I’m not talking nonsense with you.
	Don’t try to irritate me anymore. You can’t afford the consequence of pissing me off.”
	Natalia hanged up the phone right after.
	She did feel miserable for sure.
	But she wouldn’t speak it out. What Jessica just said hurt her a lot.
	She still remembered the admiring words Shawn said when they hadn’t started their relationship yet.
	He said he was fond of the pure, chaste and noble look of her. He felt her to be the flower on top of the mountain. She can only be appreciated distantly rather than being touched blasphemously. All he wanted to do was to protect her from getting hurt.
	The purest love should be in the Plato style, rather than being physically engaged all the time.
	But the truth was that, Shawn cheated on her for Jessica. And Jessica even got pregnant now.
	A sense of sarcasm rose up from the bottom of her heart. She covered her face with tears welling up in the eyes.
	Right at the moment, someone patted her on the shoulder.
	”What?
	Is this Miss Natalia?
	It’s really late now. Are you here for the delivery again?
	Natalia turned around and found out a couple of hot girls standing there. They were lead by Shawn’s sister, Katie Miller.
Chapter 4 Met Again
	Katie always set herself against Natalia since they were very young.
	Natalia didn’t want to argue with her. She called for her bills and pulled out some money.
	While at this time, Katie stepped up and blocked her way.
	“Why are you leaving?
	Let me see what do you have today? Condoms or lubricant?”
	Then she tried to catch her bag.
	Natalia stepped back and turned an angry look to Katie.
	“Don’t go too far, Katie!
	“Too far?
	Ha! Ha!
	She acted like she just heard a colossal absurdity. “Natalia!
	Do you still regard yourself as my brother’s girlfriend?
	He broke up with you already!
	You are just being nothing in front of me. Stop being arrogant.”
	Natalia put on a straight face, but didn’t reply.
	At this time, Katie commanded, “Go ahead.
	Grab her bag for me!"
	“The bag wouldn’t surprise me.
	Does she have a sex toy business?
	It’s already late at night. I wonder if she’s here for delivery or prostitution.”
	“I agree with you, but nobody seems to be fond of her stiff look. Let’s take her clothes off to see if we can find anything.
	Maybe your brother can then be proclaimed innocence.
	Katie responded with a glowing look, “That’s a good idea.
	Let’s do it.”
	By the time they stepped up eagerly, Natalia’s face turned deathly pale.
	She turned away to escape before they realized.
	While she was too drunk to figure out the direction. She rushed in a daze when a sign of washroom showed up.
	“Shit!” Someone in the washroom screamed out.
	There were two men there. One was smoking and the other was about to pee when she broke in. She almost scared him out of his pants.
	It was the first time for Natalia to see a scene like this. She stunned a little before realizing that she went in male’s bathroom. Her face reddened all of a sudden.
	”I...I’m sorry. I made a mistake!”
	She staggered out when Katie’s voice came nearer.
	“Which way did she go?
	Where is she now?”
	“I catch her to go this way. How could she disappear?”
	“She must be in the washroom!
	Let’s go!
	Let’s find her out!”
	Hearing that, Natalia looked ahead. She seemed to be familiar with the guy who was smoking.
	“Can I hide here for a while, Sir?”
	She made up her mind for this unspeakable request in order to escape from Katie
	Archie faintly glanced at Brian, who was in a muddle putting on his trousers, “Get out!”
	This seemed to be a big award for him, and Brian slipped away in a rush.
	At this time, Natalia felt a little dizzy. She subconsciously tried to hold something to keep balanced, but with her weak legs, she was about to fall down to the ground.
	Natalia closed her eyes with blood freezes.
	But nothing happened after. She was picked up by Archie’s strong arm.
	Natalia crashed into his arms and slipped down in spite of herself as the dizziness got worse.
	Archie dropped his cigarette, and pulled her up with both hands. He knitted his upon seeing how drunk Natalia was.
	”How much did you have, Natalia?”
	Natalia was confused when Archie spoke out her name.
	“Do you know me?”
	Archie stared at her with calm eyes, but didn’t reveal his mood in his sparse eyes.
	After a while, he responded disdainfully.
	”No!”
	...
	Archie brought her out of the bar.
	She grabbed his neck with a blush on her face and eyes half-closed. She really drank a lot.
	Archie put her at the back seat and sit beside her.
	Brian asked politely while driving
	“Where are we going, Sir?”
	“Mccarthy mansion.”
	“Ok.”
	The car sped along the quiet road at night. Natalia was too drunk to think about anything. She closed her eyes and leaned over the window.
	All she would do was to sleep when getting drunk. She would make no noises.
	The result was that she didn’t find out where she was now, especially when there was a man aside.
	She was dizzy and sleepy with a dim mind. There was an aching feeling in her heart.
	Her phone rang up suddenly.
	She seemed to be impatient to pull it out after a few tries.
	“Hello?”
	“Hello Natalia. I’ve heard from Katie that you left with a man at Reika bar?”
	It was Shawn.
	She opened her misty eyes and asked, “What happened?
	Did she indict me?”
	Shawn replied with a deep voice, “I understand that I made a mistake today. But you can’t just spoil yourself at the bar.
	How could you...
	Natalia didn’t want to talk to him anymore. She interrupted ruggedly, “What do you want to say?”
	Where are you now?
	I will send someone to pick you up.
	“Did you get the permission from Jessica?
	“Jessica is not a bad girl as you think. She treats you as her sister. If anything happened, she would be grieved for sure.”
	Natalia burst into laughter.
	It was the first time for her to find out how cheeky Jessica was.
	Jessica kept lowering her limits.
	“I bet you didn’t know she called me half an hour ago and show off her pregnancy, as well as how she successfully take my boyfriend away!”
	Shawn blurted out
	”Impossible!”
	Natalia cracked a mocking smile
	Shawn took a deep breath and asked with impatience.
	”What exactly do you want, Natalia?
	Jessica didn’t speak ill of you from the very beginning. The moment she found that you were at the bar, she asked me to call you right away. She was really afraid of you getting hurt. What about you?
	You were malicious to her over and over again. I’m sure we did something bad. But do you think you are innocent?
	You replied on your better family background and bully her all the time. Everytime I asked you to go to a banquet with me, you declined with all kinds of excuses. You even argue with me for the sex toy business. How could it be a decent job?
	I’m a respected man. How could my girlfriend get involved in the sex toys business?
	You are a selfish girl who never care about what I think. Now that you blame other people on what happened?
	Natalia was trembling with anger.
	It never occurred to her that Shawn thought her like this!
	She bullied Jessica?
	Decline to go to the banquet with him?
	Bring shame on him by her sex toy business?
	A redness went over her eyes. After a while, she started to laugh out ironically.
	“It’s great for you to think like this.
	Really great!
	Please remember what you say today!
	I will never forgive what you did to me. You will pay for that sooner or later!”
	She cut off the call when finished.
	A cranky silence arose in the car.
Chapter 5 Cut It in Time
	Natalia leaned over the window with tears. She was watching the night view flashing across her eyes.
	What Shawn said lingered around ridiculously.
	She didn’t say a word everytime Jessica bullied her on the sly. Jessica was further intensified over and over again.
	Other than being flabby, she would fight back for the injustice. But how could she became the bully in Shawn eyes?
	She was driven out of the Dawson Family. Everyone in the city knew that she was abandoned. Mrs. Reid was displeased to her as well.
	In order not to make him feel awkward, Natalia avoided showing up in the public. But Shawn now took it as a decline for his request.
	And her sex toy business...
	Her future was wrecked by the selfishness and bias of the Dawson Family. Otherwise, how could she end up with a business like this?
	But now she was the one who was blamed for everything in the end?
	Natalia kept her eyes closed, sad and miserable.
	Suddenly, a male voice came up, “Is it worth to get upset for a man like that?”
	She froze a little and moved her sights towards him. That was a kingly man who was ramrod straight with a frosty look.
	Now she was reminded by her words. She was sitting in his car, and he just helped her at the bar.
	By realizing that, Natalia could no longer be freaked in front of a stranger. She wiped off her tears, “Who said I was sad for him?”
	Archie raised his eyebrow and fell on her reddened eyes.
	Natalia explained, “This is for myself.
	For wasting six years of my youth on him.”
	Archie nodded in agreement.
	“Do you know how to deal with your loss of investment?”
	“How?”
	“Cut it in time.”
	Natalia got shivering by these four words.
	She turned her head toward him. Archie sat straight and shadowed by the dim light, silhouetted against the light stood the solid and noble figure of him.
	She met a lot of handsome men in her life, including Shawn.
	But none of them could compare to the man in front of her right now.
	Just as the stars weren’t as fulgent as the Sun and Moon, Archie had a dazzling light all over him. He seemed to be the flying eagle, always powerful and arrogant insufferably.
	Plus the charming look that was attractive to girls.
	An absurd thought flashed across her mind, and her heart skipped a beat.
	By staring at his pretty profile, she responded staggeringly, “Okay.”
	“What do you think about sex toy business?”
	She asked after a quick pause.
	Archie lifted his brows, “Just a regular industry, same as the other ones. I have no special thought on it.”
	Natalia chuckled faintly.
	She hanged on the mix-up of a tipsy and sober smile with ethereal eyes, “I agree with you.”
	An exotic scent blew over his nose. Archie twisted his head around and found her to sit straight and slopped her body towards him.
	“Then what do you think of me?”
	Archie’s back was stiffened.
	She had a pretty look without question.
	Plus a beauty of sex appeal in amazement.
	A quiet and magnificent temperament ran over inside out from her beige jacket, with a white tank top inside.
	A hymn sprang up in his mind.
	No matter how time flew, the classic style of beauty stayed forever.
	But he didn’t speak it out. The words got stuck in his throat.
	After a while, he answered briefly.
	“Emmm.”
	Natalia leaned closer. Her lips almost touched his ears, and she whispered,
	“If I want to have sex you, would you like to have sex with me?”
	“Haha...”
	Brian was driving,
	But he couldn’t help laughing out.
	The next second, he felt a pierced look behind him.
	His smile froze, and he raised the dam-board between the front and back.
	Finally, Archie sized up the girl beside him.
	He squinted with a dark look under his eyes, “Are you sure about it? You pay the price having sex with me.”
	Natalia replied scornfully, “How much do you charge for that?
	I have a lot of money.”
	Reaching into her wallet, she took out all the money.
	“I can transfer more if these are not enough.”
	At this time, Archie realized that she was seriously.
	The blue veins on his forehead stood out, and he rubbed his eyebrows.
	“Are you trying to have sex tonight with whoever sit here?”
	Natalia shook her head.
	Then she patted on his face with a jovial laughter.
	“I’m not that stupid. It is because of your handsome look. Since they looked down on me,
	I need to find someone with a better background and appearance than Shawn to piss them off!”
	Archie never expected to get an answer like that.
	He pulled a wry face. Her words were not being taken seriously.
	At this moment, a sudden braking occurred.
	Natalia almost got tumbled down by how drunk she was. Luckily, Archie held her up in time.
	He asked in a deep voice, “What happened?”
	“I’m sorry, sir. We just arrived at the Mccarthy mansion.” Brian’s voice came up.
	“You can go now!”
	“Ok.”
	The door was closed. Archie frownly looked at the girl in his arms. She had drowsy eyes and glowing red face.
	“Let’s go inside!”
	Natalia didn’t move. She stayed there and looked up at his recalcitrant face.
	Archie had an abstinent and frigid face, with luscious lips opened and closed, full of invitingly bewitches.
	Driven by alcohol and sex impulse,
	she stretched out her hand to his neck and sent a shallow kiss.
	Archie straightened his back with contracted pupils. Natalia let go the next second.
	She chuckled by the stiff look on his face.
	“You really have honey lips, handsome.”
	Archie became speechless.
	...
	He commanded after choking back his impulse to throw her off the car.
	“Leave me alone.”
	Natalia didn’t follow. She winked, eyes filled with tears towards his composed and brilliant look.
	“Are you dislike me for being rigorous and boring? And that’s why you don’t want to have sex with me?”
	Archie kept a straight face, “No, I’m not.”
	“Then why are you not accepting my request?”
	She felt a sense of grievance all of a sudden, with a handful of diamond tears ran down her pale face.
	His mind got pulled tight.
	Her tears were pouring down her face out of control and soaked his shirt.
Chapter 6 Licensed
	Archie felt terrible with knitted brows.
	After a long time, he sighed lightly with a tender tone, “I will bring you up for a break. Let me go.”
	“No.”
	She held tightly over his neck and burrowed her face into his chest, as a drowning woman waiting for her last rescue.
	Shawn never wanted to have sex with her in the past six years, and she just took it as his respectful and caring thought.
	Now she finally figured out that he was just ashamed of her being rigid and boring. As far as he was concerned, Natalia had no difference as a man except for her sexuality.
	At the thought of this, she felt a stabbing pain over her pride.
	She kissed his face one more time with arms around his neck, as if she wanted to prove something.
	This time, she kept his lips in her mouth with a light lick, instead of just picking at it. The bushy eyelash thrilled across his skin with a feeling of itch.
	Archie felt tetanic all over his body.
	The frazyed nerve failed one after another.
	At the end, he lost the battle with her. With a clamp of her chin, he started to talk in a deep voice.
	“Do you know what you are doing? Natalia!”
	She loosened her lips with an aching sob, her misty eyes full of complaint, just like an injured fawn.
	After a minute, a confident voice rose up,
	“I know I try to have sex with you!”
	On hearing that, Archie laughed angrily.
	He turned a gloomy look with low-pitched voice.
	“Are you sure?”
	She nodded confusedly.
	“Okay.
	I will satisfy your needs.”
	On the second floor of Mccarthy mansion.
	The bedroom door opened with a bang.
	He put her in the bed with a string of kisses, clothes scattered on the ground.
	She scorched out with a croon, and a dizziness rose up. She could barely tell between dream and reality.
	A man’s psychedelic voice rang out, “I will give you one last chance. Do you want to have sex with me?”
	She nodded with clouded mind.
	Unlocking the drawer, he took out the document.
	“Okay. Sign this first.”
	Natalia turned a drowsy eye towards it, “What is that?”
	“Marriage certificate is the most basic respect from a man to his woman.”
	His words seemed to be hard to understand. While she still had it finished in an alcoholic haze.
	By seeing her signature on the paper, Archie curled up his lips approvingly. He put the paper back with an aggressive kiss.
	A feeling of intimacy filled the room.
	...
	Natalia woke up in pain the next morning.
	She felt hurt everywhere in the body, just like she was crushed heavily by a truck.
	Sitting up seemed to be difficult, with her mouth parched and tongue scorched.
	Natalia gulped down the glass of water on the bedside without any thinking.
	All the vague memory of last night started to steam again with a feeling of comfort.
	She thought back faintly as getting on the car with a man. Something happened on the quiet after finishing the call with Shawn and Jessica.
	Natalia threw back the cover in surprise.
	Even she prepared in advance, the thick love bites still drove her crazy a little.
	Ah!
	What happened?
	She scratched her head depressingly,
	“Crack”
	By hearing the sound, she suddenly covered the body with quilt.
	“Who’s this?”
	A man in great figure came in with steady pace.
	Natalia got startled.
	That man was in her distant memory that she had sex with.
	Archie had a black suit with well-ironed white shirt inside. The shirt was buttoned up to the top, against the frosty look, stately and high-wattage aura from his head to toe.
	Archie had a set of woman’s clothes in his hand.
	Then he put them on the bedside and said tonelessly,
	“Get changed and come downstairs for breakfast.”
	Natalia pulled him over,
	“Hey”
	“About last night...”
	Archie lifted his lips, stood with his back to Natalia. A voice rose up with no sympathy
	“Let’s talk downstairs.”
	Then he left straight and closed the door for her.
	Natalia rooted there for a while before sinking in the bed again. She covered her eyes with bashfulness, and made a soundless squeal.
	She wasn’t too drunk to forget what happened last night. By piecing together the memory, she recalled approximately what she said and done.
	Ah!
	How shameful it was!
	But there was nothing to regret. She went crazy for a moment before getting up, and walked into the bathroom dejectedly.
	A flush with shame came across her face again, when noticing the dense cyanotic love bites over her body.
	She managed to finish showering and dressed up.
	The living room was spacious, the same size as the bedroom. They were both decorated in black and white, with a classic and simple style, full of restraining luxury. A freezing wave of wind blew from the French window aside.
	Archie turned around by hearing the footstep. A flash of amazement came across his eyes when he saw her face.
	Natalia was wearing the black shirt and long dress picked by Archie. The neckline was slightly open with a black tie over her neck. A sense of simplicity and sex appeal sprang up with Natalia’s slim figure.
	Archie walked towards the dining room with darkened eyes.
	Natalia quickly followed him and caught his pace by reaching the room.
	“I’m sorry about what happened last night, sir... I was really drunk.”
	Archie pulled the chair for her, and sat himself on the other side. He responded faintly
	“No problem.”
	He paused for a while and continued, “It’s my duty to do that.”
	“What?”
	A man came in before she figured out what he meant.
	The man stopped in front of Archie, handing over two red brochures politely, “Everything is done, sir”
	“Okay.” Archie replied.
	He took them over and looked inside, then passed one to Natalia.
	“Check it out.”
	Natalia was stunned, and found it to be familiar, like...
	Upon taking it over, Natalia had a quick heartbeat. She popped her eyes when seeing the names on it, together with the photo.
	“What... happened?”
	Archie took a slight glance at her.
	He seemed to be more poised by comparison. A deep voice rose when he put aside the marriage certificate.
	“Have you forgot what you signed?”
	Natalia put on a questioned look, “What did I sign?”
	“Ah!”
	Seeing her reaction, Archie patted on the desk, and Brian handed him a document.
	Natalia picked it up. “Marriage Application” was clearly printed on it.
Chapter 7 Get Married
	She couldn’t help gasping for air.
	”Marriage?”
	Us?”
	This... is impossible!
	I was drunk last night. This certificate is not valid!”
	Archie sneered towards her.
	“You signed it when you wanted to have sex with me. How can you deny it now?”
	Natalia silenced.
	...
	“Ah!”
	He sneered again with gird.
	Natalia stuck for a while, before letting out a word, “Marriage should be agreed by both parties. How could you blame me for all the faults?”
	She wouldn’t be able to get through this without his permission.
	Unexpectedly, Archie unbuckled the shirt the next second.
	“I know you wouldn’t admit, and that’s why I save the evidence.”
	Along with Archie’s action, Natalia saw the love bites and scratches all over his delicate clavicle.
	It was clear how intensive last night was!
	She just wanted to run away in shame!
	She was just having a transient happiness with sex, but it turned out to be playing with fire!
	By the ardent reminder from Archie, Natalia finally remembered how enthusiastic she was. She flushed with shame.
	“I’m sorry!
	I didn’t mean that. How about this?
	I will pay the compensation for how much you want. Can we just...not get married?”
	Archie turned a gloomy eye towards her and her respond.
	“Compensation?
	Okay!
	Brian.”
	“Yes.”
	Brian walked up with an IPAD in his hand. Archie wrote down a couple number and placed it in front of Natalia.
	“This is the Forbes Billionaires List published last month. Someone is willing to pay 30 billion for having sex with our president. Check it out.”
	Natalia freaked out.
	She took a glance over and saw the harsh look of Archie in the photo. His fierce eyes seemed to pop out and puncture her.
	She gulped unconsciously.
	“You mean, I need to pay 30 billion for compensation?”
	“Yes.”
	Natalia felt to be trapped right at the moment.
	She turned a suspicious look towards Archie with pupils shrank. He seemed to look familiar.
	By checking out the name on both the iPad and marriage certificate.
	Ar...ch...ie
	Archie???!!!
	Wow!
	Wow!
	Natalia almost jumped up by astonishment.
	It was Archie who she was familiar with?
	The heir of Mccarthy consortium, president of the Mccarthy Group. He was the resident star on Forbes Billionaire List. There was rumor that he was fabulously wealthy with a mysterious family background.
	He started the business of Annita International several years ago. It only took two years for him to take over half of the market share. That was a miracle.
	Natalia was silent for a moment.
	At first, she thought 30 billions was too much for compensation. Now that she knew who Archie was. He deserved this much undoubtedly.
	Natalia asked carefully, “Then... can we negotiate a little, to change the way of compensation?”
	Archie lifted up his brows with a pale look
	“What?”
	“I can’t afford 30 billion.”
	“Then there’s nothing to negotiate.”
	Archie was apparently upset. Brian quickly collect the certificates and document, and left respectfully.
	Natalia was about to say something before noticing the frosty expression on Archie’s face. She didn’t speak it out.
	Archie left the word gelidly.
	“You have three days to sweep the past. I will pick you up after that. You will stay here in the future.”
	Natalia failed to shed a tear.
	She knew that it was useless to fight back, so she corrected herself.
	“Can we extend a couple of days longer?”
	Archie sneered with laughter.
	“Ah!”
	Natalia silenced.
	...
	...
	Brian was waiting for her outside the Mccarthy mansion.
	He politely opened the door of a grey Maserati
	“I will drive you back, Miss Natalia.”
	Natalia cracked a wry smile, “Not necessary. I will get a taxi.”
	“This is the command from Archie.”
	On hearing that, Natalia lowered her eyes and got on the car depressingly.
	She stayed in a one bedroom apartment in downtown, easy to commute with a great location. The space was enough for her.
	When getting back, Natalia sank in the sofa with an empty mind.
	Everything came one after another from last night. She didn’t even have time to think about it. All she did was to solve them by the light of nature. But now, a sense of tiredness hit her when she got completely relaxed.
	She typed in “Archie” in her laptop on the desk
	His name.
	A vast amount of information popped up. She became more and more disappointed by seeing them.
	Now that she knew how extraordinary Archie was, she was still distressed by his profiles online.
	She dared not to irritate him!
	Not to mention the precious identity, his authority and wealth could already terrify her.
	He tried to marry her?
	This was ridiculous.
	But she wasn’t much surprised. Even being trapped, she had nothing to lose at all.
	Moreover, she still had three days left.
	Maybe Archie would regret after three days!
	Just keep under observation and see what would happen next.
	Natalia was no longer entangled by thinking of that.
	She didn’t work on Saturday. After changing a different outfit, she walked directly towards the shop.
	The sex toys shop was in downtown as well. It only took her five minutes to get there on foot.
	She rented it two years ago and decorated with all kinds of sex toys.
	By the time the business started, she hired a staff to look after it, with herself being busy for other works. She came over and made an inspection tour when available.
	While the shop assistant was called off these days, she now had to arrange everything by herself.
	Even Shawn looked down on her business, but she never agreed on that. She didn’t violate the law by making a living with that. How could it be a humble job?
	There was no doubt that the business was sometimes a little inconvenient for a girl, but it earned excessive profit for sure.
	She made a huge profit to get her house and a considerable saving.
	But now she lost everything but the money, which was the most important stuff for her at this time.
	Due to the breakup with Shawn, she had to get a job rather than working under the Miller Group anymore.
	By thinking of that, Natalia walked out vacillatingly and dialed a number.
Chapter 8 Marriage Announced
	The Dawson Family.
	The living room was filled with people. Clara, Philip, Aleena, Katie and some of Jessica’s friends were all sitting there.
	Jessica and Shawn were on the other side. It seemed to be awkward at the moment.
	“You are really well-behaved, Jessica!
	How could Natalia be like that? You and Shawn are two of a kind.”
	She knew how sensitive your identity was. All she tried to do is to ruin your career by calling the police.”
	“I agree on that. She just broke up with Shawn, and fooled around some other guy right away. She was not a decent woman either!”
	“You’ve suffered for being a public figure. Now that everyone is talking about this on the internet. You are framed up to be the one seducing Shawn, who then got caught up by his fiancee. There is also rumor about you taking drugs. You need to find a solution to it.”
	“Yes!
	She made up her mind to call the police. You can’t await your doom!”
	Jessica turned a pity eye towards Clara, who sat in the top chair. She revealed a sense of fragility and sadness across her pale face.
	"What can I do?
	I can’t fight against her if she resists. We are a family. Grandma and my parents will be caught in the middle if we get into an argument.”
	By hearing the response, Clara showed an favourable look towards her.
	But Philip shouted in anger
	“Why is it so difficult for me?
	Did she treat you as her little sister, same as you did?”
	“You can’t blame it on her, Mr. Philip... I made some mistakes as well.”
	Shawn responded peacefully with knitted brows.
	Jessica followed up immediately.
	“No, it’s definitely my fault. If I didn’t fall in love with Shawn, Natalia wouldn’t...”
	“I didn’t mean that, Jessica.”
	Shawn stopped her with a deep voice
	“I mean we need to explain to her as early as possible, instead of keeping it a secret for so long. Now that I made the mistake for you to suffer.”
	By hearing that, Jessica was greatly moved. She put on a grateful look, “Shawn...”
	"Ahem!"
	Clara had a slight cough, and turned a glowing face towards Shawn.
	“Do you have any solution for this? There is no way to keep in silence anymore. I bet you saw the public voices online. It is totally a mess now.”
	Shawn switched to a dark face, and Jessica clenched her fist nervously.
	“Mrs. Reid, I promise you to take good care of Jessica. I will release a statement to publish our relationship when I get back.”
	Clara rose up a happy face.
	Aleena and Philip were getting excited as well. Only Jessica had a look of anxiety in her eyes.
	“But everyone knows that you have the marriage arrangement already. Will they believe us?”
	Shawn held her hands and explained.
	“Though everyone knows about the certificate, they barely figure out who my fiancee is. No one will comment aggressively if I state the certificate to be between us.”
	Jessica finally turned up a joyful look.
	But she frowned the next second.
	"What about Natalia...”
	“Calm down!
	I will explain to her.”
	Clara replied, with an air of victorious authority as a mistress.
	You don’t have to make the statement, in case any trouble arose.
	We can just make the statement the day after tommorrow. It will be Jessica’s birthday. Let’s arrange a banquet and invite some reporters to come. The news will be released then.”
	Shawn nodded, “Ok, everything is up to you, Mrs. Reid.”
	“You should talk it over with your parents as well. Marriage is a great affair. You can’t just decide by your own.”
	“They’ve already agreed on that. My parents like Jessica very much.”
	“Good to know that.”
	A delight look showed up on Clara’s face, “Let’s have lunch together!”
	Shawn stood up, “Thanks, Mrs. Reid. I have some work to finish today. Let’s meet some other time.”
	“Then I won’t stick to it. Feel free to come back anytime.”
	Clara turned to Jessica aside, “See Shawn out, Jessica.”
	Jessica stood up tactfully, “Sure.”
	After they left, Clara pulled a long face.
	She switched the smile to a fierce look towards Philip, and made a lower voice
	“Give your ruthless daughter a call and ask her to come back tonight.”
	Philip responded right away, “Okay.”
	...
	Natalia hanged up after coming to an agreement with the other side.
	But the phone rang again right away.
	She stunned with knitted brows upon seeing the name of the caller.
	Suddenly, she seemed to lose her appetite a lot.
	Picking up the phone, Natalia responded with a faint voice, “Dad.”
	“You still recognize me!”
	Philip’s roar passed through the phone, Natalia couldn’t help staying further from it.
	Then she simply put it on the table and turned on the hands-free mode.
	“What’s up?”
	“When did you come back?”
	She responded faintly with lowered eyes
	“What’s the question for?”
	“You dare to ask!
	You even didn’t notify me when you came back! Do you still remember me as you father?
	Did you still have the family in your mind?”
	Natalia sneered with curved lips, “I remembered that I called you when getting back, Mr.Philip”
	Philip was stunned there.
	After a while, he asked indeterminately
	“When did you call?
	How could I not remember that?”
	Natalia mocked bitterly.
	As soon as Jessica got back, she realized Philip paid little attention on her.
	But she didn’t expect him to forget the call when she got back. He was far more careless than she thought.
	And he now questioned her for not mentioning him about that? This was ridiculous.
	Philip seemed to feel the mistake he made awkwardly.
	“Fine. I’ve been busy all these years to expand the business. I might forget it.
	As a daughter, can you understand your father?
	Is it reasonable for you not tocome back and visit us after getting back for a long time?
	Natalia was disinclined to talk nonsense with him. She asked in a steady voice
	“What are you calling for?”
	“I...”
	Philip was irritated by her cold voice, but then he thought about her temper and depressed the anger.
	He made a solid statement, “Grandma asked you to have supper at home tonight!”
	“I'm not going!”
	“What do you mean?
	You are a member of the Dawson Family. Anything wrong to have a meal with the family?
	Or you want me to pick you up in person?”
	Natalia replied scornfully, “You never ask me for a meal, not even during the holiday season. Now that an invitation has been sent all of sudden, I’m afraid it would be a reunion with malicious purpose.”
Chapter 9 Forced to Go Home
	“You!”
	Philip was irritated badly by her, “Are you coming back or not?”
	“No!”
	“Okay.
	Remember what you said!
	Don’t blame on me if Grandma makes trouble on you!”
	Philip hanged up, after realizing he could barely communicate with a cold fish like her.
	Natalia didn’t pay attention to him either. She sneeringly put the phone back and ate the take-away.
	On the other side, Clara frowned when Philip came in huffily.
	“How is that?
	Have you called her?
	Will she come tonight?”
	Philip responded snappishly.
	“How could I make it?
	She is getting more and more mighty. Unless we go in person in a kindly manner, she wouldn’t come.”
	Clara turned bad-tempered.
	“BANG!”
	The chopsticks were heavily put on the table.
	“This is unbridled!”
	Everyone in the restaurant got shocked. Clara took in charge of the Dawson Family after the death of Philip’s father. After all these years’ accumulation, her authority impacted a lot.
	Aleena tipped Jessica a wink.
	Jessica picked the soup bowl up, walked towards Clara, and whispered softly.
	“Don’t get angry, Grandma. Your health matters the most.”
	Aleena stroke in as well, “I agree on that. Don’t push Natalia if she didn’t want to come back. We can find some other way to get through this. Your health matters the most.”
	Clara laughed out, “This is ridiculous!
	She can’t insist without scruple.
	I will bring her here today for sure!
	Let me see how stubborn she really is!”
	And with that, she asked the steward Matthew to come.
	“Matthew, check where Natalia is now. Let her know that if she didn’t come back tonight, I will get rid of everything her Mom left her. She would never get them!”
	I will get rid of everything her Mom left. She would never get them!”
	By hearing that, Matthew responded with an anxious look.
	“Okay.”
	...
	In the afternoon, Natalia was about to get off work after finishing the last order.
	Unexpectedly, Matthew was already waiting outside.
	Natalia knew him for sure. He had been serving at the Dawson Family for more than ten years.
	Before Aleena and Jessica took in charge of the family, she had a fair and courteous relationship with Matthew.
	His appearance reminded her of Philip’s call before. She suddenly turned a dispassionate look.
	“Have you finished your work, Miss Natalia?”
	Matthew stepped forward. Natalia took a quick glimpse with keys in her hand.
	“It’s been a while since we met last time, Matthew.”
	“You are getting more and more beautiful. If your Mom is still alive, she must be delighted.”
	Natalia curled her lips, “If she is still alive, will you be on her side? Or Aleena’s side?”
	Matthew lost his tongue by surprise. He didn’t prepare for a question like that.
	Natalia didn’t intend to make him awkward. She chuckled, “Don’t be nervous. I’m just kidding.”
	Matthew laughed drily. He was almost frightened to death.
	“Anything I can help you with, Matthew?”
	He responded immediately,
	“Mrs. Reid asked me to bring you home.”
	Natalia froze and sneered, “Did Philip mention that I didn’t want to go back?”
	“He did. But Mrs. Reid insisted... If you don’t come, you will never get what your Mom left for you.”
	Matthew made a veiled reference. But Natalia had already caught his word.
	She pulled a long face, “What does she want?”
	Matthew was in a pickle.
	He paused a little before giving the advise.
	“You’ve suffered losses from quarreling with your family these years.
	It’s just a quick meal. You might regret for not accepting the invitation and losing what your Mom left for you.”
	Natalia tied up with a grim face.
	After a while, she loosed the twisted fingers, “I understand.”
	Matthew relieved by her acceptance.
	He stooped to open the car door for her, “Get on please, Miss Natalia.”
	Natalia got in the car, and didn’t say anything.
	They arrived at the Dawson Family’s house in twenty minutes.
	The house was located at rich zone of City J. It was surrounded by the mountain and river with a beautiful view.
	Natalia got off and walked to the house with a poker face.
	In the living room, Aleena was picking the dress for Jessica for her birthday banquet the day after.
	To Jessica, it would be an important date for her as to declare her marriage with Shawn on her birthday.
	After the agreement in the afternoon, Clara commanded immediately for them to pick banquet dress and book the venue.
	Customization wouldn’t be possible in just two days.
	Luckily it was just her birthday banquet. She didn’t need to take the announcement of marriage seriously either, as it was just an illusion to the public. All they needed to do was to make a simple clarification.
	A couple of favorable dresses finally got picked out after spending the whole afternoon for selection.
	All they needed to do was to wait until tomorrow for the fitting.
	By the time they made the gleeful discussion, some noises came over from the door.
	They looked up and saw Natalia walking in.
	She was wearing a beige jacket with black pencil pants, and a white shirt inside. The pants set off her slender legs. Her curly hair was dishevelled over her shoulder naturally and gracefully.
	Jessica peeped at her jealously.
	She detested the pretentious look of Natalia.
	Natalia was just a sex toy shop owner, but she tried to dress up like a social elite. She always pretended to be noble by her aloofness and indifference.
	However, Jessica soon cooled down when she thought of Natalia’s occupation.
	Even she pretended to be noble,
	she could still not match Jessica.
	Jessica was the darling daughter of the Dawson Family, as well as a rising star in the entertainment industry. What about her?
	She got kicked out, no matter how talented she was.
	Her work could not be kept either.
	At that time, all she could do was her sex toy business at the ten square meter’s small shop.
	Thinking of that, Jessica felt proud of herself. She stepped forward, with a glimmer of smile and her back straightened.
	“Here you are, sister!”
	Aleena reacted the same. She came up with a smiley face.
	“Take a seat, Natalia.”
	Get Natalia a cup of water, nanny Chan.”
	The servant soon brought the water in, with a scornful look towards Natalia.
	Natalia didn’t haggle over. She asked with a frosty voice,
	“Anything you want from me?”
	Aleena felt awkward for being questioned by her.
	By seeing that, Jessica approached Natalia and held her arms,
	“No rush, sister. Let’s talk after supper. We haven’t met each other for a long time!
	We haven’t communicated with each other for a while either. There’s still some time before the supper gets ready. Why not we catch up in my room?”
	Natalia sneered with a cold look.
	“What are we talking about?
	About how you seduce the man?
	I’m sorry. I have no interest in it. I don’t want to learn about that either.”
Chapter 10 Mother's Remains
	Jessica got rigid by her word, and a sense of grievance flashed across her eyes.
	“How could you say that to me, sister?”
	Aleena cracked a wry smile as well,
	“Jessica was trying to show her hospitality. Why don’t you have a talk with her?
	You can explain the mistakes between each other. We are together as one family.”
	“Family?
	I’m sorry.
	I can call anyone else to be my family in this room, except for you two.
	Meanwhile, my Mom only got one kid. Why do I have a sister?
	Please don’t force your relationship to me.
	Are you not afraid for being avenged by my Mom in the mid of the night?
	“Ah...!”
	Jessica screamed out by Natalia’s ferocious look. She sank into Aleena’s arm immediately.
	At this time, a reproach came from the stairs.
	“Natalia!”
	Natalia looked up and saw Clara coming down with her walking stick.
	For an old-age woman as her, she was still in a high spirits with sharp look. She had a long face now, full of queenly feeling.
	But Natalia wasn’t afraid of her at all. She stood there with a faint and awe-inspiring face.
	This was the look Clara got sick of. She was aloof and stubborn, same as her dead Mom. They seemed to have superior gene and look down on everyone else.
	Natalia berated her harshly.
	“What did you say?”
	Natalia was disinclined to respond. It was meaningless to dispute for the same thing at all times.
	She might be in the argument with them a couple years ago.
	But now she wouldn’t. She realized that no one in the family cared about her Mom.
	Noticing the silence of Natalia, Clara thought her to be tamed, and eased a little.
	She turned to Jessica, who was lying back on Aleena’s arms. Jessica had a delicate and touching look towards her. Her exquisite face was like a deerlet that got frightened. Clara relaxed again by her look.
	“All right!” She remarked casually.
	Now that Natalia comes back. Let’s leave the past behind and take the supper in the dining room.”
	Then she walked towards the dining room in the lead.
	Natalia followed up with knitted brows.
	“When I know that you will come back for supper, I ask nanny to cook your favorite dishes. Try and see if you like them.”
	Soon as they sat around the table, Aleena started to take food to her.
	Natalia refrained from her disgust towards Aleena. She didn’t respond, neither did she take the food.
	Philip got mad by how she sat there with a frosty look.
	“What’s wrong with you?
	Are you feeling aggrieved for having supper here?
	Aunty Aleena is the elder. How could you not show your gratitude by accepting food from her?”
	Natalia kept silent.
	Even she didn’t want to take it personally, she couldn’t show up a happy face towards a woman who pushed her Mom to death. She even had meals together with her.
	She put her chopsticks down and said in a cold voice.
	“No need to do this!
	I'm not hungry, and I don't want to eat.
	What exactly did you call me back for?
	Let’s make it clear!”
	Clara looked at her. Her shrewd eyes flashed with a glint.
	She did not get angry this time and rose up a quiet voice.
	"It seems that you have a lot of resentment towards this family. No one would force you to eat anything. We just want to inform you something. And that is the reason for calling you home today.
	Your sister will celebrate her birthday the day after tommorrow. We will hold a banquet for her. We also discussed with Shawn already that their relationship would be published that day. You will need to be there as well.
	If anyone asks, just say that the one engaged to Shawn was always Jessica. This would be good to you as well. You can just let go the past!”
	Natalia looked at her in shock.
	She didn’t expect the outcome to be like this for them to call her back again and again.
	She looked at Clara for a long time, and suddenly laughed in a low volume.
	"You mean, you want me to go and be the shield for them?
	As a stepping stone for them to announce their relationship?"
	Clara sank her face, with a displeased look over her eyes, ''What are you talking about?
	This is for both you and your sister!
	After a pause, she added, "You're a girl who needs to marry sooner or later. Is it nice to let others know that you got abandoned in the past?"
	"What if I don’t want to?"
	"It’s not up to you at all!
	I've made up my mind!
	You don’t have the obligation to go against this!
	"What if I insist?"
	Clara made a fake smile. She took a gaze at Natalia, full of mockery and contempt.
	"You won’t reject, unless... you don't want those things your mother left behind."
	There was a moment of silence in the dining room, deadly as the falling needle could be heard.
	Natalia stood up abruptly from the chair.
	She kept a straight face and stared at Clara with an icy glare.
	After a while, she laughed grimly.
	“Okay.
	Really great!
	You can threaten me this time, but not for a lifetime!"
	"It's enough for this time now."
	Clara neglected her anger. She calmly put down her chopsticks.
	"The day after tomorrow at 8pm. See you at the Imperial Hotel. Please arrive on time."
	...
	It was already eight o'clock at night when Natalia left.
	Wind was chilling in late autumn. But it still couldn't blow away the piece of anger in her mind.
	She had always known that Clara favored more of Jessica, but this was beyond her imagination.
	Clara wasn’t even superficial to threaten her by her mother’s remains. She wanted Jessica to step on her for Shawn?
	This was really ridiculous!
	Natalia stood at the roadside. She got angry for a moment, and soon calmed herself down.
	By the time her mother Kiera Hawkins got the accident, she already commissioned her lawyer to make a will.
	The contents of the will were quite simple: she had a safe in the bank. If she happened to die someday, everything in the safe belong to Natalia.
	The only condition was that it had to be after her marriage. Until then, the lawyer would hold up for her specifically.
	Natalia didn't know why his mother had made such a will, nor did she know what was in that safe.
	Over the years, the Dawson family always insinuated to her for giving up the inheritance.
	She wouldn’t compromise for sure. Not to mention what was in the safe, she wouldn’t allow it to be others’ as it was the remains from her mother.
	It just made her more certain that the remains would be valuable for sure.
	Otherwise, a wealthy family like the Dawsons wouldn’t be envious to it.
	As she was pondering, a black Audi drove past her and stopped in front of the gate.
	Natalia was in a trance. The next second, a familiar voice rang out in her ears.
	"Natalia?
	What are you doing here?"
	Natalia turned around towards Shawn, who just got off with his Armani navy suits. He was in a great figure vigorously.
	She curled her lips sneeringly
	"Mr. Shawn is really busy to remember which family I belong to."
	Shawn stalled slightly. His face stiffened a little.
	Of course, He knew Natalia’s family background. Strictly, she belonged to this place as wll.
	While Natalia was separted from the family these years and never came back, Shawn was just surprised for her appearance here today.
Chapter 11 Stop PDA
	Natalia didn't force Shawn back with sarcastic remarks.
	He said sternly.
	"Well, since you are here, I have something to ask you, where the hell did you go last night?
	Why didn’t you answer my calls?"
	Natalia's eyes twitched slightly.
	Last night Shawn did call her a few times, but she was with Archie and didn't hear it at all.
	She did see it this morning, but she didn't want to call back.
	After all, whether cared or scolded, it was no longer appropriate considering their relationship.
	Thinking about it, she scratched her hair and replied lazily.
	"Shawn, do you think you mean a lot to me?"
	Shawn froze, "What?"
	"Then why do I have to answer your calls?"
	Shawn froze for a second, after finally understanding what she meant, he burst into a rage.
	“Natalia,
	You are so ungrateful!
	I'm concerned about you!"
	"Oh?
	Does Jessica know that you care about me so much?"
	The ends of her eyes rose and she looked at him with a smirk.
	Shawn's face changed slightly, angry and furious, but he was unable to say a word.
	Just then, a clear, sweet voice came from the door.
	"Shawn!"
	As soon as he turned around, he saw Jessica running out in a lavender long-sleeved dress.
	Seeing her, Shawn's face eased a little and walked towards her.
	"Why are you out?
	You are wearing thin.
	It's windy outside."
	"I'm fine. I don't feel cold."
	Jessica smiled towards him, then her gaze fell on Natalia and took a lurch forward.
	Followed by a sweet smile and hurried towards her.
	"Sister, why are you still here?
	Didn’t you come in your car?
	Do you want me to call the driver to pick you up?"
	Natalia looked at the tenderness and kindness on her face and mockingly curled her lips, "Don't bother, I'll call a taxi by myself."
	Jessica paused for a moment and laughed.
	"Sister, stop pushing yourself! It's not easy to call a taxi here, and it's so late. It's not safe for you to go back on your own, just let me call a driver to send you home!"
	She said, beckoning a servant to come.
	“Ask the driver to come here and take my sister back."
	The servant nodded and turned to call someone.
	Natalia looked at her like she was already the mistress of the Dawson family, and suddenly felt a little nauseous.
	Five years ago, she was a little country girl, and back then there was still no room for she and her mother to speak here. But in just a few years, the situation has changed drastically.
	She broke into a snigger and naturally did not give any good looks, saying coldly.
	"Jessica, are you unable to understand my words?
	When did I promise to let the driver take me home?"
	Jessica was stupefied when she looked at her sister's cold pupils, and her entire body shrank, seemingly stunned by her stern words.
	"Sister, don't be angry, I'm just concerned about you."
	"You care about me?"
	Natalia sneered and playfully stepped forward, ''The person who was forcing me with Grandma a second ago is now coming to say she cares about me?
	Jessica, after wearing the mask of hypocrisy for a long time, aren't you afraid that you won't be able to take it off?"
	Jessica's face turned slightly pale, and a mist of water instantly gathered in her soft eyes.
	"Sister, I'm just worried about you, how can you say that......"
	The way she was lightly trembling looked pathetically thin and fragile, Shawn couldn't help himself and took a big step forward to embrace her into his arms.
	Turning his head, he glared at Natalia viciously.
	“Natalia,
	Can you be nice and stop hurting her with mean words? You are just like a hedgehog that keeps everyone who tries to get close to you away!
	Jessica is just being kind. If you don't like her, just refuse her. Why are you talking in a way like this to hurt her?
	Natalia paused as she watched him defending Jessica.
	Followed by a mocking curl of her lips and a coolness in her heart.
	In the past six years, Shawn actually didn't treat her badly, or could even be considered as gentle and considerate.
	Otherwise she wouldn't have fallen in love with him for six years.
	She just didn't understand why he didn't break up with her if he liked Jessica so much.
	She was not a person who could not afford to lose. If he proposed to end their relationship and fell in love with Jessica afterwards, she would not say anything even though she was upset.
	But he didn't, he waited until he was caught having sex with her, and they tore up and got into such an embarrassing situation!
	Natalia inclined her head and said in a cold voice.
	"Get the hell out of here if you don't want to get hurt. I have warned you to stop displaying affection in front of me. Don't you know the saying called 'show your love and die soon'?"
	“You!”
	Shawn was furious and Jessica hurriedly stopped him, ''Shawn, forget it!
	My sister is in a bad mood, let's not bother her......"
	Shawn pointed at her with hatred, and in the end, he heaved his hand.
	"Ok, fine!
	I won't bother you, but with a cold and harsh personality like yours, you will never find a boyfriend!
	Don't regret when this happens!
	Ya, let's go!"
	He huffed his speech and pulled Jessica into the villa.
	Natalia stood alone in the cold air, shivering for no reason.
	No one wanted to be with me?
	A sudden ache flooded her heart and her eyes watered a little.
	Still, she tilted her head and blinked hardly, pushing the sourness down.
	Then she laughed at herself:
	“What are you crying for?
	I have heard more mean words before. A filthy mouth can't utter decent language. Are you going to bother with a bitch?”
	She took a few deep breaths to calm down.
	Just then, “BEEP, BEEP, BEEP"
	Somewhere ahead a car horned.
	Natalia looked up, and in the darkness of the night, a black Rolls-Royce drove over in the direction she was standing.
	The bright headlights were shining bright, causing her to raise her hands and squint her eyes, and soon the car crossed over and stopped in front of her.
	"Miss Natalia Dawson!
	We meet again!"
	The one who got off the car was Archie's assistant Brian, who Natalia met in the morning and certainly knew.
	She forced a smile, a little embarrassed, "What are you guys doing here?"
	"Mr. Mccarthy just finished a dinner party and happened to pass by, and seeing that it looked like you standing on the roadside, so he ordered me to stop."
	Saying that, he smiled and opened the car door for her respectfully, "Miss Natalia, please."
	Natalia was a little hesitant.
	She looked up at the man sitting in the car. He was sitting quietly, one elbow resting on the window, his eyes looking out of the window, and he didn't know what he was looking at, his whole body looked a bit lazy.
	And that handsome side face could be clearly seen even under the cover of the night, only the cool aura emitted from his body made her feel that this man was still detached and indifferent.
	She hesitated for a few seconds and eventually got on the car.
	As soon as she got on the car, she smelled a strong odor of alcohol.
	She dazed slightly and asked subconsciously.
	“Drunk?"
Chapter 12 Future Mrs. Mccarthy
	Archie turned around and his gaze finally landed on her face.
	The little woman in a beige coat still wore her clean and fresh look, with a hint of sadness in the depths of eyes that hadn’t faded away, which was caught by Archie's sharp gaze.
	His eyes deepened and didn't say anything, only nodded slightly.
	"Well, I drank a little."
	Natalia forced a smile.
	Men were really good at lying. With such strong smell of alcohol, how could he drink just a little?
	Clearly he had drunk a lot!
	But his thing was none of her business, she pursed her lips and stopped talking.
	Brian turned around and asked her with a smile, "Miss Natalia, where do you live?"
	Natalia gave an address for Brian to enter into the navigation before starting the car.
	Inside the car was total silence. Natalia crossed her fingers, lying them on her lap, and her head tilted out of the window.
	Perhaps it was because the aura of the man beside her was too powerful, Natalia felt a bit restrained, and her entire spine was tensed up.
	Archie looked at her nervous look and silently curled his lips.
	"Did you just come out of the Dawsons?"
	Natalia froze and responded, "Oh, yeah."
	"As far as I know, you don't usually return, what suddenly brings you here?"
	As the woman who had slept with the big boss, Natalia didn't expect him to investigate her, so it wasn't a surprise that he knew about her situation.
	She hesitated, not directly answering him.
	"It's because of some private things...anyway, I need to come back."
	"Private things?"
	Archie raised his eyebrows, a handsome face tinged with some smirking meaning at night, his fingers resting on the car window slightly tapped.
	"Well, I think I have the right to know your private affairs considering our relationship as a legally married couple."
	He said this with a smile, and if it had been anyone else, she would think that he was joking.
	But Natalia knew that he wasn't joking.
	Despite the smile on the corner of his mouth, the look in his eyes was serious, as if he was warning her to give an honest account of herself, otherwise, he would investigate things by himself.
	Natalia forced a smile, not daring to resist, and had to honestly tell him what happened.
	However, she anticipated what he would react.
	After all, she got married with him. When seeing his girl was bullied by others, maybe he would help her!
	Like immediately turning the car around and rushing back to Dawson's house to help her out or something!
	However-
	"So, were you still feeling upset for him?"
	Natalia was startled
	Is your focus off the mark?
	She laughed awkwardly, "No, I'm not upset!
	Who said that?"
	Archie forced a mocking smile.
	Natalia pursed her lips, feeling a bit guilty.
	Her eyes drifted for a moment before she finally lowered her voice and cooed.
	"I am just unwilling to do that!
	Not to mention that she stole my boyfriend! I had to cooperate with their show, seeing them displaying affection. I am sick even thinking about it!"
	Archie looked at the depressed look in her eyes and pondered for a moment.
	"So what are you going to do?"
	He wasn't going to believe she'd actually be that obedient to be the stepping stone for them.
	Sure enough, the woman who was full of frustration one second ago immediately gave a sly expression.
	"Well...I have a brilliant plan. However, in case you blab it, I won't tell you."
	Archie hooked his lips and stopped asking.
	"Good, then I'll wait to see your brilliant plan."
	The car soon arrived at Natalia's place.
	It was a small apartment located in the center of the city and was surrounded by a circle of planted greenery, Brian pulled the car over and Natalia got out, waving towards the man sitting in the back.
	"Mr. Mccarthy, thank you for driving me back, goodbye."
	Archie's hands that were tidying his sleeve paused. He looked at her and corrected, "You should change the way you call me, Mrs. Mccarthy."
	Natalia froze, her face suddenly flushed.
	She glanced that Brian, who were sitting at the driver's seat, smiling in a teasing way. She glaced at him.
	Then, she answered earnestly:
	"Didn't you say you give me three days to think through?
	I still have time!
	What's the rush?"
	Archie thought about it.
	He had always been a faithful man and would never lie. Anyway, one day had already passed, and only two days left, so he shouldn’t be anxious.
	Thinking of this, his eyes tinged with a layer of shallow smile as he looked at her and waved his hands, "Good, then goodbye, my future Mrs. Mccarthy."
	……
	The black Rolls Royce drove out of sight, and Natalia withdrew her gaze, heading for her apartment.
	When she opened the door, she received a call from her assistant Howard, saying that she had just received an email from Mr. Miller. He told her that the company had an urgent meeting tomorrow morning, and all the senior management had to attend, and he reminded her to pay attention not to be late.
	Natalia answered, and after hanging up the phone, she clicked on his email, and sure enough, she saw a group email from Shawn.
	Selling sex toys was just her sideline, her main job was the PR manager of an entertainment company under the Miller Group.
	This company was the first property that Charlie handed over to Shawn. The company was in a bad situation at that time, and Charlie handed this company over to him to as a test.
	During that time, Shawn was so busy that Natalia knew about it and helped him handle a few cases perfectly, which impressed him.
	After returning home, with the sincere begging of him, she took over the PR department of this company.
	Since then, the agency, called Windward Entertainment, hardly ever had any major problems.
	Even in today's increasingly competitive industry environment, it made good profits, and in just two years, it had rapidly developed from a small company that was about to go bankrupt to a large media company that has no rival other than Annita International.
	She was not a genius and had never been in this field before. Besides her talent, she had worked hard day and night to make such achievements.
	And all these were simply because this was Shawn's company.
	Shawn, on the other hand, did not disclose their relationship.
	She didn't think much about it at the time, just assumed he didn't want their relationship to interfere their work, so she continued to support him and didn't say anything in front of others.
	Hence, except her best friend Victoria, no one knew that she worked for the Miller Group.
	After thinking through what happened, he simply wanted to give himself a way to regret by not making their relationship public.
	Whether a man loved her or not could be evidently seen from such details.
	Thinking of this, Natalia coldly curled her lips.
	She took her phone and sent a message to Charlie, then tossed the phone aside and went into the bathroom.
	By the time she finished washing up and came out, she had received a reply from Charlie.
	"I've got what you want, so come over tomorrow morning at ten o'clock for the signature, and it will take effect immediately afterwards."
	Her long, slender fingers fluttered across the screen as she replied.
	"Good, thanks a lot Uncle Miller."
Chapter 13 Signing with Windward
	The next day, Natalia arrived at the office early in the morning.
	She felt there was something wrong as soon as she entered the office.
	Everyone was whispering about something, and when they saw her enter, their faces changed slightly, and they all shut up immediately, giving her an odd glance.
	Natalia's eyebrows sank as she entered her office without looking at them.
	As soon as she sat down, she pressed the intercom to call Howard.
	Howard came in and behaved with reserve, looking at her sympathetically.
	Natalia felt his behaviour was a bit funny, leaning back in her chair and looking at him critically, "What's going on?
	It's only been two days since we met and you're looking at me like that?"
	Howard smiled awkwardly and said akwardly.
	"Natalia, have you...... received anything in advance today?"
	Natalia raised her eyebrow, picked up the cup on the table and got up to get herself a glass of water, drinking it as she casually replied.
	"No!
	What’s the matter?”
	"Uh... nothing serious, it's just that I heard there's a new employee coming into our company today, and it seems that she belongs to PR department."
	“Really?”
	Every one got the message?"
	"I heard about it from the gossips of the HR department, the guy who came is a senior in the PR industry. She seems to be quite experienced and has done cases for many A-list stars."
	She paused for a second and hesitantly looked at Natalia, with a hint of embarrassment in her eyes.
	"Miss Natalia, what exactly do you think Mr. Miller means by hiring such a person...?"
	Everyone in the company knew that Glory Group's PR department was now run by Natalia and they also knew well that Natalia's background. But Natalia always remained a low-key attitude towards this issue and didn’t discuss anything except business.
	But no matter what background she had, she was only in her twenties and didn’t have so much experience as that woman.
	In the PR industry which ranked their grades according to experience, who would believe that Shawn had hired such a great to serve as Natalia's henchman?
	If not as a henchman, then...
	Natalia finally understood why everyone looked at in a strange way today.
	She averted her eyes, hiding her emotions, and smiled lightly.
	"I got it, you can leave now!"
	Seeing her calm expression, although worried, Howard knew that it was not his turn to speak, so he just left in a worried look.
	After Howard left, Natalia pondered for a moment, then smiled kindly.
	Gathering her belongings briefly, she took out the envelope she prepared earlier from her bag and headed for the conference room.
	9: 00 AM.
	The meeting room was already filled with executives of the Glory Group.
	When they saw her enter, everyone greeted her, both genuinely and falsely.
	After all, the courage she had shown in the past two years, impressed most of people, but there were still a small part that felt she was simply a young girl, she was a little unqualified for such an important position.
	Natalia had no time to think about what these people were thinking, and walked to her seat and sat down.
	Just then, the door of the conference room opened again, and when he raised his eyes, he saw Shawn walking in with a group of people.
	Natalia's pupils shrank and her face went cold.
	Following behind Shawn, besides his two secretaries, were Jessica and her agent Julia.
	Everyone in the entertainment industry knew that Julia became famous as a PR professional. In the last generation, more than half of the A-list stars were promoted by her, which was a great achievement.
	However, later she transformed to be an agent, not knowing whether the entertainment industry changed too quickly or because of other elements, the stars she took charge of were always not that well-known. Now the most famous star she was in charged was only Jessica.
	So the bigwig Shawn hired was her?
	Natalia curled his lips with mockery.
	The rest of the executives were a bit confused when they saw Jessica and Julia.
	Jessica was naturally known to everyone, an A-list star in the entertainment industry, and although she only started her career for four years, her popularity always remained high.
	It was said that she was the daughter of the Dawson family. With the powerful background, although she was currently not signed to any agency, she had already set up her own studio. As long as she was willing to spend money, she was never short of resources.
	The other one, Julia, remained unknown to some of them.
	After all, it had been a decade since Julia was at the peak of her career.
	The entertainment industry was changing rapidly, and most of the people in the room having no more than eight years of seniority, and only a few having more than ten years of seniority.
	Therefore, it was only those minorities with more than ten years of seniority could realize what was going to happen today when they saw Julia and associated it with rumors in the office.
	And they all looked at Natalia sympathetically.
	Anyone could see that Natalia was really carefully managing the company.
	Two years ago, she came during the company's most difficult time and did her utmost to save a desperate situation, keeping the last valuable artists for the company.
	In the past two years, she worked conscientiously, and was the one who handled most cases. Whenever anything happened to any artist, Natalia was always there to take care of them!
	Anyone would feel sorry for her if she was fired after the situation of the company got better.
	However, if there is discontent, there is gloating.
	The few people who didn't get along well with Natalia immediately went up to greet Julia and Jessica with smiling faces, with such sentences as "I'm looking forward to seeing you", "Finally, I meet you today" and all sorts of greetings.
	Jessica responded them one by one, gentle and generous, only when looking at Natalia, a hint of smugness unconsciously flowed from the depths of her eyes.
	Natalia lowered her eyes and pretended to see nothing.
	She looked at the watch on her hand with an expressionless face, and after a while, she finally heard Shawn coughed.
	"Okay, time's up, let's start the meeting!"
	It was then everyone sat back to their seats.
	Shawn glanced at Natalia, a hint of complexity flashing through his gaze.
	But in the end, he hid his guilt and said in a deep voice.
	"Let me introduce them to you, this is Jessica, I think everyone present must know her."
	The crowd followed and agreed, "Yes, yes, Miss Jessica is so famous now, who wouldn't know her?"
	"I've always seen her on TV and never meet her in real life. Well, she's much prettier than she's on TV."
	"No wonder she is the most popular star at present!"
	The crowd slithered, and Shawn nodded with satisfaction.
	"I've called you all here today to make two announcements.
	First, from today, Jessica will sign with Glory Group and become an important employee of us."
	The crowd was stunned at first, followed by thunderous applause.
	"Well, is that true?
	That would be great!"
	"Miss Jessica has already been well-known. As a member of the Glory Group, I believe we will all make progress and benefit each other!"
Chapter 14 She Quit
	She was an A-list star, with popularity and a decent business ability, she could bring money to every company she was in.
	Hence, everyone was happy that such a female star was willing to sign with Glory Group.
	Shawn was obviously satisfied with this effect, and after a while he slightly raised his hands, interrupting their excited voices.
	"One more thing, the lady sitting next to me is called Julia, most of the people here may not know her, but for people who have been in the industry for more than 10 years, I think you should have heard of her.
	I bring her here today because she will be our new PR manager and lead our PR department in the future to make progress!
	To make our company better and stronger!"
	The room remained silence after he finished his speech.
	Everyone seemed to be a bit unprepared, and it took several seconds before a few sparse applause.
	Then, everyone turned to look at Natalia.
	There were sympathy and regrets in those glances, as if they had finally confirmed this morning's rumor.
	Also, there were people who didn't know Julia's background, and after inquiring it to their colleagues, their gaze became somewhat complicated when looking at Natalia.
	After all, although Natalia's ability was great, considering Julia's qualifications, her ability wouldn't be inferior to hers. Since Mr. Miller had already hired her, they couldn't say anything.
	However, there were still one or two who would stand for Natalia, after seeing this, they indignantly stood up and objected.
	"I don't agree!"
	"I don't agree either!
	As we all know, Natalia is our PR manager, she has been doing a good job, lending a helping hand to our company at our most critical time, leading the PR department to this day, with great credits, isn't it too hasty for Mr. Miller to fire her!"
	"Yes!
	Miss Natalia didn't do anything wrong, so if Mr. Miller wants to replace her, you must give us a reason, right?
	And although this senior Julia used to be a very famous PR, I heard that she hadn't dealt with any cases for ten years, and I wonder if she's still capable now?
	If she isn't, won't it be a waste of time?"
	The challenges instantly stirred up a thousand waves like a stone being cast into the lake, causing the rest of the employees to stand up for her.
	“Yeah, although Julia was prestigeous, it has been ten years since her peak time.”
	“The popular artists in the entertainment industry have changed several times, is it okay for her to continue to be a publicist now?”
	With doubtful stares from the crowd, Shawn frowned slightly.
	As he was about to speak, someone suddenly tugged at his sleeve.
	Jessica gave him a hint, and Shawn pursed his lips, then he saw Julia smiling slightly and stepping forward to address the public.
	"It is a misunderstanding!"
	She gazed around the crowd and finally landed her gaze on Natalia.
	"Mr. Miller didn't mean to replace Miss Dawson by inviting me, Miss Dawson has worked hard as a stabilizer in Glory Group, how could Mr. Miller make such a decision to break everyone's heart?"
	Hearing this, the crowd couldn't help wondering.
	"Then what did Mr. Miller mean by his words?"
	Julia smiled and calmly said.
	"As we all know, Glory Group is no longer the small, insignificant company as it was two years ago. Today, apart from Annita International, we hardly have any competitors.
	In other words, now we have no other enemy except the Annita International, and I think anyone knows how powerful the Annita International is.
	It takes more than expert business skills and responsiveness to beat a company like this, as it takes a deep understanding of the industry and a wide range of contacts.
	These two things, however, happened to be what Miss Dawson lacked the most. After all, she only had two years of experience.
	That's why Mr. Miller asked me to come over, but he just wants me to help Miss Dawson to manage the PR department, and to fill in the gaps in the industry information part as well as the networking part, that's all."
	Everyone knew what Mr. Miller meant by her speech.
	That's why.
	It couldn't be denied that what Julia said was true.
	Today, personal skill was actually not that important compared to financial strength, strong networking and deep understanding of the industry.
	One must be well prepared for the future, and it was true that one could only develop these abilities by accumulating enough experience and being in the industry for a long time.
	Everyone seemed to understand, and only one person raised a question.
	"Then what position Miss Dawson will hold since Julia will be the manager of the PR department?"
	The crowd looked at Natalia.
	Shawn looked at her, and after two seconds of silence, he said in a deep voice.
	"Natalia will be the assistant manager!
	First, I'll learn from my senior, and then I'll upgrade her later when I have the chance."
	The crowd was startled
	It's not uncommon to make mistakes and get demoted.
	It's really... pretty humiliated to take credit for being demoted!
	Natalia finally showed a sneer.
	Under everyone's gaze, she calmly stood up and propped her hands on the table to look at Shawn, who was sitting in the main seat.
	"Mr. Miller, you said I'm flawed in the industry depth as well as networking, do you have any evidence or specific cases to illustrate that?"
	Shawn was in a daze.
	It had to say that every case that Natalia handled was done well, and... there was no evidence to show that point.
	Natalia's clear, cold eyes stared at her and sneered.
	"Since it doesn't, what makes you think that I will definitely lose to Julia in these two aspects?"
	Shawn didn’t answer her question.
	Natalia smiled coldly as she watched his stumbling look.
	She stayed up late to read materials and learn case studies to understand the industry in the past two years.
	In order to pull in contacts for the Glory Group, she, who had never liked to entertain, had attended many drinking parties.
	There were many times that she directly vomited on the table in order to bring more resources to Glory Group.
	There were many times when she worked overtime until midnight and returned home exhausted, only to be revived by a call from the brokerage department.
	It was said that when something happens to a star from the Glory Group, it is always the fastest to resolve it.
	But no one ever understood how much hard work and sweat was behind this.
	He couldn't see it, or, he deliberately avoided to see it.
	Now he even demoted her because of her qualification.
	Natalia felt really funny and had never felt so despaired.
	Even though she was ready to resign, she didn't expect Shawn to do such a shameless thing to her.
	Shawn was speechless for a long time, then he said in a deep voice.
	"Natalia, this is a chance for you to learn, be humble and in the future..."
	"There isn’t a future!"
	She sneered and suddenly pulled her resignation letter from her book, "Snap."
	The letter was thrown in front of him.
	"Isn't this what you want?
	I agree!
	I also don't want to be in this company to be bullied by you. You can invite anyone to take charge of the PR department. I am going to quit this job!"
Chapter 15 Setting up her own business
	"Miss Dawson!"
	"Natalia, you... don't be impulsive!"
	"Miss Dawson, Mr. Miller doesn't mean that!"
	As soon as Natalia finished her speech, all of Glory Group's senior executives changed their faces.
	They all started to persuade her.
	After all, they were only jealous and discontent when seeing her being as a manager at such a young age, especially when achieved all these by her own efforts.
	But nobody expected she really asked to leave.
	After all, she got a great talent, and in the past two years, it was because of Natalia that the PR department was able to get better and better.
	The stronger the PR department was, the less job the artist department and the brokerage department would do.
	Especially the brokerage department, the thing that they feared most was something went wrong with the artists they took charge of. And once something really happened, they could turn to Natalia for help because she could handle it perfectly, and sometimes, bringing a good consequence to the artists.
	But now, she was going to resign!
	Not to mention what the other two departments would turn to after she left, Julia, although she was famous, they never cooperated with them, and they didn’t know enough about her.
	What if she was not as good as Natalia?
	Everyone panicked at once, and Shawn's face darkened.
	“Natalia,
	Stop making jokes!
	This is not something to make joke of!"
	Natalia sneered, "I'm joking?
	It was Mr. Miller who wanted to propose a resignation by myself in order to prove that you were not that ruthless.
	I've been so cooperative, what else do you want?"
	Shawn's face was as black as the bottom of a pot.
	"I told you, I'm not trying to force you to resign!
	Julia is more qualified than you, and the position of PR manager should be hers."
	Natalia shrugged indifferently.
	"It can be anyone!
	Actually, I'll quit even if you don't bring her today!
	Mr. Miller, I wish Glory Group to become better and better, and make further progress!"
	After saying that, she sneered, dashingly closed the book in her hand, and then walked out without looking back.
	With the sound of “CLANG”,
	the door of the conference room was shut down.
	It was as if the office still held the residue of the woman's legacy, cold and overwhelming.
	Shawn clenched his teeth and hands.
	He had expected the consequence before he brought Jessica and Julia today.
	He just didn't expect she left so decisively.
	Looking at resignation letter in his hand, Shawn's eyes were cold, but after a moment, the sense of pleasure vaguely rose from his heart.
	In the past two years, although Natalia worked really hard for the company, her words were more powerful than his.
	She was the manager of the PR department, however, she always discussed with him privately about the future plans of the company and its current situation.
	He got really annoyed sometimes, the kind of annoyance was not because she was wrong, but because she was right about everything!
	He didn't want to feel that he was actually inferior to a woman when it came to run a company.
	Yeah, it was better that she left.
	At least in the future he wouldn't feel that he had to rely on a woman to make Glory Group get such an achievement.
	After a long time, Shawn's face gradually eased.
	The assistant beside asked him in a low voice.
	"Mr. Miller, what should we do now?"
	He took a deep breath and turned to all the executives.
	"Since Miss Dawson insists on leaving, none of us can retain her. From now on, the PR department will be managed by Julia, and she will also be Jessica’s agent. Lisa, take Julia to go through the procedures."
	The senior members looked at each other surprisingly and no one dared to say anything anymore.
	Natalia left the conference room and went straight to her office.
	At this time, Glory Group's executives were still in the conference room, so there were only ordinary employees in the office.
	When Howard saw her walking out with a cold face, he felt there was something wrong and hurriedly followed her.
	"Miss Dawson, did Mr. Miller really announce that he's going to let that Julia manage our PR department?
	So you're leaving?"
	Natalia stepped into the office and let him close the door before nodding.
	"Well, you guys have to let her take charge from now on, I don't know what her character is, but her ability is great. Maybe a decade ago it would take you a large sum of money to probably be her assistant, so seize this chance and do a good job!"
	Howard sniffed, almost crying out when hearing this.
	"Then what about you?"
	“I...”
	Natalia raised her eyes and smiled, "Of course I can go to somewhere else. Glory Group is not the only entertainment company in the world?"
	"Miss Dawson, are you going to another company?"
	Natalia narrowed her eyes and smiled.
	"Well... I'm not going to be the employee of any company, instead of being an employee, I'll start my own business, don't you think so?"
	Howard was shocked.
	Natalia patted his shoulders and smiled, "Just work hard, and we can gather around when we're available."
	She had already gathered her belongings, taking her coat off the rack and sliding it over her arm to leave.
	Suddenly, Howard ran over to stop her.
	"Miss Dawson, are you going to start your own company?"
	Natalia held out a finger,
	and made a "Quiet" posture.
	"Don't tell anyone. If we hush up before doing anything, it is hard for it to be successful. Stop getting me troubles."
	He looked at her and nodded heavily.
	"I know, Miss Dawson, when you open your company, you'll definitely hire people, right?
	Then I will come over and work for you!"
	Natalia froze, a little surprised.
	Honestly, because of her cold character, she didn't have any henchman in the company.
	Howard was loyal to her, but it was only because she was a rookie, who had just graduated from college.
	So she didn't anticipate that he would make such a request.
	She looked into his sincere eyes and smiled.
	"Running a new company will be tough, a hundred times tougher than at Glory Group, aren't you afraid?"
	He shook his head firmly.
	"I'm not."
	After a pause, she whispered.
	"Miss Dawson, although you aren't getting close to everyone, I can tell that you are a good person. And you always help others when they meet difficulties. I think I can learn something from you even if there will be hardships.
	But that Julia is different, I heard this morning that she is selfish and mean, and likes to squeeze the staff. The credit is all hers, but the hard work is for others. I am not willing to work with such a boss."
	Natalia looked at her face and smiled.
	"That's fine, but it still takes time for a new company to start. I'll call you if you're willing to do the job later."
	He immediately broke into a smile.
	“Deal.”
	"Well, deal."
Chapter 16 Happy Breakup
	Natalia left the Glory Group.
	When she left, there were a few who came to see her off, but most of them did this out of respect.
	After all, although she left her job, she wasn't leaving the industry, and they might meet her again in the future.
	Having a friend is better than having an enemy!
	Natalia didn’t blame them. When she reached the parking lot, after putting her stuff in the car, she drove directly towards the Miller Group.
	Charlie was an honest man and had already prepared the transferring documents of the companies and cheque.
	When Natalia arrived at the Miller Group, Charlie was in a meeting, and it was Chandler who received her.
	Three subsidiary companies, two of them liquidated as she had requested last night, leaving only one.
	Natalia readily signed the document and handed him her marriage arrangement paper.
	The marriage arrangement paper was signed by the Miller family when her mother was still alive, in a softly and forcefully way.
	At that time, she and Shawn had just been together for a short time, and they were too young to engage with each other, so it was done in the traditional way.
	Half a month after signing the marriage arrangment paper, her mother died unexpectedly.
	Now Natalia wondered that maybe her mother had anticipated the crash and that was why she made the arrangements before she left.
	It was a pity that her mother's wish didn't come true, now she lost not only her family, but also her fiancee.
	Thinking about it, Natalia smiled to herself.
	After all the formalities were handed over, the meeting Charlie was in was not over yet.
	Chandler asked her if she wanted to sit down and wait for a while to greet the chairman before leaving, but Natalia politely declined him.
	She had already gotten what she wanted, and there was no need for her to meet anyone in the Miller family.
	After leaving the Miller Group, it was still early.
	Natalia went around the store again, and the clerk had returned to work and stood up happily behind her desk when she saw her.
	"Sister Natalia, our business is good today! We have dozens of orders within half a day."
	Natalia smiled and encouraged her, "Good job, keep up!"
	The shop assistant, Charlotte, was a young girl of eighteen or nineteen years old. After receiving her encouragement, her exited face flushed with joys.
	Natalia picked up a white A4 sheet from her bag and posted it on the window.
	Charlotte came over to look curiously and was startled when he saw that Natalia was going to transfer this store.
	"Sister Natalia, are you really going to transfer this store?
	Will you stop running it?"
	Natalia nodded.
	"Well, not anymore, but you can keep working here, I'll talk to the new boss."
	Charlotte's face changed slightly.
	In fact, Natalia had no choice but to make this decision.
	If she wanted to start her own agency, she would definitely devote all her time to it, and she was afraid that she wouldn't have time to run this store.
	And even if the store was doing well, she had to transfer it considering her needs.
	After posting the transfer notice, Natalia chatted with Charlotte for a while before leaving.
	She got nothing to do this afternoon, so she asked Victoria to go shopping together.
	Victoria, the number one beauty in the entertainment industry today, was once named by a media magazine as "a rare beauty of our time".
	She was also the daughter of the chairman of the Topsun Group, and was Natalia's high school classmate. They were very close friends.
	As soon as they met, Victoria asked and sighed twice.
	"Well, sister, as soon as I heard that you were dumped by a man, I rushed over to comfort you, but look at you, you are not sad at all!"
	Natalia was a bit surprised.
	“How do you know that?”
	"Well, the whole world knows that. And it’s hard for me to ignore this!"
	Victoria handed her an invitation of the birthday party, and Natalia flipped it to see that it was a joint name from Jessica and Shawn.
	She was speechless.
	Victoria smirked and said.
	"Just tell me!
	When did you crash into this bitch's adulterous affair?"
	"A few days ago!"
	Natalia looked at her gloating look and was a bit depressed, "Well, why are you so happy that I've been dumped by someone?"
	"Of course I'm glad you've been dumped!
	Shawn is simply a dreg in society! It is good to break up with this kind of person, saving you from the foolishness for the past years."
	Natalia silenced.
	...
	Victoria always disliked Shawn, and she had known this for a long time.
	When she first found out they were together, she had advised her a few times, but she was enthusiastically in love and wouldn’t believe.
	Now it seemed that what she said was true.
	Natalia smiled sardonically and didn't say anything.
	They went shopping at a nearby mall.
	Just then, a black Rolls Royce passed by, and Brian caught a glimpse of the two women who were walking inside the mall and said in surprise.
	"Well?
	Isn't that Miss Natalia?"
	Archie lifted his gaze, which was resting on the documents, to the direction where Brian was pointing, and paused slightly.
	"Stop the car!"
	...
	Natalia and Victoria was wandering around for a long time and finally entered a women's fashion store.
	It was a luxury store with an elegant interior and a clean, luxurious smell in a light, cool palette.
	Victoria had ordered a long dress earlier and came over to pick it up today.
	The shop assistant knew her, and after greeting her, she took her to the VIP room on the second floor to try the dress, so that they could modify it if it didn’t fit.
	Victoria greeted Natalia before she left, "Natalia, just wait for me for a while, I'll come down after trying."
	Natalia nodded.
	After Victoria went up, she was bored waiting and simply wandering around the store.
	It was Monday and there weren't many customers in the store. The sales assistant were burying in conversation or playing with their phones, and no one came to serve her.
	Natalia didn't care, and after browsing, she saw a dark blue dress hanging in the window with a nice style, a bit like a certain French designer's work she'd seen in a magazine before.
	She had always liked that designer and was kind of a big fan of him, so she couldn't resist reaching out her hands and touching it.
	"Hello!
	It's okay to look but don't touch it, you can't afford it if you break it."
	A woman's voice suddenly came behind her.
	Natalia froze and turned around to see a young sales assistant standing there, glancing at her with displeasure and disgust.
	She frowned slightly.
	"Don't you hang your clothes out for your customers to try on?
	How come I can't touch it?"
	The sales assistant sneered, "It's okay for the others to touch, but not you."
	"Why?"
	The sales assistant rolled her eyes, seemingly annoyed with her for making a fool of herself.
	"Do you know how much this dress cost?
	And how much you can earn as an assistant?
	Your salary in a year wouldn't be enough to buy it, do you know?"
	She came up and snatched the fabric out of her hand, then pushed the rack full of dresses to the other side when saying this.
	Then she grumbled, "I am tired of you hanging around and don’t buy anything, so what's the point of shopping if you can't afford it?
	it was so annoying!"
	……
	She was exasperated.
	It wasn't the first time she had been out shopping with Victoria, but it was the first time that she was treated as her assistant.
Chapter 17 Don't Sell it to Her
	“Assistant”
	Natalia
	got stubborn and sneered when she raised her arms, "What if I insist to try today?"
	The sales assistant frowned as the person next to her heard the noise and came over.
	“What’s wrong?”
	The sales assistant whispered a couple to her colleague, and they instantly squeezed out a false smile.
	"This lady, this dress is newly released, and costs 88,800, are you sure you want to buy it?"
	Natalia sneered, "You asked whether the customer will buy it before she tries it on, your shop is really good at entertaining customers!"
	"I'm really sorry, we are also trying to protect the interests of other customers. After all, the clothes in our store are very expensive, if everyone tries them on without buying them, won't the clothes be the second hand bargains?
	Do you think so?"
	The sales assistant smiled, but her eyes were full of mockery and sarcasm.
	Natalia thought that today must be her bad day, how could she come across with such a stupid guy?
	That's right, Miss Natalia, who had always been well-educated, now just wanted to curse and said dirty words!
	She found a check from her bag and slapped it on the counter.
	"Can I try it now?"
	The clerk glanced at it, startled.
	The check, excluding the first few numbers, was followed by several zeros, and without counting, the sales assistants knew it was at least a million.
	Their look immediately became different and hastily smiled ingratiatingly.
	"Sure, hold on, I'll take it down."
	Natalia grunted coldly, and for the sake of the designer she liked so much, she didn't want to bother with them anymore. She grabbed the dress and went into the fitting room.
	The dress fit her well. No wonder it was the design of her favourite designer Alex. The dark blue's gradient was both understated and luxurious, and she couldn't find any fault from its workmanship or its design.
	When she wore the dress and went out, the sales assistants were surprised.
	They thought she was Victoria's assistant because she followed her quietly and wore casual clothes.
	But no one felt that way now.
	After all, the woman in front of them would never be an assistant, whether from her figure or her look, or even that cold and flamboyant aura.
	The sales assistant who had received her earlier came up excitedly, "Miss, you look so gorgeous in this dress, there are so many people here, I haven't seen anyone looks as good as you when wearing it!"
	The others agreed with her.
	Not to be patronizing, but the truth.
	Natalia curled her lips and smiled. After changing back to her clothers, she graciously put the dress down on the counter.
	“I will take it."
	The sales assistant was happy, thinking that she would hold a grudge and refuse to pay the bill because of what they said earlier, but now it seemed that they were completely over-worried.
	Just then, however, a young man and woman walked in from outside.
	"Well, isn't this Miss Natalia?"
	Natalia turned back, and then her face darkened.
	It was really her bad day.
	She didn't want to bother, turning back to the clerk and telling her.
	"Carefully wrap it and check for any flaws by the way."
	“Sure”
	The sales assistant happily held the dress and was about to pack it when she was stopped by someone.
	Katie glanced at the tag on her dress and laughed.
	"Well, you just got a fortune from my brother, and now you're acting like a billionaire!
	A dress with over eighty thousand dollars, Natalia, do you deserve to wear it?"
	Natalia lowered her eyes coldly, ''It's not your turn to interfere my business!
	Get away!
	"Well, why are you so angry?
	Don't worry, I'm not here to ask for money. Our family doesn't care about such a small fortune, considering it as the payment for the years you slept with my brother.
	After all, six years, more than 2,000 days and nights, is not expensive at all. A prostitute on the street will cost one or two thousand a night!
	Freddie, don't you think so?"
	Katie hid her lips and laughed.
	Beside her was Freddie, a third-tier actor, who had acted a few dramas with Natalia's help. However, because he didn’t become famous for a long time, the company stopped providing him with more resources.
	Why would he be with Katie?
	Freddie was full of embarrassment, and didn't know whether to reply her or not.
	Natalia sneered.
	"Katie, go back and ask your brother whether we had sex in the past few years."
	Katie raised her eyebrow.
	She was old enough to know the things happen between men and women
	In her perception, it was impossible not to have sex after falling in love for so many years.
	After all, it was the 21th century and her brother was young and energetic.
	Then she sneered.
	"Just keep pretending!
	My brother is not stupid, although you are annoying, you are still good looking, will he let go off the meat that is delivered to his mouth?"
	Natalia also laughed, shaking his head regretfully.
	"You're right, your brother isn't stupid and I'm not ugly, so... why do you think he won't touch me?"
	When she finished, she even tilted her head slightly and stared at her with amusement.
	Katie's heart got inexplicably apprehensive by her stare.
	She didn’t know what made her apprehensive, it was just an uneasy feeling, like she was hiding some secrets from her.
	Her face changed slightly.
	"What do you mean?"
	Natalia smirked and said.
	“Nothing. Although I am bad-tempered, I have a good personality and doesn't like to say mean words behind the others, so ask him by yourself if you're curious!
	After all, if something really goes wrong within you family, it's a big deal for the future bloodline of the Millers!
	Uncle Miller is such a traditional person, he would be very sad if he knew the truth."
	Katie's face changed completely.
	“Natalia,
	You words are bullshit!
	My brother is not like what you said."
	Natalia shrugged, "Consider it as bullshit!"
	She said, turning around and holding out her card for the sales assistant.
	But Katie stopped her.
	"Wait!"
	Natalia frowned.
	The person she hated the most was the annoying one who wouldn't let her leave, just as Katie.
	"What else do you want?"
	Katie snatched the dress out of the sales assistant's hand and said brutally.
	"I'll take this dress, don't sell it to her!"
	Natalia was teased by her.
	"Katie, are you a child?
	Do you think you own the mall?
	Why are you so brutal?"
	Katie lifted her chin, "You're right, our family owns this mall, and if we say we won't sell it to you, then we won't sell it to you!"
	She turned to look at the sales assistant.
	"I'm the daughter of the Millers. Do you know about the Miller Family!"
	The sales assistant blushed and nodded hastily, "Yes, of course I know, it is one of the shareholders of the mall."
	Katie raised her eyebrows and looked at Natalia in triumph.
	Natalia silenced.
	...
	Just then, a cold voice suddenly came outside the door.
	"I haven't heard that a small shareholder can make decision for a guest."
	The crowd froze and found a young man walking in with a few people.
	Natalia was shocked.
Chapter 18 Shopping with him
	Brian?
	Why was he here?
	Natalia instantly tensed up and glanced behind Brian, but couldn't find him.
	Katie did not know him and frowned unpleasantly, saying
	"Who are you?"
	Although the sales assistant didn't know him, he knew the mall manager behind him and hastily tugged on Jessica's sleeve gently and whispered something.
	Brian sneered and commanded directly to the person behind him.
	"The Mccarthy always has a rule that we won’t bully any customer even if it runs a large business. How dare you as a shareholder be so arrogant and bully your customers in the mall? If we let you do this for a long time, it will definitely ruin the fame of the Mccarthy.
	Mr Jenson, take down Miss Miller's words today, and fling them back to Mr. Miller, not to say that we kicked them out in spite of the contract. From now on, let them not get involved in Time Square's business!"
	Mr Jenson trembled and hastily agreed.
	"Swish"
	Katie's face changed.
	"You're from the Mccarthy?"
	Brian sneered, "Miss Miller has finally figured out what's going on."
	"... Even if you're from the Mccarthy, you can't make random decisions
	"Just wait and see if I have the right to make a decision. I'm sure Chairman Miller will tell you his decision when he gets home tonight."
	After he finished, he didn't want to talk to Katie any more, and walked straight to Natalia, whispering.
	"Miss Natalia, Mr. Archie is waiting for you outside, see..."
	Natalia's face changed slightly and bit her lips.
	"My friend is still upstairs..."
	"I'll explain to her."
	Natalia looked up at him and eventually nodded.
	When she went out of the shop, she walked a dozen meters to her left and sure enough, she saw a man standing there.
	He was in a black suit with serious look, deep eyebrows, handsome and upright appearance, standing there and became a nature scenery.
	Seeing her, he waved his hands toward her.
	Natalia walked over and stood still in a step away from him, forcing a smile.
	"Mr. Mccarthy, what a coincidence!
	You're shopping too?"
	Archie tugged his lips and raised his hand to pull her over.
	Natalia was shocked, and she stumbled, pulling by him into his arms.
	"What are you doing?"
	"Don't move."
	Archie reached out his hands to pick off the fragment on her hair, his move wasgentle and natural.
	Natalia stunned, and her face flushed involuntarily.
	She stepped backwards, lifting a hand to tuck a stray of hair behind her ear, inexplicably afraid to look at him in the eyes.
	"Well... thank you for sending Brian to help me out."
	Archie smiled and said in a light voice.
	"I happened to pass by and noticed someone arguing in the store, and I heard it sounded like you. It turned out to be true, so I have to say we're really destined to run into each other, even when we're shopping."
	……
	She looked up at him curiously.
	"Shouldn't you be working in the company this time?
	How come you go shopping?"
	The man lied without changing his face, "I'm off today."
	"Ok!"
	Although Natalia was a little confused about why Archie would be off on Mondays, she figured that people who were bosses would set their schedule by themselves, so she didn't ask further.
	She glanced around, not seeing anyone else, and asked.
	"Are you shopping alone?"
	Archie nodded.
	"Wouldn't that be boring?"
	"A little bit, so can you accompany me later?"
	Natalia froze.
	That's a tough question... to answer!
	She forced a smile and politely declined him, "I'm here with my friend, it's not very convenient!"
	Archie thought for a moment and nodded, "Indeed."
	He suddenly put out a black gilded card from his pocket and placed it in her hand.
	"Then take this."
	Natalia was stunned.
	If she was not mistaken, this card should be the VIP card of the Mccarthy's shopping mall, it contained a large sum of money, and it was the symbol of identity.
	It can be said that by holding this card, it was acknowledged that you were from the Mccarthy family, and no one dared to look down on you wherever you go in the future.
	She opened her mouth in surprise and looked at Archie.
	"You're giving this to me?
	Why?"
	Archie frowned, as if he didn't like this question.
	"Doesn't my wife deserve a black card?"
	Natalia silenced.
	...
	That…really made it hard for her to refuse this card.
	"I haven't agreed to..."
	"We already got the license."
	Archie interrupted her and added seriously, "The reason why I gave you three days is because I think you might have difficulty accepting the fact of our marriage, but that doesn't mean you can use it to deny our relationship, you should understand that."
	Natalia silenced.
	...
	The phone suddenly rang.
	She had to answer the phone first.
	The call was from Victoria.
	"Hello, Natalia, I heard that you have to leave because you have something urgent to handle.
	What's happening?"
	Natalia glanced at Archie.
	His face was full of innocence, and she could only blame this on Brian, saying
	"Nothing's wrong, I'll be right back, don't worry."
	"Never mind, I just got a call from my agent, there's a temporary notice. Maybe I have to get there later, let's meet again next time!"
	Natalia had no choice but to agree, and then hung up the phone.
	Archie was full of smiles.
	"Isn't your best friend coming today?"
	Natalia stared at him suspiciously, "Mr. Mccarthy, do you arrange this?"
	The man shook his head, "You think I arrange someone to make your friend leave just to go shopping with you?
	I am not that boring and don't know about your friend!"
	Natalia thought what he said was true.
	Well!
	She wouldn't blame him this time.
	Seeing that she finally eased, Archie smirked and said,
	"So Mrs. Mccarthy, do I have the pleasure to invite you to go shopping with me?"
	How can you refuse this considering his gentle attitude?
	Natalia curled up her mouth with a leathery smile, "What do you want to buy?"
	“Well... help me pick out some clothes!"
	...
	Natalia had never accompanied a man to buy clothes in her entire life.
	Shawn didn't even have that honor.
	But it had to be said that Archie had a good figure.
	Wide shoulders and narrow waist, slender, with a perfect figure in the golden ratio, and most importantly, handsome!
	Girls in the clothes shop were attracted by his appearance. They all flushed and held their faces, with an entranced look.
	Dear god!
	Where was this man come from!
	He's awesome!
	Mom, I wanted to marry him!
	Natalia sat there speechlessly as she nodded at every set of clothes Archie changed.
	Well, this one was good, and that one was good. It seemed every set of clothes looked good on him.
	After seeing so many clothes he changed, she realized that there was not a single clothes Archie couldn't fit in.
	Whatever the style, whatever the size, it matched him perfectly, handsome and dashing, elegant and reserved.
	In short, if this man went to be a model or entered the entertainment industry, he would be really popular by his appearance.
	She couldn't hele sighing.
	Well, he was already rich!
	Why was he still so handsome?
	It's a waste to be too good-looking and not depending on it to earn money!
	“Assistant”
	PR.
	agent Natalia
	began her fantasy again, picturing in her mind how popular Archie would be if she took charge of him, and he would surely be the most valuable star!
Chapter 19 Not lack of money
	They wandered from afternoon to evening.
	Natalia was hungry.
	Archie, to thank her for helping him "pick"
	clothes, specially inviting her for dinner.
	Natalia was already hungry, so she wouldn't be pretentious to refuse him, at seven in the evening, they went to the nearby Tao’s Restaurant for dinner.
	She ate ten of the newly released YC Lake hairy crabs quickly.
	The young man beside them looked straight at him and wondered how could such an elite and handsome looking dude starve his girlfriend like that?
	How many days had passed since her last meal?
	Natalia wouldn't mind her image when she was hungry.
	This was the skill she trained out after working for several years.
	Because most of the time she was busy, and under that situation, it was a luxury to eat on time, there was no time for her to mind her image.
	She just wanted to finish eating and went back to work.
	When she finished the tenth crab and wanted to grab for another, the plate holding the crab on the table was suddenly carried away.
	She looked up and stared at Archie, asking him blankly.
	"What are you doing?"
	Archie handed the plate to the waiter and said in a deep voice.
	"Having too much crab at once is bad for your health, just change to something else."
	Natalia pouted in dissatisfaction, but she knew what he said was true and could only let it go.
	But after looking at the other dishes on the table, she was full and didn't want to eat.
	Hence, she put down her cutlery.
	Seeing she put down her chopsticks, Archie stopped eating.
	After paying for their bill, they got up together and headed toward the door.
	The black Rolls Royce was parked at the roadside, and Brian got out of the car and respectfully opened the door for them.
	Natalia greeted him with a smile, "Brian, have you had your dinner yet?"
	Brian always felt that there was something sinister in that smile, and he hastily nodded with a compensating smile, "Yes."
	"Well, that's good."
	Natalia got on the car and whispered to Archie.
	"Mr. Mccarthy, how dare your assistant run out for dinner with your car and leave you at the restaurant, I think this is too rude."
	Brian suddenly stiffened and explained with a bitter look, “Sir, I didn't, I just ate at a nearby restaurant."
	Archie, however, nodded with a smile as if he couldn't hear what he said.
	"Well, it's a bit rude, and I'll punish him later."
	“Great!”
	Natalia's revenge was successful, while Brian had a bitter look on her face, and Archie dotingly stroked her head.
	The car started, and Archie suddenly took out a bag from the back and handed it to her.
	“For you."
	Natalia froze and took it over, it was actually the dress she tried in the store earlier.
	"Why did you take this out?"
	Archie smiled, "Don't you like it?
	Brian saw that you liked it, so he bought it."
	Natalia glanced at Brian.
	Receiving the hint from Archie, he hurriedly nodded his head.
	"Yes, yes, Miss Natalia, I bought it, I...I didn't mean anything by lying to your best friend, a great man does not bear pretty grudges, so don’t mind it!"
	Natalia looked at him for a moment, and then suddenly smiled.
	In fact, she was just teasing Brian, not expecting him to be so nervous.
	She nodded and pulled her phone out, "I'll transfer the money to you later."
	"Never mind."
	Brian hastily refused her. God knows his president paid the money, how dare he accept it?
	He smiled and explained.
	"That... actually I just came up with an idea, the decision is still made by the president, so if you want to pay the money, just give it to him!"
	Once finished, he shut up and never spoke again.
	Natalia looked at Archie in surprise, and Archie said in a light voice.
	"I'm not short of money."
	Natalia silenced.
	...
	Wouldn't she know he wasn't lack of money?
	Did she need him to tell her?
	Archie turned around and looked at her with a smile, "If you want to pay me, why don't you help me with something instead?"
	"What kind of thing?"
	Archie pulled a piece of paper from the pile of documents next to him.
	Natalia took a look at it. It was a case of a male artist who was very popular these days under Annita International.
	A male artist named Stephen Rogers, who ended up acting in a Qing Dynasty drama and became a big hit,
	with the title of “Prince from Qing Dynasty"
	But this "Prince from Qing Dynasty"
	fell into a scandal when his ex-girlfriend popped up and accused him of not only cheating and commiting domestic violence during their relationship, but also frauding her a large sum of money and never returned it.
	Cheating was already the news that would destroy him, not to mention frauding and domestic violence.
	Regardless of the truth of this thing, the news was bound to have an extremely negative impact on the artist.
	If it had been more serious, it could be said that this news would end his acting career and ruined his future.
	Natalia glanced at Archie, somewhat suspicious.
	"He's an artist under Annita International, doesn't anyone in your company do PR for him?"
	"We have, but it's not very effective, and there are too many artists in the company at the moment, so it is impossible to put all of our energy on him."
	Natalia frowned.
	"Then it shouldn't be your business to worry!
	Isn't it a waste of time for you, the president to worry about him?"
	Archie pursed his lips and paused.
	He continued after a moment.
	"He's my cousin."
	……
	...
	Because of this cousin, Natalia was fortunate to learn a bit about President Archie’s family history in advance.
	Surprisingly there was actually a Cinderella story.
	It was said that Archie's father was also a gentle, graceful and handsome young man.
	But instead of being with the girl arranged by his family, he fell in love with a girl from a poor family.
	The family objected, so he took the girl and eloped. When he came back again, their child was as tall as a man's thigh, and when his parents saw this, they couldn't force them to break up, but had to agree.
	That child was Archie.
	Stephen Rogers, on the other hand, was his mother's sibling's only child. Although the two families hadn't gotten along much over the years, they would still help each other when they got into troubles.
	Natalia was overjoyed to hear this.
	"I haven't expected that your father is quite capable, so he and your mother must have a happy life now!"
	Archie looked out of the window, his voice tinged with depression, ''I guess!
	If they are still alive."
	Natalia stalled for a moment.
	The smile froze at the corner of her mouth.
	It took several seconds before she responded, hastily gathering her composure and whispering.
	"I'm sorry, I didn't know..."
	“No problem.”
	Archie looked at her, "It's been too many years and I have already accepted what happened to them."
	Natalia didn't know what to say, and the atmosphere suddenly became awkward.
	She had to bring the conversation back to Stephen's case, "I can help you with that. I am available these days, but if you want me to help him, I have to meet him first."
	"OK"
	Archie nodded, ''The day after tomorrow!
	He's been aboard for a break recently, and I will tell him to book a flight tomorrow."
	“Great!”
	After their agreement, it didn't take long to arrive at the apartment where Natalia lived.
	She opened the door and got out of the car, turning back to wave goodbye to Archie.
	In the deep darkness of the night, she suddenly felt that the mild man sitting in the back of the car was somewhat lonely, like a lonely light in the long night, indescribable doleful.
	She felt her heart was suddenly stabbed by something, and her heartbeat raced a few notches.
	Archie smiled at her and hinted her to go upstairs, Natalia nodded and without much hesitation, turned around and walked towards the apartment.
	The car behind her left until her figure had completely disappeared into the building. Natalia turned back, looked towards the direction the car had left, and took out her phone.
	"Hey, I'm calling to get the information of someone, do you know Stephen Rogers?"
Chapter 20 Birthday Party
	The next day, Jessica's birthday party.
	8: 00 p.m., Imperial Hotel.
	Although the party just started, most of the guests had already arrived.
	Inside the lavishly decorated hall, most of City J's powerful and famous people were gathered here, mingling under the magnificent crystal lamps, portraying a lively as well as luxurious atmosphere.
	Jessica wore a light lavender dress, with floral embroidery and strapless design, its lining only reached her ankles and outside it was various layers of soft gauzes drapping down to the floor, making her look fairy and gorgeous.
	With her glass in hand, she weaved her way through the crowd, greeting them one by one.
	Her words and actions were graceful and subdued, with her manners polite and well-behaved, a perfect example of a lady.
	There was a low murmur of praise all around.
	"This young lady from the Dawson family is really beautiful, worthy of being a top tier star in the entertainment industry today."
	"Of course, she's not only good looking, but also good at choosing a husband!
	It is hard to get married with the son of the Miller Family."
	"But she's got her own strength, she has only started her career in several years and she has made a great achievement, would anyone else be able to do this?"
	"The Dawson family is blessed of having such an outstanding granddaughter, and with the Miller Family, I'm afraid that it will be difficult for them to find a rival in the future."
	Hearing their murmuring, Jessica curled her lips in satisfaction.
	After all, it's a matter of pride to be recognized by the others.
	Everyone present from Dawson family was smiling, and even Clara couldn't stop being proud when she heard them.
	She looked around the hall and slightly inclined to ask Philip with.
	"Is Natalia here?"
	Philip whispered.
	"Not yet."
	Clara frowned imperceptibly.
	Philip grunted in a low voice.
	"Mom, isn't she going to come?"
	"I don't think so."
	Aleena's face also carried a hint of worry, '’Natalia is a honest girl, maybe it is just because of traffic jam or something else?
	Should we call her?"
	Philip sneered, "What will happen?
	We have told her two days ago. What couldn't have been done earlier and had to be put off until now?
	And this time is not a rush hour of the day, so how can there be traffic jam?
	I think she doesn't want to come and wants to embarrass the entire Dawson family!"
	Aleena saw this and forced a smile.
	"In fact, if she doesn't come, the other guests won't notice anything, but for Mrs. Elisa..."
	Old Lady Elisa, who is the godmother of Natalia's mother Kiera, was also the notary when Natalia and Shawn set up their marriage contract.
	The Yu family was considered an old family in City J, and although it was not as powerful as it used to be, it still couldn't be underestimated, especially in the business world.
	After all, Mrs. Elisa's family name was Wright, and everyone in the country knew that they shouldn't mess with the Wright Family.
	Although Mrs. Elisa had married for many years, she always had great connections in the capital, hence, it was better not to offend her.
	Clara furrowed and said in a deep voice.
	"Just call her and ask where she is?
	If she's still unwilling to come, don't blame me for getting angry with her!"
	Philip's spirit lifted and hurriedly answered "Yes" and went to make a phone call.
	At this time, Old Lady Elisa walked over accompanied by her grandson, Vincent Wright.
	"Why hasn't the Natalia arrived yet?
	You have told me that Natalia gave up this marriage on her own. And I came over today to see if you're telling the truth. Well, now she's probably not coming, are you lying to me before?"
	The Dawson family changed their faces imperceptibly.
	Clara hurriedly piled up a smile and answered.
	"How could we?
	We wouldn't dare to lie to you. That child called us just now, saying that there was a traffic jam and she would arrive later, so she will explain to you after she arrives."
	Old Lady Elisa swept them and grunted heavily.
	"It better be, otherwise if I know that you guys are bullying Natalia, I will never let you go. Do you want to mess up with the Wright Family"
	Clara's smile stiffened, and she nodded, "Definitely."
	Only then did Old Lady Elisa grunt heavily and turned to leave.
	Just as Old Lady Elisa left, Philip returned when holding his phone.
	Clara was depressed and asked.
	“How is that?
	Is she coming or not?"
	"Yes, she said she's on her way."
	She finally eased her tension and took a deep breath, "That's good, I assume that she won’t dare play tricks."
	Meanwhile, on the other side.
	Brian happened to deliver an invitation to Archie.
	"President, Miss Jessica's birthday is today and you're invited to attend, are you coming or not?"
	This invitation was actually handed to him two days ago, but Archie was too busy to handle this, and so did him. In the end, he even forgot about it.
	Now the party had already started, and he realized it, hence, he hurriedly gave the invitation to him.
	Archie rose his head from the files piled on the desk and looked through the invitation.
	"Will she go?"
	Without asking, Brian knew which "she"
	he was talking about
	Hastily, he replied.
	"Yes, I saw Miss Natalia's name on the list."
	Archie paused his hand, and then nodded, "Go to prepare a gift and we will set off as soon as possible."
	“Okay.”
	...
	People were singing and dancing happily in the hall.
	The Dawson family, however, all looked a little distracted.
	It was only because that Natalia hadn't showed up.
	Old Lady Elisa sent someone to ask Clara several times, and every time the answer she received was that Natalia would be here soon.
	Now an hour passed and Natalia hadn't arrived yet. The old lady gradually lost her patience and almost suspected that the Dawson family was cheating her.
	Just at the time when she was going to get furious, she heard a noise coming from the front of the door.
	The crowd turned around in curiosity, and they were stunned by who appeared in the front door.
	Dear god!
	“Who's that?”
	“She's gorgeous!”
	Natalia wore a long dark blue dress, with starry night sky patterns.
	She was tall and slender. Her figure perfectly showed the beauty of this dress, the light of the stars spreading from her feet to her waist, portraying her slim waist.
	With a delicate face and light makeup, her slightly curly brown hair fluffy wrapping on her shoulders, swaying gently as she walked.
	She walked into the hall and stood still near the door, her cool gaze looking around the guests in the hall with an aura of indifference that rejected anyone.
	Some of the guests contracted with her eyes and their hearts fluttered, feeling a slight chill come over them, making them feel the urge to run away.
	But her face was so beautiful, and they couldn’t help looking at her. Therefore, despite flustered, people were still unwilling to look around and could only wished to admire her beauty for a few more minutes.
Chapter 21 Who Are You Trying to Seduce?
	Some people were already whispering, "Who's that? She is beautiful!"
	"I don't know, I guess she should be a guest invited by the Dawson family!"
	When Natalia left the Dawson family five years ago, she was still young, and because she had spent most of her time studying, very few people had seen her.
	So now when she had reappeared, no one even recognized her.
	Others didn't recognize her, but Jessica did.
	At this moment, she was surrounded by a group of people, and when she saw the woman walking in from the doorway, she couldn't help but freeze for a moment.
	Was that Natalia?
	In her impression, Natalia would always be wearing a smart professional outfit or a normal casual outfit.
	Clean as it was, its plain and humdrum style clouded Natalia's femininity that Natalia looked somewhat dull.
	And she wasn't much of a makeup person, much less a regular hairdresser. She had kept the typical long straight jet-black hair, looking lifeless and old for her age.
	With dresses like that, she might stand out among the ordinary working girls.
	But she was indeed too unimpressive to be placed in a crowd of famous ladies who gussied up on a daily basis.
	Yet, such an ordinary person was stunning today, as if an angel had descended.
	She couldn't help but clench her fists fiercely.
	The girls who gathered around her asked curiously, "Jessica, who is she? She is gorgeous, is she one of the guests you have invited?"
	"Is she a celebrity?"
	"I don't think so. If she is a celebrity, she should be famous with her face. We would have recognized her."
	The voices in her ears were like steel needles, sticking into Jessica's heart one by one.
	She gritted her teeth darkly for a moment before taking a deep breath.
	"Don't you guys know her? That's my sister Natalia!"
	"What!"
	"How could it be her?"
	The people around her had surprised looks on their faces.
	Jessica smiled gently, "It's normal you guys didn't recognize her, after all, her appearance did change a bit from five years ago. In fact, if I didn't see her before, I wouldn't have believed it would be her!"
	There was something in her words, and someone immediately realized it.
	"You mean, your sister had a facelift?"
	"No wonder, I used to feel she looked quite ordinary, how come she's become so pretty now!"
	"Tsk! I guess the scandal five years ago was so widespread that she went to change her face for fear of people recognizing her and throwing rotten eggs at her if she continued to wear that face!"
	"That makes sense."
	Jessica made a face.
	"Don't say my sister like that, it wasn't her fault five years ago."
	"Jessica, you're too nice to her. If it were not for that she stole your work you wouldn't have missed out on a place at the Royal Academy."
	"That's right, and she went unscathed. She fled abroad to dodge the column and it seemed to come to an end, but what about you? You had been sad for a long time. Who's going to pay for your losses?"
	"I think she may target you again this time. Jessica, you have to be careful!"
	The group of people murmured, and Jessica whispered to discourage them, but a smirk of triumph flashed across her eyes.
	On the other side, Natalia walked up to Clara.
	"You are here late."
	Philip frowned unhappily.
	Natalia glanced at him coldly and said in a cold voice.
	"I've done you the honor of coming, Mr. Philip."
	"You--"
	Angered by her condescending look, Philip swept his gaze over the gown she was wearing and chided angrily.
	"What are you wearing? Today is Jessica's birthday party, not yours! Who are you trying to seduce by dressing like that?"
	Natalia looked at him, with a suggestion of astonishment in her eyes.
	Even though she already knew her father didn't love her, she didn't expect he would hate her to such an extent.
	Was that the words a father would say?
	Her heart was chilled for a moment, but there was bland expression on her face.
	"It's not your turn to tell me what I should wear!"
	"You--"
	"Enough."
	As a dignified voice rang out, Clara suddenly spoke out to interrupt him.
	She beckoned a waiter, had him bring a glass of wine and handed it to Natalia, and said in a deep voice, "It's shameful for a family to bicker in public. Shut up now!"
	Philip was a bit disgruntled and wanted to say something, but was glared at by Clara.
	The rest of the words were swallowed back.
	A faint sneer of satisfaction crossed Natalia's face. The waiter served her a very light cocktail with the aroma of alcohol that smelled fiercely inviting.
	Clara glanced at her, with her gaze pausing on the glass of wine for a moment, and said, "Your god-grandmother is here. You should explain to her things about you and Mr. Shawn!"
	"What do you want me to say?"
	"Say that you and Mr. Shawn broke up a long time ago because of a personality clashes, and it has nothing to do with Jessica."
	Natalia smiled in a sneering manner and agreed readily, "Okay."
	Clara nodded in satisfaction and suddenly lifted her glass and clinked hers.
	"I'm sorry for that, but don't worry, I'll remember all your merits and will compensate you later."
	Natalia raised her eyebrow, surprised by her attitude.
	However, she didn't think much of it, and only assumed that Clara had begged her, so she deliberately said these words. She happened to be thirsty, so she lifted her cup and took a sip.
	After finishing her drink, Clara led her towards where Elisa was.
	Elisa had actually seen Natalia a long time ago; after all, she had come today to find her.
	After not seeing each other for five years, the moment she saw Natalia, she realized that the little girl with a artless and shy face back then had long since grown up.
	That cool and flamboyant aura was exactly like her mother, as if the deceased had been reborn.
	The old lady was so excited that she couldn't wait to have someone help her to them wobbly before they approached her.
	"Natalia! It's really you!"
	Seeing this, Natalia hurriedly took a few quick steps to hold her up.
	"Grandma."
	"When did you get back? Why didn't you come to see me?"
	Elisa's eyes that had been calm were so excited that they were red, and Natalia was also a little moved.
	"I'm sorry I haven't been able to visit you, how are you?"
	"Good, I'm fine."
	The incident that had happened five years ago left a scar in Natalia's heart, so she hadn't contacted too many people when she returned home two years ago.
	Elisa seemed to understand her plight and patted her hand, comforting her by saying, "It's all in the past, it's good to have you back."
	Clara stepped forward and smiled.
	"Old Lady, Natalia has something to tell you."
	She said, giving Natalia a warning glance.
	Natalia smiled lightly in mockery, "What's the rush? I'll naturally tell my god-grandmother about what Grandma taught me, so can't we just catch up first?"
Chapter 22 Even Lied to Her
	Elisa froze, and Clara's face turned pale.
	"What are you babbling about?"
	"Well, I didn't..."
	Natalia interrupted her directly, "Grandma, Shawn and I were incompatible and have already broken up, so there's no need for you to worry about our affairs anymore."
	Elisa frowned and gave Clara a suspicious look.
	"Natalia, did she teach you to say those words?"
	Natalia smiled and didn't say a word.
	Clara was instantly furious, ''Natalia! What do you mean by that? When did I ever teach you to say such words? It was you who had to come over and explain to the old lady, and said it was the only way to get her to forgive you, have you forgotten all that?"
	Natalia curled her lips sarcastically, "Oh? Why did I have to come over and beg my grandmother's forgiveness since I hadn't done anything wrong?"
	At this time, Jessica walked over holding Shawn's arm.
	She stood beside Aleena and looked at Natalia with resignation.
	"Sister, now things come to the point, don't talk tough. The entire Dawson family already knows about those things between you and Mr. Chan. I thought it might damage your reputation and have kept it secret for you, but Elisa is so good to you, how can you even lie to her?"
	Natalia's right eyelid twitched, and a bad feeling suddenly flashed through her.
	"Mr. Chan? Which Mr. Chan?"
	"Still playing dumb? The second young master of Shuangta Group, that notorious fop scum! Alas! It's my fault for neglecting to discipline you all these years, which is why you've developed such a shameless nature, leaving Mr. Shawn behind and associating with that kind of man."
	Natalia's expression changed slightly.
	Alfred Chan, the second young master of Shuangta Group, was a notorious playboy in J City.
	He indulged in dissipation and even took drugs. He was married once a few years ago, after which his wife was reportedly crippled by him.
	The Chan family, with their money and power, managed to keep Alfred from punishment, and compensated the woman's family a sum of money to have them divorce directly.
	This matter had caused a storm in J City, so Natalia knew a bit about it.
	But to her surprise, Clara actually slandered that she had associated with Alfred.
	She sneered, ''Old Lady Dawson, that's nonsense! Which one of your eyes saw me be with Alfred?"
	"You simply won't admit it, will you? Okay, okay, I think you're not going to shed a tear until you see the coffin, Philip, go and get Mr. Chan."
	Saying that, she sighed, "Since you refuse to admit it, we'll make you two confront each other face to face. Natalia, you forced me to do this, so don't blame me if you feel ashamed then."
	Natalia was sullen as her gaze swept towards Shawn, who was standing behind Clara, and he slightly turned his face away to avoid her gaze.
	She sneered steeply, "Good, very good, I had thought that you asked me to come over today just to give them a leg up, but now it seems that you are more greedy and selfish than I thought, and actually came to slander me like this for them!"
	Clara's face was expressionless, "Whether it's a slander or not, later will come the truth after Mr. Chan is here."
	Alfred soon came over accompanied by Philip.
	As soon as he saw the woman standing in front of him, he couldn't help but brighten his eyes.
	He had never met Natalia before, but he had heard of her because of that incident five years ago.
	At first when Philip approached him about this, he was a bit reluctant until he saw Natalia's picture and then he was impressed with her.
	And this time when he saw her in the flesh, he was even more surprised to find that she looked actually more beautiful than in the picture.
	He felt so lucky about it.
	Clara looked at him and said in a deep voice.
	"Mr. Chan, do you know this woman?"
	Alfred looked at Natalia's cool, delicate face, and an obscene smile appeared on his face.
	"Yes, of course I know her. We are quite familiar with each other, right, Natalia?"
	The sound of "Natalia" caused goose bumps to rise up on Natalia's skin.
	She glanced at Alfred in disgust and said in a cold voice.
	"Mr. Chan, we've never met before. I don't know when we started to get acquainted?"
	Alfred rubbed his hands and said with a smile.
	"Naturally…"
	Clara gave a clear cough.
	Alfred's nasty smile set Elisa exasperated.
	Only then did Alfred realize that he was being frivolous, and hastily curbed his lewd look and laughed.
	"Just kidding, just kidding, haha, no offense."
	He looked at Natalia curtly, "Natalia, well, I know you're a bit angry because I've been busy with work and neglected you lately, but you've been making trouble for so many days, can you just stop it and go back with me?"
	Natalia was so angry that she could barely even sneer, staring at him with a sarcastic expression.
	"Alfred, you should be responsible for what you say! It's ridiculous. We have never been together."
	Alfred frowned at her words.
	"Natalia, you can argue with me and mess with me if you want, but you can't say that. We've been together for two years, and didn't you come back home for me? How can you say such hurtful things now?"
	"Bullshit! We haven't even met each other!"
	"Ugh, I'm not happy about your words!
	All right, since you're adamant about not admitting it, then I'll have to produce evidence."
	He said, pulling out his phone from his pocket and swiping it a few times before showing the screen towards Elisa.
	"Old lady, all the photos in here are of Natalia and me. We have slept together at least for one or two hundred times, and every time she liked to take photos in bed. I have no other merits, but I like to spoil women, especially the women I like. These are all her photos, if it is not enough, there are more. Oh, right, I've posted some on my social account, do you want to see?"
	He said as he swiped on the screen.
	Elisa was angry to hear that.
	Natalia hurriedly explained, "Grandma, don't listen to him, I didn't ..."
	"Enough!"
	Elisa suddenly snapped, turning her head to stare at Natalia.
	"Natalia, tell me the truth! Do you have a relationship with this scumbag or not?"
	Natalia's gaze sank as she gritted her teeth, "No."
	"Natalia! You have a red mole on your left breast and a small moon-shaped birthmark on the bottom of your foot; if we're not in love, how would I know all this?"
	Alfred said loudly in a hurry.
	Natalia's face paled.
	Once she turned around, she found Elisa staying there, with her face full of disappointment.
	As a grandmother who watched her growing up, she accompanied the nurse to give her first bath in the hospital as a child.
	So she knew her birthmark on her body.
	And the birthmarks in those secret places were not even known to the Dawson family, except for a very few close people.
Chapter 23 It's shameless
	Elisa shook her head, pained.
	"Natalia, when your mother handed you over to me and asked me to take good care of you, but since that incident, you left the country without a word. I could not find a way to contact you, it is my dereliction of duty, but I didn't expect that you would actually take such a crooked path!
	It doesn't matter if you want to be with a man like Alfred. Be honest with me!
	Even if I don't agree, if you must marry him, I'll accept it!
	If this scam wants to bully you, with the power of the Wright family and the Kawn family, he won’t dare to bully you!
	But you hide it from me, and you refuse to admit it even after repeated questioning. What do you take me for?
	Am I still your most respected and dearest elder?
	I had not heard from you in the past five years, and I worried you every day, lest I fail your mother, but what about you?
	Is this how you repay me?"
	Natalia's face went pale.
	She wanted to explain.
	Clara, however, interrupted her and said with a compensating smile.
	"Old lady, don't be angry. She is probably afraid of being scolded for telling the truth. Her nature is rather stubborn, I've gotten used to it over the years."
	Elisa waved her hand, with her face full of fatigue.
	"All right, things have come to this, I have nothing to say. I am sorry I messed up your birthday party. I will send someone to make amends some other day. As for the rest, I can't care and don't want to care. Declan, let's go!"
	Declan Wright frowned, his gaze lingering on those picture on Alfred's phone screen for a moment before he finally helped Elisa leave.
	Natalia clenched her fingers, with her nails nestling into her palm.
	Her body was shaking slightly.
	Shameless!
	Shameless!
	The thought that she was actually family with such a group of people with the same blood running through their veins was unbelievable!
	How can people be so shameless?
	There were already people around who heard their conversation and saw the way Elisa left in a huff, so they couldn't help but whisper.
	"Eh, what's going on?
	That person is Natalia, huh?
	How did she get together with Alfred of Shuangta Group?"
	"What kind of pot goes with what kind of lid!"
	"One stole his sister's designs out of jealousy, the other beat up his wife, they're just right together.”
	"But it's so mismatched!
	Natalia is so pretty, while Alfred is disgusting. How can she fall in love with such a person!"
	"And you guys are complimenting her face!"
	One of the girls who was standing with Jessica earlier walked over and sneered.
	"A plastic surgery chick, so what if she's pretty?
	In a few years when she gets older, she will be ugly!
	By then, I'm only afraid she won't even be worthy of Alfred."
	“What?
	Are you saying Natalia's current face is plastic surgery?"
	"Of course, that's what her sister said, it would never be false."
	“Dear me!
	That's too shameful."
	The scene was somewhat chaotic, and Natalia looked at Clara with a cold, stern gaze, gritting her teeth.
	"Clara, aren't you afraid of the wrath of God for doing this?"
	Clara looked at her, not hiding the smug look in her eyes.
	She sighed softly and shook her head.
	"My good granddaughter, how do you think I would have gone out of my way if you had listened to me earlier?"
	Natalia was so angry that her body trembled, and her anger seemed to burst out of her chest.
	"Get someone to composite a few photos and get a hoodlum to come and testify, and you think you can make up the facts?
	What's not done is not done!
	You could have wronged me five years ago, and that was because I was too young to fight back, but not anymore!
	Clara, wait and see!
	A fabricated lie will always be easily punctured!
	I will make you pay for what you did today!"
	She said, turning around and was to head out the door.
	But just then, there was a sudden weakness in her feet.
	Clara's cold voice came from behind.
	"You're right, it's true that a fabricated lie can be easily punctured, but what if that lie were to become true tonight?"
	Natalia looked back at her incredulously.
	What was that supposed to mean?
	Alfred smirked and said.
	"Miss Jessica, was that glass of wine good?
	I made it personally."
	Natalia's face was pale.
	A revolting feeling leapt up to her throat, and she was about to run, but Clara yanked her arm in a deadly grip.
	"Mr. Chan, my granddaughter has had too much drink, could you please help her to rest in the guest room upstairs?"
	Alfred rubbed his hands together excitedly, "Of course."
	Natalia stared at him with a deadly stare, with anger overflowing into her eyes.
	An unfamiliar warmth hit her body, and a tingling alienation wanted to hit her whole body.
	With Alfred's hand on her shoulder, her eyes widened in fear and she tried to open her mouth to call for help, but not a single sound could come out of her throat.
	Clara drugged her to lose her voice.
	This poisonous woman!
	Alfred held her into his arms and leaned in to whisper in her ear.
	"Natalia, I advise you not to waste your energy. This medicine not only has the effect of making you lose your strength, it also makes you lose your voice temporarily. You can't do anything now, so why don't you be a good girl and come with me. I will love you well tonight."
	At this time, although some of the people around had noticed the commotion over here, they only thought that Natalia and Alfred were really couple because of what they had just heard.
	Wasn't it normal for a boyfriend to help his girlfriend who has had too much to drink to her room and rest?
	So even though everyone saw it, not a single person came forward.
	Natalia was so weak that she couldn't even try to push Alfred away.
	In fact, if Alfred hadn't been holding her up, she would have fallen to the ground with weak feet.
	A piercing cold shot up her spine, and she knew that if she really went with Alfred tonight, her life would really be ruined.
	But she couldn't say anything, and none of the people around her knew the truth, much less that anyone would help her.
	Helpless, she could only turn her pleading eyes to that man.
	A few steps away, Shawn touched her gaze, struggled for a few moments, and suddenly stepped forward.
	However, in the next second, he was pulled by Jessica.
	She covered her stomach and said something to him. Shawn's face changed, and he hurriedly picked her up in a horizontal manner and hurriedly walked out.
	Natalia's face changed.
	She turned pale on face.
	A sudden sad and ridiculous feeling rose up in the bottom of her heart!
	She was so stupid!
	How could she put your hope in him?
	How could she be so naive as to think that even if he didn't love her anymore, even if the two of them had come to such a point as they were today, they had loved each other after all.
	After all, in their youth, both had genuinely loved each other.
	Even for the sake of a man's selfish exclusivity, it shouldn't be possible to watch her being taken away by another man!
	But reality slapped her hard again.
	It made her know that some people didn’t have hearts, and that some people were worse than the devil when they were indifferent!
	She laughed silently and had teardrops rolling down her eyes.
	Just as she was filled with despair, a voice suddenly came from outside.
Chapter 24 His Woman
	"Archie of the Mccarthy Group is here!"
	The noisy crowd suddenly gave way spontaneously, and all the people turned their heads in surprise to see a slender and straight figure slowly walking in at the end of the crowd.
	Natalia shook hard, with her pupils clenching.
	The man seemed to be wrapped in the wind. His pace was extremely fast but did not appear to be in a hurry. His deep black pupils resembled fine ink jade, glowing with an icy cold light, and his entire body exuded a cold and stern aura of being unapproachable.
	He was followed by Brian, and a few black-clad bodyguards standing still at the door without entering.
	Brian handed the congratulatory gift to a nearby receptionlist before following him inside.
	"Archie!
	It's really him, what's he doing here?"
	Someone among the guests murmured something low, and the others seemed to react then and shock.
	Most of those who came today are people with status in the society, even if they haven't seen Archie in person, haven't they seen him in magazines and TV?
	So, everyone knew the man.
	The heir of the Mccarthy consortium!
	The real controller of the Mccarthy Group!
	More so, he was the founder of the Annita International, the recently momentum entertainment empire!
	What was he doing here?
	Clara was immediately overjoyed, rushing to welcome him.
	"Welcome, Mr. Archie!
	Come in, please!"
	Seeing this, Philip and Aleena followed closely, with smiles on their faces.
	"I didn't know you would come over, sorry for the extra delay!"
	When the Dawson family sent invitations to Archie, it was just formality.
	Everyone knew that although Mr. Archie had recently come to J City, he did not attend any social functions.
	There had been countless people who had failed, and naturally, the Dawson family didn't think they would be an exception.
	But to their surprise, he was here today!
	Clara and the others were overjoyed. Natalia was also excited.
	Archie, help me!
	She opened her mouth and shouted wordlessly.
	Alfred noticed her mood and his face changed.
	"You want him to help you?
	Stop dreaming!
	Look at your status. A person like Archie, not to mention the Dawson family, even the the Miller family may not get touch with him, and do you know what the outside world says about him?"
	Alfred sneered and continued.
	"Everyone says he's Gay and doesn't like women, and the last woman who presumed to climb into his bed was already thrown into the L River, so don't get delusional!"
	He said, helping Natalia to walk in the direction of the elevator.
	Natalia became anxious.
	Lowering her head, she bit down on the back of his hand.
	Although she had been drugged and her whole body was weak, she still had a little strength left in the end.
	Plus how could she not struggle desperately at this point with hope on the horizon?
	Alfred didn't expect that she would dare to resist even at this point.
	In a moment of inattention, he was actually bitten by her, and with a cry of pain and surprise, the woman in his arms suddenly ran away.
	"Hiss- bitch! How dare you bite me? Stop there!”
	With a stern cry, before the crowd could react, a black shadow swept past their eyes and lunged straight towards the man standing at the entrance to the hall.
	Archie took a big step forward and swept Natalia up before she fell.
	With a hook of his long arm, the soft woman had fallen into his arms.
	The faces of the crowd paled.
	Dear me!
	Who was that?
	Wasn't that Natalia?
	How dare she touch Archie?
	Everyone knew that Archie hated women the most!
	In all the years in the business, there was no word of any woman he had ever been good with, and there had even been people who had sent as many stunning celebrities to his bed in order to please him, only to end up not only being returned intact, but even losing their original orders!
	It's a wonder a guy liked this ...... would like women!
	There were those present who had their hearts set on Archie, but didn't dare to go forward, and they were all wide-eyed at the sight.
	Anger ensued beyond belief.
	Holy shit!
	That was shameless!
	Her own boyfriend was still present, how dare she seduce another man? Did she want to die!
	And Natalia, wrapped in Archie's arms, smelling the familiar crisp fragrance of his body, almost wept with joy.
	A feeling of survival in a desperate place made her grab Archie's clothes with a death grip, as if she was holding onto the last straw to save her life, and even her body couldn't help but tremble.
	Archie's pupils were slightly cold.
	Thinking about what he had just heard outside, he naturally understood what had happened.
	He reached out and patted the woman's thin back gently. His eyes lifted slightly as he looked across the room with a cold, stern gaze.
	Alfred had already walked over quickly, and his face changed when he saw Natalia shrinking in his arms.
	Clara also changed her face, afraid of offending Archie because of this, and hurriedly explained.
	"Mr. Archie, I'm sorry, this is my granddaughter. She got drunk and lost her temper. I'll have someone take her away right away."
	The she said in a stern voice.
	"Mr. Chan, can't you even watch your own girlfriend?
	What's it like to jump on another man in front of so many people?"
	Alfred stepped forward and said in a cold voice.
	"Natalia, come here!
	Don't wrinkle Mr. Archie's clothes!"
	Natalia shrank in Archie's arms and didn't move, and Clara frowned when she saw this.
	She sighed, seemingly helpless.
	"My granddaughter... alas!
	Blame me for my poor coaching. It's okay to get drunk at usual time, but today such an occasion ... ugh!
	I am sorry about that!
	Mr. Chan, go over and pull her back!"
	When Alfred was about to make a move, Archie suddenly spoke in a low and cold voice.
	"Don't you dare touch her!"
	The crowd froze.
	They looked at him incredulously, as if they couldn't believe it was him who said that.
	Archie hooked his lips coldly and sternly, looking straight at Clara, "Old Lady Dawson, whose girlfriend did you just say she is?"
	Clara was stunned, subconsciously feeling that something was wrong, but she didn't fully react to it.
	She could only answer by instinct.
	"She, she is Mr. Chan's girlfriend, this one, the second young master of Shuangta Group."
	"Well."
	A sneer interrupted her introduction.
	Archie's voice was so cold that it could almost fall out of the ice crumbs, and his pair of deep ink-like pupils was even colder and more severe.
	"When did my wife become this scum's girlfriend?"
	Guests, "..."
	Clara, "..."
	Alfred, "..."
	What did he just say?
	It was like their ears were blocked!
	Natalia was Archie's wife?
	How could that be possible?!!!
	There were so many people showing shocked expressions that when Clara spoke, everyone around them hadn't reacted yet.
	"Mr. Archie, have you made a mistake?
	She, she is just an ordinary little girl, how can she be your wife?"
	Archie gave a cold laugh.
	"Ordinary?
	I don’t think so?
	My wife has always been radiant as a pearl, shining brightly, only some blind people can't see it!"
	Clara,
	"..."
	Alfred saw that the situation was not right, his eyes rolled, and he tried to slip away quietly when everyone was not paying attention to him.
	However, when he had only just touched the entrance to the hall, he was stopped by Brian.
	As soon as he looked up, he saw a smiling face of this elite secretary, ''Mr. Chan, where are you going to?
	Are you going to leave your girlfriend here?"
Chapter 25 Helping Her Out
	The Dawson family, including Alfred who tried to escape, was eventually under control.
	The party naturally broke up, though the guests were all confused by the sudden farce, and each was puzzled.
	However, with Archie present, everyone didn't dare to ask anything.
	But there was inevitable speculation in private.
	Who was Archie?
	He was the man at the helm of Mccarthy consortium, the man who held the lifeblood of the entire business world.
	It was no exaggeration to say that it, even if he wanted to marry a princess, would not be difficult.
	And the Mccarthy family, along with the Collins family, the Kawn family and the Fraser family were known as the Four Great Families. The marriages had always been rarely made by themselves, and were mostly alliances.
	How would the Mccarthy family allow their most outstanding successor to marry a commoner's daughter?
	The crowd couldn't help but murmur for a moment.
	Having been immersed in the business for a long time, they had their judgment after the initial shock.
	It was normal for men to get closer with women, Archie was not an exception.
	He had been so little scandalized before that it was rumored out there that he didn't like women.
	But in reality, he had not met the one he liked.
	Now that he met one, naturally he treated her well.
	But treating her well was different from marrying her.
	After all, everyone had never heard that Archie had gotten married and the Mccarthy family had changed its mistress.
	But Natalia was considered lucky. Even if there was no possibility of joining the Mccarthy family, but to be able to be with Archie for a period of time was a blessing that others envied.
	Everyone had speculations in their hearts, while Archie didn't even care about these people's thoughts.
	Natalia had been drugged, which he had sensed when he had caught her.
	It was because of this that he did not immediately pursue the crimes of the Dawson family as well as Alfred.
	After all, it was important to save lives first.
	Inside the lavishly decorated presidential suite, Archie placed the person on the bed and turned around to get her a towel.
	The corner of his shirt was suddenly grabbed by a fair hand.
	Natalia looked at him with a weak face, with a thin layer of scarlet rarely covering her delicate face. Her red lips were slightly open.
	"I want some water."
	She still couldn't make a sound, but Archie could read it from her mouth shape.
	“Just a minute.”
	He returned, with an extra cup of warm water in his hand, in addition to a hot towel.
	He walked over to the bed and sat down, helping Natalia up, feeding her half a glass of water and taking a hot towel to wipe her face and hands.
	Natalia was tickled by the heat baking on that towel, as if there were a million little bugs crawling through her body. She was uncomfortable as hell.
	She struggled for a moment, and when Archie withdrew his hand, he saw her pair of eyebrows frowning gently, her watery eyes staring at himself, then immediately closing again, as if she was struggling with something in pain.
	The clothes on her body had long been disheveled in the struggle, and the long black sheath-type dress was slightly spread out, revealing some of the skin.
	A flush crept up her neck from her breasts, spreading to her ears and finally covering her entire face, adding a hint of sensual voluptuousness to that pale delicacy.
	The fine, soft hair was wet with sweat from the pain, sticking to the corners of her forehead and neck, and her entire body exuded an indescribable sense of disheveled beauty.
	Archie looked at her. His breathing became slightly heavy, and his dark pupils slightly deepened for a moment.
	He reached out, gently wiped the sweat from the corner of her forehead, and said in a deep voice.
	"Natalia, I am your husband, you have the right to ask me anything you want."
	Yet the woman on the bed acted as if she didn’t hear him.
	She curled up in pain, wrapping her arms around herself and even burying her face in it, as if trying to control herself so she wouldn't do something impulsive.
	Archie frowned and reached out to feel her forehead.
	The skin was hot.
	His pupils darkened and he said in a deep voice.
	"Are you sure you don't need my help?"
	Natalia shook her head, and then she suddenly lifted her face and wordlessly said.
	"I want to see a doctor."
	Archie looked at the shape of her mouth and didn't say anything.
	Natalia wasn't sure if he'd read it, but she really didn't have the strength to do it again, so she had to bury her face in again. Her entire body curled up into a shrimp shape in a defensive position. Her slim body seemed to shiver slightly.
	She was holding back as long as she could.
	Archie didn't even know whether to cry or laugh for a moment.
	He sat on the edge of the bed, looked at her for a moment, and after a long moment, gave a cold laugh.
	It was unclear whether that laugh was self-deprecating or disappointing, and then he suddenly got up and lifted up a thin quilt to cover Natalia before striding outside.
	The doctor arrived soon after.
	Almost as soon as Archie had gone out, a female doctor in plain clothes walked in accompanied by Brian.
	At this point, it was impossible for Brian to go to the hospital to find someone, but fortunately, the Mccarthy Vila always had family doctor. He called her at once, and rushed over at a fast pace in about ten minutes.
	Natalia curled up in the thin, soft silk quilt, felt her hand being pulled, and reflexively shrank inward.
	Seeing this, the female doctor said in a soft voice.
	"Miss Jessica, don't be afraid, I'm a doctor, I'm here to see you."
	Perhaps having heard her words, Natalia let her guard down and allowed her to pull her hand.
	Then the covers were lifted. She was drugged and hot, and covered by the covers, so naturally she was hot and sweaty, and her whole body was almost drenched in sweat.
	The female doctor frowned unhappily.
	"How can you cover her with quilt in this situation?
	It can produce pseudo-heatstroke."
	The corner of Archie's eyes twitched, and there was little expression on his face.
	The female doctor didn't notice his look and carefully finished examining Natalia, then took potion and injected it into her.
	Natalia cooperated obediently throughout, without any resistance.
	Brian, however, felt a vague sense of discomfort.
	He gave Archie a curious glance, wondering why his boss was suddenly upset.
	Ah !
	He must be mad at the Dawson family and that scum Alfred!
	After all, if they dared to do this to Natalia, no other man would have let them off!
	Brian felt that he was too perceptive, speculating in his mind how his Boss would handle this matter, and secretly thought of several good ways that he could take it out for his future young lady.
	The doctor had finished the injection for Natalia.
	She turned her head to Archie and said.
	"The antidote has been injected in, but it will take a little while to heal. Stay with her in the meantime. If she feels uncomfortable, let her soak in cold water and she'll be fine after a while."
	Archie still had that expressionless, cold look on his face, but asked,
	"Why can't she talk yet?"
Chapter 26 I Promise You
	"That medicine is laced with some herb, which has the effect of temporarily paralyzing the vocal cords, but it usually doesn't last long, and she should be able to talk before too long."
	Archie nodded, and only then he let Brian send her out.
	After the other people had all left, he walked over to the bed and looked at the woman lying on it.
	At the moment, Natalia was much quieter, lying obediently under the blanket, not moving at all, as if she was asleep.
	Only the small face, still flushed with scarlet, unintentionally revealed her pain and stoicism.
	Archie looked at her for a while, didn't say anything, and turned around and walked away.
	A few seconds later, the sound of clattering water came from the bathroom.
	Natalia opened her eyes in a daze and felt a large, tall shadow looming towards her.
	"Go soak in cold water for a while, huh?"
	She looked at him and nodded.
	Archie picked her up horizontally and walked towards the bathroom.
	The wide bathtub was already well filled with water, and Archie put her in. The cold water stimulated her body to shiver and she couldn't help but hold her arms tight.
	"Can you sit still by yourself?"
	Natalia nodded, wanting to say yes, but the man only let go before her body went limp and her body plunged into the water.
	A soft sigh of helplessness rang out overhead.
	The next second, her body was scooped up, and she coughed twice in pain and spat out a mouthful of water.
	Just as she was about to open her eyes, a towel came up and in a not-so-gentle motion, He wiped the water off her face.
	A sound of water.
	Archie sat in.
	He sat right behind her, letting her lean against him, with his arms wrapping around her.
	Natalia's spine instantly stiffened, only to feel as if her back was leaning against a wall of volcanic rock, which was hot.
	Strong hormone filled her nostrils, and the fever that had just been pushed down in her body stirred again.
	She couldn't help but struggle up and try to refuse, but an unpleasant cold voice came from behind her, "Don't move!"
	Archie darkened his face. He was not in good mood being rejected by her. If not afraid that she slipped into the water and drowned herself, he would not sit in.
	Natalia wasn't the only one who suffered from such a position.
	Natalia seemed to have thought of this, her face changed. After making sure he wouldn't do anything, she sat meekly still.
	There was silence all around, and the two people were quietly soaking in the water. Because of each other's body heat, the originally cold water didn't seem so cold anymore.
	She was so weak that she could barely even sit down if it weren't for Archie holding her in the back.
	At the thought of who drugged her, she felt ridiculous.
	Originally, she thought that the Dawson family, no matter how hateful they were, were just eccentric and wanted her to give up voluntarily so that they could fulfill Shawn and Jessica's good deed.
	She originally did not intend to have any further involvement with Shawn, so it did not matter if he was with Jessica.
	But to her surprise, they were even more cold-hearted than she thought.
	To be able to get the two together logically without being criticized for gossip, they actually falsely accused her of having an affair with Alfred!
	In addition, they drugged her and tried to send her to that scum's bed!
	That was her father and her grandmother!
	If she hadn't grown up in the Dawson family, if she hadn't gotten along with this family fairly well for the first eighteen years, she really would have wondered if she was the Dawson family's own child or not!
	Raging anger mixed with untold sorrow surged through her chest.
	She closed her eyes and took a deep breath.
	It was finally less hot in her body and her sanity seemed to be clearing up.
	She opened her eyes and felt as if her throat was no longer as tight as it was before, so she tried to speak, "Archie, I am fine."
	It was as thin as a fly, but she could finally make a sound.
	She couldn't help but sigh in relief.
	Archie didn't say anything, but got up and then picked her up from the bathtub.
	Her body was covered in water, and her drenched gown clung to her body, outlining her delicate, sexy curves.
	Natalia blushed and pushed away his hand that was trying to wipe her water, snatching the towel away and saying sharply.
	"I'll just do it myself."
	Archie looked at her and didn't say anything. Seeing her head lowered in a shy and embarrassed manner, he suddenly laughed.
	"Ok, now that you are fine, shouldn't you repay me?
	Like wipe water for me."
	Natalia was stunned and looked up at him in surprise.
	Archie stayed in the water with her, and naturally all of his body was soaked through.
	The white shirt clung to the man's chest, and it was easy to see the powerhouse pecs inside, beautiful and sexy, yet not exaggerated in the slightest. The lines were perfect.
	Her face burned, and she stammered and waved her hand.
	"Well, I, I ......"
	The man's pressure was so strong that she tensed and her tongue was in a knot.
	A girl who was usually quite eloquent could not say a word at this time.
	Archie smiled and suddenly held her hand.
	Natalia took a frightened step back and pressed her body against the wall.
	The next second, she felt an extremely strong oppressive feeling approaching, the man's handsome and perfect face zoomed into her eyes. The corners of his mouth were clearly hooked with an evil smile, but there was not a trace of laughter under his eyes.
	He braced one hand against the wall and let go of her with the other, turning to cupping her chin and lifting it gently.
	"I told you before that I would give you three days to think about it, and now that three days are up, isn't it time for you to keep your promise?"
	Natalia froze for a moment.
	She looked into his dark and clam eyes, which was like a piece of ice that would not melt for a thousand years. It was a great contrast to his gentle and refined appearance.
	She looked at him like something was slamming inside her, so fierce it was about to jump out of her throat.
	Actually, when she thought about it, the man's offer didn't do her any harm.
	It was not clear why he married her, but it was a fact that she needed a husband and a marriage.
	The reason why she attended Jessica's birthday party was because Clara threatened her with her mother's relics.
	If those things had been held in Clara's hands, she would never be able to escape her control.
	And now, if she got married, and husband was Archie, whom the Dawson family couldn't afford to mess with, everything would change.
	Moreover, although Archie was an unfathomable person, at least from what she had observed so far, he had no malice towards her.
	She had already been hurt once and didn't feel she could fall in love with another man again in this life as carefree as she had before.
	So, what difference did it make who she married?
	Her nervousness eased a little at the thought.
	When she looked at Archie again, her gaze was complex.
	"Archie, are you sure you want to marry me?"
	The man raised his eyebrows, "You don't think I've shown enough good faith?"
	Natalia pursed her lips, struggled in heart and then nodded heavily.
	“I agree marry you.”
Chapter 27 Too Vicious
	She agreed quickly. Archie was surprised, and then he showed a smile.
	"But I have conditions."
	“What!"
	"First, no publicizing our relationship until I give my permission, and second, no touching me without my permission!"
	The smile under Archie's eyes cooled bit, "Is there a third?"
	Natalia thought about it for a moment, not thinking of anything else, and shook her head, "No."
	After a pause, she added, "I will let you know if I have a third."
	Archie said in a deep voice.
	"So you're trying to make me a monk?"
	Natalia was stunned.
	"Mrs. Mccarthy, I'm a normal man, so if you don’t given me your permission, I will have no sex in my life."
	He said as his body closing to her. Natalia could only struggle to shrink in.
	"I, I didn't mean it like that."
	The reason for this condition was simply that she subconsciously felt that the marriage between the two would not last for too long.
	She hadn't even considered what would happen later.
	Archie sneered, seeming to see through her thoughts.
	"Natalia, I will not divorce once I am married, so since you have agreed to it, there is no chance to back out. Be Mrs. Mccarthy and I will give you everything you want, understand?"
	Natalia looked at him and didn't say anything.
	The hand cupping her jaw suddenly tightened and she let out a cry of pain, only able to agree in resignation, "Yes."
	Only then was Archie satisfied and let go of his hand.
	It was only when he let go that he noticed two small red marks pinched on her delicate skin.
	His dark eyes couldn't help but deepen.
	In the end, it was an afterthought that he had just been too aggressive and was worried that he might have scared her.
	So he added.
	"Alright, I won't touch you for the time being, but I hope you get used to being Mrs. Mccarthy and don't keep me waiting too long, ok?"
	Reacting to his meaning, Natalia's face flushed and she nodded.
	Archie turned around and headed out. Not long after, he came in with a clean new set of women's clothes.
	Handing the clothes to Natalia, he said, "Change and come out!"
	Natalia nodded.
	Natalia closed the bathroom door, and took off the wet gown she was wearing and changed into the new clothes Archie had brought.
	The clothes must have been prepared by Brian just now while they were in the bathroom.
	The plain colors, simple and generous casual clothes took off her cool aura. It came a strong innocent student temperament.
	Natalia looked at herself in the mirror and froze for a moment.
	She was twenty-four, at the age that other people was only two years out of college.
	But perhaps it was because she had experienced too much in the past five years, her heart had long been through the vicissitudes of life, plus she always stayed with a group of 30 and 40 year olds in the workplace on a regular basis, causing her to learn to be somewhat mature.
	Without realizing it, she had forgotten that she was actually young.
	It was the most beautiful age a girl could be.
	This age was youthful, wanton, with enough capital to be flamboyant and proud of her beauty.
	She thought of Archie's words and slightly lowered her eyes.
	Suddenly she showed a smile
	When she changed and went out, she found no one in the bedroom.
	There was the sound of someone talking in the living room. When she walked out, she saw Archie, Brian, the Dawson family as well as Shawn.
	Clara sat on a single sofa with Philip and Aleena standing behind her.
	While Shawn was supporting Jessica to stand on the other side.
	Seeing her come out, Jessica looked at her with a worried face and said softly.
	"Sis, I came back from the hospital as soon as I heard about your accident, are you okay?"
	Natalia glanced coldly at her without speaking, walking over to Archie and sitting down.
	No one in the room paid any attention to her at all, and Jessica's face stiffened slightly. The atmosphere became somewhat awkward.
	And the rest of the Dawson family did not care about her feelings at this point.
	Back at the moment Archie announced that Natalia was his wife, it had shaken everyone to their core!
	There was tremendous trepidation and heartbreak.
	What they did tonight was certainly excessive, even them had such thought!
	Therefore, no matter what verdict Archie handed down on them, they had nothing to say!
	But despite this reasoning, they still couldn't help but grumble at Natalia in their heart.
	Why didn't she tell them so before, since she had been with Mr. Archie?
	She let them do their bidding, and now, well, it's okay to make everyone lose face in front of everyone, but they offended Mr. Archie.
	She did it on purpose!
	That was vicious!
	Clara was filled with anger, and Natalia seemed to notice it, turning her head to glance at her, then smiled coolly.
	Not convinced?
	Hold it in!
	Brian had already ordered someone to bring Alfred here. But compared to the decent Dawson family, Alfred wasn't treated so well.
	He was tied up and dragged into the living room, with marks on his body and face from the beating and abuse, and a bruise with a purple bruise at the corner of his eye.
	Obviously he had got beaten!
	At this point, Alfred understood the current situation?
	As soon as he saw Archie, he immediately knelt down.
	"Mr. Archie! It's all a misunderstanding!"
	Archie sat in the wide leather sofa, with his slender and straight legs folded and a cruel cold smile on his face.
	"Misunderstanding?
	That's not what you said in the hall an hour ago."
	Alfred was almost on the verge of tears.
	He had just gone through torture in the past hour.
	These guys were sick!
	He might be a bit of a dude and a bit of a womanizer, but he didn't want to die yet!
	“Say it! What's this shit? Be honest and you might save your life, if you dare to tell false."
	He paused, a cold murderous aura staining the bottom of his eyes, "You know what will happen!"
	Alfred's face turned pale and he nodded in fear, “I'll say, I'll tell you everything!
	Mr. Archie, I swear, is really has nothing to do with me. This old woman ordered me to do it!
	She said if I cooperate with them in a play and falsely accuse Natalia of having a relationship with me, the more than one million gambling debt I owed Philip before wouldn't have to be paid!
	I agreed to that!
	I'm sorry Mr. Archie, I was wrong. I didn't know Natalia was your wife, please forgive me and spare me!"
	While he was crying, he jumped over and tried to hug Archie's legs.
	Seeing this, Brian, who was next to him, went straight up and kicked him.
	Although Brian was Archie's secretary, he usually practiced. His kick was so powerful that Alfred was directly kicked over a few meters away and fell heavily to the ground.
	The people in the room were almost stunned.
	Natalia was slightly shaken.
	Only Archie had no fluctuation on his face.
	Clara reacted after being shocked.
	She snarled.
	"Alfred!
	What are you talking about?
	Natalia is my granddaughter, how could I harm her?
	We all know what kind of person you are. If you hadn't been in a relationship with her, I would have agreed to you being together?"
Chapter 28 Riding the Tiger
	She was like riding a tiger right now.
	On one side was Archie, who she did not dare to offend, and on the other side was Alfred, who accused her.
	It was ultimately justified.
	She never dared to offend Archie, so she had to sacrifice Alfred.
	As long as she consist the relationship between Alfred and Natalia, she would have a reason for everything she did today.
	Not only that, but Natalia would be saddled with the reputation of cheating.
	Who was Archie?
	He would allow his woman to cheat on him.
	When the time came, not only would Natalia not be able to clear her name, her position in Archie's heart would also be shaken, and then it won't be too late to deal with her!
	Thinking of this, the look in Clara's eyes grew colder.
	However, in the next second, Alfred explained, "Mr. Archie, she's talking nonsense!
	Miss Jessica and I have never met before, how can we be related?
	You can look it up if you don't believe me!"
	"Alfred, you coward!
	You begged me on your knees to ask me let Natalia be with you?
	Now you said those words, are you still a man?"
	Alfred was so angry that his fingertips were trembling, pointing at Clara.
	"Old woman, you slander me! And you slander Miss Jessica! Do you think Mr. Archie is a fool? Will he be cajoled by you?"
	Clara sneered.
	"And you're trying to weasel your way out of this? Ok! You said I was behind this. Where's the proof? I haven't pursued the matter of you drugging Natalia! Now you're blaming me?"
	Alfred's face turned pale.
	He did drug in the drink.
	But he did as Clara told him.
	And now she was trying to brush it off and blame it all on him.
	Alfred was going crazy with anger, but he couldn't say a word and could only stare at Clara with a deadly glare.
	When discussing this matter before, it had always been a face-to-face meeting, so Clara had known that he could not produce any evidence. At this time, seeing this, she coldly snorted in triumph.
	Watching the scene, Natalia had a word suddenly came to her mind -- dog-eat-dog.
	It was true.
	Previously there were like grasshoppers on a rope, but now they blamed each other being scared by Archie.
	It was a pity...
	She smiled playfully when she heard the lazy, icy voice of the man beside her.
	"I just want to hear the truth and you guys are arguing here. Do you really think I'm idle?"
	The man dug his ears, with a hint of impatience flashing across his face.
	Clara and Alfred both turned pale with fear.
	Clara hastened to show a smile and explain.
	"Mr. Archie, I really didn't know about your relationship with Natalia. Since she has long been with you, Mr. Archie, she should have told us before.
	It was indeed our mistake to get it like this, and please don’t be angry for the sake of the two families' in-laws."
	Archie raised his eyes to look at her, smirking.
	"Family In-laws?"
	Clara showed an awkward smile.
	In fact, since Archie and Natalia were a couple, then she, as Natalia's grandmother, was naturally Archie's grandmother as well.
	Were they not in-laws?
	This was why Clara had dared to sit and talk until this moment.
	After all, she was the elders. Even if Archie was angry or discontented, for the sake of getting along in the future, he would not go too far.
	But if he believed her words and became suspicious of Natalia, it would be even better.
	She never expected that Natalia could get anything back from the the Mccarthy family anyway, and even if she did, based on the relationship between the Dawson family and Natalia, it was unlikely that she would think of Natalia.
	So it would be better to lose her backer!
	Clara thought this in her heart, but suddenly she heard Archie's voice.
	"Since you all refuse to tell the truth, I'll just have to treat you all equally and deal with you together!"
	Clara was slightly stunned and looked up at him and saw Archie gave an order to Brian.
	Brian immediately went out, and not long after, he came in with a large stack of documents.
	"Mr. Archie, this is all the properties under the Dawson family and Mr. Chan's name."
	Archie took it and flipped through it casually.
	Everyone in the room was a little confused as to what he wanted.
	He suddenly drew one from the midst, lit it with a lighter and put it into the ashtray.
	It was a piece of real estate in the name of Alfred, which was given by his father.
	When Alfred saw this, his face changed and he said sharply.
	"Mr. Archie, what are you, what are you doing?"
	Archie said in a slow voice.
	"Since you refuse to tell the truth, so I need to think of a way in order to let you speak!
	All these properties are yours, and I'll burn one every three minutes. I'll give it back to whoever says it first. What do you think?"
	He asked them what they thought.
	What?
	It was ridiculous.
	They dared not say a word. Clara realized at this moment that Archie did not put her into eyes.
	She grimaced down and said in a deep voice.
	"Mr. Archie, these real estate properties are registered, you think burning the paper documents will help?"
	Archie looked at her with a smile on his face, "Oh, right. You remind me, Brian!"
	Brian immediately stepped forward, "President."
	"Everyone I burn, forcefully acquire the company under their name. If it fails, suppress them until they declare themselves bankrupt. Give up the stocks and funds losing money, but as for anything that's making a profit, tell K to do something about it. I'm sure it'll have no profit immediately before dawn."
	Brian made to stifle a laugh and nodded, "Yes."
	He turned and headed out the door.
	The people of the Dawson family and Alfred both instantly panicked when they saw this.
	"Mr. Archie, you can't do that!"
	"These are our hard work from decades. You can't destroy them!"
	Clara wanted to bite off her tongue at this point.
	Why did she talk?
	If the paper documents were burnt, they could make up for it in the future. Now she lost everything!
	Archie looked at them with a cold face, unshaken.
	“Last chance! Say it!”
	Alfred nodded, “I say it!”
	Clara shouted sternly, "Alfred, think before you say it!"
	Alfred, who could care less about that at this point, shouted loudly at her.
	"Enough! Dawson family is a big family and can withstand tossing and turning, but I'm not like you, I only have a little bit of property in my fucking name. If it all goes to shit, my dad will be the first one to get me killed!"
	Clara was so angry with him that she turned blue.
Chapter 29 Unbelievable
	Alfred turned his head and looked at Archie with a pleasing face, saying sharply.
	"Mr. Archie, I didn't know Miss Jessica before, but I had heard of her, so when this old woman came to me, I did move at the time.
	Tonight, I arrived early and they found me and talked to me about the exact plan to drug the cup Miss Jessica was drinking from, then they would say in public that I was related with her and then take her away while there was chaos.
	In this way, Miss Jessica had to admit it even if she didn't want to. The reason for doing so was simply because Miss Jessica's original boyfriend was Shawn!
	The Dawson family's second young lady took her sister's boyfriend. This old woman was biased and wanted to gag Miss Jessica so she came up with this vicious plan!
	I was just a pawn in her hand, and the planning had nothing to do with me!
	Moreover, I helped Miss Jessica out in the hall just now was not meant to take advantage of her.
	I admit that I did admire her before I knew she was your wife, but when faced with a woman I admire, I naturally want to get her heart before I get her body, so how could I take advantage of her at this time?
	It just occurred to me that if I didn't agree to cooperate, the Dawson family would definitely think of another way to deal with her!
	That was why I was to take her away.
	But if I had known she was your wife, I wouldn't have dared to mess with her even if I had the guts to do so!
	Mr. Archie, please spare me!"
	Alfred's speech was vocal and very touching.
	If she hadn't seen through this scum’s true face a long time ago, Natalia would have wanted to give him a Medal of Excellence for the Ten People Who Moved the Country!
	She laughed coldly, and Archie didn't move, looking at Clara next to her.
	“What about you? What would you say?"
	Clara had calmed down by now.
	In the end, she was a character who had experienced life for decades, and in terms of calmness alone, she was at a level higher than Alfred.
	She looked at Archie with a cold and resolute face and said in a deep voice.
	"What he says is a load of crap! I never discussed anything with him, and the medicine in that cup was put in by him. I didn’t know about it!"
	Archie shallowly curled his lips.
	A cold eerie light glowed under his eyes.
	A piece of paper waved lightly from his fingertips, and the fire flared up and burned it to ashes.
	Philip and the others' faces changed and their pupils shrunk.
	It was a clothing company owned by the Dawson family, which was not small in scale and growing nicely.
	About two minutes later, an abrupt cell phone ring suddenly sounded.
	Philip glanced at Archie before he answered the phone.
	“What? How can that be?!"
	Clara's face was vaguely pale, having guessed what was going on.
	But she still couldn't believe that Archie could really manage to say strike in such a short period of time!
	If in D City, she believed that Archie did have that strength to make a company go bankcrupt with a snap of his fingers.
	But this was J City!
	The Dawson family had been developing in J City for decades, in which the relationships were so intricate that not anyone could move it.
	However, Philip hurried back and whispered in her ear, shattering her last shred of illusion.
	She looked over at the man sitting on the couch with a breezy, self-effacing face in shock and disbelief.
	Archie smiled.
	He didn't get angry, and the tone of his voice remained at an unhurried pace, without even a change in his intonation.
	But for no reason, she felt this man was scary!
	It was as if even the air had become oppressive because of his smile.
	Archie said indifferently.
	"One minute to go, whose better to burn?"
	He said, reaching out to another of the Dawson family’s companies.
	Natalia watched it and didn't say anything.
	Burn it, burn it!
	All of the Dawson family's possessions had nothing to do with her from the moment her mother died anyway.
	She felt good to see this family look so scared and heartbroken!
	In fact, Natalia did not know why Archie was doing this.
	In his power, if he really wanted to vent anger for her, he could have done it without having to ask them to tell what happened. He could have just done it directly.
	But now he preferred to torture them little by little like making a frog boiled in warm water, and had to make them tell the truth.
	Natalia suddenly thought of something, and her gaze flashed.
	She felt unbelievable, but then she was warm in heart.
	This man was...
	Philip, who was standing behind, could not stand when he saw Archie was to touch the Dawson family's property.
	"Mom!"
	He called out to Clara, whose face was blue.
	But there's no way around it.
	At this time, they were like fish meat on a slab waiting to be slaughtered, not to mention the power to resist, they didn't even have the courage.
	God!
	Against Archie?
	Wasn’s that asking for death?
	Especially after that phone call, she learned that the company that Archie had burned that document before was immediately consolidated.
	It was not to require, but consolidate!
	It was said it was found to be faulty clothing fabric!
	Hell knows how a fabric that has never had a problem in over a decade of making it can have a problem at this time?!
	Clara was not stupid and would not fail to know that it was this man behind that.
	But there was nothing she could do about it!
	At this thought, she took a deep breath.
	Finally, she said,
	"What do you want me to tell, Mr. Archie? I will tell you!"
	Archie raised his eyes and glanced at her.
	It was late and the second paper in his hand was already lit.
	Clara watched the fire leap up and felt like she was about to die of heartache.
	That was the biggest and proudest company of the Dawson family's besides SEN Company.
	And it was the most profitable one!
	For so many years, the Dawson family had been able to grow to this day all thanks to this company
	With this massively profitable company, it other companies could ran
	If this company was gone, what should the Dawson family do in the future?
	Archie, however, as if he did not notice her heartache, shook the ash on his hands, took tissue and wiped his hands, leaning back on the sofa.
	"Finally, you're willing to talk?
	How good is it to cooperate early?"
	Clara,
	"..."
	Archie tilted his head slightly and looked at Natalia, asking in a soft voice.
	"What do you want to hear?"
	Natalia blinked and smiled.
	"Let's start with when she decided to harm me!"
	Archie nodded his head, "Ok."
	Saying that, he naturally held her hand and placed it on his lap, looking at Clara with interest.
	"Old Lady Dawson, let's begin!"
Chapter 30 His Wife
	Clara took a breath and began to tell.
	There was not too much.
	It was nothing more than that night Natalia refuted her in front of everyone at Dawson family and them left.
	She knew that for the sake of her mother's relics, Natalia would definitely be the birthday party of Jessica.
	But she knew Natalia's character and knew that she would never be as obedient as she hoped.
	So, she decided to knock Natalia into the ‘abyss’ for good!
	They all knew clearly what kind of person Alfred was.
	If Natalia fell into his hands, it would be almost impossible to escape!
	At that point, even if she tried to say something, no one would believe her.
	Jessica, while could rest easy and continue to be Mrs. Miller.
	If Jessica's reputation was preserved, her position in the entertainment industry was preserved.
	It meant that she could continue filming and making money, and Fongwash Entertainment which just signed her won't suffer any losses.
	What a conspiracy!
	What a shameful poisonous plan!
	Although she had guessed the fact, but hearing her said it, Natalia still found it hard to believe.
	How could there be such shameless people in this world!
	It seemed to sense her anger,
	the large hand that held her hand suddenly squeezed gently.
	She looked up slightly into the man's sideface.
	The silhouette, exquisite as if it had stepped out of a painting, glowed steely and was cold in the light.
	A pair of inky pupils was calm and waveless, yet they carried an indescribable stabilizing power.
	Her heart inexplicably settled, smoothing out the flash of anger and irritation in her mind.
	Archie played with her soft fingers and said in a light voice.
	"In that case, call the police!"
	Clara's face turned pale.
	"Mr. Archie! How can you call the police? I've already told the truth as you required."
	Archie looked at her with a smirk.
	"I only promised you not to burn the papers, did I promise not to call the police?"
	Clara: ......
	He said faintly.
	"I'm a law-abiding citizen. When I come across someone trying to persecute my wife, of course I have to go to the police, what's wrong with that?"
	Dawson family: ......
	Alfred: ......
	Natalia: ......
	Brian: ......
	‘President, a law-abiding citizen?
	Are you serious?
	Then who secretly ordered me to frame them?
	And who made the hostile requirement?
	And you threatened them with this.
	Sheesh!
	You are shameless to this extent for a woman, I think you have the potential to be a silly king in the future!’
	Archie certainly didn't knowBrian's inner thought.
	Even if he knew, he wouldn't care.
	He would sure spoil his woman.
	The corners of Natalia's mouth couldn't help but curl up as he played with her fingers.
	What's wrong with suddenly feeling moved when she obviously had long past the age where she could be easily touched?
	Especially when she knew what this man was really up to!
	Natalia didn't say anything. Archie waved his hand and gave the order.
	Call the police!
	The Dawson family was completely flustered, but Alfred was indifferent.
	Anyway, a dude like him, a rich kid who regularly reported to the police for various reasons, had a long-established reputation.
	He could call his father to pay to ransom him out.
	Although a severe beating was inevitable when he returned home, a severe beating was simply a five-star treatment compared to falling into Archie's hands!
	Brian was quick to act and made the call.
	As soon as the police heard Archie's name, they acted even faster!
	Within minutes of the call, the police car arrived downstairs at the hotel.
	By this time, the Dawson family knew there was no hope for reconciliation and could only be taken away by the police.
	Some of the guests who had left the party tonight had been secretly observing the movements over here.
	Short after the Dawson family's people had just been taken away by the police, the news had spread to almost the entire upper class circle of J City.
	At first everyone was a bit baffled.
	The only reason they had been paying attention to this was because Archie had announced at the banquet that Natalia was his wife.
	Everyone thought that the Dawson family was now considered to have been related to a rich family. With Archie, almost no one would dare to offend the Dawson family in the future.
	Someone was looking for a way to get close to them!
	Unexpectedly, the news that everyone from the Dawson family had been brought into the police station came out.
	Including Old Lady Dawson!
	It was then that everyone felt something unusual.
	Afterwards, a video suddenly exploded online.
	The video showed an old woman with gray hair sitting there, telling in her own words how she plotted to harm her granddaughter.
	And how she had collaborated with outsiders and corrupted the reputation of his own granddaughter, only for the benefit of another granddaughter and the family.
	Although the old lady's face was coded on the video and her name was replaced with a bleep, but as soon as they heard her voice, they recognized that it was the old lady of the Dawson family - Clara!
	God!
	How could that be?
	As a grandmother, how could she plot against her granddaughter in such a deliberate manner?
	How could a man be so bad?!!!
	Frankly speaking, all the gentry families in the upper circles always had some nasty things.
	But it was the first time to see one could do to this extent, and only for her own selfishness and benefit!
	Was she her real granddaughter?
	Was she a biological granddaughter?
	The internet exploded, at the thought of the rumors that everyone in the Dawson family had been sent to the police, they couldn't help but curse.
	Ugh!
	Serve you right.
	Natalia didn't know there was such a ruckus outside.
	Although everyone from the Dawson family was sent to the police station, Shawn was an outsider and did not directly involved in their plans after all, so he got away with it.
	At this moment, he stood in front of Natalia, looking at her with a complicated face.
	Natalia looked at the black Rolls Royce parked not far away, with the windows half open. From her angle she could happen to see the man's cold and resolute side face, which looked more and colder.
	It was now five in the morning. Fine rain fell from the sky, and the slightest cold breeze burrowed into her neck through the rain, making it a little chilly.
	Natalia clasped her arms up and gave him an impatient look.
	"Mr. Shawn, if you're here to plead for mercy, then you can shut up! You don't have that honor with me!"
	Shawn frowned and said in a deep voice.
	"I didn't come here to plead for mercy."
	"So what do you want?"
	Looking at the undisguised dislike plus impatience on her face, Shawn's already deeply frowned brow furrowed even tighter.
	“Sorry.”
	He suddenly said, with a touch of guilt on his face, "They did wrong, I'm sorry. I apologize on their behalf."
Chapter 31 He's not Wrong
	Natalia looked like she had heard a joke.
	She looked sarcastically at Shawn, "You mean that only they are wrong? You're not wrong?"
	Shawn stiffened slightly.
	He took a deep breath and explained, "I didn't know you were drugged last night, I did notice something was wrong with you at the time but didn't think of it that way. I was ready to help you at that point, but Jessica suddenly had a stomach ache and I can’t leave her alone."
	Natalia raised her eyebrows, "And then? Did she get abortion?"
	Shawn stalled for a moment, but answered in the end, "No."
	"If she didn't drop it, then how did her stomach hurt for no reason? And didn't I just see her fine? It doesn't look like there's a miscarriage either!"
	Shawn's face was slightly cold, “What do you mean?”
	Natalia let out a laugh, "Nothing, even such poor acting skills can fool you, Shawn, it seems that I overestimated you!"
	"Natalia!"
	What Shawn couldn't stand the most was the way Natalia looked down on him.
	That would remind him a lot.
	He darkened his face, gritting his teeth and saying.
	"Can you not put words in your mouth so hard? Jessica is your sister. If you don’t like her, just don't see her. Why are you so mean? You were not like this!"
	Natalia's face went cold as well.
	She sneered and looked at Shawn with an icy gaze.
	"They are so intent on harming me, and you think I am mean only because I said abortion?
	Why don't you think about what she's done to me?"
	Shawn staggered slightly.
	Finally he said coldly.
	"Didn't you end up being okay? And it may not have anything to do with Jessica!"
	Natalia laughed sarcastically and shook her head. She did not want to talk to him anymore.
	She turned in the direction of the Rolls Royce.
	However, Shawn said, "Wait!"
	Natalia paused in her steps with cold face.
	Shawn walked up and stopped a step away from her.
	The drizzle drifted between the two, like an invisible barrier separating them.
	She said in a cold voice.
	"What do you want! I don't have that much time to spend with you!"
	Shawn tightened his grip, and in the end, he asked the question that he wanted to ask the most in his heart.
	"Are you really with him?"
	Natalia understood who was referred to.
	She curled the corners of her mouth slightly and didn't turn around, but her head tilted slightly just enough for him to see her smile.
	"Yes."
	"When did you get together?"
	"None of your business."
	Shawn, "..."
	He paused for a moment and said in a deep voice.
	"Archie is not as simple as you think. He has a complicated background and is not a good match for you. You will regret being with him sooner or later!"
	Natalia grinned.
	That smile was bleak and ironic.
	"It used to be said that we were a perfect match, so what?"
	Shawn. "..."
	"Shawn, don't always make a fool of yourself and always think you're the one who understands everything, in the end you'll find out that you don't know anything!"
	She no longer bothered to tangle with him but strutted away on her high heels.
	Someone came to her with an umbrella.
	The ebony umbrella was propped above her head, respectfully.
	Someone bent down and pulled open the car door for her, and Natalia sat in with cold and reserved posture.
	Shawn stood in place, watching that car door close in puzzle.
	Suddenly he realized that he never seemed to understand this woman.
	For six whole years, he remembered her as if he was still stuck in that summer six years ago.
	The girl in a blue school uniform, with a high ponytail and a stack of exercise books in her hands, smiled sweetly at him.
	At that moment, it was as beautiful as the first spring snow.
	Then later memories were blurring.
	After Kiera had an accident, the Dawson family changed the master and she went abroad.
	She didn't seem to smile at him much anymore, and those soft sounds were gradually replaced by a cold one.
	She was like a piece of ice that won't melt for a thousand years. He had no idea what she was thinking, much less how to melt that ice.
	He stood in front of her and it looked like they were close, but they were far in heart.
	He could not touch her heart, and he preferred not to have that relationship six years ago.
	And because of that, he always felt that breaking up was the best option.
	He loved Jessica, and Jessica loved him. Natalia was nothing more than a fleeting and beautiful dream in his youth.
	It was a dream that he should had woken up a long time ago, but he had never woken her up because he couldn't bear it.
	Now it was right.
	But why was he sad now?
	While watching her get into another man's car, while watching the men treat her with respect and dignity like she was the most honored princess in the world, why did he feel panic?
	It was like a thing once occupied by him for a long time was suddenly taken away.
	There was like a broken hole, letting in a cold breeze that sent chills down the spine.
	Shawn was lost in thought as he walked back, and his phone rang.
	He picked up mechanically, the angry voice of Henry Miller was sounded.
	“What happened?
	Is Jessica and her family really that shameless?
	How dare they do something shameless?!"
	Only then did Shawn come back to his senses and said, "Dad, it's a long story. I'll explain it to you when I come back."
	......
	The black Rolls-Royce sped down the highway in the early morning.
	Inside the car, Natalia smiled at the man sitting next to her.
	Archie was a little uncomfortable by her look and gave a clear cough.
	With that, he suddenly reached out and pushed her face over.
	Natalia gave a laugh.
	"Mr. Archie, thank you for helping me today!
	I'll be sure to repay you when I get the chance."
	Archie's brows knitted slightly as he inclined his head to look at her, "What did you call me?"
	Natalia's smile faltered.
	A touch of coldness crossed under Archie's eyes, "Mrs. Mccarthy, do you need me to teach you how to address your husband?"
	Natalia.
	"..."
	She shook her head, "No."
	"Well, call me now."
	Natalia was a bit embarrassed, ''Now?
	It is embarrassing."
	Brian immediately said.
	"Young lady, I'm deaf, I can't hear you."
	Natalia, "..."
	Archie gave a cold glance at him, and Brian immediately shut his mouth, incidentally raising the middle baffle up.
	Natalia was instantly speechless.
	It was a couple of words. What was the big deal?
	He made it sound like they were doing something shameless!
	She suddenly blushed at the thought.
	No!
	What was in mind?
Chapter 32 Calling Him Husband
	Archie looked at her with a wry smile, "How's that? Can you call now?"
	Natalia coughed twice in embarrassment.
	He had been waiting, so she had to do it reluctantly.
	It took a long while before she said, "Honey."
	The sound was so low that it was probably inaudible.
	Archie raised eyebrows and brought his ear over, "What did you call me?"
	Natalia gritted her teeth, raising her voice a little, "Honey."
	"I didn't hear that."
	Natalia: ......
	Forget it. Why did she be ashamed?
	She simply threw her arms around his neck and suddenly came up to his ear and yelled, "Honey!"
	After yelling, she let him go and shrank to the other side.
	Archie was stunned.
	Turning his head, he stared at her incredulously.
	Natalia turned her face to the side, pretending to be calm.
	In fact, there was a lot of internal panic.
	Suddenly, a pleasant laugh rang in her ears.
	She was confused, thinking that this man was silly.
	She could not believe he was laughing!
	She turned to look at him curiously. Archie, holding back a smile, said.
	"I merely wanted you to call me Archie, but I didn't expect you to be so enthusiastic and call me honey, well ... since that's the case, should I call you honey too!"
	He pulled a small box out of his pocket and slipped a delicate diamond ring onto her ring finger.
	Natalia was stunned.
	Her brain was like a mass of mush and she was completely confused!
	What was going on?
	Before she could react, the man took the hand and placed it to his lips for a kiss.
	"Happy Marriage, honey!"
	Natalia, "..."
	She finally realized that she had been tricked by this man!
	A clear face burnt red with a sudden frenzy!
	He did it on purpose!
	She was so angry that she tried to take the ring off, but he held it down.
	"Honey, you can't take this thing off. It's a mark, meaning that you are my woman for this life. You can’t regret!"
	Natalia was about to cry with anger.
	"Archie, what if I want to backtrack now?"
	"Take your thoughts back!"
	Archie said domineeringly.
	Natalia wanted to cry.
	Just then, the phone suddenly rang.
	She had to withdraw her hand in hatred, thinking this man had helped her tonight.
	It was a message from Victoria.
	There was a link attached to the message, the very same link to the video that Archie had sent someone to post out.
	[Natalia, I had just seen this news, are you okay?]
	Victoria was filming night scenes these days, and apart from the occasional day off, she started work in the afternoon almost every day and didn't finish until five or six in the morning.
	Because of this, she didn't go to Jessica's birthday party.
	Natalia quickly relied to her.
	[I'm fine, don't worry.]
	[It's good that you're okay. The Dawson family went too far!
	I'm so mad at that!
	[They'll get what they deserve.]
	[Well, contact me if you need help. My assistant will keep an eye on the phone these days.]
	Natalia hooked her lips, a warm current trickling through her heart.
	She replied, [Okay, thank you, Victoria.], followed by a string of kisses and hearts emoji.
	Victoria replied with the same emoji.
	Between girlfriends, conversations always used to bring such emoji. Even through the screen they could feel each other's care and love.
	The man had a blue face.
	He hadn't meant to peek at her phones, but space in the car was limited and his eyesight was good.
	Glancing over accidentally, he saw their chat.
	The emoji of kisses and hearts made him annoyed.
	He grunted coldly and said in a deep voice.
	"Victoria? You're close to her?"
	Natalia nodded, "Well, we went to high school together, grew up together as BFFs. She's my best friend."
	"Well, How can there be any real friends in the entertainment industry? Be careful."
	Natalia frowned.
	She turned her head to him and said seriously.
	"No matter which industry, there will be false feelings and genuine feelings, you can't generalize. She hadn't entered the entertainment industry before we were close!"
	Archie gave a light hum.
	"Naive!"
	Natalia, "..."
	She was angry!
	She ignored him, took a pillow in her arms and turned her face.
	After tossing and turning all night, she was tired.
	Leaning against the car window, she had just wanted to close her eyes, but she had fallen asleep.
	There was silence in the car. Outside the windows, a line of light had risen in the sky, with the morning sun slowly blossoming out in the hazy mist.
	The road began to gradually fill up with cars, interspersed with a clamor of commuters traveling by bicycle down the street and passersby on their morning jogs.
	Archie whispered and instructed Brian to slow the car down, then took off his jacket to cover it over Natalia, before he closed his eyes and leaned back in the back seat to take a nap.
	......
	Natalia woke up in a warm embrace.
	When she opened eyes, it was going to be bright, and the sky was penetrated by a line of morning light.
	The surroundings were unfamiliar. She rubbed her eyes and looked closely before realizing that this place looked somewhat familiar. She had been here before, it seemed to be the Mccarthy Vila.
	Looking up, she met the handsome with a hard shudder.
	"Ah!"
	With a startled cry, she reacted to the fact that she was being carried across his arms and towards the house.
	"Archie, put me down!"
	Archie glanced down at her with a smile.
	“You finally wake up.”
	Natalia's face flushed slightly as she quietly glanced around and found a row of servants standing at the entrance, Brian standing to their far right and everyone with a pleased smile on their faces.
	She instantly covered her face.
	"Put me down! I can walk by myself!"
	Natalia gritted his teeth.
	Archie laughed lightly. He always respected her, so he bent down to set her down.
	"Hello, Mr. Archie!”
	Hello, Mrs. Mccarthy!
	Welcome home!
	The sound of servants startled Natalia.
	Immediately afterwards, the sound of a salute was heard.
	Bang!
	Bang!
	Bang!
	Bang!
	"..."
	It went on for a full six minutes before it stopped.
	Natalia was so frightened that she almost fell down, but luckily she had Archie to hold her in place so that she didn't lose face.
	After firing the salute, Brian came forward with a smile face.
	"Mrs. Mccarthy, how's the elaborate welcome I've prepared for you?
	Do you like it?
	Natalia had a stiff smile and looked at him, nodding with embarrassment.
	"Oh ...... Yes, I like it."
	"Good."
	After saying that, he even winked at Archie with a rewarding expression.
	Archie was in a good mood, so he naturally wouldn't be stingy and waved his hand, "Double your bonus this month!"
	"Thank you, President!"
Chapter 33 Sleeping Together
	Archie led Natalia to the row of servants and said in a deep voice.
	"This is Natalia, my wife, from now on she is the mistress of this house. You must respect her as you respect me, understand?"
	The servant responded in unison.
	“Yes.”
	Only then did Archie nod in satisfaction and lead Natalia's hand inside.
	Natalia was stunned.
	Until now, she hadn't figured it out how she had followed this man to the Mccarthy Vila.
	When she entered the bedroom, she pulled him.
	"I came here ......"
	"From now on, you'll live here."
	Archie looked at her seriously.
	Natalia's heart stuttered.
	She now knew that the marriage he said wasn't kidding.
	Archie raised his hand to summon a maid and said in a deep voice.
	"Dottie, show Mrs. Mccarthy around."
	The maid called Dottie happily came forward and responded.
	"Yes, please follow me, Mrs. Mccarthy."
	Natalia glanced at Archie, who was untying his tie and seemed intent to take a shower.
	She pursed her lips, and turned around to follow Dottie without a word.
	The house was large, with a single-family house design and a large garden outside with all kinds of exotic flowers and trees for people to enjoy.
	At the back was a lush green lawn and next to the garden was a swimming pool. The turquoise lawn and blue water were rippled by the wind in the golden morning sun.
	Natalia wandered around outside, and Dottie took her through the entire villa.
	Only then did she realize that Archie had prepared her room.
	The bedroom was shared by the two, but the study as well as the cloakroom was separate.
	Her study and cloakroom were on the third floor. The study was filled with many books, and she was surprised to find that most of the books on there were ones she liked.
	There were even a few copies among them that she had once failed to find!
	The cloakroom, covering over a hundred square feet, contained clothes, bags and shoes, all of which were the latest in the season.
	Her most favorable design, Amy's, hung a whole closet full of almost every piece!
	Natalia couldn't help but gulp.
	Seriously!
	But it was a side note to the fact that this man had long made up his mind that she would move in.
	She couldn't help but lower her eyes slightly and wondered how long the man had been preoccupied.
	Looking at the setup here, wasn’t that a little fast for three days?
	With questions in her mind, Natalia returned to bedroom on the second floor.
	Archie was taking a shower. She strolled around the bedroom with her arms folded and found that, compared to the luxurious style in the entire villa, the decoration in the bedroom was simple.
	The minimalist black, white and grey palette features a large fan of floor-to-ceiling windows to the west and a large terrace with a neatly manicured green lawn below.
	Against the wall sat a black bookshelf with mostly financial magazine and a few car magazines.
	In addition to these, there were a few small ornaments, trophies or something. One of the trophies had a picture on it.
	It was an award Archie took from the basketball competition. The man with broken hair smiled lazily. A pair of black and heavy eyes looked sharp and compelling.
	She couldn't help but smile and look closely at the name underneath the trophy.
	Basketball championship in St. John’s Universit?
	He studied there too?
	Natalia was mildly surprised.
	Five years ago, she studied there too.
	It was coincidental.
	Natalia didn't think much of it, and just then, the sound of the bathroom door opening rang out behind her.
	Archie walked out.
	He was shirtless, with only a bath towel around his waist, and that the crystal droplets of water rolling down his chest were sexy.
	Beneath his short, messy hair, a pair of deep eyes was like two swirls, as if they were trying to suck her in.
	Natalia's face stiffened, she was slightly embarrassed.
	It was as if even the air had become thinner.
	She did not know where to put her eyes.
	Seeing this, Archie stepped towards her.
	He had a towel in his hand, wiping his damp hair as he picked up the trophy she'd been staring at earlier.
	"You're looking at this?"
	“Well, Yes.”
	Natalia responded.
	As if not noticing her nervousness, Archie put the trophy down and said in a light voice.
	"I got this when I was a part-time visiting professor at a school in F Country. It's not much of a prize, but it was an interesting experience."
	Natalia was slightly taken aback.
	“Professor?”
	Archie raised his eyebrows, "What’s wrong?"
	"No, nothing."
	Ok!
	How could he study there?
	He had already taken over the Collins Group in his early twenties, and the big shots in the business said he was a talent, so it was not surprising that St. John’s Universit asked him to be a visiting professor.
	Archie gave her a deep look and asked,
	"You know this school too?"
	Natalia nodded.
	"I studied in it five years ago."
	Archie laughed.
	"That's quite a fate."
	His gaze was deep and dark, seemingly containing something unknown and complex that Natalia couldn't quite understand.
	She didn't think much of it, though, and immediately afterwards, she heard the man's low voice.
	"Want to take a shower?"
	Natalia was still a little unease with the new surroundings, and the thought of this man having used the bathroom earlier as well made her feel unease.
	And because she was embarrassed to say to use the guest bathroom, she could only shake her head.
	"So wipe my hair?"
	He handed the towel over.
	Natalia was stunned, but did not refuse.
	Taking the towel, she gently wiped his hair once he was sitting on the couch.
	The man's hair was short, yet not hard. There was something strange when her fingers crossing his hair.
	Natalia tried to restrain herself from thinking nonsense. Since she had accepted the fact that she was married to Archie and had actually enjoyed the benefits he brought her, she had to try to get used to living with him.
	After a while, the hair was wiped until it was half dry.
	Archie took the hair dryer and blew it out, and was a little amused to see that she had been standing there.
	Walking over to her, he took her hand and sat her down on the bed.
	Natalia was confused and saw him lift her leg in the next second, and couldn't help but reflexively flinch.
	"What are you doing?"
	,
	Archie's gaze deepened and he seemed to smile.
	"Mrs. Mccarthy, after a hard day and night, aren't you tired?"
	Yes, Natalia was tired.
	So she nodded.
	"Go to sleep,"
	“Now?”
	"Well, take a nap and I'll call you when it's time to get up."
	Natalia was dumbfounded as he removed the slippers from her feet. When she came back to her senses, she was already pressed down on the bed.
Chapter 34 Waiting for Him to Have Dinner
	Her body was tense, and she had the feeling of coming to a torture chamber.
	However, the man didn't do anything more.
	He changed into his pajamas and laid down next to her, then wrapped his arms around her body from behind, locking her in his arms.
	Natalia's spine stiffened.
	A faint scent of pine filled the air, and the pillows were full of the cool scent belonging to this man.
	That, coupled with the fiery warmth coming from her back, made her feel that she was surrounded by the scent of him, and that she was like a captured bird, surrounded by tightness.
	It was a good thing that Archie kept his words.
	Although circling her like this would make her uncomfortable, there was no other move.
	She was too sleepy, and at first she was able to fall asleep, but when the sound of the man's even breathing came from behind her, she felt her eyelids getting heavier and heavier, and before long, she fell into a deep sleep.
	When she woke up from a nap, it was already sunset slanting down.
	Natalia didn't expect to sleep for so long, and was startled when she woke up. It was already five o'clock in the afternoon.
	She rubbed her face, sobering up from sleep.
	Looking at the side, Archie was not there.
	She went downstairs and learnt that there was a temporary emergency at the company needed Archie to deal with.
	She asked Dottie, "What time did he leave?"
	Dottie smiled and replied.
	"He left at eleven in the morning, saying that you were tired and that we should not disturb you and let you sleep longer."
	Natalia lowered her eyes slightly.
	Eleven in the morning meant he didn't sleep long.
	Because of her, this man had not had a sound sleep from last night till now. A flash of guilt suddenly rose up in her heart.
	"Young lady, are you hungry?”
	Shall we eat now or wait for the gentleman to join us?"
	"Wait for him!"
	Natalia said, heading upstairs.
	Halfway through the walk, she rubbed her stomach and added.
	"If there's any food, send to me. I'll have some first."
	Dottie smiled and replied.
	“Ok!”
	Dottie brought her a bowl of fresh chicken soup along with a stack of small crispy cakes.
	Natalia sat cross-legged on the sofa. While eating, she read the latest news about the Dawson family on the internet.
	The Dawson family was a powerful family in J City, plus Jessica's identity, neither financial reporters nor entertainment reporters paid attention to the matter last night.
	So, as soon as she entered the internet, the latest news was published.
	However, everyone in the Dawson family had been bailed out.
	After all, Clara wasn't involved in the exact operation of plotting against Natalia.
	Despite the continued online crusade against her, the police couldn't find evidence and couldn't keep the person detained, so they had to let her go.
	But Alfred wasn't so lucky.
	According to the clues provided by Natalia, the police found the cup in which Alfred had drugged. And after the waiter's testimony, it was confirmed that Alfred had drugged it.
	The evidence of the murder was complete and Alfred was facing criminal prosecution.
	Natalia hooked her lips slightly.
	It didn't surprise her in the slightest that the Dawson family would be bailed out.
	Clara, that old fox, never left evident when she did something bad.
	Even if there was a video taken by Archie as evidence, but that video, at most, could only cause public opinion to denounce her, not as evidence of conviction.
	Because she could have said that she was threatened and had no choice but to say that.
	And in fact Archie did employ extraordinary means to threaten her.
	Thinking about it, Natalia rubbed her chin.
	She knew that the only reason why Archie had to record that video and post it was because a lot of people had seen her and Alfred getting involved last night.
	Although he saved her, most people were puzzled about her relationship with Alfred.
	Because of what happened five years ago, Natalia's reputation in J City had not been very good.
	Plus this, her reputation would be truly ruined!
	Maybe she would have to carry not only the charge of stealing, but also a charge of cheating and debauchery!
	At that point, even if she had ten mouths, she wouldn't be able to explain.
	Throughout the ages, there was no excuse for wanting to do this!
	And Archie had obviously figured out Clara's thoughts a long time ago.
	So he forced her to say the nasty things she had done herself and then recorded it on video!
	It had proven to be very effective.
	The online opinion was now almost entirely in favor of Natalia, although there are a few ones who thought that the Dawson family was right.
	But it was only a drop in the ocean and completely negligible!
	And the Dawson family's stock dropped because of what happened last night!
	There are a few that have clearly been rising well and are old established industries that have been sailing along for so many years that it's reasonable to assume that something like last night was just a family scandal and shouldn't have such a big impact.
	But it still fell hard, going from all in the red to all in the green overnight.
	After a moment's thought, Natalia understood who made it.
	She hooked her lips slightly, fumbled for her phone, and made a call out.
	Mccarthy Group.
	Archie was in a meeting.
	The atmosphere in the meeting room was tense, with all the top brass of the branch present, all staring nervously at the big man sitting in the main seat.
	Suddenly, the phone buzzed and vibrated twice.
	Everyone changed their faces at once, looking at each other with bewildered expressions.
	Immediately afterwards, the president sitting in the main seat suddenly pull out his mobile phone from his pocket, glanced at it, and then his taut face immediately turned like spring snow, the corners of his mouth slightly curled up. He announced that the meeting was suspended and got up to walk out.
	Everyone was stunned at once.
	He used to hate to be disturbed when he was in a meeting.
	Let alone a phone call, even a message could make him barge into a rage.
	But what was going on today?
	Not only did the president answer the phone, but he called a time out when the meeting was in the thick of it?
	Everyone instantly turned their curious gazes towards Brian.
	Brian took a seat on the side and cleared his throat at the sight.
	"Uh ...... there's been a big deal recently. The president is talking business!"
	It dawned on the crowd.
	If the president's special assistant, who could handle tens of billions of dollars without changing his face, called it a big deal, then the deal must be very big indeed.
	No wonder the president was flexible, even changing the principle of not answering the phone in meetings for the other party!
	The president was great!
	The senior members of the crowd silently raised a surge of admiration for Archie in their hearts.
	On the other hand, talking "big business".
	Archie stopped in the corridor and picked up the phone.
	“You finally wake up.”
	Natalia was embarrassed, "Yes, didn't you say you would wake me up?
	How come you let me sleep until now?"
	Archie smiled lightly and his gaze was gentle, "Sorry, I got busy and forgot about it."
	Natalia paused for a moment and suddenly asked.
	"What time will you be back?"
	“What?”
	"I'm ...... waiting for you for dinner!"
	She sounded awkward, like she was not used to talk like this, but still it couldn't hide the concern in that tone.
	It was time to eat and rest after a hard day's work!
Chapter 35 Phone Rang in Meeting
	Archie curled his lips, and even his ever sparse eyebrows were tinted with a smirk.
	“Ok, I'll be back in a few minutes.”
	"Bye then."
	"Bye."
	After hanging up the phone, he looked at the phone with a pleasant smile.
	The sun was sinking, with the golden light spilling from the horizon to the earth, as if ferrying a warm glow to the world, even the heart was wrapped in warmth.
	He put his phone away, turned around and walked into the conference room.
	The executives were waiting for him. The marketing manager standing in front of the projector was about to continue to report on the plan, but was interrupted by Archie raising his hand.
	"All right, we are all tired today, the meeting will be held here first. Revise the proposal I pointed out and show me tomorrow morning. That's it, adjourn the meeting!"
	He said, striding off in the lead.
	The top brass were stunned.
	What was going on?
	Was this the end of the meeting?
	In the past, whenever Archie notified a meeting, it would be held until 9 o'clock in the night.
	Even 12 o’clock!
	Why was it so early today?
	It was only after 5:00 p.m., boss!
	Not only the top brass of the crowd, but Brian was slightly shocked.
	When Archie went out to answer the phone just now, he accidentally glanced at the caller ID on his phone screen and knew that it was Natalia calling.
	And yet, he didn't expect she'd be so attractive!
	She made his boss, who was always known as a workaholic, even left his job just to come home and have dinner with her.
	Brian silently decided in his mind to change his strategy from now on!
	It didn't matter how well he served the boss, he had to serve the boss's wife well!
	......
	After calling Archie, Nataliamade a call to Clara.
	The Dawson family was in a state of depression at this time.
	Shawn had already been called back by Henry, so he wasn't there. In the living room sat Clara and Jessica, as well as Philip and his wife.
	The room was silent and no one spoke.
	Therefore, when the phone rang, it was abrupt and jarring.
	Clara gave an impatient glance at David Wong, the butler, who hurriedly walked over to pick it up.
	A few seconds later, he trotted back and whispered.
	"Old Lady, it's Miss Natalia."
	Clara sneered.
	"She has the nerve to call back!"
	David Wong lowered his head and didn't dare to speak.
	Jessica timidly said in a soft voice.
	"Grandma, could it be that she realized she went too far and called to apologize?"
	Philip cursed angrily, ''She thought that an apology would work?
	Can she afford to pay for all the damage to the company?"
	Clara listened to Jessica's words, but her gaze flickered.
	And she got up and walked over to answer the phone.
	“What is it?”
	Across the line, Natalia hooked her lips.
	"Old Lady Dawson, has it been a good day?"
	Clara's face was gloomy and she said in a cold voice.
	"You don't have to call and mock me. The Dawson family has lost face though, as a member of the Dawson family, you lost your face too!"
	“Really? I'm a little surprised that in your mind, I'm still considered a member of the Dawson family!"
	The obviously sarcastic words caused Clara's throat to lump.
	Something was about to spill out of her mouth.
	But she suppressed it and said in a deep voice
	“Could you get to the point?”
	"It is about a legacy of my mother. The original condition was that I had to wait until I got married before I could inherit it, now that I'm married, isn't it time for you to give it back to me too?"
	Clara's gaze flickered slightly.
	She did not refuse, but said coldly.
	"When do you want it?"
	"Naturally, the sooner the better."
	"The day after tomorrow at the earliest. The notary's lawyer isn't in J City right now, and I need to inform him."
	“No Problem!”
	The conversation was cut off at this point and there was silence on the phone.
	Just as Natalia was about to hang up, Clara suddenly sighed.
	"Natalia, I know that the resentment you have built up against me and against the Dawson family over these five years. I admit that I was the one who had a lack of consideration in this matter.
	But I'm your grandmother anyway, and they're your father and sister. You can hate us, that's our own family business, but how can you unite the outsiders against us?"
	Natalia laughed abruptly at those words.
	"Old Lady Dawson, when you first approached Alfred to discuss setting me up together, did you ever think that we were families?"
	Clara, "..."
	"If you're trying to play the affection card with me and get me to persuade Archie to let you guys go, I'm sorry, I can't do it."
	"You--"
	Clara's face turned red with anger and she gritted her teeth and whispered.
	"This is your mother's property too! Can you really bear to see them destroyed by someone?"
	Natalia's tone was suddenly cold.
	"Since you know that it belonged to my mother, you should return it to me! Otherwise, I won't make it easy for you!"
	When she finished, she cut the phone off violently.
	Clara covered her chest, breathing heavily and blushing furiously.
	Seeing this, Jessica rushed forward to hold her in place, exclaiming,
	"Grandma, are you okay?"
	Aleena also rushed forward and together they helped her to sit down on the sofa, and took the medicine to her.
	Clara's face improved a bit at that.
	She leaned hard on her crutches with a pained look on her face, "This sinner!"
	Philip had just heard what was on the phone and asked worriedly,
	"Mom, what do we do now?"
	Clara shook her head, with her face full of fatigue.
	"Don't ask me, I don't know right now, let's wait and see!"
	......
	Natalia was in a great mood after hanging up the phone.
	It was estimated that Archie was almost home, so she went downstairs.
	It was now six in the afternoon. As soon as she came downstairs, she saw a black Rolls Royce pulling up in front of the courtyard.
	Su Mu opened the car door for him and the man stepped out of the car in the twilight, the sunset spread out behind him, enveloping his slender body in a thin golden glow, looking like a god.
	Archie's arm held a jacket. She stood in the doorway, wearing a housecoat and showing a smile.
	“Waiting for me?”
	He came over to her and reached out to rub her head.
	Natalia stiffened slightly, somewhat unaccustomed to his intimate manner.
	So stepping back slightly to avoid it, she said,
	"I came out to see the sunset."
	Archie's smile deepened.
	Seeing sunsets in gazebo was much better.
	Only smiling, he rubbed her hair before bending down to change his shoes.
	After changing into his slippers, he took her hand by the hand and headed inside.
	Dinner had been ready. It was Natalia's first meal in the Mccarthy Vila, and it was rich.
Chapter 36 His Wife
	She silently glanced at the dishes on the table, and most of them were her favorite foods.
	The books in the study, the clothes in the cloakroom, and the dishes were her favoroute.
	But the man didn't say something, so she pretended she didn't know it.
	During the meal, in keeping with the rule of eating without talking, neither man spoke.
	It wasn't until after dinner that she went for a walk in the garden, swiping her phone to catch up on the new entertainment news today.
	A pine scent suddenly came from behind.
	She was slightly stunned, and when she turned her head, she saw Archie standing behind her.
	"Don't look at your phone when you walk."
	He said, reaching out and snatching her phone away.
	Natalia suddenly stepped on a stone, suddenly stumbling and falling to the side.
	"Ah!"
	A short cry of alarm.
	The expected pain didn't come as the man scooped her up by the waist and easily brought her into his arms.
	"See?"
	He lectured her with a stern face.
	Natalia was awkward with a burst of red face, but she could not retort.
	She glared at him and said in a vicious voice,
	"Uncle, don't take advantage of girls since you know you're an old man, let go!"
	Said she, struggling.
	The arms placed around her waist, however, did not loosen, but instead circled tighter and tighter.
	Archie laughed and whispered.
	"Why are you angry?
	What kind of taking advantage is it when I hug my wife?"
	Natalia glared.
	The man let go of his hand in surrender.
	"Well, well, I was wrong to take advantage of you. Since you mind it, why don't you take advantage of me?"
	He said, leaning over, indicating that she could put an arm around his waist.
	Natalia was furious.
	This man was shameless!
	She turned around in a huff and left, and Archie, realizing that she was really angry, hastily pulled her back.
	He was softly coaxing.
	"I am just kidding! Are you really angry?"
	Natalia ignored him.
	Archie said in a serious manner.
	"I have serious thing to tell you."
	Natalia glanced at him slightly.
	Noticing that he didn't look like he was joking, she said, "What is it?"
	"Didn't you say you wanted to see Stephen Rogers before?
	He's already in the country, so I'll arrange for you to meet tomorrow at noon!"
	Natalia thought about it and agreed.
	She looked at Archie, with her eyebrows furrowed lightly, and said seriously.
	"Archie, although I appreciate what you've done for me, I'm a man of principle.
	If Stephen was indeed wrongly accused, I could help him clear his name, salvage his reputation, and even help him get to the next level, but if what the other side accused was all true,
	I'm sorry, even if he was your cousin, I wouldn't help him!"
	Archie looked at her with a smile, ''So principled?
	Protect the weak?"
	Natalia gave him a blank look.
	"Don’t take me for a Madonna!"
	She paused and said in a deep voice.
	"I just think that someone who is truly of bad character and not willing to correct himself, even if I help him this time, he will do it another time. There can't always be someone to follow him around and wipe his ass, sooner or later he will get into other troubles.
	If that's the case, then why waste any more energy on him?
	It's not hard to get into entertainment. What's hard is to maintain a good image, which requires not only the ability of the PR team, but also his own cooperation."
	Archie thought about it and nodded slightly.
	"Well, you're quite right."
	After a pause, he added.
	"But don't worry, he's not the kind of person you think he is, you'll see when you meet him tomorrow."
	"OK"
	The next day at noon, Natalia did meet Stephen.
	Archie specially asked Brian to book a private room in a high-end restaurant near Mccarthy Group and asked Stephen to have dinner with them.
	When they arrived, Stephen was already there.
	When he saw the two men enter, he hurriedly got up and greeted Archie with a smile.
	"Archie, you're here."
	When he saw Natalia following behind Archie, he was surprised.
	Archie had indeed confided in him before that he would introduce someone to him today, and that he would leave all his PR work to this person later.
	But he never thought it would be a woman!
	His cousin was a woman insulator!
	It was a miracle that a woman would be brought out today!
	Stephen's gaze immediately became different, and he even squeezed his eyes ambiguously towards Archie.
	Archie turned blind eyes on that.
	When the three of them were seated, Stephen said with a smile,
	"Archie, who is this beautiful woman?
	Introduce her to me!"
	Archie swept his cold eyes at him and said in a deep voice,
	"Behave yourself!
	This is your sister-in-law!"
	"What?"
	Stephen stared in disbelief.
	He almost suspected his hearing was faulty. Sister-in-law?
	Was his cousin married?
	Natalia was embarrassed and gave a clear cough, "Well, let's get to the point!"
	"There's no rush, let's eat first."
	How could Archie let his wife be starving for work?
	Natalia agreed, after all, there was no rush for this moment.
	Stephen had a hard time and finally recovered to his sense.
	He looked at Archie with a smile.
	"Archie, do you find a temporary actor to fool your grandpa?
	Don't worry, I won't tell him, so you don't have to fool me."
	Archie gave him a cool stare.
	"Stephen, is your skin itching again?"
	Stephen: ......
	He was confused.
	"Archie, everyone knows you're not interested in women?
	Don't worry,
	I'm open-minded and would never discriminate against you for liking men, I ...... ah!
	"Archie!"
	Why did you hit me?"
	Archie grabbed a teacup and threw it over.
	Natalia was laughing with joy next to him.
	Because of his handsome looks, Stephen had a melancholic prince image to the outside world, especially his deep eyes, dignified and melancholic, as if they could talk, without having to open his mouth, he has naturally captured a large number of young girls' hearts.
	Natalia had always thought that if he could maintain this image on screen for so many years, the private Stephen shouldn't be the same.
	But she didn't realize that it was different.
	He was funny!
	Seeing her smile so happily, Archie's ink pupils were slightly deep, and the hostility on his face finally subsided a bit.
	His slender fingers tapped the tabletop and said in a cold voice.
	"If you keep talking nonsense, I'll have someone take a needle and sew your mouth shut?"
Chapter 37 What She's Trying to Do
	Stephen flinched and made a quick motion to pull his mouth shut, sitting back obediently.
	Archie grunted coldly.
	After a while, Stephen looked at the two people in front of him and finally didn't hold back.
	Curiously, he asked,
	"Archie, when did you get married?
	How come I don't even know?"
	Archie didn't even bother to look at him.
	"Do I have to report to you first to get married?"
	"No, huh."
	Stephen smiled awkwardly, "Your grandpa has been looking forward to this for so many years, he must be happy."
	Archie's ink pupils darkened slightly and he didn't say anything.
	Naturally, Natalia wouldn't interfere in such matters.
	After all, her situation with Archie was rather special. And she wasn't ready to meet the the Mccarthy family right now, but it was impossible to say all this to Stephen.
	So, she could only remain silent.
	When Stephen saw that none of them said anything, he was puzzled, but he couldn't ask more questions.
	The food soon was served. After finishing the meal, Archie had the dishes removed and a pot of clear tea served.
	Natalia took a sip of tea before asking,
	“Come on,
	Tell me the real story specifically."
	As soon as they got to the point, Stephen immediately became serious.
	It was not really that complicated.
	It was nothing more than the relationship between a man and a woman.
	Stephen had a girlfriend before, but he was an idol and currently on the rise in his career, so he had been in an underground relationship that had not been made public.
	This girl was cooperative before and the two even had a very sweet time.
	But starting about six months ago, the two became constantly fighting.
	The girls started asking him for large amounts of money, and not being a stingy one, Stephen gave her almost every time.
	But he noticed that the girls' whereabouts began to get weird and her temper became eccentric and irritable, often lashing out at him.
	On several occasions, even when he was filming, or preparing for a performance, she snapped.
	She also threatened him that if he didn't appear in front of her immediately, she would immediately expose their relationship and ruin his career.
	Stephen had no choice but to give up the show and go forward to appease his girlfriend.
	Because of this, he lost several endorsements during this time, and the crew even broke the news that he was playing a big-time strike.
	But it was not the truth.
	He was helpless.
	Stephen had always thought that the other party was tossing and turning like this, probably because the underground relationship made her insecure, and that if he gave more, the situation would definitely get better.
	But to his surprise, half a month ago, the woman suddenly broke up with him.
	Stephen was tired after being tossed around for so long.
	Not only was he tired, but even the agency team had a big problem with this girl.
	Now, seeing how determined she was, he agreed.
	After the breakup, Stephen devoted all his energy to his work.
	But the news suddenly break one day that this girl openly accused him on Twitter of cheating, domestic violence, and scamming $10 million from her and refusing to return it!
	Stephen: ？？？？？
	What was going on?
	Stephen immediately called the girl, but found out she had long since blacklisted him.
	The company issued a clarification announcement on his behalf at the first opportunity, but to little effect.
	After all, the audience liked to watch fun.
	Especially for popular male celebrities.
	It was easy to give certain psychologically shady loser keyboard warriors an inexplicable sense of superiority and pleasure.
	Look!
	This guy was unreliable, and it was true!
	The internet was abuzz with curses.
	In a few days, the girl released a few more photos online.
	The pictures were her bruised body.
	She identified on Twitter that these were all caused by Stephen, and also recorded a recording detailing his beating.
	The story quickly went viral, being several hot searches for days.
	# Stephen hit and cheated on his ex-girlfriend #
	Several buzzwords have come up that have crushed the reputation of this male artist who was on the rise.
	Soon after, all endorsements and commercial activities were suspended for safety and other reasons.
	Even a play that was being filmed had been temporarily suspended.
	Although he was Archie's cousin, this relationship was less known within the company.
	It was even less likely that the internet would be impressed with him because of their relationship.
	Therefore, Stephen was upset.
	The only way was to find this girl and confront her face to face.
	But for a whole half month, he, as well as the company team, tried every possible way to find out her whereabouts but failed.
	It was as if the incident was premeditated and the girls were like evaporated after sending those messages.
	Stephen had no choice but to send someone to look for her, while trying to find a more senior publicist to stabilize the current situation.
	Natalia fell into silence after listening to Stephen's words.
	She didn't say anything. And the man had left the matter entirely in her hands, so naturally he would not say a word.
	Stephen stared at her nervously.
	"Is it difficult?"
	Natalia glanced at him with a smile, "What do you think?"
	Stephen showed a gloomy face.
	Yes!
	If it was not difficult, so why hadn't it been resolved by now?
	Natalia saw his depressed look and laughed.
	"Because she has never showed up and made no more action, even if we have more strength, it is like a punch on cotton, it will not work, so you have to find her, and it can be solved."
	Stephen frowned.
	"I know, but she was like fucking evaporated. Where can I find her?"
	Archie stared at him with cold eyes, "Watch your mouth!"
	It was only then that Stephen remembered that the person in front of him was not only his PR person, but also his sister-in-law.
	He smiled, "Sorry, sister-in-law, I'm dry-tempered and prone to misuse my mouth!
	Sorry, I am sorry.”
	Natalia didn't care and smiled.
	"Actually, I've been thinking a question."
	"What's it?"
	"Most people make trouble for two reasons, either for the money or for the person. It's natural that your ex-girlfriend would not think of renewing her relationship with you after having put you in such a situation.
	But until today, she hasn't contacted you much less asked you for a penny, so what is she trying to achieve by framing you?"
	Stephen was stunned.
	Archie curled his lips and gave the woman an approving look.
	This question had actually occurred to him.
	It had only been kept quiet, waiting for Natalia to find out for himself.
Chapter 38 Once Glorious
	As it turned out, his woman was smart.
	Natalia picked up her cup and took a sip of tea, saying in a light voice.
	"You get someone to check this out for you first, and I'll find a way to help you with the rest."
	Stephen nodded.
	Upon being reminded by Natalia, he realized the fishy nature of the matter and hastily called his agent to look into the issue.
	After he made the call, Natalia continued.
	"Next I'll go over my plan and you'll see if there's anything you want to change or add."
	Stephen nodded, "Well, go ahead."
	Natalia gave a general overview of the plan to the two, and both of them agreed.
	Stephen was happy as if he had found a lifeline.
	After all, this case had been dragging on for half a month, and no viable solution had been found.
	The plan of Natalia's was only sketched out, but it felt perfect.
	The three of them came out of the restaurant and parted at the door.
	Natalia didn't go with Archie, after all, it was already late and he had to go back to work.
	And she had driven herself over, so she didn't need a ride. After parting, she drove off on her own.
	Natalia didn't go straight back to the Mccarthy Vila.
	She drove back to her small apartment.
	Although she had now promised Archie to live over there, she still had a lot of her own household items sitting here.
	Archie was thoughtful for her, but she felt comfortable to use her own stuff, so naturally she had to take them over.
	After packing up her things, she was about to go out with her suitcase. She suddenly accidentally glanced at a box placed in the corner of the sofa out of the corner of her eye.
	The box was black, with a superior texture and a black velvet cover wrapped around the outside.
	She paused, turned back around and opened the box.
	A well-textured men's shirt was in there.
	That was a birthday present she bought for Shawn.
	Originally, she wanted to give him on his birthday, but unfortunately, before she could wait for that date, she had crashed his adulterous affair with Jessica in advance.
	Thinking about it, Natalia smiled to herself.
	In just a few days, she'd gone from being sad and upset at the mention of the man to being numb and unfeeling now.
	People!
	They all changed.
	Natalia put the box back, but after thinking about it, she put it in her suitcase.
	After all, it cost a fortune, over $100,000!
	It was a shame to leave such a high grade item here. She preferred to sell it and get some money back.
	She dragged the case out the door.
	After going downstairs, she put her suitcase in the car and drove towards the Mccarthy Vila.
	After returning to the Mccarthy Vila, she shut herself into her room and started working on Stephen's PR plan.
	What she told him at lunch today was just a sketched plan. The specifics were not done in great detail because she didn't know enough about the actual situation.
	Now, she had to refine the plan in more detail.
	After making the plan, Natalia sent the document to Stephen.
	The two had already added WeChat at noon. After Natalia sent the document over, Stephen didn't reply. He was probably busy, so she put down her phone and went downstairs.
	It was now six o'clock in the afternoon.
	It was time for Archie to come back.
	The tantalizing aroma of food came from the kitchen. Natalia stretched out and wandered around outside before returning to the living room.
	The sound of a car engine came from outside.
	Knowing that it was Archie who had returned, Natalia walked out and saw the man get out of the car.
	He was dressed in a white shirt, with his suit jacket slung over his arm.
	Dottie ran out from the kitchen at the sound.
	Seeing him, she greeted with a smile,
	"Mr. Archie, you are back!"
	Archie nodded slightly, with his gaze falling on Natalia and a warm smile tinting the bottom of his eyes.
	He reached out and hooked his arm around the woman's waist and led her inside.
	"You always stand at the door waiting for me every day, it'll make me think you've fallen in love with me.”
	The man's voice was so low that only the two of them could hear it.
	Natalia, however, blushed and reach out to push him away.
	"Don't flatter yourself. I just came down for a walk and happened to run into you coming back."
	"You watched sunset yesterday and walked today. Mrs. Mccarthy, it seems we're meant to be together!”
	What a coincidence."
	Natalia,
	"..."
	She simply stopped arguing with him and turned to head for the dining table.
	Archie smiled.
	After dinner he went into his study and seemed to be busy.
	Natalia didn't bother him either.
	She had her own things to deal with.
	Among the three companies that were previously the Miller family’s, two of them had already been sold, leaving Xunghui Culture, the entertainment company.
	She kept the company because she was in PR herself.
	She had always wanted to set up her own company, but it was too complicated to build a team on an ad hoc basis, and it just so happened that such an opportunity was put in front of her, so naturally she gladly accepted it.
	Natalia hadn't gone to the company to check out the situation yet, having only gotten a general idea of the company from outside sources before.
	When signing the transfer papers, Henry had already had the company's information handed over to her.
	It was only after Natalia had read it carefully that she realized that the company's current situation was worse than she had imagined.
	No one would have transferred this company if it hadn't gotten to a very bad and unviable state of operation.
	Founded nearly forty years ago, Xunghui Culture was considered a very famous and large entertainment company in the early days of the country.
	There was a time when it was even considered a benchmark for the entire entertainment industry, not only producing a large number of superstars, but also personally creating dozens of films and television productions of extraordinary impact.
	It stood to reason that such an old company shouldn't be in the mess it was today.
	But the truth was, since the beginning of the decade, Xunghui Culture had gradually begun to lose ground as then ace publicist Julia switched careers to become an agent, taking with her a large number of then first-tier superstars.
	Julia had taken away three batches of artists, all of whom were key training targets. It was a great hit.
	And all of these people were willing to go with Julia because of the harsh conditions and extremely low pay of the contract they signed with Xunghui Culture at the time.
	So most of them were willing to pay a large termination fee and left.
	Although Xunghui Culture's revenue had multiplied in a short period of time, a company drained of blood was like a walking corpse that could only decline day by day.
	Because of the changing industry and the rapidly rising peers, Xunghui Culture became smaller and smaller.
	To this day, the entertainment empire that originally represented an era had only small artists muddling through the 18th line.
	The resources were even worse.
	For over a whole year, it hasn't received any of the better resources for the company's artists.
Chapter 39 The Desire to Cover up
	All of them were some crappy jobs that someone didn't want.
	Seeing this, Natalia breathlessly rubbed his forehead.
	It was surprised that these ten people were actually willing to stay this company.
	She put the information away and made a brief summary in her notebook before closing it and getting up.
	Stretching out, she looked to the wall clock and noticed that it was already 10:30 in the night.
	The time went by!
	Natalia headed out the door.
	As she passed through the hallway, she heard the sound of someone talking in the study, and upon closer listening, it seemed like a meeting was taking place.
	Natalia ignored it and went downstairs to drink milk before returning to the bedroom and taking her clothes to talk a shower.
	Dottie happened to come up, saw her suitcase in the bedroom and asked,
	"Mrs. Mccarthy, do you need me to pack this suitcase for you?"
	Natalia thought it was some daily necessities, so she nodded, "Ok, thank you!"
	"You're welcome, Mrs. Mccarthy."
	Natalia handed the suitcase to Dottie and went into the bathroom.
	There was a whole set of brand new toiletries in the bathroom, her favorite brand and smell, all of which Archie had ordered in advance to be prepared for her.
	After Natalia had finished her shower, she was ready to get dressed, but she accidentally slipped on her feet while reaching for her pajamas.
	By the time she hurried to stand up against the wall, she realized that her pajamas had accidentally fallen to the water-soaked floor and were all wet.
	Natalia carried the wet pajamas, confused.
	How bad it was!
	She actually fell down when she was to get dressed?
	Well now she could not put on this pajama.
	But she came in with this one, she couldn't go out with just a towel wrapped around her!
	Natalia was chagrined for a moment, and just then, a light footstep came from outside.
	Natalia naturally assumed it was Dottie who was still out there, and called out.
	"Dottie, could you please bring in a set of pajamas for me?
	I dropped my pajamas on the floor and got them wet."
	Outside, Archie's footsteps lurched and his gaze was cast in the direction of the bathroom.
	The frosted glass was not so transparent, but it still shadowed the silhouette of a woman, with slender and beautiful curse.
	His ink pupils deepened slightly as he casually set down the papers, and then walked over to the closet and opened the door.
	It was full of women's clothes.
	These clothes, naturally, were not brought by Natalia, but those that Archie had ordered to be prepared in advance.
	Not only here, but there was a dedicated one hundred square foot cloakroom on the third floor, with full of things she could use.
	He had always been nice to his woman in this regard.
	Archie picked a black silk with same-colored lace trim halter pajama dress from the many pajamas of different styles and styles and headed for the bathroom.
	Without speaking, he curled his fingers and tapped on the door, and it opened a hair's breadth from the inside.
	The heat was dense and spilling outward, and a thin fair arm was stretched out as if it still carried a hint of moisture.
	The beautiful skin could be seen.
	Archie's adam’s apple couldn't help but roll.
	His black eyes were deep. Almost instantly, he felt his body reacted.
	Natalia stretched out her arms and was puzzled when she didn't receive her clothes.
	"Dottie, did you get it for me?"
	Only then did he hand her the pajamas.
	Almost the next second she received her pajamas, the woman pulled her hand back and the bathroom door was once again closed.
	While Natalia changed her clothes, she thought Dottie was a bit strange today.
	She was enthusiastic a moment ago, but now she did not say a word.
	But she didn't think much of it, after all, she was new and didn't know her well, so maybe that was how she was characterized.
	After Natalia had changed, she realized that she had brought herself a halter-night dress.
	The silk material was smooth and skin-friendly against the skin. The skirt only reached the thigh root, the whole back was semi-transparent lace design, in which the sexy and seductive waistline could be seen.
	She looked at herself in the mirror and her face became red.
	Dottie ......
	How could she bring her such clothes!
	And she didn't remember bringing such a dress with her!
	Natalia bit her lip and tugged at the skirt on her body, finding that no matter how much she tugged, the places that exposed still couldn't be covered.
	Especially the back.
	How could she go out dressed like this?
	But at this time, asking Dottie to bring in another set of clothes would seem a bit too troublesome and pretentious.
	Thinking of it, she was ready to stop bothering her, letting her hair down and draping it over her shoulders, covering part of her bare skin, before pushing the door open with her arms folded and sneaking out.
	The bedroom was somewhat dime, with only two orange wall sconces on, the same as when she had come into the bathroom earlier.
	So, the man hadn't come back yet?
	Realizing this, Natalia's heart fluttered with joy, and she then hurriedly stepped on small steps and quickly ran towards the closet.
	Just then, a low male voice suddenly sounded behind her.
	“What are you doing there?”
	Natalia's spine stiffened.
	The hand that reached out to open the closet froze in mid-air.
	She turned back and saw Archie sitting on a sofa in the corner, with his slender legs folded together.
	He was still wearing the white shirt with the cuffs untied and the sleeves pulled halfway up, revealing half of his slender arms with a lazy and homely air, completely different from his indifferent and cold and noble appearance in the daytime.
	One of his hands was half propped on the arm of the sofa, resting on his forehead, and next to him on the low table was a red wine glass with a small remnant of wine in it.
	Natalia stiffened for a few seconds, then smiled awkwardly.
	"When did you, when did you get back?"
	Archie looked at her, not moving.
	"Just now."
	"Where's Dottie?"
	"She's out."
	“Ok.”
	The atmosphere was somewhat stagnant, even awkward.
	Archie's gaze fell on her, with his pupils darkening.
	The woman's body was undoubtedly superb, and her skin was like solid white jade. He had experienced the feeling of touching it as if it were fine silk milk that would break with a little pressure.
	And if it was the alcohol or something else, he somehow thought the temperature seemed a little warmer tonight.
	There was some dryness in his throat, and a dull ache was in somewhere of his body.
	Archie didn't say anything else, and Natalia didn't know what to say.
	Her whole body shrank inward a bit, unease.
	It was especially unease to feel the man's gaze on her the whole time, as if he had let a million ants crawl on her.
	She resisted the urge to run away and tugged her skirt down.
Chapter 40 He's a Goblin
	Finally, forcing herself to calm down, she said.
	"A minute, I'll put on a shirt."
	With that, she opened the closet and started rummaging.
	Archie was here, so she did not say she wanted to change a pajama, lest he felt she deliberately wore such sexy pajamas.
	It was true that the dress wasn't what she was going to wear, but he didn't know that.
	Natalia quickly found a matching bathrobe from the closet and put it on.
	The robe fit well, up to her knees in length. With the waist tied and her breasts covered, she felt a little safer.
	Archie didn't say anything the whole time, just that his pupils were dark, and the remnants of wine in his cup had been drained.
	"Done?"
	Natalia nodded.
	"Then go to sleep!"
	He stood up, walked over to the bed and suddenly began to undress.
	Natalia's eyelids popped.
	“What are you doing?”
	Archie looked at her fussed look and frowned slightly, "Go to sleep."
	Natalia realized that her reaction was a bit too much and forced a smile.
	"Well, would you like to take a shower first?"
	Archie looked at her for a moment and paused.
	“Sure!”
	He turned and went into the bathroom.
	Natalia finally sighed in relief and closed her eyes, as if her whole body relaxed with the man's departure, dropping herself onto the bed.
	Just then, however, there was a sudden sound of a man's voice in the bathroom.
	"Honey, help me with my pajamas."
	Natalia,
	"..."
	Why didn’t he bring clothes to the shower?
	She had no choice but to get up slowly to get his pajamas.
	The men's clothes were kept in a second compartment in the closet.
	Compared to her dazzling clothes, Archie's clothes were much more monotonous.
	They were uniform black, white and grey, interspersed with a few other colours, even the pyjamas are the most minimalist dark grey.
	She took one and walked over to the bathroom door and knocked on it.
	The door opened quickly, only unlike earlier when she had opened it only a crack, this time it was fully open.
	Fully open.
	Archie stood there naked, dripping water all over his body. His hands still wrapped in the foam of shampoo on his head.
	Droplets of water slid down that well-muscled chest, past his abs, and rolled down to that zone of sensual majesty.
	Natalia's pupils instantly dilated.
	"Ah!"
	With a short gasp, she covered her mouth just in time.
	The next second, she threw the clothes over, "Bang!"
	A sound slammed the door shut.
	"Archie!
	Why aren't you wearing any clothes?"
	Archie: ...... ？？？？
	A man's voice came from the bathroom, "Honey, I'm taking a shower, why do I need to get dressed?"
	Natalia, "..."
	Ah !
	It was going crazy!
	She swore that the man did it on purpose!
	What an exhibitionist!
	Inside the bathroom, the man hooked his lips wordlessly.
	Looking at the pajamas in his hands, he said nothing, put them on the rack and continued with the shower.
	Natalia returned to the bedroom and sat on the bed, still feeling the warmth surging up from her chest after a long time.
	Images of what she had just seen kept flashing through her mind.
	She found herself shamefully having that hint of appreciation.
	Ugh!
	Ugh!
	Ugh!
	This man is a goblin. Hold on!
	Gotta hold it on!
	But the more she thought about it, the more that sexy and seductive image lingered in her mind, and she couldn't get rid of it.
	Natalia covered her face.
	It was annoyed.
	It didn't take long for Archie to finish his shower and come out.
	The dark gray robe on him was originally a very homely style, but probably because this man was tall and long-legged with the most standard kind of broad-shouldered and narrow-waisted body, so it was just a simple robe, but it was actually fashionable on him.
	Two long, firm calves were exposed, and at a glance, they were surprisingly sexy.
	Natalia once again wondered if her fixation was getting worse!
	Uncomfortably, she averted her gaze and turned to pull up the covers and pretend to sleep in an attempt to hide her blush and embarrassment.
	The lights in the room dimmed, leaving only a single wall lamp in the corner.
	Looking from a distance, it was like a cooked egg yolk in the darkness, giving a warm and down-to-earth feeling.
	The mattress collapsed slightly and the man lay down.
	She was tense, but luckily Archie didn't make any other moves. He respected her, so did he last night. Except for sleeping under the same blanket, he had always acted like a gentleman and never overstepped.
	Natalia gradually put her mind down. His eyelids got heavier and heavier, and it wasn't long before she fell into a deep sleep.
	The next day, Clara called her early in the morning, saying the lawyer who had notarized her mother's remains was found and asking her to go straight to the bank at ten in the morning.
	When she left the house, Archie was not at ease with her being alone, and specially sent Brian to accompany her.
	Natalia didn't refuse his kind offer and agreed.
	When the two arrived at the bank, the Dawson family hadn't arrived yet, but the lawyer had arrived.
	The lawyer, surnamed Brown, used to be Kiera's college classmate, and was trusted by Kiera because of the layer of relationship, which was why something as important as the relic was given to him for safekeeping.
	Natalia met with him and said a few words.
	She was curious and asked.
	"Lawyer Brown, what exactly is the thing my mother left?
	Why not just give it to me instead of waiting until after I'm married?"
	It was the question she had been most curious about for years, but she never found the answer.
	Lawyer Brown smiled, "Honestly, I don't know, but I guess there must be a reason!
	As for what's inside ...... you'll find out later."
	Seeing that he was unwilling to say more, Natalia couldn't force it.
	After ten minutes, the Dawson family arrived as well.
	After what happened at the birthday party, the Dawson family's hatred for Natalia had seeped into their bones.
	So it was still quite a surprise to her that they were so cooperative and willing to return her mother's relics.
	But Natalia didn't say anything more, and the group got the safe as per the prior appointment.
	It was finally opened by Clara's own hands under the notarization of Lawyer Brown.
	What was lying in the safe was neither a large check nor real estate cash.
	Instead, it was an antique-looking necklace.
	Everyone froze for a moment.
	Natalia was also a bit taken aback.
	She vaguely remembered seeing the necklace once as a child, but couldn't remember exactly, only that her mother seemed to cherish it.
	She picked the necklace up, and Lawyer Brown smiled.
	"Miss Jessica, this is what your mother left you. It's now intact and handed over to you, I hope you'll take good care of it."
	Natalia nodded.
	Although she didn't know why her mother had left the plain looking necklace as a final gift for her, she supposed there was a reason.
	And whatever it was, if it was left behind by the mother, it naturally meant something different.
	She would be sure to cherish it and keep it.
	Brian put the necklace into the safe he brought with him before the group walked out of the bank door.
	As they parted, Clara gave her a deep-eyed look.
	She said in a cold voice,
	"Natalia, being Mrs. Mccarthy, you must be very proud of yourself now, right?"
	Natalia looked at her indifferently, not humbled, "Knowing that I am proud, why do you ask me?"
	Clara gave a cold laugh.
	"You'll regret it sooner or later, and when the time comes, you'll fall to your knees and beg me."
	When she finished, she got into the car with a group of people and took off.
	Natalia stood there, frowning.
	And for some reason, a vague feeling of unease grew in her heart.
Chapter 41 Old Friends Met
	Brian had opened the door for her and asked respectfully, “Mrs. Mccarthy, where do we go now?”
	Natalia turned her eyes and glanced at the safe in the back seat.
	A moment later, she answered, “Go home first!”
	Dottie found Brian carried a safe back and thought that Natalia bought precious jewelry.
	She came to him but it was just a common necklace.
	Although the design was elaborate and the shredded emeralds on it looked nice, but it does it necessary to be in a safe.
	In fact, Natalia was embarrassed.
	The reason Brian prepared the safe was for valuable things from her mother.
	Natalia could not help but laugh, but she was still happy that she had taken back her mother’s relics.
	She stood by the window and studied the back of the necklace in the sunlight.
	It was inscribed with some letters, and it was her mother’s name on it.
	Her mother died suddenly and they had occupied everything in the house. It was the only thing that left to her.
	Natalia feel touched about it.
	She went to the mirror, took off her usual silver necklace and put on this simple necklace.
	Fortunately, this necklace was so well made that even though it was older, it still did not look strange.
	She smiled, put the necklace into her dress, covered it with her collar, patted her chest with satisfaction, and then turned to walk out.
	In the afternoon, Natalia went to Xunghui Culture.
	The company had been in hand for several days. A few days ago she was busy, so she came to visit the company today.
	Before she was there, she had called the people in charge of the company and told them she would be there today.
	When she arrived at the office, it was two o’clock in the afternoon.
	She was received by Mr. Lam.
	Entertainment companies were different from other businesses. The artists made up more than half of the company’s workforce, so there were fewer people in the company than in other industries.
	And Xunghui Culture was going to go bankruptcy. No one would stay in the company. The company was acquired and the boss had been changed, which was unknown by the staff.
	They had no idea what about the new boss would do about the company, so anyone with an idea had already left the company.
	The rest were people who did not what to do.
	Mr. Lam took her to her office and told her briefly about the current situation of the company.
	After careful analysis, Natalia found it was almost the same with that in the materials.
	There were only ten artists in the artist department, and one of them was a five-member boy group signed last year. It was a group, but in fact it was only group binding of several artists whose merits were not obvious.
	Some were unknown small entertainers, so far they had just acted as eunuch or a maid.
	The capable broken in the business department had already left, and now there were only a few fresh graduates, who were less competent than the artists.
	The public relations department was even more nonexistent.
	Because the artists were not popular, so it needed no public relations!
	They would like to make a mess to make them popular?
	Even if it was not good, at least they were popular!
	There were several other departments. Natalia carefully counted, but the situation was bad.
	Mr. Lam gave an awkward but polite smile as he reported.
	“Miss Natalia, our company’s current situation is like this. Here is all the statements. Do you want to check again?”
	Natalia shook her head.
	What was the use of watching it again?
	There were only ten artists who didn’t have any resources?
	She gave a sigh of helplessness.
	Mr. Lam knew that the company’s current situation was difficult.
	He was only a temporary head, originally he was a secretary.
	Because the company was about to go bankrupt and everyone had left, he was appointed vice president at the last minute.
	It was not easy to keep the company as it was now.
	“Our company was short of resources at present. Because there was no working capital, so we got no resources, and therefore there were no good artists, which led to the vicious situation.”
	Natalia knew that he had a hard time, so she did not say anything but waved her hand.
	“I see. Put the report here. I will fix the problem of turnover capital. Thank you, you can go out now!”
	Mr. Lam nodded his head and left.
	After Mr. Lam left, Natalia went directly to the artist department.
	Artists were the core competitiveness of an entertainment company. She only knew about these people from the paper before, but had not met them in person.
	By this time, several artists had gone out to have an audition, leaving only the boy group at the company.
	There would be a very popular talent show next month. The company wanted them to have a try, even though they knew they had little chance of promotion with their ability.
	So at this point, they were practicing dancing in the practice room.
	When Natalia arrived, they were practicing vigorously.
	She did not go in to disturb them, but looked inside through the glass.
	Honestly, even as a boss, she did not think they were good.
	The competition in the domestic idol market was fierce. As a male singing and dancing group, these people had neither amazing appearance nor impressive talent, so their qualifications are indeed general.
	It seemed that there was only effort left.
	Unfortunately, in a place like entertainment circle, hard work was the last thing.
	Natalia watched it for a while and then left.
	Those who went out to have an audition came back in the evening.
	Natalia accidentally that she had met one girl of them.
	-- Laura Davies.
	She had met her several times when she was a PR manager at Fongwash Entertainment.
	Laura was acting major. Though she had no most popular face, she was pretty and cute.
	Among the newcomers, her acting was outstanding.
	Because of the limitation of round face probably, she did not get good resources.
	Later, when the contract expired, she broke it with Fongwash Entertainment.
	But Natalia didn’t expect she was here!
Chapter 42 Pick Her up for Dinner
	Natalia still has a lot of approval for Laura.
	After all, although there were many new people, most of them were trapped by the temptation of Vanity Fair. They were impetuous and few would like to study acting.
	Because of her poor family background, Laura experienced a lot of difficulties when she was a child. On the contrary, she learned everything about the world early and had a deeper understanding of many things in the world than her peers.
	Because of this, she understood that acting skill was what an actor was made for, and the rest was mere vanity.
	Natalia was pleased to see her here, so she immediately asked Laura to go to her office.
	Laura was surprised to see her, too.
	She had seen Natalia before in Fongwash Entertainment.
	Although they had no too much intersection, almost all people in the company knew Natalia was the gold public relations of Fongwash Entertainment. There was no case that she could not deal with.
	A few days ago, she heard that the company had a new boss. She was wondering who it would be, but she never expected it was her!
	However, thinking of her ability, she thought it was reasonable.
	She walked into the office with a smile, “Miss Natalia, you want to see me?”
	Natalia looked up with a smile.
	“Come in and have a sit.”
	After she sat down in the opposite chair, Natalia had an in-depth discussion with her about her future development and current plans.
	The company’s planning department and publicity department were now largely nonexistent.
	Some of the artist’s important planning and direction should be determined by her.
	After two hours of discussion, a rough plan was finally come out.
	Laura was acting major and she loved acting, so filming was her main job at present.
	Besides, Natalia planned to give her two more popular variety shows, so that she could improve her popularity.
	After Laura left, she had a talk with the other artists.
	There were several people who were not satisfied with the company, but she did not force them.
	She said that if they chose to stay, she would treat them equally and fought for resources with ability.
	If they didn’t want to stay, she would not force them.
	They didn’t need to pay liquidated damages.
	Natalia understood that the reason these people signed with the company was they had no other choice.
	After the contract, they did not make any achievement, so they earned a few.
	Several people were thinking about it, Natalia did not urge them, but let them go back to think and give the answer tomorrow.
	After they left, she stayed alone in the office and went over the data of the ten artists again.
	Then according to the impression of the talks just now, she carefully marked the advantages and disadvantages of each person, and determined the appropriate direction of development in the future.
	After finishing all this, it was very late.
	Natalia stretched her body, raised her wrist and found it was eight o’clock in the evening.
	Her stomach growled with hunger. She got up and was about to have dinner. But something occurred to her, her face changed.
	She took out the mobile phone and found there were several missing calls.
	There were from Archie.
	She was busy all the time and she used to turn her mobile phone to silent when she was working.
	This man must have found her out when he got home, so he made calls to her.
	Would he be angry if she did not answer his phone?
	Natalia packed up her things and called him back as she walked out.
	The phone was picked up almost as soon as the signal was connected.
	“Off work now?”
	The man’s voice was low, with no sign of joy or anger.
	Natalia said in embarrassment, “I’m sorry! My phone was on silent just now and I didn’t hear it.”
	There was silence for two seconds.
	“Come down if you have finished your work!”
	“What?”
	“I’ll wait for you downstairs.”
	Natalia widened her eyes in surprise. When she was about to speak, the phone had been hung up.
	So she hurried downstairs and found a black Rolls-Royce parked outside the door.
	The smooth lines of the car in the dark night attracted a lot of attention.
	Every now and then someone would cast an envious glance, or whispered, or speculated.
	Natalia covered her face in embarrassment.
	Dude, can you park in a private spot?
	Natalia ran quickly over and got into the car.
	Brian sat in the driver’s seat and was startled by her.
	It was like someone was chasing after me!
	Archie was as always calm. After Natalia got into the car, he asked Brian to drive to the booked restaurant.
	Natalia was surprised about that.
	“We don’t go home for dinner today?”
	“Mrs. Mccarthy, don’t you know what time it is?” Archie said, flipping through a financial magazine.
	Natalia froze for a moment, remembering that it was already eight o’clock.
	When she first arrived at The Mccarthy Vila, she had heard from Dottie about the family rules.
	After eight o’clock, there was no dinner, which was set by Matthew Mccarthy, Archie’s grandfather to prevent his grandson from becoming a workaholic and forgot to have dinner.
	Natalia smiled awkwardly.
	“I am sorry! I was absorbed in work. How about I treat you to dinner tonight?”
	Archie finally looked up with a deep smile.
	“Really?”
	“Sure.”
	“Ok.”
	The car soon arrived at the door of the hotel.
	They got off the car. Natalia looked up and saw the name of the hotel.
	-- Green Water Villa.
	What was this place?
	She was a local, but she had never heard of it
	But she didn’t think much of it.
	Archie took her hand naturally and they walked in together.
	There was a bell man at the gate. After asking them about the box they booked, he led them politely to go inside.
	The villa was large with rockery and green water, lush plants. The fine small gravel road made them have a feeling of being in the suburbs. The scenery was chic even a stone and a wood were carefully arranged.
	It soon occurred to Natalia that it was probably a private villa reserved only for some special people, and that was why she had not known it before.
Chapter 43 The Youth
	They soon went inside and saw a wide lake in front of them after passing through a garden.
	In the night, the street lamps and the moonlight fell on the water, sparkling, flickering.
	The bell man led them up the stairs and into the lobby. They arrived the box they booked after taking the elevators.
	The name of the box was Water and Moom, which was quite in line with the artistic conception.
	The interior layout was fine with antique design. In some details it integrated with modern scientific design, so that the guests could have comfortable experience.
	It was a large window facing the lake in the south. Standing here, a wider range could be seen as well as the lights on the stone arch bridge in the distance.
	“The scenery here is so beautiful, I like it very much,” Natalia said with a smile.
	Archie curled his lips.
	He chose this place, knowing her tastes.
	They sat down and ordered food.
	It was Natalia’s favorite flavor again.
	She flushed by the man’s thoughtfulness, feeling as if she had taken advantage of so much that she had nothing to return to him.
	Thinking of Stephen’s case, she was in the office in the afternoon and searched about it.
	Following her instructions, Stephen posted a micro blog post on the Internet, which received a great response.
	Nothing definite had come of it yet, but she was confident that, if he carried on with her plan, the case would soon be a success.
	Then she said to Archie, “Don’t worry about Stephen’s case, I have begun to deal with it and soon it would be solved.”
	Archie took a look at her with a thin smile on his eyes and said, “How do I feel that I not only found a good wife, but also found a good helper?”
	Natalia was stunned.
	At that moment, something flashed through her mind.
	She looked at Archie and said nothing, but secretly made up her mind.
	After dinner, Natalia went to use the bathroom.
	There was a bathroom in the box, but it was not sound-proof.
	The bathroom was at the end of the corridor, next to the elevator. Natalia went out the door and was prompted to go to the ladies’ room.
	When she came out, suddenly she caught a glimpse of a familiar figure walking toward her.
	Natalia froze and then took her steps back.
	She hid behind a pillar at the door of the bathroom.
	It was Shawn and Jessica who came over, and there was a middle-aged man wearing black-framed glasses together with them.
	Natalia knew him, the famous domestic director -- Nathan Hale.
	The three people were talking and laughing.
	Nathan said with a smile, “I had heard that Mr. Shawn had a beautiful wife, but I didn’t know who it was. Now I knew it was Jessica.”
	Shawn said with a smile, “Thanks for taking care of Jessica these years, Nathan, I hope we can have a good cooperation.”
	“Sure, Jessica has the potential and she will become the youngest film queen in this generation.”
	Jessica smiled, “Thank you.”
	“The Youth is a script I out effort for years. Jessica, you can never let me down!”
	Jessica nodded, “Rest assured, I will try my best to interpret this role and will never let you down.”
	“Good, then I’m at ease.”
	A group of people passed by her.
	Because Natalia was slim and thin, and today she was dressed in black, hiding behind the dimly lit pillar, no one noticed her.
	She did not get out from behind the pillar until all three were in the lift.
	Looking at the direction the three left, her eyebrows slightly frowned.
	The Youth was a play she had read by chance before.
	She loved the script.
	In the male-dominated era, it was all about a few women fighting for a man.
	But this play was different. It was a true female epic, written entirely from a female point of view about war and peace and the transition of dynasties.
	When Natalia finished reading it, she felt excited about it.
	From the show, she saw a different kind of values.
	That was, women was not limited to love. If given the same resources and status, women would be as good as men.
	Unfortunately, because of the large structure of the script, which covered six countries in total, the investment needed to present it completely was huge.
	That was why, despite all the buzz around the script, it was canceled because investors couldn’t be found.
	She hadn’t heard about it for years.
	Now it was about to be filmed?
	And it seemed that Jessica was the lead.
	Natalia looked down slightly and got an idea.
	She returned to the box and Archie had paid the bill.
	Natalia was embarrassed.
	Obviously she would be the one to pay, but he had paid the bill.
	Archie took her hand and walked out, saying, “Mrs. Mccarthy, do you forget we’re married? What’s mine is yours, it is the same whoever pay the bill.”
	Natalia flushed.
	She murmured. “It is unfair for you.”
	Archie smiled, “Well, since you know it is unfair, compensated me at night.”
	He made an ambiguous suggestive in her palm.
	Natalia’s back suddenly stiffened.
	Natalia turned to look at her and said, “You wish!”
	Then she shook off his hand and got into the car.
	Archie followed with a smile on his thin lips. “I just want you to run the bath for me tonight,” he said happily. “Why are you so excited? Is there something else you want to do?”
	Natalia immediately choked.
	She knew he was wicked!
	He always liked to make fun of her!
	When she got home, Natalia checked on the Internet about The Youth.
	She had seen the play two years ago. She remembered the general outline of it, but had forgotten the details.
	Fortunately, two years ago, the script was very popular in the circle, and there was a lot of information about it on the Internet.
	Natalia compiled the information into a document and sent a copy to Laura.
	Soon, Laura replied.
	“Natalia, do you want me to take this script?”
	Natalia said, “Yes, do you like it. Tell me your feeling after reading it.”
	The next moment, Laura sent a voice message excitedly.
	“Natalia, I read it two years ago and love it so much! Natalia, do you want me to play the female number one Fanghua Xie?”
	Natalia: ...
	A few seconds later, she replied.
	“You wish!”
	Laura: ...
Chapter 44 Six Years
	Natalia typed rapidly, “I think the female three is suitable for you. Although the filming is not as much as female two and female one, but the personality is clear. If you act well, the effect will not be worse than female one and female two.”
	Laura then carefully reread the scene about the female three.
	About a dozen minutes, she replied.
	“Natalia, I saw it, yes, I like this role, but can I win it?”
	Natalia curved her lips.
	“You just need to study the script and I’ll take care of the rest.”
	“OK, thank you, Natalia.”
	After talking to Laura, she put down her phone and sat down on the couch for a moment of deep thought.
	Moments later, she entered the name of Nathan Hale on the internet.
	She was not familiar with Nathan, and her understanding of him was limited to his directorial works.
	While it may sound a little wonky to get information about a person from the Internet, there was no other way to do it.
	Fortunately, Nathan was famous. There was much information about him.
	When Natalia was seeing it, the mobile phone suddenly rang.
	She picked it up. It was Victoria.
	“Natalia, are you free tomorrow night? Come with me to a place.”
	Natalia smiled. “Don’t you need to film? Where do you want to go?”
	Victoria said after two seconds of pause, “I asked for leave, there will be a car race in the eastern suburbs, I want to go and watch.”
	Natalia froze.
	“Car race?”
	“Yes.”
	She then found Nathan’s hobby on the internet, and showed a radiant smile, “Ok!”
	...
	The next day.
	After Natalia finished the word, she got off work early.
	Victoria had arrived and sat in the car waiting for her.
	Natalia went to the basement to get the car. When she got out, she saw Victoria get out of the black car like a thief and quickly duck into her car.
	As she got in, she looked right and left to make sure no one noticed her, and then waved to her assistant through the window.
	Natalia could not help laughing, “Since you are afraid, why do you want to watch the car race? Wouldn’t it be better to just stay and work on the set?”
	Victoria took out a small mirror from her bag and checked the makeup on her face. “I am not afraid. I don’t want to be photographed by paparazzi and say I’m not dedicated? Your younger sister was at the top hot search, for getting into cold water regardless of health, and being fainted as she worked hard!”
	Victoria made a disgusted expression, “She pretended to be a dedicated person, I as her enemy, should protect my image.”
	Natalia could not help laughing.
	But Jessica had always been like this. She was always gentle, beautiful and dedicated on the surface.
	She was used to it.
	The car drove all the way to the suburbs.
	As they neared the track, Victoria suddenly tugged at her sleeve.
	“Natalia, is my makeup OK? Is my clothes nice?”
	Natalia stared at her, stunned.
	“What is wrong with you?”
	Victoria: ...
	After a few seconds, Natalia finally found something wrong with Victoria.
	Since Victoria called her, Victoria seemed to have something to worry about.
	She was extremely confident about her look at ordinary times, but today she kept paying attention to her makeup in the car.
	And now she asked if she was beautiful.
	God! A beautiful woman actually needed to prove her beauty from the mouth of others?
	Victoria seemed to be aware of her abnormality and smiled awkwardly.
	After a while, she said, “He will come here today.”
	Natalia stared in astonishment.
	Natalia knew who he was.
	The two had been desk mates since high school and have since become best friends. They had no secrets at all.
	What was more, that Victoria loved Charlie secretly was known to everyone.
	These years she gradually became noble and cold from arrogant and domineering. People thought that gossip was just youth impulse, which had been already diluted with the passage of time.
	But Natalia knew that person was important in Victoria’s heart.
	It was said that it was easy for women to get approach to men.
	But after six years, they did not get close.
	At this thought, Natalia could not help swallowing.
	The car was in the parking lot.
	She stopped the car and looked back at Victoria. She smoothed Victoria’s hair and straightened the necklace around her neck.
	Then she looked it over with a stern face.
	She took his lipstick out of her bag and handed it to Victoria.
	“Change the color! This color makes you looking young.”
	Victoria was in dissatisfaction, “I am young!”
	“Ok, you’re young, but he may like this color.”
	Victoria was skeptical.
	She took it and said, “Really?”
	“Believe me, I promise!
	Victoria wiped the original lipstick off her lips with wet tissue, and carefully put on the new one.
	After applying it, she found that the color was more suitable for her makeup and dress today.
	She showed a smile and leaned over to embrace Natalia.
	“Natalia, thank you.”
	Natalia smiled and made a fist to cheer her up. “Go for it.”
	“I will strive for him!”
	They got out of the car.
	There were already a lot of people at the venue. There were eight teams racing tonight, so there were many people.
	Cheerleaders and judges had already arrived, as well as many fans, mostly young men and women, standing in their respective areas with small flags and banners, making a noise.
	The drivers hadn’t shown up yet, presumably until the race was about to start.
	Wearing a mask and a cap, Victoria lowered her head and dragged Natalia into the crowd. Soon they were behind one team.
	“Natalia, this is Charlie’s team, which took a lot of champion these years from home and abroad!”
	Natalia nodded.
	A girl turned around and noticed them and asked in a friendly way, “Are you fans of Charlie?”
	Natalia froze and didn’t know what to say.
	Victoria said, “Yes, yes! Can I have one of the flags?”
Chapter 45 The Score
	The girl gave each of them a small flag printed with the name of Charlie’s team.
	At the end, she reminded Victoria, “Since we are all fans of Charlie, I kindly remind you don’t dress up so tightly in this kind of place, because it is easy to be mistaken for an undercover sent by the opponent. But don’t worry, I trust you. When I look into your eyes, I get a familiar feeling, so I don’t think you’re an undercover!”
	Natalia obviously felt Victoria stiffen.
	She gave a shyly smile. “Really? Thanks for your trust!”
	Natalia couldn’t help laughing, and quickly changed the topic, “How long before the game starts?”
	“Eight o’clock.” The girl looked at her watch. “It’s almost time.”
	Just then, they suddenly heard a loud whistle across the street.
	Then, with thunderous cheers, eight teams of drivers all showed up!
	Victoria went mad at once!
	“Ahhhhhhhh...He’s out, he’s so handsome, he’s so handsome! Natalia, have you seen him? He is in the blue race car. His eyes are deep, his skin is fair. He becomes more handsome now. Oh, he is so cool!”
	Natalia: ...
	The drivers wearing a helmet sat on the driver’s seat and she could only see the lamplight of refraction, dazzling. How could she tell he was handsome?
	She pulled Victoria’s sleeve and whispered, “Victoria, calm down!”
	“I can’t!
	“Don’t forget you’re a star.”
	“Oh, female stars also need love!”
	Natalia: ...
	She could not stand this fanatic, so she could only whisper, “You are Miss Kaur, and the top beauty in the entertainment circle. After chasing him for six years, you are a small fan to wave the flag and shout in the crowd. Is it not a shame?”
	Victoria: ...
	She turned her head and stared at Natalia with hatred.
	“You are mean!”
	Natalia laughed, looked at Charlie’s team and fell her eyes on the black car.
	The small flags and banners were over there with the name of Nathan.
	When she checked his information last night, she found Nathan was a top class racing car driver.
	Although Nathan was already domestic well-known director, he acted in a low-key manner, so few people knew about his identity.
	And the world of racing had always been closed, people who didn’t care about it would not pay attention to.
	Natalia looked down slightly and then said to Victoria she needed to use the bathroom.
	On the track, the whistle sounded, the race had begun.
	There were three rounds of the competition in the field!
	Of the eight teams, only the four that made it through the qualifying rounds had a chance to reach the final.
	There were two rounds of final, adopting the last elimination system. In the last game, the first to reach the finish line win.
	Before that, Charlie had won four consecutive championships.
	Before him, the championship had always gone to the Black Horse Team.
	This time, Nathan represented the Black Horse Team. All the team members had morale, with the momentum to win the championship.
	Soon, the qualifying round was over.
	It was no surprise that the Black Horse Team had qualified.
	Charlie’s team, Eagle and the other two teams had qualified.
	The final was about to begin.
	In the rest room, the team members had been preparing to help Nathan relax. A team member suddenly came over and said, “Nathan, someone wants to see you.”
	Nathan was somewhat surprised.
	“Who?”
	The man scratched his head and flushed.
	“I don’t know, but she’s pretty.”
	Archie was surprised.
	“A woman?”
	“Yes.”
	‘Let her in!
	Natalia was led to go in and saw Nathan sitting on a chair.
	Although Nathan was already 40 years old, there was a kind of hot-blooded youth hidden in his body.
	She showed a smile, walked to him calmly, stretched out a hand, “Director Nathan, long times no see.”
	“It is you.”
	Nathan was surprised.
	He knew Natalia.
	Five years ago, he had seen this girl’s work as an examiner in the entrance examination of the Royal Academy.
	At that time he was surprised, but later Natalia was exposed plagiarism and stole her sister’s work. She was disqualified.
	He felt it was pity, but there were rules of the exam. Then he was too busy with work to pay any more attention to it.
	Unexpectedly, they met here today.
	After a moment, with a polite smile, he stood up and shook her hand.
	Natalia smiled, “Director Nathan, you still remember me, it is my honor.”
	Nathan forced a smile.
	“What can I do for you?”
	“Don’t worry, I didn’t come to you for what happened five years ago. Although I did feel very wrong, it had been gone. I have let it go.”
	Nathan frowned.
	Natalia had spoken in advance.
	“I heard the Black Horse Team wants to win the championship.”
	At the mention of this, the people around suddenly were started.
	Nathan’s attention was also successfully diverted.
	He stared at Natalia and said, “And?”
	Natalia smiled.
	“Director Nathan, maybe it is rude, but it is the truth. It is impossible for the Black Horse Team to win this time.”
	Everyone’s face darkened at this.
	Someone said angrily, “How could you say that, we have not started yet.”
	“Yes! I think you come here to make troubles. Believe it or not we’ll have you out of the house right now!”
	Natalia showed a calm smile and looked around at everybody.
	Then, she explained, “Director Nathan’s last competition was four years ago, at that time with 0.5 seconds of time, he lost to Charlie. After that he had not participated in any competition.
	In the past four years, Charlie has been the champion. The Black Horse Team has always wanted to recapture the title of the champion, so you practiced driving skills hard. I know Director Nathan has been practicing hard and reduce the speed from 2 minutes 3 seconds two years ago to 1 minute 54 seconds.
	In the four-kilometer field rally, this is indeed a very impressive achievement, but do you know what Charlie’s score was when he competed abroad last month?”
	Nathan’s face slightly changed.
	Natalia smiled and said, “1 minute 48 seconds.”
	Everyone in the room gasped.
	Although it was only a short difference of six seconds, but everyone knew it was difficult to fight for six seconds.
	By reaching the top level, almost all of them had reached the limit of their potential, and it was almost impossible to strive for further advancement.
Chapter 46 Make a Bet
	Throughout the domestic and foreign region, in the four-kilometer field rally, it seemed that no one had got this achievement!
	The face of all people changed, while Nathan looked calm.
	He looked sternly at Natalia. "So what? If you want to make me quit the competition by saying this, then I tell you get out of my way!"
	Natalia smiled. "You have misunderstood! I did not ask you to quit. I just want to tell you the truth objectively that it is impossible to regain the championship now based on the strength of the Black Horse Team."
	"You!"
	People who had bad temper could not help and were about to rush up.
	Nathan stopped them.
	He looked at Natalia. His eyebrows and eyes were calm, "What do you mean?"
	Natalia showed a smile, "I can help you win the championship."
	“What?”
	Everyone looked incredulous.
	Natalia continued, “As long as you promise me one thing, I can guarantee that the champion belongs to the Black Horse Team."
	Nathan sneered, "I understand, but I am very sorry, I am not interested in your proposal, or believe what you said. I admit that Charlie is a challenging opponent, but he is not that strong to make me retreat."
	Natalia wanted to say something, but interrupted by him.
	"Now, if that is it, go out. I want to get ready for the race."
	Natalia frowned.
	Seeing that he was determined, she had to leave first.
	The finals began soon.
	The four teams' cars entered. As the whistle sounded, the race began.
	All cars shot out like arrows.
	The members of Black Horse Team had been closely locked their eyes in their own cars. And scene was lividly.
	Just then, someone patted him on the shoulder from behind.
	The man looked around and frowned when he saw Natalia.
	"You again? Why are you still here?"
	Natalia smiled and pointed to the screen above the arena. "Look, Nathan in the third place," she said, "Even if he barely passes this round, no matter how hard he tried in the next round, he can only be second place. So it is impossible to win the championship.
	That man was angry, but it was the fact, so he could not retort at all.
	Four years ago, Nathan was very strong, but there were many new comers in this circle, and racing needed reaction ability and physical coordination ability.
	He was old.
	On the screen with each section of the situation, Nathan's car had been kept in the third. Although he could win the second, but it was far from the first place.
	His members were gloomy.
	The Black Horse Team had been preparing for four years, with the purpose to win the championship.
	In the past four years, they had endured all mocking in silence, and not one of them said a word about it.
	They were about to win the championship in the race and take back their honor!
	They were about to convince those who looked down on them and tell them that the champion belonged to the Black Horse Team always!
	But now…
	Would they fail?
	The team members were in excitement at the beginning, but gradually they felt worried and uneasy.
	The score was announced at the end of the first half of the competition.
	Charlie ranked first with result of 1 minute 48 seconds, followed by the second of 1 minute 54 seconds and Nathan was 1 minute 55 seconds in the third.
	The disparity was obvious at a glance.
	The judges declared the three teams into the final. After half an hour's rest, the final began.
	Although it had been successfully promoted, the members of Black Horse Team were upset. Nathan went to the rest room.
	In the rest room, they looked at the face of Nathan.
	One of the members said, “Nathan, is that possible that we win the champion?"
	Nathan took a look at him.
	His face darkened for a moment, and then he said, "I'm sorry. I might let you down this time."
	He had tried his best just now, but he still was in the third place.
	Although he did not want to admit it, he had to admit that he was old.
	Although his skill was still first-class, his reaction speed was not as good as that of the top drivers in their early twenties who were in the prime of racing.
	The members felt sorry for that.
	"Nathan, come on, we believe you. You can make it!"
	"Yes, it doesn't matter if you can’t win the championship, you have done your best!"
	Nathan smiled.
	Although he knew they were sincere, he still felt regretful.
	He was 42 years old. If he lost again, he would almost have no chance to come back and see the Black Horse Team win the championship.
	Just then there was a knock on the door.
	A beautiful woman came in.
	"What is it, Director Nathan? Have you found what I said was true?"
	Nathan looked at Natalia suddenly appeared, feeling speechless.
	What did she come back?
	"Natalia, what do you want?"
	Natalia was confident, “I told you I want to help you take the champion."
	He looked up at her, frowning. "Racing is not a game. If you have no experience, you might get hurt. Are you sure you want to join it?”
	Natalia smiled and bent over slightly.
	She looked into his eyes and said, "I'm sure. If you don't believe me, we can make a bet. If I lose, you can do anything to me. If I win, let me take the role of The Youth, OK?"
	Nathan's pupils trembled.
	"You came for The Youth?"
	"Yes."
	There was a sudden hush.
	The two men looked at each other and neither would yield.
	For a moment, Nathan gnashed his teeth.
	"Ok, I agree."
	"Nathan!
	"Nathan, No!"
	They want to persuade him, but he raised his hand to stop.
	"But I also have a condition, if you win, you must join the Black Horse Team at least for five years. And you are not allowed to leave during this time!"
	Everyone was shocked.
	Nathan was in deep consideration for the team.
	In recent years, the Eagle Team and the Hunter Team had been becoming stronger and stronger. And they had many talents. Charlie had won champion for four consecutive years. He was strong and no one dare challenge him.
	On the contrary, the Black Horse Team began to decline from four years ago.
	It was once the domestic first-class team, now it was not able to win one champion.
	It was full of worry and sadness.
Chapter 47 Game on
	If it lost, Nathan would lose for another year.
	If it won, the team would not only get the championship, but also had a super driver. From now on, at least five years from now, it had nothing to worry about the Black Horse Team.
	Five years later, there would be new talent to fill the vacancy. When the time came, no matter whether Natalia stayed or left, there was no need to worry anymore.
	He was a fox.
	His words directly blocked Natalia's retreat.
	But since Natalia dared to come, she had nothing to worry about.
	She smiled and held out her hand. "Ok, it's a deal!"
	"It's a deal!”
	A swipe of two palms in midair sealed the matter once and for all.
	Half an hour later, the final was about to begin.
	The drivers of three teams appeared in succession. When everybody saw Nathan of Black Horse Team did not show up but a strange woman wearing racing clothes, they were surprised.
	Who was she?
	Why was she wearing the outfit of Black Horse Team?
	Had there been a change at the Black Horse Team?
	Charlie was also slightly shocked when he saw Natalia,.
	Then, He frowned.
	Natalia walked up to him and waved with a smile, "Long time no see, Charlie, how are you?"
	They were from the same school. Of course, Charlie knew Natalia.
	And she knew she was that woman's best friend.
	He raised his eyebrows, looked around and said in a low voice, "What are you doing here?"
	Natalia shrugged her shoulders with a face of innocent, "For competition!"
	Charlie's face immediately darkened.
	Not far away, Victoria also found Natalia.
	Her eyes widened in disbelief and she quickly trotted through the crowd.
	"Natalia, what are you doing? Stop messing around and come with me!"
	Victoria was so worried. She shrank from behind and tried to pull Natalia back.
	Charlie saw Victoria. Although she was wearing a hat and mask hiding behind Natalia, he recognized her at a glance.
	His cold handsome face suddenly became colder.
	Natalia secretly pulled Victoria, looking at Charlie calmly.
	"Why are you so surprised to see me? Are you afraid to compete with me?"
	Charlie gave a cold sniff.
	He turned around and went back.
	"Where are you going, Charlie? Are we going to quilt?"
	Charlie said coldly, “She is not a member of the Black Horse Team. Since Nathan did not dare to come out, the game is invalid."
	What?
	Everyone was confused.
	Natalia frowned, followed by a sudden high voice way, “Charlie, who said I am not a member of the Black Horse Team? Can't I join it on a temporary basis? And you quilt in the mid of the competition, are you not afraid of shame?"
	Charlie stopped his steps.
	He turned his head and looked coldly at Natalia.
	Natalia said, “How about this? We make a bet, if I lose, the Black Horse Team from now on will be out of the competition, and will never participate in any domestic competition, if I win…"
	She paused and suddenly pulled Victoria to the front.
	Then, with a smile on her face, she said, "Have dinner with my friend."
	There was a great deal of laughter and whistling.
	Victoria's face suddenly turned flushed.
	She lowered her head and tried to cover her face with her hat. "Natalia, I don't want to have dinner with him, so stop talking and let's go!"
	Natalia gritted her teeth and said in a low voice, "Can you be promising? It's better to have dinner with him than to be a background for a crowd of fans every day. If romance sparks up, your long-cherished dream will come true."
	Victoria's face changed.
	She seemed to think of something and turned pale on face.
	And the members of Black Horse Team were not calm when they heard that ‘the Black Horse Team from now on will be out of the competition, and will never participate in any domestic competition’.
	Someone stepped forward to stop her, but Nathan stopped him.
	He looked at Natalia's back and said, "I believe she won't joke about the future of the whole team."
	The team members had to swallow their discontent and retreated.
	On the other side, hearing Natalia’s words, Charlie felt his eyes on Victoria behind her.
	He had a cold face with ineffable irony.
	"Do you want to have dinner with me?
	Victoria gave a slight shiver.
	Natalia did not notice that, secretly yanked her hand and whispered, “Girl, it is the critical moment, don't be timid!"
	Victoria looked up.
	She looked at the man standing opposite.
	A dark blue race suit set off his height and long legs, thin figure, but his eyebrow looked cold and domineering.
	She pressed her lips together.
	After a while, she cheered herself up and loudly said, “So what? Say it, dare you compete?"
	In spite of all her courage, she felt weak, and her words were halting and nervous.
	Charlie seemed to hear a funny joke.
	Suddenly he sneered and took a mockery look to Victoria, then holding the helmet, she he went straight to his racing car.
	It meant he said yes.
	Around immediately once again sounded a burst of heckling.
	Although the woman was wearing a hat and a mask, it was not difficult to imagine from her eyes and her pretty figure that the face under the mask must be very beautiful.
	On the racetrack, it was always a war of hormones.
	A woman was like a good car, which was the object the men wanted to conquer.
	Victoria held Natalia's hand tightly, trembling because of nervousness.
	Until the man approached, a low, light, cold voice came from overhead.
	"You'll never get this chance!"
	She turned pale on face.
	The scene was noisy and his voice was so low that no one heard him except Victoria.
	Even standing beside, Natalia did not know what the man had said.
	Seeing she look bad, Natalia asked with concern, “How are you? Are you all right?"
	Victoria shook her head.
	"I, I'm fine, Natalia. You've never raced a car before. Is that all right?"
	She was worried.
	Natalia smiled and patted her on the shoulder.
	"Don't worry, just wait for a candlelight dinner with your male god!"
	Then, with a confident shake of her hair, she put on her helmet and walked to her racing car.
	Got ready, whistle went and the game was on.
	Three cars rushed out at the same time, Charlie took the lead won the first.
	Natalia followed steadily, moving quickly and beautifully over several obstacles and catching up the car in front.
	The third was soon away from a distance. Charlie through the rearview mirror saw the car behing, frowning.
Chapter 48 Win the Championship
	He always thought that Natalia could not race cars at all.
	So at the beginning when she asked for this, he did not refuse without hesitation.
	Later although heard that bet, he agreed but did not hold too much expectation.
	He did not expect that she was skillful!
	Looking at the car behind, Charlie did not know why but remembered the woman wearing a mask, cowering and hiding behind Natalia.
	Her eyes, like a hook, easily evoked many complex feelings of hatred in his heart.
	Damn it!
	How dare she even show herself to him!
	Charlie turned the steering wheel violently and his face was gloomy.
	Want to have dinner with him?
	Have a dream!
	A grim smile curved his lips as he looked in the rearview mirror.
	The car behind continued to catch up with him. It could be told that she was skillful.
	But so what?
	He would not lose!
	Never give that woman a chance to approach him and hurt him again!
	Thinking of this, Charlie stepped on the accelerator harder.
	But sitting in the car, Natalia was calm when she found the car suddenly sped up.
	Gee, he was restless. He seemed to have a strong desire to win the championship.
	Unfortunately, he had no luck when he met her!
	It was a sharp 90-degree turn ahead.
	Natalia thought it was time. Suddenly she became serious and stepped her foot on the accelerator. With a beautiful turn, she rushed to the side of Charlie.
	Inside the car, the man was obviously surprised.
	His cold eyebrow suddenly became colder.
	With force, he continued to speed up.
	Natalia sped up too.
	Outside the stadium, members of two teams were shock to see the big screen playing the competition.
	Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
	Finally someone could be on par with Charlie.
	Although it had not yet won or lost, but at least someone had broken the myth that Charlie could not be surpassed.
	So scary! So exciting!
	Of course, the members of the Black Horse Team were the most excited.
	Originally, they did not hold much hope from Natalia, but she surprised them!
	My God, what speed, what concentration!
	Nathan four years ago was not good as she.
	No, Nathan was always the best, well, only in their hearts.
	It was near the destination. The two cars were still side by side and did not yield to each other.
	Charlie secretly stepped harder and was ready for the final sprint.
	But at this moment, the car next to him suddenly roared. With a faster speed, it rushed to his front.
	His eyes widened.
	Damn it!
	This woman was fast!
	However, it was too late to speed up. The two cars nearly broke the finish line at the same time, and Black Horse Team won with 0.04 seconds faster.
	Everyone was shocked.
	Unbelievable!
	Charlie who had won champion for four consecutive terms was surpassed by a girl!
	God! What big news. It was so exciting!
	The crowd was quiet for several seconds before a flood of cheers and screams broke out.
	It was so fast that everyone was shocked.
	Then they saw Charlie under the cheers of the audience, got off the car with a gloomy face.
	Natalia also got off the car. She was still wearing a smile, took off her helmet, shook her long ponytail, which attracted many men.
	Holding the helmet, she went to the Black Horse Team and said with a smile to Nathan, “How was it? I did not lie to you!"
	Nathan looked at her with complex vision.
	Other team members were more excited than Nathan.
	A group of people surrounded Natalia. If not because she was a girl, they would have raised her up to cheer.
	After the end of the competition, it was time to claim the prize.
	As the champion, Natalia was deservedly pushed out by the players.
	But this was a race in the name of the team, so the glory of course belonged to the team.
	When Natalia got award, Charlie’s team had left.
	She held the trophy back and gave it to Nathan.
	"Director Nathan, will you fulfill your promise?"
	Nathan looked at her and nodded for sure.
	"You made it, I will do what I promised you, but I have been working on The Youth for many years. Even if it is only female three, if it is not performed well, it may ruin the whole play.
	So I only give you a chance to compete for it, if you have the talent, you will have the role. Otherwise, I will not agree to give it to you, even if I am accused of treachery."
	Natalia smiled.
	"Of course, I didn't expect to win the role with a single race. You can rest assured that I just want a fair chance to compete. When will you be available? I will take someone to audition."
	Nathan nodded, "Tomorrow morning! I'll wait for you at the office."
	"All right, it's a deal!”
	After making an agreement with Nathan, Natalia remembered Victoria.
	But after looking around, she failed to find her.
	She thought Victoria was on the Eagle Team.
	But she only saw Charlie with a gloomy face went inside by being surrounded by his teammates. Victoria was not there.
	She frowned.
	Where was the girl?
	Natalia took out her mobile phone to call Victoria, but no one answered. Under helplessness, he could only ask team to help her.
	After all, the racetrack was remote. She was a girl and a star, in case of an accident would be troublesome.
	On this side, Natalia sent people to look around, and on the other side, the parking lot.
	Victoria bent over and found her car quietly.
	She took out the key from her pocket, pressed the care lock and was ready to get in the car.
	But suddenly an arm reached over her head and slammed the door down.
	Her heart gave a thump.
	She turned around and saw the man standing behind her with his stern eyebrows.
	There was silence, compared with the hubbub on the scene, the parking lot was desolate.
	The dim street lamps shone from afar, like a few cooked egg yolks in the dark night, not only did not make people feel warm and bright, but also added a cold and desolate feeling.
	Victoria forced a smile and straightened up.
	"Why did you get out?”
	She bent her head slightly and did not look straight at him. She was trying to look calm, but the tension in her body and the quiver in her voice showed her nervousness.
	Charlie took back his hand, put it into his pockets, and looked at her in a domineering manner.
	His face was not that kind of gentle beauty. Its sharp edges were cold and wild, and when he was expressionless, it made people feel cold.
	"Don’t you want to have dinner with me? Why run since you've won the race?"
Chapter 49 Have Dinner Together
	Victoria was stunned.
	She wanted to say it was not her bet!
	But Natalia was her good sister and she did it for her sake, so that she could have a date with Charlie.
	Besides, when the bet was made, she had stood up herself, and it was not good to deny it.
	Victoria gathered the broken hair in her ear and coughed lightly.
	"I...... I didn't run away! I just, I just came to get something, Yes, I came to get something from the car."
	She repeated the sentence with certainty.
	Charlie sneered in disdain.
	The door was unlocked. He pulled the door open and got into the passenger seat.
	Victoria was confused.
	Seeing the woman still standing there, he stared at her coldly and said in an impatient manner, “Why are you standing there? Don’t you want to have dinner?"
	Victoria: ...
	"Oh!" She wanted to get in the car, but suddenly she realized that the car was Natalia's and that she had not come by car.
	If she drove away the car, how could Natalia get back later?
	So, looking at the man sitting on the passenger seat and closing his eyes, she asked, “This isn't my car. Can we ride in yours?"
	Charlie: ...
	Fuck!
	Then Natalia received a phone call from Victoria.
	Victoria told her she had to leave first and had given the car keys to the security guard in the parking lot. Then she hung up the phone.
	Natalia had wanted to ask her if she wanted to wait for Charlie to keep his promise, but she hung up quickly.
	But she heard that Charlie had gone after the competition. She took a look at her watch and suddenly understood something.
	So, she did not bother her again, took her car and left after made an appointment with Nathan.
	When she got home, it was ten o'clock at night.
	It was a surprise that Archie was not there.
	Since she forgot to tell him last time she worked overtime, the man drove directly to her company to pick her up. This time, she had sent him a text message in advance.
	But she did not expect that it was not only she came home late. He had not come back.
	Natalia found Dottie, Dottie said with a smile, “Mr. Archie called at the dinner time, saying tonight in the company there is a very important cross-ocean meeting, so he won't come back early.”
	Natalia nodded.
	She went straight upstairs without another word.
	She got home after a long day, she wanted to take a bath and have a good rest.
	Natalia took her pajamas and went into the bathroom.
	On the other side, Victoria and Charlie had arrived at the restaurant.
	It was an open-air candlelit restaurant.
	The restaurant was on the second floor, with bright moon and cold wind overhead and vast river in a distance. It was surrounded by romantic candlelight. On the small stage, there was a cellist playing melodramatic and beautiful music.
	If the cold-faced man was ignored, this was the most suitable romantic venue for a date.
	When the waiter came with the food they ordered, Victoria expressed her thanks in a low voice.
	She was not fully armed, took off her mask, leaving only a hat.
	The broad brim of her hat obscured her eyes, leaving only her straight nose and pink lips, and her graceful chin slightly raised. Without saying a word, she had a look of nobility and cool beauty.
	Charlie’s pupils were deep and cold.
	All the way from the racetrack, Victoria had gradually eased down from the tension.
	But, she was a little embarrassed.
	They were outside, but she felt the pressure of the air around her. It seemed that even the space was cramped and suffocated.
	The atmosphere was silent and awkward.
	Especially in such an open-air restaurant, many couples were there.
	In contrast with the loving couples, the two of them look even more distant and cold.
	A waiter with roses in his hands came over, bent slightly and smiled respectfully, "Sir, would you like to buy a bunch of flowers for your girlfriend?"
	Charlie said coldly, "No!"
	The waiter seemed to realize this couple was strange. They just sat there and said nothing. And this man looked very fierce.
	To lighten the mood, he smiled and said, "It doesn't matter. You can order songs there. You can order a song for your girlfriend, Sir. It is romantic in such an environment listening to the song your lover orders!"
	Charlie raised his head and stared at him coldly.
	That look, like a wolf in the wilderness, shed faint cold light in the dark of the night.
	The waiter suddenly felt a chill down his spine.
	Then, the man said word by word, “She is not my girlfriend. No! Fuck off!"
	The waiter finally realized that the man in front of him was not only fierce, but also in bad temper!
	His face changed slightly and he hurried away with the rose in his arms.
	Victoria looked at this scene, feeling awkward.
	She whispered, "I gotta to use the bathroom."
	Then she got up and left in a hurry.
	Looking at the woman’s back, Charlie did not speak, but darkened his eyes.
	In the bathroom, Victoria desperately took deep breath.
	It seemed that only in this way could she get temporary relief of the heart which had been oppressed for a long time.
	The cell phone in the bag suddenly started to ring.
	She took it out and found that it was Natalia.
	Her eyes were sour and she forced to hold back her tears.
	"Hello, Natalia."
	"How is it, Victoria? Is it fun to have a date?"
	Victoria forced a smile.
	Fun?
	Maybe!!!!
	Unfortunately, he looked so unhappy!
	Perhaps in this life he hated her the most. She once promised never to appear in front of him, but now she broke the agreement and forced him to have a candlelight dinner with him. He should hate her!
	Victoria felt that her eyes get sour again.
	She pressed it down quickly.
	She could not cry. She cost took more than two hours to do the makeup. If she cried, it would be ruined.
	She looked up and it was several seconds before she could hold back the tears.
	Natalia thought there was something wrong because Victoria did not make a sound.
	"Victoria? Are you all right?"
	Victoria hurriedly replied, "I'm fine, I am in the bathroom!"
	"Good, then. How are you getting on?"
	"Not good. You know he's so cold. He could sit with me for hours without saying a word. What could I do?"
	Natalia despised him.
	"You start the conversation! You are the most popular star in J City, aren't you always good at creating topics? Think of all the men who run after you and believe in your charm. As long as you are willing to use a little bit of your charm, you will make it!"
	Victoria was so amused by her and burst into laughter.
Chapter 50 It's a Long Story
	She became less depressed.
	"Well, you're right, but I've forgotten how to use my charm. Why don't you teach me?"
	Natalia was not afraid of being stimulated by her, “OK, for your happiness, I am not afraid of anything. Wait, I will start a video call with you."
	Natalia hung up the phone, clicked on the video and it was soon connected.
	Victoria holding her arm leaned on washbasin and looked at her with a smile.
	"Come on, Natalia! Start your show."
	Two people had grown up together, in private they did not care out their images in the front of each other.
	Natalia put the phone on the bookshelf, and began to perform in front of the video.
	Some disgusting and exaggerated lines and love words were spoken by her.
	‘I haven't seen you for years. I miss you so much.’
	‘They think there are many people in my world, only I know that only you are my world!’
	‘You are the white moonlight in my heart, you are the five colors of my life.’
	‘Without your permission, I have liked you for so many years, I'm sorry!’
	‘A man falls in love with a stream, because he has never seen the sea. And now I can say that I've seen the Milky Way, but you are still my only star.’
	...
	When Natalia read out these lines, she did not notice that the door was slowly opened behind her.
	When Archie came back from work, he heard that Natalia had arrived home. He untied his tie and went upstairs.
	Unexpectedly, he opened the door and saw such a scene.
	In the dim light, the woman in pajamas was caressing her body in front of the bookshelf.
	While twisting her delicate waist, she murmured some words.
	‘You are my heart, you are my liver, you are three quarters of me.’
	‘Without you, it is like the night without light, fish without water, life is meaningless.’
	‘Loving you is like a moth to a fire, the place I want to go most is your heart...’
	In the video, Victoria had been watching with relish.
	But then she felt something wrong.
	Noting her distraction, Natalia stopped and said, "Hey, Victoria, I've been acting so hard. Could you give me some attention and respect my performance?"
	Victoria smiled awkwardly.
	"Natalia, you got a new boyfriend?"
	"How do you know?”
	Victoria pointed behind her.
	Natalia froze all over.
	She looked at her phone screed of her side.
	In the next second, her pupil enlarged, and she became stiff on the spot.
	Archie holding his coat and his tie in one hand stood there with a straight body.
	He smiled and seemed to have a sneer in his deep eyes. He stood tall and straight and smiled at her.
	Natalia suddenly had an impulse to die!
	She snapped the video off, and then turned around, staring at him with wide eyes.
	Archie forced to hold back his smile, put his coat and tie on a nearby chair and walked towards her.
	"Honey, I really did not know you miss me so much when I am not at home."
	Natalia was on the verge of crying with anger.
	"Archie, why didn't you knock on the door before you enter the bedroom?"
	"This is my home. We are husband and wife, and there is nothing I can't see. Why should I knock on the door?” Archie raised his eyebrow.
	Natalia: ...
	How angry!
	But his words seemed to have a point.
	She wanted to cry, while Archie had a deeper smile.
	"Honey, in fact, if you really have a need, you can tell me. Don't be shy, I will satisfy you. It you lock yourself in a room to relieve, the effect is not good and it is bad for your body."
	Natalia suddenly flushed.
	Realizing he had misunderstood her, she explained.
	"I, No, it's... It's not what you think!"
	"So what?"
	He walked slowly towards her, step by step.
	In a few steps he came up to her.
	Strong male hormone attacked her nose, taking the cool breath that belonged to him, made Natalia flush.
	She hemmed and hawed, not knowing how to explain.
	She could only say, “I did not, I didn’t. Don't talk nonsense."
	"Nonsense?”
	Archie chuckled and suddenly leaned over, propping up next to her face with one hand. And the she took a picture next to her phone with the other.
	"In the middle of the night, you locked yourself up alone in a bedroom in front of my picture and said such sweet words, and you said you haven't missed me? Huh?"
	His voice was deep and dull, and he was sexy.
	Natalia had been flushed from cheek to neck.
	Just now she found a place to put her phone randomly.
	She did not notice his picture was there.
	But it was useless to explain. This narcissistic man would always thing much!
	She could only back off and change the subject.
	"I, I don’t want to talk to you anymore. I'm going to bed!"
	Then she turned to leave.
	But his wrist was suddenly grasped by the man.
	Natalia was startled, and noticed that she had retreated to her bed.
	Her leg bent against the edge of the bed, and the pain made her exclaim. As soon as her leg became soft, she fell directly to the bed.
	Archie originally wanted to catch her, but Natalia pulled his collar out of panic.
	His center of gravity was suddenly unsteady, and she led him to the bed.
	Two people heavily fell on the bed. When feeling a soft and tender touch, Natalia immediately widened her eyes.
	It was silent. Under the dim light, Archie pressed on her body. He was stunned too. His lips were on hers. The warm and soft touch liked electric current, passing to his brain.
	The bedroom door was open and footsteps were heard.
	The next second, Dottie appeared in the bedroom door.
	"Mr. Archie, there's a call from D City...!"
	A short exclamation of surprise.
	Natalia finally reacted, pushed the man away, got up and waved her hands to Dottie in flurried way.
	"Sorry, I'm sorry, the door is open, so I came in. .Go ahead, go ahead, I'm going down!"
	With that, she fled away.
	Natalia: ...
	She closed her eyes and took a deep breath.
	She turned to stare at Archie in a vicious and merciless way.
	"You!"
	Archie shrugged his shoulders, meaning that it was not his fault and that he had not expected that.
	Natalia was so angry.
	Natalia went to Dottie and explained.
	Archie did not put it in heart. They were husband and wife. Dottie was experienced woman and she would now believe Natalia’s words.
	She would just felt Natalia was shy.
	Thinking of that kiss, the man reached out and touched his lips. The soft, waxy touch was still there, as sweet and wonderful as ever.
	He curled his lips, got up and went to the study.
Chapter 51 The Sweet Nothings on the Phone
	Natalia went downstairs, trying to explain to Dottie.
	But Dottie did not believe what she said at all.
	Besides, she persuaded Natalia, “That’s OK. Mrs. Mccarthy. You don’t have to be embarrassed. It’s a good thing that young couples have lust for each other. Only in this way will you be pregnant soon. So would our Mccarthy mansion thrive... "
	Anyway, Dottie chattered a lot, totally ignoring her explanation.
	Natalia gave up when she found that Dottie was very opinionated.
	Technically speaking, Archie and she were husband and wife, for whom kissing and hugging were all too normal. So it was not a big deal to be bumped into by the elders, a little embarrassing, though.
	Natalia decided to abandon her plan to salvage her lady image in Dottie’s mind. Instead, she poured a glass of milk and headed upstairs.
	When she passed by the study, she suddenly heard someone was talking inside.
	It seems that Archie was talking on the phone.
	She didn't care at first, and was about to pass by, but she suddenly heard Archie was coaxing someone on the other side of the phone.
	"Sweetie, be good. Take the medicine, then go to bed early today, okay?"
	Her body stiffened.
	She was nailed to where she stood.
	"I'll be back in a while."
	"Be good, and I'll accompany you when I get back, okay?"
	"Yes, of course Anny is the sweetest baby in the world."
	The sweet talk in the study continued.
	Most of the time the man was coaxing her, in an incredibly gentle tone Natalia had never heard before.
	She could even imagine Archie smiling, full of tenderness.
	It was a sweet scene, but she was chilled. Like having been poured a bowl of icy water from her head, she even felt her spine chilled.
	The low voice of Archie came out, so did his pleasure.
	"Well, I'll miss you too. Good night."
	He hung up the phone.
	The room went back to silence for a moment. Then, there was the sound of footsteps. Archie was heading out.
	Natalia's face changed.
	She fled away somehow.
	She ran into the bedroom and slammed the door backhanded.
	Archie just felt a gust of wind, and then the bedroom door was closed.
	He was petrified, and then he frowned as if he knew something.
	Dottie passed by downstairs at this time. Archie stood in the corridor and asked, "What's wrong with Mrs. Mccarthy?"
	Dottie got confused by his question.
	"Didn't Mrs. Mccarthy just go upstairs? What's wrong?"
	Archie furrowed his brows again.
	With no interest to continue the topic, he turned around and walked towards the bedroom.
	The bedroom was a bit dim. Natalia was sitting on the bed, flipping an entertainment magazine.
	Archie walked over and asked in a causal way, “Did you just go by the study?"
	Natalia took a glance at him and made a dry cough, "Yes, just passing by. Why are you nervous?"
	Archie didn’t answer her.
	Natalia, no need to meet his eyes, could feel they must be staring at her at the moment, trying to read her emotions.
	She got tired of this topic somehow. So, she pretended to yawn and put down the magazine.
	“It’s too late. I’m going to sleep.”
	Then, she lay down and pull up the quilt. With her back faced him, she closed her eyes.
	Seeing the way she was, Archie’s eyes darkened.
	Without further explanation, he head to the bathroom to take a shower.
	Natalia couldn't fall asleep at all with the noise in the bathroom.
	All she was thinking about was those flirting words she overheard from the study.
	They sounded so intimate. She wouldn’t believe it if she hadn’t heard in person.
	Then, Natalia thought of what Archie said when he forced her to get the marriage license, and the scenes of these days. She felt bitter.
	The good thing was they had only been together for a short time. Although they were namely husband and wife, they were more like business partners.
	She would try her best to play the role of his wife, and he would act as her husband when necessary.
	That’s enough.
	She didn’t believe in love anymore, after being betrayed once.
	So it's really good, wasn't it?
	Natalia kept reassuring herself and she finally calmed down.
	But part of her heart was still a bit disappointed and hollow.
	When Archie finished his shower, Natalia was still awake.
	She nestled in the quilt, eyes closed, but her curled eyelashes fluttering. Archie knew that she was acting at a glance.
	He smirked but did not reveal it. Having dried his hair, he head towards the bed.
	Natalia knew he was back.
	Both of the sound of the hairdryer and his footsteps were reminding her of his existence. It was really hard to not know he was back.
	Then, the other side of bed collapsed a bit and she was greeted with a refreshing fragrance.
	Natalia frowned. She didn’t notice Archie’s smell before, for she usually fell into sleep very soon. But today, the smell was very aggressive, making the big bed small and narrow.
	Especially when Archie approached her on purpose, she felt more insulted by his threatening vibe.
	She almost held her breath and tensed her body to restrain her impulse to escape.
	All of a sudden, she felt the room darkened. Archie must have turned off the lights.
	Our senses tend to be more sensitive in the darkness than when there is light.
	Their body did not contact with each other, and there was even a small gap between them.
	But she just couldn’t ignore him.
	Didn’t know how long it had been.
	Natalia pretended to murmur, then turned over and rolled aside.
	A distance of about half a meter was immediately drawn between them.
	She felt more relieved instantly.
	Before Natalia could enjoy her triumph, she felt something warm was pressing on her back. Archie moved over.
	Natalia frowned.
	She turned her back to him, but could even feel the warmth of his chest.
	This was too intimate...
	Gritting her teeth, she rolled again.
	But Archie seemed to be glued to her. He squeezed over again.
	Natalia was furious.
	She opened her eyes. The regular and peaceful breath of Archie could be heard clearly in the darkness.
	She wasn’t sure whether he's really asleep or was acting, just like her. Dithering for a while, she took a deep breath and moved to the bedside for the last time.
	Even if it was a wide bed, she reached the edge of it when she had rolled aside three times in a row.
	If she rolled again, she was going to roll to the ground.
	However, it seemed that Archie had determined to embarrass her.
	He glued to her as soon as she stopped.
	What’s more, he even rested one arm on her soft waist this time.
Chapter 52 She was Jealous
	Natalia’s back instantly stiffened and she dared not move.
	Her eyes widened in the darkness.
	Was he... really asleep?
	It was so abnormal today. He seldom fidgeted while sleeping. Was he acting?
	Natalia waited for a moment and Archie stopped fidgeting too. The room was so quiet. Only the shallow breathing of Archie could be heard.
	When she was sure that the man behind her was indeed asleep, she carefully lifted his arm, trying to move it away.
	However, Archie murmured from behind.
	And the arm rested on her waist tightened to wrap her.
	What’s more, Archie’s whole body pressed on her, with his handsome face buried in her long hair, as if she was his pillow. She was totally imprisoned by him now.
	Being hugged by him, Natalia felt almost suffocated, and her whole body stiffened.
	The shallow breathing was sprayed in her hair. The warm air poured on her neck, making her shivered, like an electric current running through her body.
	She went blank instantly with her head buzzing.
	But Archie didn't realize it at all. The hand on her waist even encircled her more tightly.
	Natalia gritted her teeth.
	This was more than embarrassing.
	This was dangerous.
	She couldn't stand it anymore. Regardless of whether she would wake him up or not, she held his hand and tried to pull it away.
	However, the arm on her waist suddenly strengthened its grip and she could not pull it away no matter how hard she tried.
	Just as she made another try, she heard a low smirk from behind.
	Until then did she realized that he was making fun of her.
	She turned her head.
	The light was turned on instantly.
	Natalia stared at the man lying on the bed, whose trick was cracked. He stopped his pretending, but his arm still did not loosen her waist. He held his head on the pillow with the other hand and look at her with a smile.
	"You finally stopped pretending?"
	His voice was full of banter.
	Natalia said angrily, "You are awake at all the time, right?"
	"Aren't you, too?"
	"I..."
	Knowing that she was wrong, Natalia didn’t know how to retort. So she grumbled, "So what? I just pretended to sleep, which did no harm to you at all. But your pretending aimed for pestering me. "
	Archie looked at her calmly.
	She was really not a good liar. Her eyebrows drooped slightly, which showed a trace of her panic. She was like a lost but adorable deer now.
	A harmless lie like this could make her feel so guilty.
	Archie smirked and asked her, "What did you hear from outside the study tonight?"
	Natalia didn’t know how to answer him for a while.
	She looked up at him.
	His eyes were deep and dark, like good black jade. They looked calm and unperturbed in the dim light. Natalia, however, felt a little uncomfortable by his staring.
	It was he who had flirted with an unknown woman and made fun of her, but he stared at her as if she was the one who had betrayed him. She got a little annoyed at the thought of this.
	Gritting her teeth, she stared at him, too.
	"What did I hear? Everything, of course! So what? What are you going to explain to me? "
	Archie got amused by her angry look.
	He stroked her head, making her hair even messier.
	Natalia jumped away like an annoyed cat.
	"Don't touch me!"
	Archie laughed, as if he had got more delighted by her annoyance.
	After all, no one would have thought that Natalia, who was always reversed and distant to others, would be like this in front of him.
	This side of Natalia only appeared in front of him.
	He felt like he had unarmed all her defense, making her being who she really was.
	Natalia was exasperated by his delight.
	She couldn't bear it anymore, so she got up and was ready to go out.
	Archie instantly stopped smiling and pulled her back.
	"Where are you going?"
	Natalia said coldly, "Go on laughing! I'll sleep in the guest room. "
	"Don't go."
	Natalia got irritated again.
	"Archie Mccarthy! That’s enough! Although our marriage is not out of love, but at least it’s kind of pact! Shouldn’t you at least respect you partner’s feelings? I’m OK you hook up with another woman, so why do you mind me sleeping in the guest room? "
	Archie stared at her. He got more amused.
	"Mrs. Mccarthy, may I consider it as you being jealous?"
	Natalia choked and widened his eyes.
	She did felt some strange emotions in her heart, but she never considered them as jealousy.
	She dumped his hand. “Jealous? Don’t be silly! I'm telling you. It’s none of my business. You can hook up with whoever you like. Anyway, I'm not your real wife and I’m always available for a divorce. "
	Then, she picked up a pillow and walked out.
	Seeing she was really angry, Archie hold her hands.
	"Well, sorry. I was wrong! You're not jealous. It's all my fault, all right? "
	Archie continued to explain, "It’s a misunderstanding. You are my wife, my only wife. I never have other woman except you, never to mention mistress. If you don't believe me, you can investigate me, or ask Brian."
	Natalia glanced at him and sneered.
	"Brian is your sidekick. Do you think I’m stupid enough to believe his words?"
	Archie choked.
	But her retort sounded reasonable at a second thought.
	Well, she was indeed a hard nut to crack. And at such critical moment, Even a man as brilliant as him could become a bad problem-solver.
	He changed his way and coaxed her, "Well, what do you say? I can swear that except you, I have no other woman. If I ever lied to you, I would go to hell."
	Before Archie could finish her words, Natalia's eyelids throbbed.
	She felt bad somehow, and before she could realized it, her hand had covered on Archie’s mouth.
	Archie laughed.
	Natalia glared at him.
	"I'm telling you, don't fool me around. If oaths work, why there are so many dicks in the world?"
	Archie took her hand and said with a smile, "Yes, oaths are useless, but I mean it. Honey, now that I have married you, I will not betray you. Both my sense of morality and upbringing will not allow me to do that. Do you believe in me?"
Chapter 53 No Divorce
	Natalia looked at him and was somewhat convinced.
	But at the thought of those sweet nothings on the phone, she found it hard to let them go.
	Her face sank. She looked at Archie seriously and said, "Archie, I don't know why you married me or how long this marriage will last, but I hope that if one day, when you really want to end this marriage, inform me in advance. I don't mind if it is because you fall in love with others or you just want a divorce. But I hate betrayal, no matter what kind of relation we are, couples or business partners. Do you understand?"
	Archie's face sank.
	He looked at her coldly and asked, "You don’t mind if I fall in love with others?"
	Natalia felt like she got a stab in her heart.
	But she didn't know why she would feel this way.
	She and Archie weren’t real couples. They just married for some other reasons. She had no right to stand in the way if he found his true love one day.
	So she nodded.
	"And you don't mind getting divorced?"
	She nodded again.
	Archie sneered.
	Her gentle face also became cold and gloomy.
	He got up and went out.
	Natalia was a little confused.
	Before she could realize it, Archie went back with two certificates in red.
	That’s their marriage licenses.
	Natalia’s eyelids throbbed. She didn’t know what Archie was going to do, but it must be something ominous.
	Then Archie went to the front of the table with a lighter on his hand. Suddenly, their marriage licenses were on fire.
	Natalia widened her pupils.
	"Archie, what are you doing?"
	She pounced on it, trying to snatch the lighted marriage licenses.
	Only to be stopped by him.
	Archie took her hands and pressed her against the wall.
	"Natalia, I’ve told you. I, Archie Mccarthy, am a one-woman man, and would only get married once in my whole life. Since you always think I’m kidding, I will prove it in front of you today. Our marriage licenses have been burned. From now on, you will never divorce me! Never!
	Natalia...
	Why did he make a fuss? She didn’t mean it seriously.
	She felt her wrist hurt by his clench.
	She tried to pull her hand back, but she couldn’t make it. She surrendered.
	"All right, I see. Will you let me go first?"
	But Archie didn’t loosen his grip.
	He stared at her and said, "Answer me, do you want a divorce or not now?"
	Natalia rolled her eyes.
	"Mr. Mccarthy, it was you who had an affair. Why grill me?"
	Archie got amused by her words.
	As if he was reminded of something, Archie rubbed her hair and whispered, "You silly girl!"
	Natalia: ...???
	Fortunately, Archie finally let her go and explained, "She is very important to me, but we are not that kind of relationship as you thought."
	Natalia was suspicious of his words.
	Seeing her questioning look, Archie smiled again.
	"I'll take you back to D City later, then you'll know I’m telling you the truth."
	Natalia's face changed.
	Back to D City?
	She opened her mouth, tried say something, but was stopped by Archie’s look.
	He came up to her, took her hands and pressed her to sit on the bed. Then, he leaned over to kiss her cheek.
	"It's getting late. Go to sleep. Good night!"
	One night passed.
	The next day, Natalia took Laura to Nathan's office as promised.
	Jessica and Julia were also at Nathan's office.
	Jessica was surprised to see Natalia.
	"Sister, why are you here, too?"
	Natalia looked at her indifferently. Jessica was wearing a white dress, with an overcoat of the same color. She looked like a proud princess.
	Behind her were Julia and another girl.
	She knew that girl. She was one of Jessica's distant cousins, whose name seemed to be Hazel Mayer.
	Hazel used to be an online celebrity, but not very famous. Now she worked for Jessica's studio. People considered her as Jessica jr. for both being Jessica’s cousin and their resemblance on appearance.
	Because of this title, she was doing well in the entertainment industry.
	Jessica was also glad to cultivate her. After all, nothing could highlight her beauty and excellence more than a Jessica jr.
	Natalia sneered in her heart at the thought of it. She said coldly. "I don’t think this office is for the exclusive use of you, is it?"
	That meant, why couldn’t I be here?
	Jessica's face froze.
	She got embarrassed by Natalia’s mocking.
	But she couldn’t argue with Natalia directly. After all, she had been keeping the image of a lady and socialite in the entertainment industry and there were many reporters at present. Making a scene in public would ruin her image.
	Compared with Jessica, Natalia felt freer.
	She could do whatever she wanted for she was not an entertainer.
	Julia came forward and stretched out her hand to Natalia.
	"Mrs. Mccarthy, long time no see."
	No matter how reluctant Natalia was, she shook hands with Julia.
	Though Julia didn’t have a good reputation, she was the elder in the entertainment industry anyway. Natalia showed her respect to Julia, ostensibly though.
	Nathan had arrived earlier. Knowing that they all arrived, he ordered his assistant to take them to the studio at once.
	The five of them entered the studio and saw cameras had all been set up.
	On the vast stage, there were two groups of actors performing. It seemed to be an audition.
	Nathan, with several other staff, was sitting in the auditorium watching their performance.
	When they walked by, Jessica greeted gently, "Director Nathan, here we are."
	Nathan then looked up and glanced at her, but his gaze fell on Natalia from behind at last.
	He smiled, "Everyone is here now. Have a seat!"
	Then, he pointed to the seats around him and told the deputy director next to him to give him several copies of the script.
	He handed the copies to Hazel and Laura respectively and said, "Take a look at the script first. If you two have no problem, put on makeup later. Each of you need to try out one part, I’ll see how it’s going."
	On hearing this, Hazel's face changed.
	"Director Nathan, I thought this role was already mine? Why do I need an audition?"
	Before she could finish her words, she was stopped by Julia's criticizing eyes.
	Nathan’s face also sank.
	"I did promised Jessica to give you a chance for audition, but I didn't say I would adopt you without an audition. Although Claire Ye is only supporting role, she is critical too. No one would get this role unless she is a great actress!"
	Hazel’s face turned pale and she clenched her fingers angrily.
	Jessica got surprised too.
	Although Nathan didn’t make it clear that he would let Hazel play the role when she discussed with him, it was almost there.
	After all, she was one of the major investors of this play this time. Nathan had been preparing this project, which was an arduous job, for several years. It was natural for him wanting to make sure everything being perfect.
	Jessica turned her eyes and fell them on Natalia behind her.
	She suddenly knew something.
Chapter 54 Audition on the Same Stage
	"It doesn't matter, let’s take it. I believe Hazel can make it."
	Jessica smiled gently and turned to look at Hazel, "Hazel, am I right?"
	Hazel was not convinced because she had been robbed of the character.
	She raised her chin proudly, "Sure!"
	Nathan frowned.
	The role, Claire Ye, was the best friend of the heroine. She held the hope to revenge for the country and was a role with forbearance and restraint.
	But Hazel was tsundere and naive, and seemed to be far from the character of this role.
	However, before she took the audition, Nathan would not judge her, lest affect her mood.
	So he just showed them the script with the red line, told them which paragraph they should read, and reminded them to analyze the characters, especially the inner mind of the characters.
	They got the script and went off to learn their lines.
	Julia took Hazel to the side, while Jessica did not leave, but sat down next to Nathan, talking with him with a smile.
	Natalia led Laura to the other side.
	"How is it?" she whispered. “Are you confident about it?"
	Laura nodded firmly, looking at the script.
	But in no more than two seconds, her face became gloomy.
	"No, Julia, I'm so nervous. What should I do?"
	After all, this was her first time to contact such a big production, and it was really a rare opportunity for an actress.
	If she had a good performance, she could have a bright future, but if she failed in the acting or even the audition, she could not get the role.
	Natalia understood her nervousness and patted her on the back.
	"Don't be nervous, imagine you are Claire Ye. Forget everything around and put yourself into it. Remember, don't think about anything else, and don't care about Jessica. You just need to believe you are Claire Ye, follow your heart, understand?"
	Laura looked at her and nodded emphatically.
	After appeasing her mood, Natalia went back and sat down behind Nathan.
	From her point of view, the situation on the stage could be seen intuitively, besides, close-up performance could be seen from the monitor in front of Nathan.
	It didn't take long for both of them to say they were ready.
	Nathan let people take them to make up.
	In costume dramas, the garment was very important, and sometimes it could better highlight the character's aura.
	It was not long before the two people put on their makeup, changed their clothes and came out of the dressing room.
	Hazel was a web celebrity with a pointed jaw, later in order to catch up with the trend, and she had a plastic surgery, so that her jaw became more pointed.
	Not only that, probably because she knew she would see Nathan today, in order to make herself look better, she had an injection a few days ago.
	Unfortunately, the digestion time was too short, so the hyaluronic acid had not been completely eliminated, resulting in a bloated face, which showed that she had had an injection of hyaluronic acid.
	Laura was different.
	She had a round face, but natural and lovely. Originally he thought that her temperament and face shape did not match the role Claire Ye with perseverance character.
	But he did not expect that she was good-looking after dressing up.
	She not only inspired Claire Ye’s forbearing temperament, but also had a kind of natural indifference and cold feeling.
	This was a complicated person.
	After all, she used to be a princess high above the empire, and her pride was sent out from the bones. Even if the country was destroyed, even if she could only endure shame in the hands of the enemy, she did not throw off the pride in the bones.
	So, she had to hide.
	But she could not hide them all, so he made such a character with all kinds of temperament.
	After Laura came out, Nathan nodded approvingly.
	The first scene was played by Hazel.
	This was a fight play. A middle-aged actress acted with them. The captured princess was thrown into the Imperial Office of DL Country to be a geisha, and the middle-aged actress acted a court lady of the Imperial Office, responsible for teaching disobedient Claire Ye and forcing her to obey orders.
	The play began soon.
	The court lady was sitting there. Claire Ye was marched forward by several strong men to kneel on the ground.
	The court lady looked at her and said, "I heard you don't want to learn dance?"
	Claire Ye just entered the palace. Although had experienced of national ruin, she still had princess's lofty and pride.
	She stared at the court lady indignantly. Her eyes were firm and cold.
	"I am a princess of the XY Country. How can I learn such cheap skills? Kill me as you please. There's no way I will obey!"
	Just then, a whip fell on her body.
	Claire Ye felt the pain and snorted, and the court lady sneered.
	"Princess? The XY Country has long been dead, and now you are just a humble sinful slave. His Majesty has already spared you a favor and let you join the Imperial Office. You don't be thankful, but you are stubborn and still call yourself the princess. Do you want a rebel?”
	The court lady’s tone was stern. Claire Ye’s face turned pale out of pain.
	After a while, she bit her teeth and spit, "bah!"
	That defiant air completely exasperated the court lady.
	She began to whip, and was about to hit again, but the maid next to her quickly persuaded her to stop.
	The maid whispered in her ear, “Court Lady, she was kept under his majesty's behest and sent to the Imperial Office for treatment. She may be summoned one of these days. If she gets hurt, I am afraid you will be published."
	The court lady seemed to be aware of this and could only suppress her temper.
	For a moment, she sneered.
	"If I can't teach you, can't I teach anyone else? Bring the people up to me!”
	There was silence on the stage.
	No one came up.
	Hazel looked at the open stage and was stunned.
	Natalia curled her lips.
	In costume dramas, many scenes were difficult to set up, so most of the time they needed to act in front of the green cloth.
	Nathan had the intention to test them and wanted them to act without real objects.
	For a moment, Hazel seemed to realize this and she looked gloomy.
	She was a web celebrity, and had not learnt acting skill. Although she had shot several plays in these years, they were all small productions.
	Some of the actors she cooperated with were basically the same as her level, and she did not want to learn it, so she had no progress in acting.
	Plus, she didn't really like this play. After all, the costume drama needed hard work, and there were many fighting scenes, so it must be tired.
	If it weren't for the size of the part and the size of the production, she wouldn't do it!
	Because of this, she didn't take it seriously at all. She thought she could make it without effort.
	But now there were no actors to act with her, how could she act?
	The court lady was already moving on to the rest of the story.
	"You are the princess of the XY Country. I dare not beat you, but these people are just a group of sinful slaves. Even if they die, no one care. So you have to learn it today. If you are obedient, they may survive, if you are not, don’t blame me then.”
Chapter 55 Too deep into the Play
	With these words she gave the whip a violent blow in the air.
	A crisp sound broke out, and Hazel was startled.
	She may be scared or nervous, and she stuttered and forgot lines.
	"Don't you dare do hurt them, I, I..."
	What was that after?
	Hazel’s face turned pale. Among the audience, Nathan frowned.
	Jessica's face was gloomy too.
	She spent a lot of effort to persuade Nathan let Hazel play this role, but today there was a competitor and Hazel did a bad job!
	It was not that she was good to Hazel, but these years she was in the entertainment industry alone, and she felt more or less isolated.
	Hazel was not only her cousin, but also signed up to work in her studio. Even if she became popular, she could only be a marionette in her hand.
	Not only that, a lot of things she could not deal with could be settled by Hazel. She was really a rare good pawn.
	Thinking of this, she turned her head and said to Nathan with a smile, "Hazel has been working hard all the time. It's her first time she takes part in your play. She is nervous."
	Nathan was still gloomy on face, but he said nothing.
	He saved Jessica’s face.
	Behind, Natalia silently hook her lips.
	She knew that sometimes even if she did nothing, the enemy had already messed up
	That was the power gap.
	Hazel finally remembered the lines, stumbling through the last half of the play.
	But the effect… well, that was a matter of opinion.
	Next, it was Laura's turn.
	Jessica looked down slightly. She suddenly thought of something and said, "Director Nathan, I've been acting for so long, but I've never tried to play the court lady. Let me act as the court lady this time!"
	Nathan frowned and didn’t think it was a good idea.
	But it was hard to say no, so he looked up at Laura.
	"What do you think?"
	Laura was surprised, too.
	However, since Nathan didn’t refuse, as a junior, she could not refuse.
	She could only nod, "Ok."
	Jessica smiled.
	After changing her clothes, she sat down in a chair.
	Laura acted as Claire Ye. She was also pressed by several strong men.
	Compared with Hazel's exaggeration, she was much more restrained and calm.
	Her eyes were fixed on the court lady sitting there, and though she did not speak, her cold eyes expressed her anger.
	"I heard you don’t want to learn dancing?" said the court lady coldly.
	Claire Ye knelt on the ground. With her hands tied, she raised her head proudly.
	Word by word, she said coldly, “I am a princess of the XY Country, how can I learn such cheap skills? Kill me as you please. There's no way I will obey!"
	The last four words were almost out gnashing of teeth.
	With courage and determination.
	The whip fell down.
	Claire Ye shivered all over out of pain.
	In the audience, Natalia suddenly changed her face.
	When Hazel auditioned, although the court lady waved a whip, she skillfully hit in the open space next to her.
	So even though it sounded loud, it didn't hit her.
	Jessica now took the whip and directly hit on Laura?
	Laura didn't seem to expect her to hit her, so she looked at Jessica in surprise, and Jessica was speaking her next line.
	She felt a burning pain in her arm but she quickly adjusted herself.
	She gritted her teeth and stared at the court lady in disgust. "Bah!" She spat.
	"If I can't teach you, can't I teach anyone else? Bring the people up to me!”
	It was still no physical performance.
	Laura was clearly better prepared than Hazel.
	Even if there was no one acting with her, it was realistic and emotional.
	Facing the air, she was angry and heartache, with endless pain and determination in the red eyes, but there was a hint of control over the helplessness.
	"Zhijun Guan ! Since you treated my people like this, if I turn over, I will kill you by a thousand cuts to pay for the blood of my clan!"
	Angry roar sounded in the stage. Claire Ye was pulled down by a group of strong men.
	The audition was over.
	There was a burst of applause from the audience.
	Natalia stood up and smiled at Nathan. "How is it, Director Nathan? Did the actress I recommended disappoint you?"
	Nathan nodded with a smile.
	"Very good, the performance is relaxed, even in the face of emergency, she quickly responded. She is worth cultivating."
	Natalia blinked her eyes and looked at Jessica who was walking back from the stage.
	"Sorry, Director Nathan, I was deep into the play and had not controlled myself well."
	Nathan waved his hand, "It doesn’t matter, but you should be careful. Although we pursue the play quality, we need to be reasonable, especially to protect the safety of actors."
	Jessica smiled, "Director Nathan, you are right."
	Then she looked at Natalia.
	"Sister, congratulations on getting a part for your actress."
	Natalia looked at her, ironically hooked lips.
	"When I heard you won an award last year, I always thought your acting was getting better! Today, you forgot what you were doing when acting with a junior actress. I think you are not that good."
	Jessica's complexion stiffened.
	At this time, Hazel and Laura had changed their clothes and came out.
	She took a deep breath and smiled, "I can understand your love for your actress, but I did that to better stimulate her mood. Laura, don't you think so?"
	She said, turning to look at Laura.
	Laura looked at Jessica, then at Natalia next to her.
	Although she was in grievance, she was only a small actress, if she said more, it will be unavoidable to cause trouble to Natalia.
	She could only nod, "Yes, you are right."
	Jessica showed a satisfied smile.
	Nathan found Natalia was angry, so he said with a smile.
	"Well, it is set. Natalia, you take her to my office to confirm the contract details when you are available. And Jessica, study about the script. The play is on in next month. We should shoot smoothly!"
	Jessica nodded, "Ok."
	Natalia's eyes turned, and she suddenly said, “Director Nathan, I have always liked the role Fanghua Xie. I learnt there is a sister rivalry play, can I try?"
	Hazel was unconvinced since her role had been taken away.
	Now hearing that she wanted to take part in, she immediately said in disdain, “You are not an actress, play what?"
	"I just want to play? My sister has always been so kind to me, I don't think she would mind doing something as simple as acting for me!"
	Natalia looked at Jessica with interest.
Chapter 56 On the Same Stage
	Jessica's face stiffened slightly.
	If she refused, she would be considered stingy.
	Fortunately, she had been acting for so many years, while Natalia had never acted, so it was conceivable that she knew nothing about acting at all.
	If she wanted to be insulted, let her be.
	Thinking like this, Jessica smiled with confidence.
	"Ok!”
	Seeing this, Nathan agreed.
	He sat back down behind the monitor with a vague sense of anticipation.
	After all, although he chose Jessica to act as Fanghua Xie, but to be honest, Jessica was not the most perfect candidate in his mind.
	But at present there was no other better choice, so he could only temporarily arrange this.
	As for Natalia, he was amazed at first sight.
	She had calm and indifferent temperament, which was similar with Fanghua Xie in his mind.
	But Natalia was not an actress after all, and it had never been heard that she wanted to have a career in acting.
	Therefore, even if Nathan had some ideas in his heart, he could only hold back.
	After all, acting was not a play of make-believe, although there were post-editing, acting skill was still important.
	Although Jessica was not the most perfect candidate in his heart, she had acting skill, and he believed, as long as he trained her, she could make it better.
	But now that they competed on the same stage, it was good.
	He wanted to see which one is better, the Fanghua Xie in his mind and the candidate he chose.
	Before long, Natalia and Jessica respectively changed the outfit and walked out from the backstage.
	Natalia was wearing a suit of armor, while Jessica was wearing a bright red palace suit.
	They were going to take on the most dramatic scene in the whole play.
	Natalia acted as the heroine Fanghua Xie, while Jessica acted Xie's younger sister, Liuse Xie.
	Fanghua Xie and Liuse Xie were originally the daughter of the prime minister of the XY Country. After the destruction of the XY Country, they and the princess Claire Ye were marched to the DL Country.
	Fanghua Xie had learnt martial arts since childhood, and was a good friend of Claire Ye, secretly had been shouldering the responsibility to protect her and her sister.
	But unexpectedly, short after they were in the DL Country, Claire Ye, in order to restore the country, voluntarily became the emperor's pet concubine.
	She and her sister Liuse Xie, because the ideal and three views were different, gradually ran in opposite directions.
	Liuse Xie fell in love with the prince of the DL Country. In order to married to the prince, she did not hesitate to betray Fanghua Xie and revealed the rest of the XY Country hiding place to the prince.
	Fanghua Xie broke the relationship with her and fled from the palace. After running through six countries, finally she led her remaining tribes raise the banner in the northwest region, and established the first state, known as the X Country, led by a female emperor.
	This scene was about Fanghua Xie led the troops into the DL Country. After many years, Liuse Xie had become the Empress Dowager. When they met again, it was time for final farewell.
	With the sound of "Action", the play began.
	Liuse Xie was sitting in the hall. The emperor was dead, and the new emperor was still young, so she, as empress dowager, attended to state affairs.
	However, at this time, a soldier outside the hall came to report.
	"News! Empress Dowager, X Country's army is attacking us!"
	There was a commotion in the hall.
	"What to do? We'd better run!"
	"We can't. The four gates from all direction have all been surrounded. Their people are everywhere."
	"Where is General Antonio? And the soldiers of the Hall of Martial Valor? Where have they all gone?"
	"They, they have been killed!"
	"......"
	The ministers were in a great uproar, but Empress Dowager, who was sitting on the dragon chair, remained expressionless and calm.
	Just then the door of the hall opened.
	Soldiers in black armor rushed in.
	"Don't kill the surrenders! And Kill the rest!"
	There was a sound of swords and soldiers fighting and screaming on the stage.
	Liuse Xie looked at the figure coming in from the door, and her face, like stagnant water, moved at last.
	Fanghua Xie, in a suit of black armor, holding a lance, came into the hall, domineering!
	On the auditorium, Nathan was looking at Natalia coming, and his pupils shrank.
	That was...
	The picture in his mind overlapped with what he saw, and he was instantly excited.
	This......This was exactly Fanghua Xie in his mind!
	The woman from the destroyed country wandered in troubled times. After experiencing separation with her families in the war, she hid gradually her tender feelings.
	Until the end, finally she came back!
	Not only Nathan, even the rest of the staff was stunned!
	They never knew a girl looked so good in armor!
	She was not weak, but heroic, without manliness. Her female beauty was domineering, highlighting her position for many years of domineering and majesty.
	God! She looked so cool!
	On the hall, Liuse Xie looked at the woman in the hall and clenched her hands in her sleeve.
	"Here you are."
	Simple three words were somewhat ironically bleak.
	Fanghua Xie took a cold look and someone had pulled Liuse Xie down from the throne.
	"Let go! I can walk myself!"
	She struggled a little, but she got a merciless slap!
	The person who hit her was Fanghua Xie.
	She said coldly “This slap if for your betray to me 15 years ago!"
	Fifteen years ago, Liuse Xie has climbed on the prince’s bed. Fanghua Xie wanted to escape from the palace, Liuse Xie promised to help her, but on the back she bebrayed Fanghua Xie.
	On that occasion, she was nearly killed by an arrow.
	Jessica's face slightly got to the side. It seemed that she did not expect that Natalia would hit her.
	But soon she realized that Natalia was getting even!
	In retaliation for the whip she had just given Laura.
	After all she was a film queen, although she was not that good, but she got the basic acting skill.
	After a second of anger, she changed her face.
	"Sister, do you know why I betrayed you?"
	Fanghua Xie looked at her, having the answer in her mind.
	She said slowly, "Since childhood, you have always been the best and the most beautiful. Dad loved you the most and Mom loved you the most. Even though were prisoners, the prince loved you.
	What is it in me that I am not as good as you? When it comes to poetry and painting, I am skillful than you. Although I can't do martial arts, it is a male thing. Why do they all like you?
	I swear I will not live in your shadow. I swear I will rise to the highest place, and I will step on you one day!"
Chapter 57 Vengeance of the Whip
	"I did it! But why? Why you have come to destroy me again?
	Do you know how hard it was for me to be the queen, how hard it was for me to be the Empress Dowager?
	Why can't you let me enjoy it a little longer when I can finally enjoy the feeling of being above others and don't have to be looked down upon?"
	Crying, shouting, she shed tears.
	Fanghua Xie didn't say anything.
	She looked at her once beloved sister for a moment, and then suddenly smiled.
	“You said nobody loves you? When you were a child, you stole Dad's jade fan. Who was the one to get beat for you?
	When you were ten years old, you fell into a pond and nearly drowned. Who risked the life to save you?
	When you were fifteen years old, we were taken together to the DL country..."
	There was a sudden break in her voice, as if she had been reminded of some terrible memory.
	Those clear and cool eyes caught a scarlet, with deep disappointment and hatred.
	"On the way, how many times have people tried to defile you? Who protected you again and again? Who was fighting them to death with a knife? Who was it! To protect you even if it cost me my own innocence?"
	And Liuse Xie was in a trance.
	She looked at Fanghua Xie blankly, as if with her sonorous words scene by scene flashed those long-lost past.
	When she was young, she was suddenly subjected to family incident, and before she knew what was happening, she and her sister were taken to the DL Country.
	All the way, her sister taught her hide her beauty with plaster, so that the thief would not think of her.
	But she was too fond of beauty, and though she said yes, she did not like it.
	Finally, one night, when everyone was asleep, she quietly washed the plaster off her face with water.
	She combed her hair as she admired her beautiful face in the water.
	But at that moment the soldiers behind saw her and rushed towards her as if they had found a rare treasure.
	She was so frightened that she kept screaming as hard as she could.
	In the end, her sister came out to save her.
	She did not know what her sister had told the soldiers.
	Later, the group of soldiers stopped pestering her and took her sister to the woods behind.
	She went back to sleep and woke up the next day. Her sister came back with bruises on her face, torn clothes and blood on her hands, but she said nothing had happened the night before.
	She didn't think much of it at the time. She just wondered why she hadn't seen the soldiers since.
	The young girl did not know what had happened, but now she was in her thirties.
	She already knew what had happened that night in the woods.
	It was just that she was not willing to admit and face it, as if the truth that made her regret would not exist as long as she avoided it.
	Liuse Xie looked at her sister and suddenly began to laugh.
	And the laughter turned into tears.
	It was like a wild animal's crying, with a shrill anguish and remorse.
	A soldier came trotting up with a wooden box in his hand.
	"Your Highness, the seal has been found."
	Fanghua Xie took it, took a look at it and nodded.
	She turned and went out, leading the men.
	Behind her suddenly came a sad and shrill roar, "sister!"
	She stopped, but did not look back.
	The setting sun shone in from outside the hall, putting a golden glow on the young female general. Her figure was as tall and straight as a pine, like the way she had been taught to practice guns when she was young.
	"Sister, I was wrong! I was wrong. Please spare me! We're sisters! You can't kill me, I'm your sister!”
	She fell on her face and crawled all the way, with tears and snot mixing. She no longer looked like the Empress Dowager of DL Country.
	The woman in the military uniform still did not look back, but her eyes, which were covered in the sunset glow, were stained with spots of red.
	Her face tightened, and the hand holding the seal trembled slightly.
	Her mind flashed the scene of climbing trees and playing mud with her sister over the wall when she was a child.
	But followed, there were countless clansmen, had tragic death in her hands.
	She closed her eyes and took a deep breath.
	After a long time, she said in a cold voice, "The Empress Dowager Liuse Xie of DL Country does not practice morality, goes rampant, and hurt the people, which is heinous! Kill her!"
	The sky thundered and a thunderstorm began to sound.
	Liuse Xie stood still and stared in disbelief at the woman standing at the door of the hall.
	The woman reached into her bosom and brought out a bottle of poison and laid it on the ground.
	“You were bitten by a snake when you were a child. It was I who sucked the poison out for you in spite of the danger. I lay in bed for three whole months and nearly lost my life. This is the poison extracted by snake, Use it!"
	With that, she ignored Liuse Xie and strode away.
	That was the end of the play.
	Only the weird thing was that the whole studio didn't have a sound.
	Natalia was embarrassed.
	Was she terrible?
	Not so! She had just put everything she knew about the character into it.
	Suddenly, a burst of applause broke out.
	Looking up, she saw Nathan.
	He stood up from behind the monitor, with a look of disbelief, looking at Natalia excitedly.
	"Great! Great!"
	As he spoke, the rest of the audience pulled themselves out of the action, and then began to applaud.
	"It's wonderful! Fancy acting is like that!"
	"Yeah, I almost thought it was real."
	"I am so moved!”
	Natalia breathed a sigh of relief.
	She had just proposed to play the scene because, in addition to avenging Laura, it had impressed her so much when she first read the script.
	Sane for this paragraph of sisterhood affection, more regret that fortitude female general.
	She wanted actually was not the world!
	It was just the most ordinary things in the world, such as parental affection and sisterhood, which were easily available to ordinary people, but for her, they would never be able to get.
	Obviously she had played it very successful, but Natalia suddenly had some lost.
	Nathan came forward and smiled, “Good job, the whole process gives people a fresh feeling, really amazing!"
	Jessica intentionally covered a face and forced to smile, "Thank you, Director Nathan."
	However, Nathan did not pay much attention to her now.
	She didn't even notice she was covering her face.
	Instead, he stared at Natalia closely and even asked with an ingratiating smile, "Natalia, do you really like this play?"
	Natalia was confused.
	She didn't know why he asked her that.
	She could only nod. "Yes, I read it two years ago when it first came out, and I loved it then."
	Nathan excitedly rubbed his hands as if he had picked up treasure.
	"Good, good."
	Looking at this scene, Jessica faintly had some uneasy feeling for no reason.
	Did he want Natalia to act in the play?
Chapter 58 He Wants to Change the Character
	Kidding?
	It was a production cost four hundred million, and he wanted a new guy with no experience at all to act in it?
	Was Nathan crazy?
	Jessica felt that was impossible. Although Natalia's performance was really good, in her opinion, it was her led well.
	So, she didn't give it a second thought.
	But she said to Nathan with a sweet voice, “Director Nathan, you only praised my sister and forgot me."
	Nathan noticed her now and said with a smile, “You are good too. What is wrong with your face?"
	Seeing he finally noticed her face, Jessica forced a smile.
	"It doesn't matter, my sister just slapped me. It is ok."
	Natalia looked at her and smiled, “I'm sorry, I just got too deep into the play and I did not control myself well, but I did so, in fact, is for better stimulate your mood, sister, am I right?"
	Natalia said the words what Jessica had said to Laura.
	Jessica's face was stiff.
	At this time, Nathan finally realized that there was something wrong between the two people.
	This dialogue... was explosive!
	But they were sisters, and if there was any hatred, it was not for him as a stranger.
	So then he said with a smile, “It is Natalia’s first time to act in a play and she had no experience. Jessica, please be tolerant. The audition has ended, everybody can leave now. Natalia, when you are available, take her to sign the contract?"
	Natalia said with a smile, "Any time."
	"This afternoon, then. I'll call you."
	"Good."
	After the agreement, Natalia left with Laura first.
	And on the other side, Jessica looked at the happy Nathan, in the end she could not press the suspicion in heart.
	She asked with anxiety, “Director Nathan, you asked my sister about this play, have you got any idea?"
	Nathan took a look at her.
	To be honest, if not for Natalia, Jessica was indeed the only person in the entertainment circle who was suitable for the role of Fanghua Xie.
	But now it seemed that she acted well as Liuse Xie!
	Compared with the cool and aloof character of Fanghua Xie, she was more suitable to act as Liuse Xie's delicate and scheming role.
	However now it had not been settled down, so Nathan said nothing, lest neither of them act in the play.
	So he smiled, "No, don't think about it. You study more about the play. Don't fix your eyes on one character, and look into the hearts of the others. It helps.”
	Jessica thought he meant that studying other characters would help her portray Fanghua Xie in a better way.
	So she didn't think much about it and nodded.
	After all the people left, Nathan held the computer to go to the Mccarthy group.
	The play's biggest investor was Annita International.
	In other words, it was Archie.
	When Nathan came holding the computer,, Archie was having lunch.
	He was busy. Usually if there were outsiders, Archie usually let Brian call takeaway and he would have lunch in the office.
	So, when Nathan arrived, he saw Archie sitting on the sofa in the office, eating takeaway food.
	He hurriedly walked over and said with a smile, “Uncle, having lunch?"
	Archie looked at him with a raised eyebrow and continued eating.
	“Yes?”
	"I will wait until you finish eating."
	Then holding the computer he sat down on the single sofa opposite Archie.
	Archie was picky about food. After he was in J City, in addition to the food Dottie cook, he only had the food from Green Water Villa.
	So, every day at noon, Brian sent people to take the food in advance.
	The people over there would pack it in an insulated box, and when it arrived, it would be just right in color and taste.
	Nathan looked at the food and could not help but swallow.
	His stomach growled twice.
	He had been busy since early in the morning, had seen two audition in succession, and it was half past twelve noon now, he still hadn't had his dinner!
	But in front of Archie, he did not dare to presumptuous.
	Archie took another look at him and saw him staring eagerly at the dishes on the table. The saliva almost flowed from the corners of his mouth.
	He felt funny in the heart, but did not show a bit on the face, but made an internal call.
	"Brian, send tableware here."
	Nathan was stunned and waved his hand, knowing what Archie wanted to to.
	"No, no, Uncle, I, I ate!"
	"Oh, Brian, put the tableware back! No need now."
	Nathan: ...
	He was really being polite, he swore.
	Unexpectedly, Archie was so serious!
	Nathan had no tears to cry.
	Until a minute later Brian came with a new set of tableware, he just suddenly understood.
	He turned to look at Archie, who was showing a wry smile.
	Nathan took over the tableware and said, "Thank you, Uncle."
	In fact, Archie almost finished. At least he was a distant nephew. Although he was nearly 20 years older than himself, how could he not let his nephew wait for him with hunger all the time?
	So he put down the bowl and chopsticks, took a tissue to wipe his mouth and said, “Clean up when you finish, I gotta have lunch break."
	With that, he was about to go into the inner lounge.
	Seeing this, Nathan quickly got up.
	"Wait, wait a minute."
	Archie turned his head.
	Nathan hurriedly swallowed the food in his mouth, came to him holding the computer.
	"Uncle, I have something to tell you."
	Archie frowned, "What is it?"
	"I want to change the actress!"
	...
	Next, Nathan put the computer on the table, clicked on the scene recorded this morning, and turned the screen toward Archie.
	"I swear, I didn't make a random decision, but this actress is so good! She not only had the strength, but also was pretty! The most important thing is that she is exactly the same as Fanghua Xie in my mind!
	Such an actress has everything, but there is no opportunity. If you can sign her to Annita International and let her act the heroine of this play, I promise, she will be a hit! In the future, she is absolutely the most valuable cash cow in your hand!"
	Archie said nothing, but fixed his eyes on the screen.
	On the screen, the woman in a black armor had cold temperament. With her agile action and resolute eyes, it was amazing!
	Until the video was finished watching, the woman back was fixed in the final frame.
	Under the sunset glow, she was so lonely but strong, like a standing pine, with once ideal and lost relatives, walking on her imperial road!
	After playing the video, Nathan looked at Archie with expectation, "How is it?"
Chapter 59 Nothing but Her
	Archie sat back in his chair and looked at him half-smiling.
	"I think I said I'm only in charge of the investment. I'm not involved in the casting or filming.'"
	Nathan smiled in embarrassment.
	"I know, but this is a special situation!"
	He swallowed, feeling a little weak after all.
	Nathan laughed lazily.
	"Oh? What's the special case?"
	"Well, my thinking now is that since Natalia is so suitable to act as Fanghua Xie, she can take the part, and Jessica can acts as Liuse Xie if she wants, but in this way, uh... Her investment may be coming to an end, so..."
	He smiled sheepishly, meaning self-evident.
	Archie raised his eyebrows.
	"Want me to invest more?"
	Nathan nodded.
	“All right!”
	Archie opened the desk drawer, took out a check and scrawled a few notes on it.
	Then, he threw it at Nathan.
	"I will personally invest another 50 million! On condition that Natalia is not allowed to take part in the play!"
	Nathan's eyes widened.
	He looked at the check on the table, then at Archie in disbelief.
	"No, why, why?"
	He already had a plan in his mind about how to persuade Natalia to participate in the play.
	From today's performance, he could assure, Natalia was absolutely good.
	There were two kinds of actors, those born and those acquired.
	The acquired was to improve acting skills through efforts, while those born waa suitable for the screen and the stage since they were born.
	He had been doing this for decades and could not be mistaken. Natalia was really a talented actor. And with a little polish, the show would shine!
	He couldn't figure out why Archie had refused!
	Archie sat there, looking at him and sneering.
	"You can choose anyone to act the heroine but her! I won't tell you anymore. Get out of here!”
	Nathan's face was constantly changing.
	He wanted to be angry, but he dared not, wanted to argue, but Nathan would not listen to him.
	Finally, he got up and walked out in anger.
	Halfway through, he remembered something, turned back and took the check and computer away together.
	Archie sneered, looking at him leaving angrily.
	Kidding? Let his woman to take part in the play?
	It was wind and sunny and there were so much fights, what if she got injury?
	On top of that, there were sex scenes and kissing scenes?
	Dreaming!
	On the other side, Natalia did not know she had been rejected by someone.
	After lunch, she received message from Nathan and took Laura go to his company.
	After the contract was signed, and when she was to leave, Nathan looked at her with guilty and said a lot of irrelevant words.
	Natalia was confused.
	But she didn't think twice about it. Now that Laura had a job, she had to find an assistant.
	In the past the personnel department the company was in a mess. In the afternoon, she returned to the company and sorted out the personnel things. After arranging a smart assistant to her, she then felt relieved.
	The case of Stephen had something to look forward to.
	After her reminder, Stephen finally through the account found that woman had recently a few large funds.
	The person who remitted money to her was none other than Stephen's mother, Archie's aunt, Norah Sue.
	Now that was crazy!
	It reminded that the evil mother-in-law forced her son's Cinderella girlfriend away with money.
	But logically, even if his mother wanted to force his girlfriend away, or if she wanted them to become enemies and never see each other again, there was no reason to joke about his son's future.
	Natalia felt confused and later learnt that his mother did not agree him to enter entertainment circle.
	In her opinion, even if he was popular in the entertainment circle for a lifetime, the upper limit was just a popular star.
	Compared with the Mccarthy family, it was just like an ant that could be pinched to death at any time. It was of no use at all.
	His mother wanted to let him follow his cousin in business, but Stephen was not interested in doing business.
	So, Stephen’s mother gave this bad strategy.
	After listening to this, Natalia felt speechless.
	What the fuck was this?
	Stephen was very calm.
	He said very politely on the phone that it might not be convenient to expose his mother, in other words, he could not tell the whole truth to the public, so he had to find another way to solve it.
	Natalia agreed.
	When she asked about the girl again, she found that she had already found a new lover. At that time, she probably thought that she would break up anyway and it would be good to make some money, so she agreed to her mother's request.
	Natalia soon got in touch with the girl.
	In some ways, she obtained the edited audio and video clips and forced her to confess publicly on Weibo that she had lied.
	Natalia gave her some leeway.
	She did not say she accepted money for framing, but made up lies since she was not willing to break up.
	After all, a girl who was not willing to give up on her boyfriend was much easier to be forgiven than one who framed her ex-boyfriend for money.
	Follow-up, of course, was still needed.
	Although the video of the apology had been made public, Stephen’s image had been damaged to some extent.
	However, he had a big production of play to broadcast. Natalia heard of that play before, it was good, and Stephen performed well, so it should be able to restore many public praise for him.
	She also personally wrote several public soft articles and sent it out with her own private account.
	As expected, the effect was good. Gradually, many people said Stephen was being wrong.
	The fans pressed by public opinion also began to fight back.
	It took time for the storm to pass over completely.
	After all this, Natalia knew that the follow-up would not have any problems, so she felt relieved.
	Now, it was time to think about herself!
	In the evening, it was still early when Natalia returned home.
	Dinner had not been ready yet. It was not even six o’clock yet. Archie won't be back for more than half an hour.
	Natalia went into the kitchen and found Dottie and several servants were busy in the kitchen.
	Everyone looked at her curiously as she came in.
	Natalia said, "Don't worry about me. I'm just looking around."
	Dottie smiled, "Mrs. Mccarthy, the smoke is heavy in the kitchen, you better go out to sit! If you're hungry, shall I bring you a bowl of soup first? Mr. Archie should be back soon."
	Natalia smiled. "What are you serving tonight?"
	Although Dottie did not know why she asked this, she truthfully answered.
	"Braised bamboo shoots with mushrooms, fish in vinegar, diced spicy and sour lotus root, lily and lotus seed soup, dumplings with three fresh shrimp..."
	Hearing the names made one's mouth water.
	After listening to the menu, Natalia pointed to the two dishes.
	"Are these two dishes ready?"
	Dottie was stunned and then replied, “Not yet."
	"All right, then I'll cook these two dishes."
	As soon as she said it, Natalia changed her clothes and put on her apron and walked into the kitchen.
	A group of servants, though surprised, were relieved when they heard that she was serving for Archie.
	They had good relationship. The man was handsome and the woman was beautiful. According to the speed of development of this feeling, the villa should soon welcome a small young master!
Chapter 60 Wants to Kiss Her
	The servants' hearts were gaily pleased.
	They were good-looking, so their baby would be very cute!
	Natalia did not know what they were thinking.
	She was still thinking about how to mention it to Archie when he came back.
	At 6:30, the black Rolls-Royce pulled into the courtyard, and Archie came back.
	The servants had put food on the table.
	Natalia changed the clothes, obediently sitting in front of the table, waiting for him.
	It was the first time that Archie saw her so lovely. He was a little surprised. He glanced at the food and found two dishes that were different from the previous ones.
	But he said nothing, pretending not to see them.
	Natalia greeted him with a smile. "You've come back! Sit down and eat!"
	Archie nodded, took the hot towel from the servant and wiped his hands before sitting down.
	The first dish was the mushroom braised bamboo shoots made by Natalia.
	These years Natalia had been taking care of herself, so she was good at cooking, but Archie was picky, she was not confident to make him satisfied.
	She was afraid he didn't like it, and tonight's negotiation would be even more hopeless.
	Archie took a piece of bamboo shoot and put it in his mouth.
	Natalia looked at him and when found him frowned, she was nervous.
	"Well? Is it good?"
	Nathan looked at her, "You made it?"
	Er...
	Natalia did not know whether she should admit it. What if he did not like it?
	As she wanted to deny, Dottie said with a smile, “Sir, this dried mushroom braised bamboo shoots and sweet and sour fish were made by Mrs. Mccarthy specially for you!"
	Natalia, “......"
	Why did this Dottie talk so much?
	She had to show an embarrassing smile, "I do it casually, if you don't like it, don't eat."
	Then she reached out to move the two dishes away.
	But no sooner had she reached out her hand than she was stopped.
	Archie looked at her with a smile in his eyes.
	"Since when did I say I didn't like it?
	Natalia was stunned.
	He took a piece of sweet and sour fish in the bowl and had it slowly, as if he was enjoying it.
	Natalia: ...
	So why did you frown then?
	Dottie's recipes basically avoided the food they didn’t like, so even if Natalia casually picked two of them, it would be fine.
	Coincidentally, she and Archie had similar tastes.
	They didn't like spicy food. Natalia preferred sweet and sour food, and Archie didn’t like it or dislike it.
	Since he did not reject the food, Natalia finally was relieved.
	Nathan looked at her with a smile and asked, "Do you need you help?"
	Natalia smiled sheepishly, "I want to discuss something with you."
	"After dinner."
	After dinner, Archie went to his study to answer the phone.
	Natalia went to the kitchen and cut a plate of fruit, then went up with the fruit plate.
	As soon as she entered the room, she saw him sitting behind a computer desk in what looked like a video conference.
	Natalia was hesitated, not knowing whether to go in.
	Then Archie looked up and waved at her.
	On the screen of his computer was an office in Atlantic, where executives from the overseas branch of Mccarthy's company were reporting to him collectively.
	Natalia dared not disturb him, walked to the sofa and sat down, and then put the fruit plate on the tea table.
	After three years overseas, she was good at English and French, but she still had trouble understanding the complex vocabulary of videoconferencing.
	Time passed slowly.
	Natalia was bored, sitting on the sofa, holding his chin and having the fruit with a fork casually.
	Behind the desk, Archie looked at her. The two lips on her delicate face were moving, like two pieces of attractive jelly, which made him want to bite.
	His Adam's apple rolled.
	The meeting that originally needed to be held for one and a half hours was finished in less than forty minutes.
	"You said you have something to discuss with me. What is it?"
	Natalia hurriedly got up and said after she found him finish his work, “Oh, here it is. I am now in charge of Xunghui Culture, but the current situation of the company is not good. I want to discuss with you that can we associate it with Annita International? Then we can share the resources."
	With that, she became embarrassed.
	It was really unnecessary for Annita International to cooperate with such a small company as Xunghui Culture since it had reached its current scale.
	Archie was not short of her share of the money.
	But Natalia really could not think of any other better way. The company was in a semi-paralysis state. If there were no good resources, the future would be hard to be good.
	Most importantly, no matter what happened next, she did not want to stand against Annita International.
	Therefore, it was better to cooperate with it in advance.
	Archie looked at her and chuckled.
	"Want me to help?"
	Natalia squeezed an ingratiating smile and nodded.
	"HMM...I can do that."
	The man sat in his leather chair, fingered the arms, and casually asked, "How are you going to bribe me?"
	Natalia was stunned.
	Nathan looked at her, with a smile in his dark pupils.
	A deep blush crept over her face as she thought of something.
	She dropped his eyes slightly and mumbled, "How can I bribe you..."
	Archie smiled, leaned closer to her and lowered his voice. "Mrs. Mccarthy, if you really want to bribe me, there are many ways, and you know it."
	Natalia: ...
	The men were very close, and the clear smell was on the tip of her nose, with the heavy smell of male hormones.
	Later, she thought that she probably was influenced by the desire for profit, so he kissed him at that moment.
	The warm touch carried light sweet fragrance and pressed on his lip lightly.
	Archie's pupil trembled slightly.
	He reacted quickly and pulled her back at the moment she retreated.
	Natalia did not stand still and fell into his arms. The next second, the back of her head was held down and a hot kiss fell down on her lips.
	Archie kissed fiercely.
	He had been cold and never been so fierce in his temper, and Natalia was taken aback, but did not realized what had happened.
	By the time she realized what had happened, his tongue was in his mouth.
	The man fiercely attacked her mouth, which was extremely inconsistent with his domineering manner.
	It had been a long time.
	Archie finally released her.
	Natalia was panting. Her palm-sized face flushed. Her clear eyes were wet, like a poor little beast. And her swollen lips were glittering with water by his kiss.
	Archie stared at her, with his throat tightening, and he felt like kissing her again.
	"Mrs. Mccarthy, are you trying to seduce me?"
	He whispered in a hoarse voice.
Chapter 61 He Has Conditions
	Natalia was surprised and finally reacted.
	It was hard to believe that she was tempted by this man to kiss with him, or in such an extremely ambiguous and dangerous posture!
	With a cry of surprise, she tried to rise.
	However, Archie was sitting in a chair close to his desk.
	She rose with such a jerk that she hit the corner of the table on her waist, gave a cry of pain, and fell back heavily.
	Archie's face changed.
	After catching her, he quickly reached out to rub the spot where she had been hit.
	"Why so careless? Does it hurt? Come, show me."
	The man's big palm was only separated by a thin layer of cloth on her waist, the hot temperature passed through the palm, so that Natalia suddenly stretched all over.
	She pressed his hand, which was trying to examine her wound, and shook her head.
	There were tears in her eyes because of pain, but she still gnashed her teeth and said, “I am ok, it doesn’t hurt."
	Archie frowned slightly.
	He said nothing more, but lifted her sideways with a grim face and strode off to the bedroom.
	Natalia was startled and struggled for several times in vain. She grabbed his clothes and said in a hurry, "Archie, what are you doing? Put me down!"
	There were so many servants at home, all watching downstairs!
	But Archie turned a deaf ear to her. In the astonished sight of several servants downstairs, he carried her back to the bedroom through the corridor.
	As soon as she touched the bed, she jumped into it.
	Nathan also did not force her, took a cold look at her, and then turned around to take out a piece of ointment from the drawer.
	"Take off your clothes!”
	He said coldly.
	Natalia covered her clothes, blushing like ripe tomatoes, hanging eyes and daring not look at him.
	"I'll do it myself."
	She said, reaching for his ointment.
	But all of a sudden he laughed, avoided her hand, and lifted up her clothes.
	"Ah! Archie, how could you do this?"
	Cried Natalia, who was seized by a man and pressed over his head with his hands. She turned over and lay on the bed, even her delicate legs were suppressed by his knees.
	The woman's resistance was muffled in the pillow and dissolved into a muffled sob.
	Archie's face was cold and he looked at the red mark on her fair skin.
	It had only been two minutes and there was already a tendency to bruise.
	He was expressionless. With one hand he unscrewed the lid, squeezed some ointment into his hand, and pressed it against her wound.
	"Ah, it hurts......"
	Natalia shouted vaguely.
	Archie said coldly, “Why were you so careless? You have grown up and you could not even notice a table?"
	Natalia was wronged badly.
	Obviously he took advantage of the trouble to kiss her, and now she has been hit like this, he still scolded her!
	Archie found that she was stupefied and said, "Are you dumb?"
	Natalia slanted her head and roared angrily, "I don't want to talk to you!"
	Her face was crimson, and the tears were in the corners of her eyes out of pain, like a petulant little lion with its tusks pulled out.
	Archie couldn't help laughing.
	Her rough fingers rubbed against her delicate skin, feeling silky and creamy, it was unbelievably good.
	His breathing gradually became heavy.
	In the depths of his body, the heat that had just been pressed down soon began to rise faintly.
	Natalia gradually realized something, feeling ambiguous and dangerous accompanied by the man's fingertip moving, which made her flurried.
	"Are you done?" she said, “Let me go if you're done!"
	This time, Archie didn't insist.
	After all, he couldn't guarantee what would happen if he pressed her again.
	After he got up, Natalia hurriedly stood up and arranged her clothes.
	Archie turned and went to the bathroom.
	He came out after a long while.
	Natalia could guess what he was going to do, so she got flushed.
	She always felt that the longer she spent with this man, the more dangerous in some ways it was.
	But it reflected that this man was a gentleman.
	He fulfilled his promise to her before marriage.
	He would never touch her without her permission.
	Thinking of this, Natalia showed a smile.
	Archie went out to fill two glasses of water and came in, with his eyes fixed on her.
	"I can let Xunghui Culture affiliate with Annita International, but I have conditions."
	"What conditions?"
	"You join Annita International as Director of PR department for Annita International."
	Natalia was stunned.
	She never thought he would ask for it.
	Archie explained, "Although Annita International develops very fast, it has the disadvantage of being fast. Although resources are our strength, our talent department, especially PR department, is our weakness due to the rapid development. So I hope you can come and help me build a strong and effective PR team."
	Natalia was stunned there.
	The weak position of PR department of Annita International, in the case of Stephen before early actually, was faintly perceived by her.
	Otherwise, such a case, which was not too complicated, would not have dragged on for half a month.
	And with her help, it was solved in the end.
	But it was different to hear it from Archie.
	Natalia was actually hesitant.
	In one hand, she had to deal with Xunghui Culture, so she was worried that she could not do a good job in Annita International.
	In the other hand, if she agreed to become the director of Anning's international public relations department, then she would be a direct subordinate of Archie.
	Whether out of self-interest or for other reasons, Natalia was reluctant to have a subordinate relationship with Archie.
	She was hesitating and Archie suddenly said, "If you agree, you have priority to choose Annita International's resources in the future."
	Natalia's eyes became bright.
	"Really?"
	"Of course."
	"Good! Deal!"
	There was a big difference between being attached to shared resources and prioritizing resources.
	One was to find the meat to eat from the joints of other people's leftover meat; the other was to eat a pot of meat that had just been boiled, and eat whatever piece you want.
	For Xunghui Culture, it was equivalent to have a direct promotion channel, and it was VIP kind!
	Natalia could not help but beaming.
	She accepted it even if she had to be in the same company as this man in the future.
	Archie looked at her happy appearance and bent his lips.
	"Sell yourself like that? Are you sure you don't want to think about it?"
	Natalia blinked.
	A pair of bright eyes stared at him seriously, "so you will bully me?"
	Archie: ...
	This girl learnt to fight back!
	Natalia could not help laughing. She waved her hand with two steps backward.
	"Mr. Archie, that is the deal. Tomorrow I will come to you to sign a contract. Don’t go back to your words. I take a bath first."
	With that, she took the clothes into the bathroom.
	Archie looked at her back and smiled.
Chapter 62 Wait for Him to Go Home
	The next day, Natalia went directly to Annita International.
	After signing a series of contracts, Xunghui Culture reached a cooperation with Annita International.
	Because it was an order from Archie, thought the executives of the company were surprised, they dare not say anything.
	After signing the contract, Brian brought Natalia to the public relations department and directly announced the identity of her public relations director.
	These two years, Natalia had already made a reputation in Glory Group.
	Most of her peers, despite her low profile, knew her and recognized her abilities.
	When they learned that Mr. Archie invited her over, they couldn't help but be very happy.
	Of course, there were a few senior people who thought that they could finally have the opportunity to take the post of director, but unexpectedly she came and seemed to have snatched their position.
	There were some complaints about this, but they dared not say anything since she was welcomed.
	Natalia first got to know the personnel in the department, and then left after she said she would be at work the next day.
	After leaving Annita International, she went back to Xunghui Culture.
	When she took over Xunghui Culture, she made a phone call to Elsa.
	This day, Elsa came after resignation procedures.
	For the arrival of this right-hand assistant, Natalia naturally was happy.
	With her help, coupled with Mr. Lam, temporarily she had nothing to worry about Xunghui Culture.
	After taking Elsa to get to know the company’s environment, Natalia received a phone call and someone wanted to see her shop.
	She just remembered she had not dealt with the shop she wanted to transfer.
	She would have almost forgotten about it if someone hadn't called.
	After work, Natalia did not go directly back to Mccarthy mansion, but went to the shop.
	The person she had made an appointment with had already arrived. After asking, she knew that he was a relative of Mila.
	Mila helped her take care of the shop for such a long time, so she was clear about the profit. And there was such a good opportunity, naturally she could not wait to inform her family.
	Natalia smiled, said nothing and gave them discount.
	The transfer procedure went over smoothly.
	When all this was done, it was eight o'clock in the evening.
	Natalia made a call to Mccarthy mansion and let Dottie do not have to prepare her dinner.
	It happened that Archie worked overtime tonight and should not go back.
	She went out of the shop, only to find that it had begun to rain.
	It was now late autumn, and there was chill in the air from the north, which was intensified by the rain.
	She bundled up her sweater and send WeChat messages to him as she walked to the garage.
	He was still in the company as expected, so she drove to the Green Water Villa.
	She only found out Archie’s taste last night while cooking.
	Knowing that he was picky and only eat the food cooked by Dottie and that from Green Water Villa, so even though it was late, she personally came.
	Fortunately, there were a few cars in the night, and her position was near Green Water Villa, so it was not troublesome.
	She packed a few dishes from the villa, and then went straight to the Mccarthy Group.
	In the president's office, Archie was still in a meeting.
	As the current owner of the group, he was busy and had to make decision on every kind of business.
	In addition, recently the overseas electronic technology newly developed had results, which Archie attached importance to, so he rest assured only when he got to know about it. Therefore recently there were many overseas meetings.
	When Natalia arrived, a picture of the other party's conference room was projected on the big screen in the office.
	She was stunned for a moment, and then she said nothing and walked quietly in.
	When Archie saw her coming, he quickly ended the meeting and stood up.
	“Is it raining?”
	He asked with a slight frown when he saw that she seemed to be wet.
	Natalia smiled, wiped the hair just accidentally got wet the rain, put the food on the table and said, “It is small rain, it is estimated that it will end in the beginning of winter."
	Seeing this, Archie said nothing, but quietly turned up the temperature in the office.
	Natalia said, “I know you haven't had a meal, so I specially went to Green Water Villa and packed some food. How do you feel? Do I feel that I care about you?"
	Archie smiled.
	"I feel honored to be cared for so much by you, Mrs. Mccarthy."
	He said with a smile, which made Natalia could not help but quiver.
	The subject, which she had initiated, was hastily dropped.
	The two of them sat down in the office and finished their meal. Archie poured her a cup of warm water and cleared up the leftovers on the table himself. Then he said, "I'm going to work for a while. You rest here and wait for me to go home, ok?”
	Natalia was very tired today, so she did not plan to drive home by herself. She nodded her head.
	Archie smiled and rubbed her head, and then walked back to his desk to get back to work.
	Natalia sat on the sofa and played on the phone, holding the cup.
	After reading the news and scrolling through Weibo for a while, she felt her eyelids twitching and her head getting drowsy.
	Thinking that maybe it was because she was too tired today, she didn't think much about it. Seeing that Archie seemed to have to work for a long while, she put down her cup, took a pillow and lied down.
	It was an hour later when Archie finished his work.
	Natalia was here, so he did not want to work too late. He turned off the computer and stood up, only to find that she fell asleep on the sofa.
	Nathan frowned slightly, walked over, bent to pat her shoulder gently.
	"Natalia, we're going home."
	The woman on the sofa raised her eyebrows slightly but did not respond.
	He reached for her forehead.
	The temperature was high. He slightly frowned, and in the next second, his hand was patted once.
	The woman, still asleep, seemed to resent his intrusion, and waved her hand against his hand and muttered something.
	Nathan couldn't help laughing.
	He turned to look out the window. It was still raining, and even with the heat on, it was too easy to catch a cold sleeping like that.
	He turned to take his coat and put it over Natalia's body before bending over to pick her up.
	Outside, as Archie's personal assistant, Brian had been waiting.
	Seeing him hold Natalia to come out, he was surprised and then lowered his head.
	"President, do you want to go home?"
	"Yes."
	Nathan carried Natalia downstairs and she did not wake up until she got into the car.
	He did not want to wake her up, but let her sleep on his arms. In thy midway he just told Brian to turn up the temperature.
	There was silence in the carriage.
	It was not until nearly home that Natalia woke up faintly.
	"Huh? How am I in the car?"
	She rubbed her eyes and looked vaguely out of the window.
	The man's chuckle came from overhead. "Are you awake?"
Chapter 63 Fall to the Ground During Bath
	Natalia was stunned, looked up and saw the handsome face of Archie.
	With a slight start, she was about to sit up.
	However, the space of the carriage was limited, and the man was tall and she was held in his lap, when she straightened up, her head suddenly hit the roof of the car.
	"Look out!”
	Fortunately, Archie had a quick reaction and put his hand on her head.
	Natalia bumped into his hand. Archie held her on his lap and said quietly, "Don't move. We'll be home soon."
	Natalia had to obediently stay still and asked in confuse, “I fell asleep?"
	"Yes. You've caught a cold. When you get home, ask Dottie to cook some ginger soup for you."
	Natalia frowned and raised her hand to her forehead.
	It seemed to be a little hot.
	When the car arrived home, they got off. Archie ordered the servant to cook ginger soup and ordered her to go back to her room immediately for a hot bath.
	There was heating in the room, and the hot bath helped to keep the cold off. Natalia went obediently.
	But unexpectedly, he heard upstairs came a scream as she went upstairs.
	"Ah!!"
	Archie's face changed and he hurried upstairs.
	The bedroom door was open, the bathroom door was closed and the light was on.
	Archie frowned and knocked on the door.
	“What's the matter, Natalia?”
	For a moment, the inside came Natalia stuffy voice, "I'm OK! Leave me alone!"
	Just by listening to the sound, he heard her tolerance and pain.
	Archie's face became darker.
	“Open the door!”
	There was no more answer.
	There was a faint rustling sound.
	Archie's face became darker and darker. He found the key and opened the door.
	At the moment the door opened, his pupil shrank.
	He was surprised.
	Natalia wrapped in a towel, fell to the ground, with her head full of bubbles. She was lying next to the bathtub with an extremely twisted posture.
	Seeing him, Natalia had reached out her hands rubbing her leg to cover her face, feeling embarrassed.
	Archie walked in.
	"Mrs. Mccarthy, are you putting on a bathing show?"
	He crouched down beside her.
	"Get out! Get out of here!"
	Natalia was so embarrassed. She didn't even care about her face and wanted to push him away.
	Archie took hold of her wrist and, seeing that one of her legs was lying in an eerie, straight position, reached out and grabbed her ankle.
	"Have leg cramp?”
	Natalia did not want to admit it, but nodded.
	She turned away awkwardly, not looking at him.
	Archie's eyes darkened for a moment, and then he picked her up and put her on the washbasin next to him.
	Natalia hurriedly yanked the bath towel on the body.
	The man did nothing but take her by the ankle and rub it.
	His technique was good, and the strength was not too light or too heavy, soon, her leg that could not move because of cramp became better.
	"Better?"
	He asked softly.
	Natalia nodded.
	The bath lamp was turned on in the bathroom, and the temperature was very hot. Archie found her only wrapped in a bath towel, biting his lips with a face of awkwardness and helplessness. He inexplicably felt a trace of parched tongue.
	He straightened up and put his hands at her sides.
	"Mrs. Mccarthy, if you try to seduce me, can you try another time? I don't want to attack a patient."
	Natalia’s face suddenly became flushed.
	"Archie! When did I seduce you?"
	Archie smiled.
	"Don't get excited. Watch out the towel falls off."
	He said, and his eyes rested on her breast with meaning.
	Natalia immediately covered the hand in the chest more tightly.
	The smile between Archie's eyes was deeper. He considered that she was sick and did not tease her. He held her back in the bathtub and then turned to leave.
	When Natalia came out of the bath, there was a bowl of ginger soup and two cold pills on the table in the bedroom.
	Archie sat down on the sofa and pointed to the soup and medicine. "Drink it, don’t leave a drop."
	Natalia frowned.
	She hated the spicy stuff.
	She didn’t like spicy food at all.
	The corner of the eye glimpsed the man on the sofa. He did not raise his head but said lightly, “I don't mind to feed you personally."
	Natalia was stunned.
	She carried it up, pinched her nose and drank it up.
	After drinking it, she took the medicine.
	Archie was satisfied.
	After giving the bowl back, he came back, put her on the bed, and covered her with the quilt.
	"Sleep well and tomorrow you will be fine."
	Natalia's head was very drowsy, and she did not have the strength to say anything more. She fell asleep soon.
	When she woke up the next day, she did get better.
	Archie had already got up and was waiting for her in the downstairs dining room.
	Natalia went downstairs and greeted to Dottie who was delivering the breakfast, “Dottie, thank you for the ginger soup last night, I am much better today."
	Dottie smiled and said you are welcome.
	Archie gave her a cold look.
	Why didn't he get thanked for being the one who ordered the ginger soup to be made?
	Natalia deliberately ignored the dissatisfaction in his eyes, walked to sit down opposite him.
	Dottie delivered her breakfast. She thanked her with a smile and gave a provocative look at the opposite man.
	Archie was silent.
	The girl was presumptuous knowing that he would not do anything to her.
	He felt that it was necessary for him to do something as a husband!
	After breakfast, the two went out together.
	Natalia had to work in Annita International. As they walked out, they saw Brian standing next to the car door.
	She smiled and said hello to Brian, "Good morning, Brian!"
	"Good morning, Mrs. Mccarthy."
	Brian pulled open the door for her, smiling, "Please get on the car, Mrs. Mccarthy."
	She looked back at Archie and smiled. "No, I'll drive myself."
	"Are you sure your car is at home?"
	Archie's voice came from behind him.
	Natalia was stunned.
	Then she remembered that she had parked the car downstairs the Mccarthy last night, and she came back by Archie's car. She didn't drive the car back.
	There were plenty of cars in the garage, but they weren't hers.
	She was slightly embarrassed. Finally in Brian smiling eyes, she got into the car.
	Annita International was next to the Mccarthy Group.
	Far away, Natalia let Brian stop the car.
	She opened the door and got out of the car. She patted her wrinkled trousers and smiled, "Thanks! Drop me here, and you can go!"
	Archie took a look at her, but his face showed no emotion.
	He ordered Brian to drive, and went to Mccarthy Group.
	Natalia breathed a sigh of relief.
	As a new comer, she didn't want others to know about her relationship with Archie to avoid any bad publicity.
	She walked all the way to the company. Because yesterday she had got to know the personnel, although today was her first day to work, a lot of procedures could be omitted.
	At 8:30 in the morning, the department meeting was held directly.
Chapter 64 She was His Pride
	She analyzed some of the cases that the company was working on, as well as past cases.
	Work was assigned, and the meeting was over until twelve o’clock.
	The company staff had refused to accept her, but after a meeting, they basically were convinced.
	After all, those case they felt difficult to deal with was put forward solution by Natalia in a meeting directly.
	And these solutions were absolutely feasible without any error.
	Under such circumstances, it did not take long for Natalia to establish a firm foothold in the public relations department.
	Archie at the beginning was worried that someone would think she was young and secretly cause troubles for her, so he had sent Brian to keep an eye on her.
	However, in just half a month, they found that the staff in public relations department, not only did not exclude Natalia, but was obedient to her.
	After receiving Brian’s report, Archie showed a smile.
	He found that she was even better than he had imagined.
	She was indifferent, but when she worked, she immediately became decisive, imposing and domineering.
	Whether on terms of ability, or the means of doing things, she was good.
	He felt indescribably proud.
	After all, his woman was excellent.
	Since Archie was happy, Brian was naturally happy.
	However he didn't quite understand it.
	Seeing Archie's look, he felt that Archie was in a good mood today. Then he asked curiously, “President, you didn't approve of office romance, saying that it would affect work, why this time...”
	Archie gave him a look.
	There were unfathomable things in his eyes, a moment later, he smiled.
	“You don't understand.”
	Brian: ？？？？
	‘If you don't say it, how can I understand?’
	Archie waved his hand. “All right, I have my own plans for this. You don't have to ask.”
	Brian could only give up since Archie would not tell him anything.
	Time flied, and a month had passed.
	Winter was coming.
	Although J City was located in the east of the country, winter came especially early. It not had just entered the winter for more than a month, it had begun to snow.
	It was the weekend, so Natalia did not have to go to work. In the morning she went to Xunghui Culture and in the afternoon she did not want to get out but nest in the sofa to read a book.
	A few days ago, Archie went back to D City. He wanted to go back with Natalia, but was rejected by her.
	She hadn't decided whether to go back with him or not.
	She always felt that it would be awkward for them to go to D City based on their relationship.
	Archie did not force her, because he knew what she was thinking in the heart and he also knew her temper. If he forced her, it was not good, so he could only give her time to think slowly.
	Fortunately, she was always by his side, so there was nothing to worry about. It was all about time.
	He got patient.
	It was 5 p.m. when Natalia received the call.
	She looked at the caller ID and a gleam of surprise came into her eyes.
	She picked it up in a hurry and heard a familiar voice.
	“Have you arrived?”
	Archie said yes, “I had just got off the plane, but I need to go to the company to deal with an urgent matter, so I may not be able to go home immediately. Why don't you come to the company to wait for me, and we go to the Green Water Villa to have a meal in the evening?”
	Natalia thought it worked.
	So she agreed.
	After hanging up the phone, she returned to the room to put on a coat, and went downstairs and went out after telling Dottie.
	There were tiny snowflakes in the sky and a bone-chilling chill in the air.
	Natalia drove the car to the Mccarthy Group, but she did not go up. She sent a message to him and then sat in the car waiting.
	Archie relied and said he would come down soon.
	When Natalia was waiting, she caught a glimpse of a Christmas tree in a luxury store by the side of the road. She suddenly realized that it would soon be Christmas.
	The luxury shop was clean and tidy, with fashionable and high-end suits hanging in the Windows.
	She glanced down the shelves next to the suit and paused.
	Then she turned off the engine and got off.
	It was a dark gray cashmere scarf in quite simple style, with LOGO embroidered in the same color line, which was gorgeous.
	Natalia had never seen Archie wearing a scarf before, but looking at this one, she thought it suited him.
	She almost had a picture in her mind of the man wearing it, and the more she looked at it, the more handsome it seemed.
	A clerk came to her. She pointed directly to the scarf and said, “I'd like one of these, please.”
	The clerk glanced at the scarf and smiled. “Ok, please wait a moment.”
	She had never given Archie any gifts, but he had bought a lot of things for her within two months of marriage.
	She felt embarrassed about it and she would like to surprise him in this Christmas!
	When she followed the clerk to the counter and was about to pay, behind suddenly came a surprising voice.
	“...Natalia?”
	She paused slightly and turned her head.
	A young man and a young woman came down the stairs, and it was the girl who called to her.
	“Is it really you? I thought I was wrong!”
	The girl walked down quickly with a surprised look on her face. Natalia looked at her faintly, and there was a slight coldness between her eyebrows, but she did not answer.
	She took a card out of her purse and gave it to the clerk for her to swipe.
	After swiping the card, the clerk said with a smile, “That's 34,800. Here's your scarf, ma'am. Please hold it.”
	Natalia nodded and thanked the clerk, and then turned to go out with the wrapped scarf.
	The girl came down from upstairs found Natalia incredibly ignored her and immediately sneered in disdain.
	“Why are you so arrogant? I heard you broke up with Shawn. Do you have a sugar daddy or what? Do you buy the scarf worth more than thirty thousand to him?”
	Natalia's eyes became cold.
	She turned to that girl and said coldly, “Lily Gordon, I advise you to watch your mouth!”
	Lily said complacently, “Didn’t you pretend not to know me? Now you know me?”
	Lily was her high schoolmate of different classes in the same grade, Natalia did know her.
	When she knew Shawn, Lily liked Shawn.
	But Shawn ignored her and pursued Natalia. After they were in a relationship, Lily had been long hating Natalia.
	But after six years, she still cared about it.
	Natalia looked at her coldly and then showed a sarcastic smile.
	“I'm sorry, but I pretend I don't see you because I really don't think it's a wonderful thing to know you. Are you satisfied with this answer?”
Chapter 65 Encounter a Mad Dog
	Lily immediately changed facial expression, “You!”
	The man she was with came up to her and asked curiously, “Your friend?”
	Lily was angry, pulled his arm and said in a wronged manner, “We are not friends! Jacob, you don't know her, right? She is the abandoned daughter of the Dawson family.
	She not only robbed her boyfriend, and in order to be admitted by Royal Academy, but also stole her sister's works. You stay away from such a shameless woman, and do not be cheated by her!”
	Jacob was surprised.
	The president of the Royal Academy was his grandfather.
	So he had heard of the scandal five years ago, though he had not seen it.
	He had always thought that the person who could do such a thing must be extremely ugly, regardless of character or appearance, but it did not expect to be the woman who looked cold and elegant.
	Natalia curved her lips and smiled.
	“If I remember correctly, this store is monitored, right?”
	Lily gave her a vigilant look, “Why?”
	“Nothing, I just want a copy of the surveillance to use as evidence against you for libel in the future.”
	Lily: ...
	“Natalia, don't pretend! I heard that Shawn dumped you because of your unscrupulous style! It seems that you went abroad five years ago because you hooked up with a big shot? Do you now come back because he dumped you?”
	“If he did dump you, just tell me. I know a lot of rich people who would help you out, for the sake of schoolmates.”
	Natalia took a look at her and smiled ironically.
	“No need, Miss Grodon, keep them for you! After all, it is not easy for you to know them with your look. Isn't it a pity to give them to others?”
	“You!”
	Lily was angry, Natalia did not want to talk to her again and walked outside with the scarf.
	“Wait!”
	Lily called her suddenly.
	Natalia was impatient.
	She turned to her and said coldly, “Anything else?”
	Lily took a breath deeply, walked forward and suddenly showed her a very bad smile.
	“Do you know, Natalia? There's something I've wanted to do five years ago, but never had the chance to do, and now I can finally do it.”
	“What...”
	A loud slap was in the face, and Natalia’s head slightly slanted and her right face became swollen.
	Her face suddenly turned cold.
	The next second--
	Two ringing slaps were in the ears.
	Lily covered her face and looked at Natalia in belief.
	“Natalia, dare you hit me?”
	“Courtesy reciprocates. It is said that when a dog bites a man, the man cannot bit back, but I always feel that some animals cannot be indulgent. Otherwise, they will forget who they are.”
	“Ah --! You bitch!”
	Lily went crazy and rushed toward her. The clerks in the store were stunned. They did not know whether to call the police or to stop her.
	Natalia’s eyes were cold.
	She took a step back and snapped, “Mr. Sutton, are you giving your girl permission to go crazy here?”
	Jacob came back to his sense and hurriedly came forward to pull Lily.
	“Lily! That's enough!”
	“Don't pull me, this bitch hit me, I won't spare you today!”
	Lily broke away from the obstruction of Jacob and continued to rush toward Natalia.
	Natalia's face changed.
	She was wearing a dress and was not dominant in a fight. Now Lily was like a mad dog, which made every normal person fear.
	Natalia retreated towards the door.
	Lily was crazy and suddenly grabbed a vase at the door and threw towards Natalia.
	“Bitch, I fight with you!”
	Just then, someone grabbed Natalia's wrist and pulled her aside.
	Natalia avoided and the vase over her hit the ground and broke into pieces.
	Everyone started and their faces changed.
	How could this woman be as mad as a mad dog?
	Natalia's face turned pale with fear. She looked back and saw the person behind her. She said in surprise, “Archie? What are you doing here?”
	Archie's face was overcast.
	In the store, Lily found she failed to hit Natalia and caught a vase to hit her again, but Jacob robbed it.
	“That's enough! Lily, calm down!”
	“This bitch hit me, how can I calm down?”
	Lily was born in a rich family and the only child in her family. She used to be domineering and had never been treated like this?
	She would not give up if she could not hit Natalia.
	His face darkened and when he was about to speak, a low voice came from the door.
	“If you can't calm down on your own, I don't mind helping you.”
	A man showed up and gave Lily two slap directly.
	Lily was dizzy and went blank in head.
	Jacob's face changed.
	Archie Mccarthy? Why was he here?
	Archie walked in through the door with Natalia in his hand.
	Brian jilted his wrist and said with a smile, “President, this is the first time I hit a woman, but this woman deserves it! I have no guilt at all.”
	Archie curled his lips.
	Lily came back to her sense at this moment.
	Touching her rapidly swelling face, she screamed.
	“Who are you? How dare you hit me? Do you know who I am? I......”
	“That's enough! Shut up!”
	Jacob turned pale and pulled her back.
	Lily didn't know Archie, but he did.
	Although he did not know what relationship he was with Natalia, but he had been holding Natalia's hand, so they must be related.
	“Mr. Archie, I didn't know you are here. I'm really sorry. There was a little quarrel between the girls.” He came forward and apologized.
	“Oh? Does an argument escalate to throwing a vase?”
	Jacob: ...
	“Jacob, why do you apologize to him? She hit me!”
	Lily was still screaming.
	Jacob was almost mad. He regretted taking her out.
	He gnashed his teeth and said, “This is Mr. Archie, from Mccarthy consortium.”
	“What?”
	Lily finally understood.
	She looked at Archie in disbelief as if she had seen a monster.
	Her family was in business, and the elders in the family mentioned this figure at ordinary times when chatting.
	But in the heart of Lily, Archie was the character in the legend and was too far away from her, like the star in the horizon cannot be reached, it was not reality.
	So she never expected to actually meet him in real life.
	Her eyes rested on the hands they were holding.
	It took a while for her make a sound.
	“How, how can it be?”
Chapter 66 Apologize to Her
	“How can it be? Hurry to apologize to Mr. Archie and Miss Dawson?”
	Lily came back to her sense.
	Although she did not want to, although she hated Natalia, she knew that she could not offend Archie.
	So, she said reluctantly, “I'm sorry Mr. Archie.”
	Archie raised his eyebrows.
	“I did not feel the sincerity of your apology.”
	Lily clenched her fingers.
	She was humiliated when it was her first time to meet this extraordinary man, and in front of Natalia.
	Strong unwillingness and resentment surged in her heart, but after seeing the cold sight of Archie, they all were pressed down.
	She took a deep breath and repeated, “I'm sorry, Mr. Archie. I was wrong.”
	“Sorry for who?”
	“Mr. Archie......” Lily understood and took a glance at Natalia, “Sorry, Miss Dawson.”
	Natalia raised her lip angles.
	“What did you say? I didn't hear you. Speak up, please.”
	Lily: ...
	Archie curled his lips pleasantly.
	Holding Natalia's hand, he approved, “Well, I think so.”
	Lily was helpless and angry, but she dared say nothing, and could only raise her voice.
	“I'm sorry, Natalia. I am wrong. I apologize to you.”
	Natalia smiled joyfully.
	“Now that's right!”
	She touched her face. Lily’s both cheeks were swollen, while her right face was in pain, but she no longer was angry.
	“All right, let's go!”
	Natalia shook Archie's hand and said.
	Archie gave her a deep look. “That is it?”
	“Yes, if you got bit by a mad dog, you just need to beat it. Do you still want to fight with a dog?”
	Archie was amused by her words.
	“Well, then, I'll do as you like.”
	Hand in hand, they walked out together.
	Behind him, Jacob was slightly shocked looking at this scene.
	Everyone knew that Archie never had a woman and had never heard of any scandals about him in these years.
	Unexpectedly, he and Natalia were together!
	Lily found him staring at the two people's back and pushed his arm in discontent.
	“What are you looking at?”
	He came back to his senses.
	“Oh, nothing.”
	Lily said angrily, “Natalia is a fox! In those days, Shawn was fascinated by her, and now she got close to Mr. Archie. What a shameless bitch!”
	Hearing her scolding, Jacob's face changed.
	Looking at her again, there was not a trace of disgust and impatience in his eyes.
	Lily seemed to realize that she was too faux pas today.
	It was Natalia’s fault. If Natalia didn't deliberately provoke her, how could she show such a side in front of Jacob?
	She quickly showed an expression of grievance, acting in a peevish way to pull his sleeve.
	“Jacob, my face is hurt, take me to the hospital to deal with it! I'm afraid my face will be ruined if it's too late.”
	Jacob said quietly, “I have something to do at night, so I don't have time to accompany you to the hospital. Take this card and go by yourself!”
	He took a bank card out of his pocket and gave it to her. Then he turned and walked away.
	Lily was stunned and angry.
	What did he mean?
	Would she have been with him if he was not the only son in his family, and her family did not want them to be together?
	Now she had a problem, and he gave her a bank card and ran away?
	She rushed out angrily, and found Jacob was already in the car and drove the car away.
	She was so angry that she threw the bank card straight out.
	“Fuck off! You coward who won't speak up when your girlfriend is beaten! Get away from me if you can, and never let me see you again!”
	...
	On the other side, Natalia and Archie got into the car together.
	“President, where to?”
	Archie looked at Natalia's face, frowning, “Go to the hospital first.”
	“All right.”
	Natalia took a breath and said, “No, I'm all right. There's no need to go to the hospital.”
	“Don't talk.”
	Archie could not help but say and Natalia had to shut up.
	The man held her face in his hands and looked at it.
	The face, once delicate and fair, was slightly swollen, and there were clear marks of five fingers.
	His eyes grew cold again.
	“You did a good job today, but the next time you meet one of those mad dogs, don't beat it yourself, call me, ok?”
	Natalia looked at him and curled her lips, “Lily is like that. When she was in the high school, she liked to bully other female classmate in school. I did not expect to meet her here. Ah!”
	The wound on her face was touched by Archie's fingers and she made a scream.
	Archie had to let go of her and heard her continue, “You have just helped me, besides, she slapped me once, I slapped her twice, it is not a loss, so don't be angry.”
	Archie sneered.
	“What am I to be angry about? I am angry because of you. You didn't call me first. I came in time today, in case I came late, that vase would hit on your body.”
	Natalia's eyes flickered.
	“No way, I'll be careful.”
	“Oh!”
	Archie said nothing more.
	He turned to the packaging bag next to him and found a black scarf inside, and his eyes were slightly deep.
	“What's this?”
	“Oh, this is for you.”
	Natalia said, while taking out the scarf, “Originally I wanted to buy it secretly and give it to you on Christmas. But not it was ruined, take it!”
	Archie looked at the fine scarf.
	He looked at Natalia. “Did you pick this for me?”
	Natalia nodded and looked at him expectantly, “How is it? Do you like it?”
	The man curled his lips, “Yes.”
	“Then I'll put it on you!”
	“Ok.”
	The man bent slightly, and Natalia placed the scarf around his neck in a fashionable circle.
	After putting it on, she looked at it carefully.
	Today, Archie was wearing a sweater with a black cashmere jacket over it, which was just the right match.
	“Do I look good?” Mr. Archie asked.
	Natalia smiled and nodded. “Yes, very handsome.”
	“Thanks, Honey.”
	“You're welcome.”
	In front, Brian was driving and said silently.
	It did not matter he showed off affection.
	Was it good to show off affection unscrupulously?
	He had been around the president for so long, so he knew that his president never wore a turtleneck or a scarf.
	Well, sure enough, the power of love...
	The car soon arrived at the hospital.
	Archie asked the doctor to apply Natalia with medicine, and then walked out of the doctor's office.
	He stood in the hallway and made a phone call.
	“Within a week, I want the Gordon family to disappear in J City!”
	When he was speaking, his handsome face was no longer gentle as he was with Natalia, but cruel and cold.
	After giving the order, he hung up the phone.
	He lowered his eyes to look at the scarf on the neck, a moment later, he smiled with satisfaction.
Chapter 67 High School Celebration
	The injury on Natalia’s face was not serious. The doctor gave her a check, applied some medicine, and let her leave.
	As soon as she walked out of the door, she found Archie standing in the corridor, and did not know what was in his mind with his back to the door.
	She called him and he looked around.
	“Is it done?”
	Natalia nodded. Seeing him holding a mobile phone, she asked, “Did you answer a phone?”
	“Yes.”
	Archie stared at her face carefully. “Does it still hurt?”
	“No.”
	The medicine the doctor had given her had worked well, and it was cool that the pain soon passed away.
	Archie rest assured.
	They went to Green Water Villa to have dinner as planned.
	While after Lily learnt that Natalia and Archie were in a relationship, she felt dubious.
	She had always been thinking highly of herself, and had looked down upon Natalia in her schooldays.
	Since Shawn she liked was taken away by Natalia, she held deep hatred towards Natalia.
	Fortunately, later the Dawson family had an accident and Natalia became down and out from a rich young lady overnight, and Lily felt good about it.
	She heard from Katie that Shawn had already broken up with her, which made me feel even better.
	But she did not expect that she had been with Archie.
	Lily was upset about it.
	After thinking, she made a phone call to Jessica.
	“Hello, Jessica, what are you doing?”
	“Rest? I just want to ask you something.”
	Lily told Jessica that she met Natalia in the shop in the afternoon.
	However, the story that she was beaten was hidden, she only said that she saw Natalia was with a man, who seemed to be Archie.
	Jessica was surprised by Lily's phone.
	But she would not let go any chance to make troubles to Natalia.
	Over the telephone, she told Lily that as soon as Natalia had broken up with Shawn, she immediately fell into a relationship with Archie.
	Then she sighed.
	“Actually, if my sister really likes Mr. Archie, it would be fine to be with him. I just worry that she wants something else. You know, my sister...”
	Lily sneered, “I know of course, she is peacockish. So many people chased after her, but she chose Shawn who has a rich and powerful family.”
	Hearing that, Jessica’s eyes flashed slightly.
	She said nothing, and Lily asked, “Jessica, are you sure Natalia has married with Archie? Why do I think it is unreliable.”
	Jessica smiled reluctantly.
	“I am not sure. We haven't been in touch for a few years, but... I didn't heard of her marriage.”
	Lily frowned.
	She pondered for a while. Jessica didn't seem to want to continue the topic, so she asked, “By the way, the high school celebration is in next week. Will you go?”
	“Of course, how about you?
	“The principal invited me to be a performing guest.”
	“So you will go too. All right, see you then.”
	“Ok.”
	After hanging up the phone, Lily meditated while holding the mobile phone.
	Jessica said she did not hear the news of Natalia's marriage, so that meant that Natalia has not married?
	Archie was a big figure and sure he would not marry her, so...
	Her eyes flashed. She hurriedly dug out a number from the phone and made a call.
	After telephone was connected, she forced a smile and asked in a sweet voice, “Mr. Fraser, are you free? I've got a few questions...”
	A few minutes later, Lily hung up the phone.
	She looked out of the window with a triumphant smile.
	How could Natalia marry to Archie?
	How was that possible?
	She had just made it clear on the phone that it had never heard that there was a new hostess in the Mccarthy family.
	Not only that, it was said that Archie had a fiancee, the daughter of the Kawn family.
	Who was the Kwan family?
	There were four great families in D City, including the Mccarthy family, the Collins family, the Kawn family and the Fraser family. Each of them was powerful enough to shock people. How could Natalia fight with them?
	It was ridiculous!
	After checking the matter, Lily felt much better.
	She had just revealed the news pretending not to be intentional, and she believed that it would not be long before Natalia was in great trouble!
	But she didn't mind causing a little trouble to her before she got into the big troubles!
	As she was thinking, she showed a wry smile, picked up the mobile phone and made a call again.
	“Helloe, Aleeza, I am Lily, will you go to the school celebration? Everyone in our class will be there! Has your class been informed? Have you informed Natalia? She's long gone home! Good, if you find her contact, inform her, you are classmates......”
	The next day, Natalia received Aleeza Sharp's notice.
	Aleeza Sharp was the monitor of her high school class.
	Natalia was surprised to receive the school anniversary notice.
	After all, her reputation had already been tarnished by the incident when she was in high school. She had heard about the school celebration but had not been officially notified and she did not want to go.
	But unexpectedly, she received a phone call from Aleeza.
	Natalia had little interest in such an activity, and she had few friends in her student days, let alone old memories, so she didn't want to agree.
	But Aleeza repeatedly persuaded her, and finally she agreed.
	After that, Natalia put the matter out of her mind and thought no more about it.
	Unexpectedly, a few days later, she received a phone call from Victoria who asked about this matter.
	“Natalia, I heard that you will attend the celebration, is it true?”
	In high school, Victoria was in the same class as Natalia, and it was from Aleeza that she got the news.
	When she received the call, Natalia was looking through a document and she answered casually.
	“Well, yes, why?”
	Victoria paused for a moment.
	There was a feeling of a long story.
	“You know what they invited you for. Why did you say yes?”
	Natalia was stunned.
	Of course she knew why Aleeza was trying so hard to invite her.
	After all, she was not that Natalia five years ago. At the outset in the face of spreading rumors, she had no way of defense, but could only let her reputation be ruined and suffer all insults.
	But that was not the case anymore.
	She had the strength, and she had the claws.
	If anyone tried to bully her, she would take revenge!
	She was not afraid that they came to her.
	At the thought of this, she gave a smile and said, “You don't have to worry about me. It's just a school celebration. They wound not do anything to me in face of so many people.”
	“That is why I don’t want you to go. You know for the scandal five years ago, everyone thought you did it!
	Who else would believe you but me? Aleeza invited you just to humiliate you in public!
	I even suspect that it was they spread the news!
	How can they let you go when they've got a chance?”
Chapter 68 He is Going too
	Natalia's eyes were slightly darkened.
	She was silent for a moment, and then said quietly, “Isn't that better? It's been five years, and I didn't want to pursue it any more. But if someone has to provoke me in the face and make troubles to me, I shouldn't relent, should I?”
	Victoria was stunned.
	“Natalia, have you thought of methods to do with them?”
	Natalia curled her lips.
	“You'll see.”
	Time flied, and a week passed quickly.
	There were two days before Christmas. Archie looked at the scarf hanging on the shelf in the president's office and a smile appeared on the corner of his lips.
	He pressed the inside line and called Brian in.
	“President, you want to see me?”
	“Have you done what I asked you to do for me?” he asked.
	Brian was stunned and then quickly understood what he asked.
	“It's all done,” he replied hurriedly.
	“Well, take me to see it after work.”
	“All right.”
	After stopping for a while, Brian suddenly thought of something and took out an invitation.
	“President, this is an invitation from WL High School to you. It will celebrate its 70th anniversary this weekend. They would like to invite you to attend. Will you go?”
	Archie was slightly shocked.
	The name WL High School sounded familiar to him.
	Brian hurriedly reminded him, “Mrs. Mccarthy studied in this school before.”
	Archie remembered it.
	He looked pale. “Is Natalia going?”
	“Yes.”
	“I will go too!”
	“Ok.”
	In the evening, when Natalia returned home and came out from her bath, Archie asked, “I heard that you are going to attend the school celebration the day after tomorrow.”
	Natalia looked back and saw him sitting on the sofa. “Yes, why?” she nodded.
	The man's eyes were resentful.
	“It is Christmas the day after tomorrow.”
	Natalia froze.
	She pointed blankly to the scarf he had been wearing almost every day for the past week on a coat hanger. “Didn't I give you the present?”
	Archie: ...
	His chest hurt.
	He felt he could still do something about it.
	“Well, so I will return the favor. Shall we have dinner that night?”
	“No, I made an appointment with Victoria and we need to attend the school celebration after dinner!”
	Archie: ...
	Forget it. He gave up.
	On the weekend, Natalia got up very early.
	She was not in a hurry, but she needed to deal with business of Xunghui Culture. She had to seize the time so that she could take time to attend the celebration.
	When she finished all her work, it was three o’clock in the afternoon.
	Victoria had called her several times.
	She picked up the phone, “Victoria, I have already finished my work, and now I am on my way. Wait for a while, OK?”
	Victoria was dissatisfied and said, “I have been waiting for you for two hours. Natalia, it is the school celebration. Since you promised to go, can you take it seriously? Nor for the sake of the reputation of the school, but for that you can be amazing, why don't you dress up beforehand?”
	Natalia laughed, “I still have three hours.”
	“My god!” Victoria was like hearing a joke, “You need to try on the dress, make up, do hair and style, three hours are not enough. I've been working on it for two hours, okay?”
	Natalia smiled, “You are a big star and will have performance in the evening. I as a member of the audience who is sitting in the audience applauding you don't need to dress up.”
	Victoria urged impatiently, “OK, I don’t care if you dress up. Hurry over. I have been waiting for you here for a long time.”
	“Okay, I'll be right there.”
	When she arrived at the studio where Victoria did the make-up, Natalia saw her sitting there. Her hair had been done and she was making up.
	Seeing her arrival, Victoria hurriedly said, “You must listen to me today! You wear whatever I tell you to wear, and you put on whatever makeup I tell you to put on, without any objection or comment.”
	Natalia: ...
	Before she answered, two stylists came over.
	Victoria pointed to Natalia and gave them orders.
	“That's her, my best friend. You must dress her up today. If anyone outdoes her tonight, it means you have a problem with your skills and I'll fire you all!”
	The stylists agreed.
	Natalia was confused.
	“Victoria, what are you doing here?”
	Victoria gave her a mysterious smile.
	“Natalia! Do you think I treat you well? Don't those bitches look down on you and want to see your jokes? I won’t let then succeed! Tonight, you must be the most beautiful woman in the whole party!”
	She said, reaching out to tease Natalia.
	Natalia couldn't help laughing.
	“Ok! Do what you say.”
	She knew Victoria was kind, besides, she had no plan to be a low-ley person tonight, so she let Victoria do as she wanted to.
	Three hours later, both of them were ready.
	What stylist picked for Natalia was a sky-blue handmade embroidered long skirt.
	It was a tee dress, windproof gauze was applied in the chest and neck as well as arm. There were handmade flower patterns on the top with fine glittering diamond, which was charming.
	The lower part of the dress was fishtail. It was a blue ocean from the chest to the thighs but, translucent gauze on the calf. It was full of little light spot to the fishtail with decorative pattern of hand embroidery, which was wonderful and amazing.
	Natalia had a good figure shape, but Victoria had never found that.
	This fish-tail dress really brought out all her figure.
	She had a slender and straight back. The waist line was sexy because of the hollow design.
	In Victoria's words, that was beautiful!
	Natalia looked at herself in the mirror, and there was a moment of trance.
	It was said that people rely on clothes and makeup, and it seemed that it was true.
	The stylist picked a pair of silvery high-heeled shoes for her, paired with a handbag and jewelry, which made her more bright and charming.
	Victoria nodded her head and said, “Natalia, you will certainly overwhelm the audience tonight, I promise!”
	Natalia smiled.
	She did not care about overwhelming the audience, but thought that that person would show up in the celebration, since even she was invited,!
	How could she please those who wished her ill and wanted to see her jokes every day?
Chapter 69 Competition in Red Carpet
	WL High School was located in the outskirts of J City.
	Although it was located in suburb, it was prosperous because of the vigorous development in recent years and several higher education institutions were in the neighborhood.
	Because it was the 70th anniversary of the school, so WL High School held a special grand.
	In addition to its own social elite from the school, it had invited a lot of big stars.
	The whole party was star-studded.
	Natalia and Victoria arrived together. When they were still sitting in the car, they found that the school gate had been occupied by luxury cars.
	Except for a red carpet aisle in the middle, it was full of luxury cars.
	There were many fans of Jessica and Victoria gathered on both sides with dozens of media reporters inside. Screams, noise, the sound of the flash, and the clear voice of the host made a unprecedented grand occasion.
	“Jessica! Ah -!Jessica is so beautiful!”
	“I love you Jessica!”
	“Jessica and Mr. Shawn were so matched!!”
	“The skirt that Jessica wears tonight is very beautiful, I like it very much!”
	“Jessica is the fairy in the legend! She’s so beautiful!”
	There was no rush to get off the car, as seats on the red carpet were limited and the last person to arrive had to wait in line for the person in the front to pass.
	Even so, the screams like tsunami were heard.
	Through the window, Jessica and Shawn were walking on the red carpet.
	Jessica was wearing a white bouffant dress tonight.
	It was a corset spreading from the chest, covering her three-month pregnant belly.
	The gauze looked generous, according with Jessica’s fairy character.
	Shawn, to match her look, wore a white suit tonight.
	His handsome face in the flash was like a prince of the Middle Ages in the west, looking gentle. In a short ten seconds, he captured the hearts of many girls.
	Victoria withdrew her eyes and rolled her eyes.
	“A couple who cheat other’s feelings, are they blind? Why do they like this white lotus!”
	Natalia showed an ironic smile.
	“But you've to admit she did put on a good show in the front of the audience. After all, she pretend to be a pure fairy.”
	“A pure fairy? She climbed into her sister’s boyfriend's bed, is she pure?”
	After Victoria said that, she realized that she had slipped her tongue.
	She glanced at Natalia's face and was relieved to see that there was no sign of sadness on her face.
	Natalia hang down her eyes and said in a moment, “In fact I should thank Jessica.”
	If not her, how could she know the true face of Shawn?
	Sometimes she dared not imagine, if that night she did not see their adultery, would she be still in the dark and believe that he was in love with her?
	Victoria seemed to think of this too, patting her hands reassuringly.
	“Don't think about it any more. Anyway, you know it now. And I heard that Mr. Archie loves you very much!”
	Since the last time she saw Archie in the video, Victoria had not stopped “questioning” her.
	Natalia had no choice but to come clean about the truth.
	Although the matter between she and Archie had exploded in Jessica's birthday party, because Archie made an order, no one on the scene dared to reveal the relationship between them.
	So Victoria, who did not attend the birthday party, had no idea about that.
	Speaking of him, Natalia could not help revealing a smile.
	He was really kind to her.
	He spoiled her.
	Sometimes she wondered if Heaven had sent him to save her because he was unable to bear to see her alone.
	It was Christmas today. She didn’t know if he was still working overtime in the company. If the party was over early, maybe she had time to say merry Christmas to him face to face!
	While Natalia was thinking wildly, the people in front of her had entered.
	It was their turn to get off.
	A staff member opened the door for them. Victoria got off first, but before Natalia could get down, a flood of cheers and screams was heard outside.
	“Ah -- it's Victoria! I see Victoria!”
	“Victoria is so beautiful! Victoria is the most beautiful!”
	“Victoria is gorgeous!”
	Victoria was known as the “entertainment beauty”, she was indeed beautiful.
	Fortunately, she was used to such occasions, so she was cool.
	She turned around and stretched out her hand.
	“There is a person in Victoria’s car, who is that?”
	“Is it a handsome man?”
	“No, no, no! Victoria is still single! Don't talk nonsense!”
	“Yes! We only love Victoria!”
	Soon, all the people saw clearly, it was a woman holding Victoria's hand to walk down.
	Everyone gasped uncontrollably.
	God! Who was that?
	How beautiful!
	She was tall and slim, wearing a long blue dress with a hollow frame, which gave a clear view of her delicate body.
	Her maroon hair was in great curls, one side was pinned up with a blue diamond clip, the other hanging lightly over her shoulder and quivering in a jaunty way as she walked.
	Her skin was fair in the lamplight, and her delicate features made her like a fairy out of the painting. She was so perfect.
	At that moment, countless people thought the same question in their minds.
	Who was she?
	Was she a star?
	Why hadn’t they seen her before?
	Natalia had always been used to behind-the-scenes, and it was her first time to step forward to enjoy the attention of so many people, so she felt unease.
	Victoria held her hand and kept a smile on her face in the standard of a female star. She whispered, “I spent so much effort to dress you up so beautiful today. Don't be timid! At least you should defeat that bitch in front!”
	That bitch in front...
	was Jessica.
	Natalia did not resist, but “burst” a light laugh out.
	When she was not smiling, the crowd was just in low admiration.
	However, that smile was astonishing, even the bright fireworks tonight lost color.
	“Dear me! Who the hell is she? Come on! Look it up, I'm choking on her beauty!”
	“Compared with her, Jessica was like a village girl simply, don't you think so?”
	“Yeah...”
	“Will you stop? Jessica is pure, they are not in the same style at all, you can’t compare them.”
	“Gee, Victoria is a classical beauty, but Victoria is as beautiful as her when they are standing together. Just admit that Jessica is not as beautiful as she.”
	“You!”
Chapter 70 The beauty of the Soul
	Not far away, when Jessica who had gone to the signature wall found the two women coming from the red carpet entrance, she suddenly changed face.
	Natalia? How could she come?
	That matter five years ago was sensational, and everyone in the WL High School knew about it.
	It was the 70th anniversary of the school. Almost all the students had come back to celebrate the 70th anniversary of the school. Naturally, she would meet many acquaintances.
	And she had the nerve to come?
	Flanking, the host asked with a smile, “Jessica, you and Mr. Shawn graduated from WL High School and once you were schoolmates for several years, but why we never heard of your relationship?”
	Jessica withdrew her vision, came back to her sense and said with a smile, “Shawn and I had long engaged and witnessed by the elders, but we were still students at that time. We worried that it would cause bad influence to the school, so it was kept as a secret. Please forgive me!”
	Her voice was warm and soft, with a hint of shyness.
	The host smiled, “Jessica, you are really sensible, no wonder you had excellent performance in study. I heard that at that time you originally wanted to take an examination of the Royal Academy, but because of some reasons you had missed the opportunity, was it so?”
	Speaking of this, the smile on Jessica's face was obviously dim down.
	She forced a smile. “Yes, but that's all water under the bridge. Today's theme is the anniversary, so let’s skip it.”
	Such considerate and inclusive move immediately won the goodwill of countless people.
	Even those who had laughed at her lack of beauty had fallen silent.
	Jessica was polite and well educated!
	Even if she was sad, for the sake of the overall situation, she silently endured it!
	She was a kind girl, so what she was not pretty enough?
	She had the beauty of soul!
	Jessica paused and suddenly said, “It has passed so many years, I believe that my sister has already realized her mistake, so I do not blame her.”
	As she spoke, she glanced down the aisle at two people who were slowly approaching the signature wall.
	Her eyes flashed provocation.
	Naturally, Victoria noticed it and was furious.
	Natalia calmly grasped her hand and said without changing her face, “Hey, star, pay attention to your image!”
	Victoria knew that since the red carpet was so long that she could not hit Jessica even if she ran over her.
	She could only secretly take a deep breath and scolded, “Bitch!”
	Not far away, Lily who had hidden in the crowd said to the people around, “Do you know what the host talked about?”
	The people around her looked confused.
	After all, although the incident was sensational, only student of the same year and teachers know it, as well as some students in the Royal Academy.
	Many of those present today were alumni of other year, so they did not know about it.
	Seeing this, Lily revealed a surprised expression on purpose.
	“You don't know that? You don't?”
	“What is it? If you know, just talk to us. Don’t keep us guessing.”
	“Yeah!”
	Lily smiled, “It is simple. Five years ago, Jessica and her sister studied in WL High School. They wanted to take an examination of the Royal Academy.
	But on the day before submitting the work, her sister temporarily found her work was not as perfect as Jessica, so she directly destroyed her work and stole Jessica's and even stunned Jessica .
	Jessica failed to participate in the exam, naturally she lost the qualification, and she had to choose the film academy and entered the entertainment industry.”
	The people around her looked incredulous after they heard what she had said.
	“Dear me! How could there be such a wicked person in the world?”
	“Yeah! They are sisters! No matter how jealous she was, she shouldn't do that!”
	“Stealing work can be forgiven, why did she stun her sister? What person she is!”
	“She shattered me!”
	Listening to the people around making critical sound, Lily showed a smile of satisfaction.
	‘Natalia, dare you turn against me!’
	‘I'm going to let you know what it's like to be pointed at by the nose in front of everybody!’
	It had been a week since she was humiliated by Natalia in a luxury store.
	For a week, her teeth tingled with hate at the thought of that day.
	She was a daughter of Grodon family, when had she been subjected to such humiliation?
	Natalia was just a shady mistress, relying on the support of Archie. If Natalia bullied her, she would not forgive her?
	After learning from a friend in D City about Archie's relationship with Miss Kawn, Lily considered Natalia as a mistress.
	She wanted to take revenge on Natalia with the power of her family.
	But she didn’t know why there were misfortunes in her family business recently.
	Her dad didn't say much to her, but she could tell from the atmosphere that the company was in serious trouble recently.
	But Lily didn’t care about these, her dad and uncles would deal with it, she just needed to be a rich lady.
	Thinking so, Lily took a deep breath and got more and more satisfied.
	“Wait, who is her sister? Is she a student of our school?”
	“I think so! They took an exam together?”
	Someone asked curiously. Lily showed a sinister smile looking at the two people on the red carpet.
	“Her sister is Natalia! Here's the one in the blue dress walking on the red carpet!”
	There was an uproar all around.
	On the red carpet, Victoria noticed the stares from the crowd and sensed something was wrong.
	“Natalia, be careful, I feel the people over there have a malice against you.”
	Natalia said softly, “I see it.”
	Even if Lily hid well, she still found her.
	But she didn't care how hard they scolded her now, because they would know they were wrong!
	Soon they reached the signature wall.
	Jessica had gone over the process of the interview, but stood still. She seemed to be waiting for them.
	When she saw them coming, she said with a smile, “Sister, Miss Kaur, you are here too.”
	Victoria grunted, ignored her, turned her head and took the pen to sign.
	Some of Jessica's fans in the crowd snorted with disdain.
	“So what she is pretty? She is not polite! Bitch!”
	But there were more fans of Victoria.
	“Do you have eyes? Victoria is not family with your little white lotus. She said hello to everyone though they are not family. She just wants to get some flow from her”
	“You!”
	“What? Obviously she did not want to talk to Jessica, don't you understand? She had signed and finished her interview, but she was still standing there. Does she think she is pretty?”
Chapter 71 A bunch of green-eyed Women
	“Yeah! It is ok to occupy the carpet in foreign countries, but she even was not willing to leave in a red carpet for a school celebration. It is pathetic to get flow from others. I advise you to save your energy and go back home to buy flows for your white lotus!”
	“Nonsense! Jessica did not occupy the red carpet, she was invited by the organizer!”
	“Yeah, she has no work but was invited year after year. And she was shameless to go there.”
	“Right, Victoria is different. She won’t go anywhere if she had no award. Alas! Victoria was thin-skinned!”
	“Although Jessica had no award, but the organizer was willing to invite her.”
	“Yeah! A bunch of green-eyed women! You went too far!”
	There was noisy in the fans group, some of Jessica's fans almost cried out of anger.
	On the red carpet, the smile on Jessica's face stiffened for a moment.
	Soon, however, she pretended not to hear the fleers and recovered her original look.
	Seeing that Natalia did not want to pay attention to her, she turned to Shawn and said, “Shawn, it's cold here. Let's go and sit at the guest seat.”
	While saying, she embraced her bare tender arms.
	After several seconds, however, there was no response from Shawn.
	She frowned slightly and looked up.
	Shawn was dully looking at Natalia, as if he was amazed.
	Jessica's face was darkened.
	Her fingers tightened in her arms, and she was discontent and angry as if the volcano was about to erupt, but she still put up with it.
	She forced a smile and said, “Shawn, what are you looking at?”
	At this moment, Shawn finally came to his senses.
	“Nothing,” he said quickly.
	Jessica's eyes flashed a touch of sarcasm and hatred.
	She took a deep breath, smiled softly, and looked back at Natalia.
	“My sister is looking pretty tonight, isn't she?”
	Shawn was in a trance.
	He was tempted to nod his head and admit that she was really beautiful.
	She was more beautiful than her when she was in Jessica's birthday party.
	Since leaving him, she was like a dust pearl was gradually polished, becoming more and more dazzling.
	He felt regretful about it!
	However, Shawn shook his head.
	He takes back his vision, lowered his head to look at Jessica with a smile.
	“Not as pretty as you.”
	Jessica snorted gently.
	“But everybody praises her! Shawn, you won't regret it, will you?”
	Shawn's eyes quickly flashed a dark light.
	He shook his head and reached out to take Jessica's hand.
	“How is that possible? Since I have chosen you, I will not regret it. Besides, even a beautiful face will grow old. It is your character I like, you are gentle, sensible, and noble.”
	Jessica looked at his eyes.
	A moment later, she smiled gently.
	“I knew it. You love me the most.”
	“Sure.”
	Shawn tried to control his absentmindedness, when he noticed that she kept her arms folded, he took off his suit jacket.
	“It's cold! Come on, get dressed and let's go and sit inside.”
	“Well, thank you, Shawn.”
	Victoria and Natalia did not come down from the signature wall until they had left together.
	Victoria sneered, “If it weren't for the inconvenience of wearing a skirt, I really want to go up and slap the two bitches! It's disgusting to see them!”
	Compared with her anger, Natalia seemed to be much calmer.
	She took the dress and went to the guest seat with Victoria.
	As walking, she said, “Isn't there a saying? Bitches are meant to be with bad men. It is good that they are together, lest they harm others!”
	Victoria smiled suddenly, “You are right.”
	They found their positions in the guest seats. Fortunately Jessica was far away from them, so they didn’t have to have to be disgusting, so they were satisfied.
	Soon everyone was almost there.
	The lights were suddenly on the stage, the host came to the stage and introduced the history and culture of the school, as well as the content of the 70th anniversary celebration.
	As one of the guest performers tonight, Victoria would play zither.
	Not long before the party, a staff member came over and asked her to change and get ready.
	Natalia told her a few words and watched her leave with the staff.
	From the corner of her eyes, she found Jessica was not there, she should also be in backstage to get ready.
	She lowered her eyes and then showed a smile..
	“Next, Victoria, the 65th student of our school, will give us a zither performance -- the Phoenix.”
	After the host finished, Victoria walked up slowly with a zither in her arms.
	A scream went up from the crowd.
	She had a lot of fans present.
	Victoria had good musical skills. Martin Kaur, the chairman of The Kaur Group, was very fond of this daughter and gave her everything she wanted.
	But there were two things that he had been strict to his daughter.
	Her career and her relationship.
	As long as there was a male artist had a rumor with Victoria, he could not be found in the entertainment circle.
	Martin did not want his daughter to enter entertainment circle originally, but Victoria liked it, so he had to agree, but he was always protecting her.
	The name of the Kaur Group could be seen in the column of investors in all the movies and TV series Victoria had acted in.
	Victoria was good too. She performed well in the movies and was good at zither. She also studied painting in her spare time.
	As long as she did not lose her temper, she was the most standard daughter of a rich family.
	Because of this, Martin was satisfied with his daughter.
	Therefore, he felt no one deserve his daughter. Any one dared to approach Victoria would be banned.
	Victoria was indifferent to her father’s hard attitude.
	Anyway...She did not like those men tried to approach her.
	Who she liked...
	Who she liked didn’t want to approach her.
	On the stage, Victoria gave a wry smile. The strings seemed to be endowed with life and she played more sadly and movingly.
	‘Phoenix, phoenix, I come to my homeland. After roaming over the four seas for a mate.’
	In the corner, a young man with grim-faced eyes stood leaning against the wall, staring silently at the direction of the stage.
	He was wearing a black cap. His face was barely visible in the dim light, but the cold wildness of his frame was accented.
	Someone passed by him, accidentally bumped into him and hurriedly apologized.
	“Sorry. Hey, You're...”
Chapter 72 A Man in the Dark
	The man standing in the darkness gave him a cold look.
	The man shut up and stared at him in disbelief.
	The finger that was pointing at him quivered, and then dropped it quickly.
	“Nice to meet you, Charlie.”
	In the corner no one had noticed, he bowed his head and saluted to the man.
	Charlie said coldly with chill in his fundus.
	His voice was cold and deep. “Get away!”
	The man was about to leave, but was stopped suddenly.
	“Wait!”
	The man looked back with a pained look of fear.
	“Charlie, I didn't mean to bump into you. If I knew you were here, I would have taken a detour...”
	Charlie impatiently interrupted him, looked at the direction of the stage with dark eyes.
	“All right, I am not talking about that. Don't tell anyone else I am here tonight. Understand?”
	The man was shocked, as if he did not understand why Charlie said so, but he agreed obediently.
	Charlie waved his hand and let that man leave.
	Although Charlie had graduated from WL High School for five years, his legend had been spreading in the school.
	When he studied in the school, he was ruthless and had bad reputation.
	He was the super school bully over the ten years.
	There were more fights than exams, and the fights were so fierce that he was the nightmare of all the students and teachers.
	This nightmare was still there even after five years.
	When everyone saw him, they would take a detour. Apart from Victoria, there was no other person who dared to approach him these years.
	Unfortunately, it was just an unrequited love.
	No one knew why she who was pretty and born in a rich family took a fancy on this man who was only handsome.
	However, this man didn’t accept her.
	For this matter, many men loved Victoria were indignant.
	Unfortunately, Victoria did not care about them, so they naturally had no position to say anything.
	On the stage, Victoria had finished playing.
	She stood up and bowed to everyone, and then went backstage.
	The audience had applause. Charlie standing in the dark looked at the direction of the woman to leave with dark eyes and then turned to walk out.
	The next performance was Jessica's.
	As the goddess of countless men, although Jessica was not as beautiful as Victoria, she pretended to be pure, so she enjoyed high popularity.
	Her piano performance won the applause and goodwill of countless people.
	There were crazy male fans presenting flowers on stage, as if they were so excited.
	Jessica was shy and timid. Standing on the stage, she said many old tones of praise and praised the school and the school's teachers and students.
	Everyone loved to he praised, including the principals and teachers.
	There was a smile of appreciation on all faces.
	Natalia, however, was not interested in watching her performance. She sent Victoria a text message and, knowing that she was backstage, got up and left.
	Backstage, Victoria was changing clothes.
	She had been dressed in performance clothes for the stage, but now she had changed into evening dress for the party.
	Natalia waited for her at the door. After changing clothes, they went to a nearby hotel hand in hand.
	The performance and the red carpet were just two parts of the celebration, which lasted only an hour and a half.
	After that, everyone went to a five-star hotel next to the school, which had been booked as the venue for the party tonight. Those who were not interested in watching the performance would go there first, so most people had been there. Although it was still early, it was not quiet.
	Natalia and Victoria took their room cards at the reception desk and went back to their rooms before going to the banquet hall.
	The luxuriously decorated banquet hall was lively.
	Most of the celebrities and dignitaries who were not graduated from WL High School arrived here early. They were drinking and talking under the gorgeous crystal lamp, which was lively.
	The arrival of the two attracted the attention of many people.
	It was not only because of Victoria's aura, but also because of the woman next to her.
	Who was that woman? How beautiful!
	Even if standing next to Victoria the famous beauty in the entertainment circle, she was not inferior.
	Different from the kind of classical beauty on Victoria, Natalia dressed in a blue dress, looking cool with orchid aesthetic feeling.
	Those people present who knew her felt amazed.
	Natalia? How could it be her?
	In the past, Natalia always dressed up in professional clothes, with a capable and vigorous aura.
	Although she was pretty, her appearance was overshadowed by a way of doing things that was intrepid.
	Thinking of her, everyone admired her ability, but gradually ignored her beauty.
	Today, they had a new understanding of her.
	Natalia looked around the banquet hall, and her eyes fell on a grey-haired man not far away.
	“He is the director Mike Elliott,” Victoria whispered. “He has an eccentric temper. Sometimes he doesn't give anyone credit. Be careful when you talk to him.
	Natalia nodded.
	“I see.”
	Victoria looked around and whispered, “I have some acquaintances over there. I want to say hello, so I won't go with you.”
	“Ok.”
	After Victoria left, Natalia secretly took a breath and went to Mike with the glass.
	“Mr. Elliott.”
	Mike Elliott, the most famous comedy director in the circle. His works were funny, but in private he was very serious, eccentric, low-key, and rarely participated in social parties.
	Because he used to be a student of WL High School, and now the principal had a good relationship with him, so he came to attend the activity today.
	Hearing the voice, he turned round.
	He was surprised to see Natalia,.
	“Nice to meet you, Mr. Elliott, my name is Natalia Dawson, the person in charge of Xunghui Culture.”
	Natalia respectfully handed over her business card. Mike took a look with an indifferent attitude.
	“Xunghui Culture? I heard about its acquisition. It was you. What's up?”
	Such occasions were originally used for social intercourse, few would talk about business?
	Mike asked so, apparently he didn’t want to have social intercourse.
	.
	He would not have been present today if the principle had not begged him to come.
	Natalia was not angry but said with a smile, “I know you do not like social intercourse, and I come for something.”
	She came straight to the point, which surprised Mike.
	He looked at her and asked, “What is it?”
	“I heard that you are casting an actress for a new movie. Do you have any candidates?”
Chapter 73 The Genius Director
	Mike's new project had been started for a month, which was the news that Natalia got not long ago.
	As the most prestigious and box office appealing first-line director, Mike’s roles were undoubtedly sought-after.
	It was not only ordinary actors fought for it, but also the first line actors hoped that they could have a significant role.
	But Mike was principled director who never paid attention to the status, but only cared about if it matched the role.
	He was particularly fond of choosing new actors, because they were like a blank paper compared to the old actors who had their own characteristics. For Mike's work, which had a personal style, they were easy to be taught and to show the way he had in mind.
	Because of this, he was famous in choosing new actors.
	Mike was one of the reasons that Natalia agreed to present.
	She smiled. Mike looked at her and frowned.
	“Why do you ask that?”
	“Mr. Elliott, you know, I have Xunghui Culture in hands now. I ask you this question naturally is to recommend the right candidate to you.”
	Mike mocked lightly.
	“Do you have good actors in Xunghui Culture?”
	It was known that Xunghui Culture was going to close down. Any promising actors would have left the company long ago. Who would stay there?
	Natalia, however, just smiled.
	“Your new film ‘The Wind’ have actors almost for all roles expect for the female two Ni Lan. I know in art you are the pursuit of perfection, even if the shooting schedule is delayed, you will not reluctantly compromise.
	I happen to have an actress at my hand who would be very suitable for the part, and if you would give me a chance, I would take her to have audition, and I am sure you would not be disappointed.”
	Natalia's words exaggerated in the ears of others.
	Some people around had been whispering, but Mike just wrinkled his eyebrows, staring at her without a word.
	“Who does she think she is? How can she have such an important part!”
	“Yes, Xunghui Culture is a small broken company, how dare she come to Mr. Elliott to ask for a role. She is overestimating herself!”
	“Jessica failed to have that role. Even if she has artists, they should be new! How can they get that part?”
	“SHH! Mr. Elliott likes to use new artists...”
	Someone said that and soon there was no sound around.
	Mike looked at the woman in front of him. She was cold and calm, with a very strong and determined aura, and inexplicably he believed her.
	There was nothing to hesitate about, it was just an audition.
	With this thought, he nodded and was about to agree.
	At that moment, there was a burst of merry laughter from the door.
	“Jessica, you have good performance tonight and you are better than anyone! Those boys looked at you like a hungry wolf.”
	“Jessica is charming. No matter looks and talent is first-class, they love her of course!”
	“It is a pity that Jessica has a boyfriend. Even if they appreciate her, they dared not get close to her!”
	“Ha ha, if your words are heard by Mr. Shawn, be careful to be beaten.”
	“Mr. Shawn is a gentleman, he won’t beat me!”
	“......”
	“All right, don't talk nonsense. Everyone was good tonight. I just took a long time to learn the act, and it was not a big deal.”
	“Jessica is really modest.”
	Perhaps it was because she was standing so close to the door that almost all the people on this side heard it, even if it was not too loud.
	She took a look and saw Jessica came in with a group of people.
	Jessica walked in the middle, surrounded by Hazel and Lily, wearing a white dress that made her noble and delicate, just like a princess in need of protection.
	She found Mike was standing not far away. She was surprised and walked over carrying the dress.
	“Mr. Elliott, you are here.”
	Mike nodded faintly.
	Hazel and Lily were pleased to see Mike and come to greet him.
	“Hello, Mr. Elliott, I'm Hazel Mayer. I've seen your play before and I really like it.”
	“Mr. Elliott, my name is Mya Dean, I am your fans!”
	“Mr. Elliott, my name is Katie Campbell, last time we met in the activity, do you still remember me?”
	A group of women rushed forward and soon surrounded Mike.
	They were all trying to introduce themselves, hoping to make a few more appearances in front of him so that he could remember them and one day they might be able to take the role.
	However, Mike did not like noisy occasions. He attended the event because of the principal. How could he bear to be surrounded by a group of noisy women?
	His brows wrinkled.
	But due to the occasion, it was not good that he turned to leave.
	Seeing this, Natalia said with a smile, “Mr. Elliott, didn't you just say you had something to do? In that case, we won't detain you. Please take your time.”
	Mike took a look at her with something in the eyes.
	A moment later, he nodded his head and turned to leave.
	He took two steps outside, paused, turned to her and said, “Contact my assistant tomorrow and he'll tell you the time.”
	Natalia's eyes brightened.
	She nodded with a smile, “Ok, thanks Mr. Elliott.”
	Mike left.
	Hazel and other people got angry.
	“Natalia! What do you mean? You did it on purpose, right? Ask Mike leave as soon as we get here! Are you afraid he'll talk to us longer?”
	Natalia folded her arms and said softly, “Who am I? Can I ask him to leave? You think too highly of me.”
	Hazel said angrily, “Just now you reminded Mr. Elliott go first for something?”
	“Yes! Don't think we can't see that. You are afraid that Mr. Elliott like us, you don’t want us to be good!”
	“Yes! What a wicked heart!”
	Natalia smiled and did not take the group's indignant accusations to heart.
	Her eyes fell on Jessica.
	“You think so too?”
	Jessica smiled slightly.
	“Mr. Elliott does not like noise, Hazel didn’t know that and annoy Mr. Elliott. Sister, you stopped her in time, I should thank you.”
	Natalia showed a mockery smile.
	“Mr. Elliott finally asked you to contact his assistant tomorrow, can I know why?”
	Natalia raised her eyebrows.
	“What do you think?”
	Jessica secretly clenched her fingers.
	She reluctantly smiled, “Is it for the role Ni Lan of the ‘The Wind’?”
Chapter 74 Humiliate Yourself
	Natalia showed an understanding face.
	“So you know the part too!”
	Nonsense! She had been fighting for the role for a whole month, but she failed. Of course she knew it
	However, Natalia seemed to have made up her mind and pretended to know nothing. Jessica could do nothing about it.
	She could only take a deep breath and said in a deep voice, “This role needs high acting skills. Sister, your actors are not competent, and you know it. Why do you still want to humiliate yourself?”
	Natalia smiled.
	“I am not humiliating myself, I just want to have a try.”
	She paused and took a look at Jessica. She showed a bright but irony smile.
	“I've heard that you have been fighting for this part for a long time and failed and you still don’t give up. Don’t you think that would be a bit more humiliating?”
	“You!”
	Jessica could not help but feel angry.
	The female three in ‘The Youth’ had been taken away by Natalia, and now she still wanted the role in ‘The Wind’.
	Was she going to find the role she like?
	Jessica felt Natalia deliberately aimed at her. Looking at Natalia’s smile face, she pressed her anger down after a moment.
	She forces a false smiling face and said quietly, “Since you won't listen to my advice, let's fight for it with our ability!”
	The last time she failed, it was because Hazel was not good enough.
	She would do it herself this time. Could she be outdone?
	Ridiculous!
	Although Mike liked to use new people, he would consider it for the sake of box office!
	She had a large number of fans and a famous status. She now only had flow without a good work, so she needed a work with high reputation and box office, otherwise she would not be so humble for a role!
	This film was dominated by the male perspective, so the female role didn’t have too many shots. Because of the age, female one was a middle-aged actress who was a film queen.
	Therefore, she could only have role of female two, sister of the male leading actor.
	Although it was a female two, it was Mike's work, which was good enough for her a celebrity with flow to show off.
	And it was a role that matched her age and temperament.
	Therefore, Jessica was confident that she would have it.
	Natalia knew what she was thinking but she said nothing. As she turned around and was about to leave, there came a male voice behind her.
	“Natalia?”
	She turned her head and saw Shawn coming in.
	“Shawn.”
	Jessica showed a face of joy and came to hold his arm. She said in a soft voice, “You are here!”
	Shawn looked at her and nodded, “Yes, I just finished talking to my friend. What were you talking about?”
	He did feel there was something wrong between them. And he knew that Natalia and Jessica were discordant all the time, so he just asked casually.
	Unexpectedly, before Jessica said a word, Lily said angrily, “Mr. Shawn, you should speak for Jessica. Natalia went go far! She robbed Jessica’s role, besides, she asked Mr. Elliott to leave when she saw us, for fear Jessica had more talks with Mr. Elliott. What did she mean?”
	Jessica smiled reluctantly, “Lily, don't say that, she should not be intentional.”
	Not be intentional?
	So she was in the suspicion of asking Mike to leave so as not to let her talk to him!
	Natalia took a playful look at Shawn, and sure enough, his face sank.
	He looked at Natalia, frowned and said in a deep voice “Natalia, Jessica has been studying the role Ni Lan for a long time and she likes it, don't rob with her.”
	Natalia gave a slight sniff.
	“Shawn, where did you get the confidence to think I would do as you said?”
	Shawn was stunned.
	In fact, Natalia did not need to do as he said.
	But after all, they had been together for six years, during which she had always been obedient to him and she almost never opposed anything he said.
	Therefore, he subconsciously thought she would do as he said.
	There was a faint sense of embarrassment in the air.
	A girl next to Jessica said in disdain, “What do you think you are? Jessica doesn’t want to fight with you, otherwise with your scandal five years ago, Mr. Elliott would ignore you!”
	Jessica’s facial expression changed slightly and she said in a low voice, “Never mention it again.”
	That girl was not convinced, “Why not? As long as anything you wanted, she tried every effort to take it?
	Just like five years ago, she was not able to study in the Royal Academy, so she stole your works. She didn’t have you in eyes and you still protect her.
	I mean, let everyone know what she's done and see her true face, so they won't be fooled by her!”
	“Josie! Stop it!”
	A murmur of discussion rose all around.
	“What happened five years ago? What's this about the Royal Academy?”
	“Don't you know? They are two sisters, it is said that five years ago Natalia stole Jessica’s work because of jealousy of Jessica's talent, but she got caught! In that way, she failed to study in that school and Jessica failed to take the examination.”
	“Ah? Really?”
	“It was circulated all over the WL High School and the Royal Academy. It is the truth!”
	“What a wicked woman! The Royal Academy only recruits students once every three years. What a rare opportunity!”
	“Yeah.”
	“If she had no ability to get admitted to that school, it only means she was not good enough. How could she steal other people's works? What a despicable woman!”
	“Yeah.”
	The girl who named Josie raised her eyebrows complacently hearing the voices of the people around her.
	Seeing this, Jessica showed flurried expression on her clear and beautiful face. She hurriedly explained, “Please stop that, it is not the truth, Natalia...... Natalia did not do it on purpose!”
	“Jessica, you are too kind! And you hide it for such a person!”
	“Yeah, she bully you like this. Even you speak for her, she would not be grateful. Don't be silly!”
	“No, she is not like that.”
	“Jessica, you are too soft. If I have such a elder sister, I will tell everyone about it and let her fell ashamed for all her life!”
Chapter 75 Unfamous Celebrity
	It suddenly became noisy.
	Everyone was accusing Natalia and they did not appreciate her anymore and felt she was not that good.
	Their eyes were full of disdain and disgust!
	Natalia was expressionless. The was no change in her deep and quiet eyes. She was calm as if nothing had ever happened.
	Jessica looked at her expression and secretly sneered.
	Just keep pretending!
	How long could you pretend?
	She paused and was ready to say more.
	But before she said anything, Shawn's angry voice was heard.
	“Enough! Are you here today for a party or for some gossip? It's at the door. What's it like to be all around here? Get away!”
	Naturally, everyone was not willing to leave.
	Someone could not help but said, “Mr. Shawn, she harmed your fiancee, why don’t you help your fiancée but an outsider?”
	Shawn's back stiffened.
	The expression on Jessica's face froze.
	A quiet fear and reluctance rose up in her heart. She turned to look at Shawn and saw a flash of panic in his eyes.
	Shawn took her hand and explained in a low voice, “Jessica, I didn't mean that.”
	Jessica clenched her fist.
	Something was surging in her heart, with deep envy.
	But a smile was on her face, and she said softly, “I know that you don’t want me to have a bad relationship with my sister. It's all for my own good, I understand.”
	Shawn was afraid to look at her eyes.
	He nodded. “It is good you know.”
	Josie was still not reconcilable.
	She added, “Mr. Shawn, even if you don’t pursuit the things five years ago, are you going to leave alone the fac that she again and again robbed Jessica’s roles?”
	Jessica gently smiled.
	“Sis, you may not know, but this movie is very important to me. I've been studying it for a whole month to get it. I know you want to promote your artists, how about you give this role to me, and I will let Shawn giver her a female one role for her from another film invested by Glory Group. How do you think?”
	There was an uproar all around at once.
	“Jessica is too nice! After what her sister did to her, she's trying to help her get a role!”
	“Yes, she was easy to be bullied!”
	“Oh, she is too soft in temper. Fortunately, she has Shawn to protect her. Otherwise, she might be bullied by her sister.”
	“And she takes a role of female one for a female two! She lost nothing. It will be embarrassing is she doesn’t agree!”
	Listening to the whispers, Natalia showed a smile.
	She looked at Jessica with mockery.
	“Have you had enough play?”
	Jessica was stunned.
	With a forced smile, she said, “What do you mean, sister?”
	“I think you have got tired of being actress and change your career to crosstalk.”
	“Natalia! Don't you go too far!”
	Josie said again.
	Natalia suddenly darkened her face, gave her a sharp look and said in a cold voice, “What does it matter to you if I go too far? Who are you to tell me what to do?”
	Josie was shocked by her cold air and froze for two seconds.
	It took her a while to recover, and then her face changed. She couldn't believe she was shocked by her.
	She said angrily, “Even if I have no qualifications, I am better than you. Besides, I am Jessica’s good friend. So what I speak for her?”
	Natalia sneered.
	“Crosstalk can't satisfy you? What, do you want to demote to be a web celebrity?”
	All the people froze for a moment and did not understand.
	Jessica darkened her face slightly.
	“What do you mean?”
	“Isn’t it the truth? I always thought you have conscience and are scheming, but she you have good taste. I did not expect now you make friends with all kinds of people. If you do not want to be web celebrity, why do you make friends with such an unfamous celebrity?”
	Everyone's eyes widened in shock.
	What? Unfamous celebrity?
	Who?
	Josie flashed panic in her eyes.
	“You, you don't talk nonsense! Who is the unfamous celebrity?”
	“You, of course!”
	Natalia sniggered and shook her head, “Look at you echoing. Are you setting up a stage to sing? It's a pity that people like you can’t even sing professionally and make you ashamed!”
	Josie's face changed.
	“What are you talking about? I don't understand you!”
	Natalia sneered.
	“Do you think you can become a high-class celebrity with a change of clothes and makeup? Your ID is ‘Josie in the Sky’, right? You only get attention by being sweet. Last month you were liquidated and sealed because you cheated a netizen of a gift with huge money. What? Do you really think that no one can recognize you now?”
	In that case, everyone was chocked.
	They took a look at the girl called Josie again seriously and felt she looked familiar!
	A web celebrity like her was different from others. Because they didn't have any skills, they can only rely on skirting to gain attention.
	So, makeup and grooming were exaggerated every time they had stream live.
	Coupled with the filter effect, they looked totally different from the real look in life.
	They were goddess online and an old woman offline!
	Although Josie was not an old woman, she looked ordinary.
	After being alerted, the crowd soon recognized her.
	After all, no matter how well she disguised, her face and eyes did not change.
	There was almost a gasp of surprise from everyone, especially the young men who had been so obsessed with girls and goddesses.
	“Dear me! She's ‘Josie in the Sky’! Why she looks so ugly?”
	“My God! I gave her gifts worth tens of thousands before! I might as well have given to a prostitute if I had known! The prostitute is prettier than her!”
	“No, I can't face my beauty sense anymore. Why did I think of her as my goddess? God!”
	“You are not alone. If possible, I really want to take back all my gifts!”
	“Forget the gifts! If only she did not appear in my sight again, I would be grateful!”
	“......”
Chapter 76 Doomed Eternally
	There was a tidal wave of cynicism.
	Josie was panicked. She looked at the people around, trying to explain, but did not know what to explain.
	She turned to Jessica and wanted to ask her for help, but Jessica slightly lowered her head, tightly holding Shawn's arm and did not look at Josie.
	It was like two people had never met.
	Josie was in despair.
	Someone took out phones to take pictures.
	Then more people began to take pictures of her.
	With a frightened expression on her face, Josie waved her hands, and finally covered her face with them.
	“Stop it! Stop it!”
	“Why? Such an earth-shattering news requires photographic proof! Otherwise, no one would believe you are ‘Josie in the Sky’!”
	“Yes! Do you want to go on cheating?”
	A bunch of toffs clearly wanted to play with such a big news.
	As for how Josie felt, they were not interested in it.
	There were some wanted to take revenge, after all, he invested a lot the fairy girl she pretended to be, and he could not accept it.
	Jessica said when everyone had had enough photos.
	“That's enough! Stop it, Josie was not intentional. She just did it to support her life. Can’t her let her go?”
	Hearing that, they stopped.
	Actually they had taken enough photos
	Josie was sobbing. No one could bear to be publicly humiliated in this way.
	Jessica hurriedly comforted her, “Josie, don't cry. I'm sorry, it is my fault, if it I had not angered my sister, she won't be against you.”
	Hearing that, Josie looked at Natalia with hatred.
	Natalia showed a sarcastic smile.
	In such a state, she was so stupid that she even didn’t who was the victim. She deserved to such an end!
	Shawn frowned seeing this.
	He didn’t want to make it big. After all, it was the 70th anniversary of the school. After a while, the leaders of the school and the city would come, so it was not good for them to see this scene.
	So he asked everyone to walk away.
	At this point, everyone knew that the show was basically over, and there was nothing to see here, so they didn't say anything anymore and walked away.
	Jessica comforted Josie and asked Hazel and Lily accompany her to the upstairs and have a rest.
	After everyone had left, she turned back and looked at Natalia.
	“Now, sister, you should be satisfied!”
	Natalia raised her eyebrows.
	She looked at Jessica playfully, “Did I start it?”
	“I admit that what Hazel and Lily said started it, but didn't I explain it for you? Why are you still being pushy and mean to Josie? Do you know, she had a poor family and earned money from being a web celebrity, how do you...”
	“I'm not interested in hearing your complaints for her!”
	Natalia interrupted her coldly.
	Jessica covered her chest in heartache and disappointment.
	“Sister, how could you be like this?”
	Shawn revealed faint disappointment in his eyes too.
	But he didn't say anything but held Jessica and said softly, “Jessica, the principal is coming. Let’s not stay here, go in and sit!”
	Jessica wiped her tears which was not obvious and said in a soft voice, “Shawn, you go in first! I want to go upstairs and check on Josie, and I will be there after I make sure she is all right.”
	Shawn nodded. “Ok.”
	Shawn left.
	Jessica and Natalia had been left.
	“All right, everyone's gone, stop acting!”
	Natalia said lightly.
	Jessica finally stopped having that face of grief expression.
	She stood up straight. She looked distressed a moment ago and now she had a proud smile on face.
	“I had underestimated you, but do you think that by exposing Josie, it will have any influence on me? Oh! She's just a brainless fool, and I wouldn't have taken her with me if she hadn't been trying to curry favor with me, and she's so stupid and easy to use!”
	Natalia gave her a faint look.
	“So? What did you want to tell me?”
	Jessica smiled gently, came forward and whispered in her ear, “Do you think you can steal Shawn's heart again? Let me tell you, I could send you to hell five years ago, and I can do the same now!”
	Natalia frowned.
	Jessica continued.
	“No one likes a venomous woman who persecutes her sister! It is no exception for Shawn! You know what he loves about me? Appearance? Oh, no, it's my goodness and weakness that he loves best, and as long as I keep being like this, he'll never like you, understand?”
	Natalia sneered
	“Jessica, what magic medicine Shawn gave you? Why are you so confident that he was so charming that I still think of him?”
	Jessica's face changed slightly.
	She looked at Natalia with hatred in eyes.
	“You still deny it? If you're not still thinking of him, why do you dress like this, knowing he will present? Don't think I don't know what you're thinking! You'll never have him! '
	“Tonight, I'll show you what it means to relive a nightmare! I'll destroy all the reputation and confidence you've been working so hard to build up over the last five years, and leave you just as poor and lost as you were five years ago.
	As she said this, the rage and jealousy that had accumulated in her chest was relieved for a moment.
	She straight up and looked at Natalia with self-confidence, asl well as the winner's pride and arrogance.
	Natalia looked at her for a moment, then slowly shook her head.
	She said with sympathy, “Jessica, you are too naive! Do you want to use today's occasion to bring back the story of five years ago and put me in a hopeless position?”
	Jessica said in a cold voice, “It is your fault! Dare you come out on such an occasion today!”
	Natalia smiled.
	“Why not?”
	Jessica frowned, “What do you mean?”
	“It's nothing. I just feel sorry for you when I see that you are confident.”
	Jessica widened her eyes.
	Natalia took a step closer to her and whispered, “Are you really so sure that what you stole from my computer five years ago was the original manuscript?”
Chapter 77 No Way
	Jessica, “...”
	An almost stiff silence spread between them.
	After a few seconds, she burst into a smile.
	She looked up at Natalia and said in a cold voice, “Do you want to fool me?”
	Natalia shook her head, “Forget it if you don’t believe me.”
	Jessica darkened her face.
	“What exactly do you mean?”
	“Nothing, it is better if you can understand, but it never minds if you don’t understand. I just want to remind you, five years ago you can use it to destroy me, because I was off guard, but now is different!”
	Do you really think I am silly to come without preparation, knowing and you Lily are trying to set me up to again destroy my reputation?”
	Jessica's face completely changed.
	She shook her head in disbelief.
	“Impossible! If you had evidence, why didn't you show it five years ago?”
	Natalia smiled with light mockery.
	Without another word, she turned and was to go inside.
	Jessica suddenly was in panic, stretched out to pull Natalia.
	“Stop! Make it clear...”
	However at this moment, a figure hurried to run over and suddenly bumped into Jessica.
	“Ah!!”
	There was a scream. Natalia hurried to hold Victoria, turned around and found the red wine was on Jessica's half skirt.
	“Oh no! I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I ran over and accidentally bumped into you!”
	Victoria smiled and took out a handkerchief to wipe red wine for her.
	How dare Jessica let her wipe? She was afraid that she would push her suddenly.
	“Don't you come over here!”
	“It is you don’t allow me to wipe it for you! Don't blame me for not apologizing!”
	With that, she felt at ease and withdrew her hands.
	Jessica's face turned blue with anger.
	Victoria said with smile, “Don't be angry. It's only a dress. It is so ugly that it makes you look like a fat old woman. It doesn’t matter to get dirty. I will give you a new one.”
	Jessica, “...”
	“Besides, pregnant women can not be angry, what if you anger have an impact on the baby? This is the only chip you have to marry into the Mille family! Be careful.”
	Jessica was so angry that she almost spat blood.
	Hazel who had sent Josie into the room was worried about Jessica and came downstairs to her. And when she found Jessica got spilled with red wine, she quickly ran over.
	“Jessica, what is wrong with you?”
	Jessica said nothing but stared at Victoria, as if wishing to eat her alive.
	Victoria turned a blind eye and said to Hazel with a smile, “Nothing. Her skirt got dirty accidentally. Since you are here, take care of it. Pregnant women should be careful, we will leave you alone. Bye.”
	With that, she pulled Natalia to walk away.
	Hazel, “...”
	Natalia did not expect that Victoria would suddenly come over.
	As long as the thought of the fact Jessica got spilled with red wine, she could not help but want to laugh.
	She tugged at Victoria’s hand and asked, “Hey, where were you? What took you so long?”
	Victoria's eyes flickered.
	“I just talked to a few people I know.”
	With that, it seemed that she did not want to continue this topic but said, “Did you disclose it to Jessica?”
	Natalia smiled, “Yes.”
	“Did she believe it?”
	“I am not sure if she believes it, but at least she doubts it.”
	Natalia lowered her eyes slightly and then said quietly, “Thank you for tonight.”
	Victoria sniggered, “It's a big deal. I may not be able to help you with other things, but I can handle with this. Rest assured! If anyone comes tonight, I will get her to you.”
	Seeing her look assured, Natalia nodded with a smile.
	Jessica, in the company of Hazel, came back to the room to change clothes.
	As the whole hotel was occupied, most of the guests present were given separate rooms so that they could stay late in the evening and would not be in a hurry to leave.
	Jessica and Hazel's rooms were on the eighth floor. After entering the room, Hazel could no longer hold back but say angrily, “They went too far! How could they spill you with wine in public?”
	Jessica's face looked bad too.
	“Natalia will not do such a thing. It's Victoria.”
	“That bitch!”
	Hazel was so angry that she gnashed her teeth and said, “Isn't she relying on her father being the chairman of Topsun Group? So what?”
	Jessica sneered.
	“The identity of a daughter of Topsun Group is powerful enough! At least she is more powerful than you or I!”
	“But...”
	“All right, don't say a word and get a dress. Shawn is waiting for me down there. I must get down at once.”
	Hazel dare not say anything more and had to help her to find a dress.
	After Hazel left, Jessica went into the bathroom and thought of something as she was washing her hands.
	After washing her hands, she looked at her pretty face in the mirror and got slightly distracted.
	Natalia's words echoed in her ears again.
	“Are you really so sure that it was the original manuscript you stole from my computer five years ago?”
	The face of her certainty and confidence seemed to be there, and she became nervous.
	No, No way!
	She had literally copied the manuscript from her computer, and by rights, she couldn't have had a copy!
	But why was she so nervous?
	She knew Natalia so well!
	She could not have uttered such words in front of her, if she had not been so sure!
	She would never put on a show!
	But what if it was fake?
	What good did she get by lying to her?
	Trying to scare her? To let her stop getting her into troubles?
	Not likely.
	Jessica frowned and felt her brain was so messy that she could not figure out why.
	She was panic.
	In the past five years, outsiders thought she had a good life, but they didn’t know she had paid a lot.
	Marketing alone could not go far, she did put solid efforts and work hard.
	She had worked so hard to get to where she was now and how could she fall again?
	She had spent so much effort to drive Natalia out of the family, to seize Shawn, to get the life she wanted, how could she allow it to be so easily destroyed?
	No, no!
	She took a deep breath at the thought.
	There was a knock at the door.
Chapter 78 To Steal it
	Hazel's voice came through the door.
	“Jessica, are you still inside? I brought you your dress.”
	Jessica rearranged her expression and turned around to open the door.
	“Thank you.”
	“You're welcome.”
	Hazel smiled, noticed her abnormal look and asked with concern, “Jessica, are you all right?”
	Jessica forced a smile and shook her head.
	Although she shook her head, she seemed to have something on her mind, looking very sad.
	How could Hazel not see it?
	She said in worry, “Jessica, did Natalia that bitch bully you again? What did she tell you?”
	Jessica still shook her head.
	After a pause, she took Hazel’s hand and said, “I'm fine. I'm just... I'm just worried.”
	“Worried about what?
	“I...”
	Jessica hung her head and her eyes sparkled.
	“Jessica, come on, what is it?”
	Jessica said in a soft voice, “You may not believe it, I also feel unbelievable, I did not expect my sister would be like that, I really...”
	As she spoke, she had a tone of crying gradually.
	Her pretty little face looked as if she was to cry.
	Hazel could not stand it and said, “I knew it! It must be that bitch bullying you again! What did she do?”
	Jessica shook her head and it took her a while to recover her mood. She said, “After you sent Josie away, she stopped me and said that the manuscript I painted five years ago is in her hand, and tonight as long as she takes out that manuscript, she can prove that it is her work.”
	Hazel widened her eyes in disbelief.
	“Damn! What a bitch? Wouldn't that make you slander her?”
	Jessica nodded.
	“What a shameless woman!”
	“Hazel, you are my best sister, and I only dare to tell you about it. I really don't know what to do. You know, my sister is good at talking, and I'm really afraid that she's going to take out that manuscript to slander me, and then I'll be screwed.”
	Hazel said indignantly, “Jessica, don't worry, since she dares to say so, it means that she has that manuscript with her now. As long as we get that manuscript out before she does, we'll be all right.”
	Jessica looked at her blankly and in surprise.
	“Steal, steal it?
	Hazel nodded with certainty.
	“Yes.”
	“But......will it be bad?”
	“Nothing bad, that's what she's done!”
	Then Hazel noticed Jessica’s embarrassed eyes
	She patted her chest irritably.
	“Don't worry, you don’t have to do it. I'll take care of it for you. All you have to do is to help me keep her from going to her room.”
	Jessica looked at her and hesitated for a long time.
	Finally she said, “Well...... All right!”
	“Change clothes first, I will go out now.”
	“Well, thank you, Hazel.”
	After Hazel went out and closed the door, Jessica got up.
	Hesitation and weakness disappeared on her pretty face.
	Her face was full of disdain and loathing.
	She swore in a low voice, “stupid”, and then looked at the dress, which was obviously an improvised, ill-fitting one in disgust, and changed it.
	...
	The hall began to fill up. And the event in the school was over.
	Natalia skillfully walked through the crowd, talking and laughing.
	She used to not like such occasions, and later being a public relations director in the Glory Group for two years, she had to socialize and gradually she got used to it.
	The previous farce in such a lively atmosphere was not mentioned by anyone, as if it had never happened.
	After all, even the big news was nothing to them.
	It was just topic when they had chat, but today it was obviously not the occasion to chat about that. The guests present were mostly not rich or powerful, they would not talk about the trifles of the school days?
	What's more, Natalia was elegant, people were subconsciously reluctant to associate her with the that girl in the scandal five years ago.
	In short, it had been over. Since the parties were not willing to dispute, they naturally would not talk about it.
	Therefore, they did not estranged Natalia because of that, and a few rich and young men came to greet with her because of her stunning beauty.
	Natalia did not refuse and responded gently and politely, which showed respect to others and showed no arrogance.
	She had been in the circle for years and knew all too well the way of the world.
	A lot of people were like a dude, actually the relationship was complicated, maybe one day she needed their help.
	One more friend was better than one more enemy.
	Not far away, Shawn looked at her shuttling in the crowd with a somber face.
	Until a clear, soft voice came from behind.
	“Shawn.”
	He turned to see Jessica, put down the wine glass in hand and pulled her over.
	“You saw her? Are you all right?”
	Jessica shook her head.
	“It's okay, she's just a little sad. I'll leave Lily up there with her. She will be all right soon.”
	“Good.”
	Shawn said nothing after that and took another glass of wine, sipping it mouthful by mouthful.
	Jessica was disappointed to see this.
	“Shawn, you have nothing to tell me?”
	Shawn froze and looked at her, “Tell you what?”
	Jessica, “...”
	There was unspeakable bitterness in her heart and gradually her eyes became wet.
	She forced a smile and bent her head slightly.
	“I thought you would care why I changed my clothes.”
	Shawn was stunned.
	He took a careful look, only to find that Jessica was wearing another dress.
	His face changed. He felt embarrassed and coughed.
	“I'm sorry. I was thinking about something and I didn’t notice it. What's wrong? Why did you change your clothes?”
	His unease tone and vision made Jessica upset.
	She looked at Shawn and obviously found dodge in his eyes and he was perfunctory. She felt sad in the heart.
	“Nothing, I accidentally got spilled all over with wine.”
	She said in an angry tone.
	She didn't mention who did it, but she supposed he could guess it.
Chapter 79 The Thief Was Caught
	As expected, Shawn frowned.
	Jessica secretly breathed a sigh of relief.
	Anyway, he still cared about her.
	Since now he had known that she was wronged, he would certainly help her take revenge!
	However, to her surprise, Shawn only said in a low voice, "You'd better stay away from her in the future!"
	Jessica was stunned and widened her eyes in disbelief.
	She looked at Shawn in disbelief as if she had heard something completely impossible. "What... What did you say?"
	Shawn said impatiently.
	"Every time you two meet, you will quarrel with each other like foes of life. It seems that she is unreasonable, but actually, it's always you who took the initiative to provoke the fighting. Jessica, it's already a mistake for us two to be together, so definitely she hates you for that. Why do you still take the initiative to provoke her and get yourself annoyed?"
	Jessica was stupefied.
	She looked at the man in front of her and couldn't believe what he had said just now.
	Tears welled up in her eyes.
	"Shawn, do you think... Do you think I have always made trouble for my sister on purpose?"
	Shawn frowned.
	Then he explained helplessly, "I didn't mean that. I just asked you to keep a distance from her."
	"How can I keep a distance from her? Do you mean that I shouldn’t go anywhere she goes in the future? Shawn, how could you say something like that? I know I should say sorry to her, but I've tried my best to make it up. What else do you want me to do?”
	“Will it satisfy both of you if I go to hell now? If so, why did you even bother to come to me before? Since you love her so much, wasn't it better for you to be with her?"
	Jessica broke down with tears.
	Shawn's face changed instantly.
	He covered her mouth in a hurry and looked around. Then he lowered his voice and said anxiously, "Keep it down!"
	Jessica just cried, feeling so wronged that she couldn't even speak.
	Shawn also could not help feeling sorry, when he saw his girl crying so poorly.
	He held her in his arms and comforted her, "I didn't mean that. How could I love her? I only love you, and nobody else. I said that just because I don't want you to have any conflict with her ever again.”
	“You should know how kind you are. If you have a conflict with her, you will always be the one who suffers. Then I will also be worried. Do you understand this?"
	Jessica cried, "I think you are just worried about her!"
	"Of course not! Nonsense!"
	Shawn coaxed softly, "Of course I only love you. After all, you are not only my fiancée, but also the mother of my child."
	As he spoke, he gently rested his hand on her belly.
	Jessica didn't really want to break up with him. After being comforted by his gentle words, she knew better than to continue the fuss.
	However, the jealousy and anger at the bottom of her heart were like a volcano awakened, and she could no longer control it.
	Why would just everyone like Natalia?
	She had already broken up with Shawn, but she still occupied an important place in this man’s world.
	And she had worked so hard herself, why couldn’t she get anything at all?
	But then again, she felt fortunate.
	That woman was stupid enough to be so arrogant.
	After she got the real manuscript, no matter how hard Natalia tried to defend herself tonight, she couldn't get away with the crime of theft and framing!
	At the thought of this, Jessica took a deep breath and suppressed the surging hatred in her eyes.
	In the meanwhile, at the guest room department on the twelfth floor, Marie sneaked out of the elevator and found room No. 1201.
	She had just asked the receptionist for Natalia's room.
	And Jessica had asked someone to get the room card for Marie. All Marie needed to do was to go in and steal the manuscript from the laptop.
	Thinking of this, Marie put the room card on the door.
	With a light “beep”, the door opened.
	She was delighted and looked around to make sure that no one would ever see her. Then she flashed in.
	It was pitch dark inside.
	Marie didn't dare to turn on the light. She turned on her flashlight instead, fumbled for the laptop and turned it on.
	It took a while to turn on the laptop. She waited patiently, but suddenly she heard a very light noise from behind.
	Startled, Marie turned around subconsciously and shouted, "Who is it?"
	But there was nothing in the dark room.
	Her face changed slightly, her heart somehow pounding. She began to have a feeling of uneasiness.
	But now that she had started the plan, there was no turning back for her. Since she had come, she couldn't just leave with nothing. She must get the thing she’s here fore.
	Thinking of this, Marie took a deep breath and encouraged herself to continue looking for the manuscript on the laptop.
	The laptop that Natalia brought here was the one she usually used at home.
	There were not many documents in it. Soon, Marie found something that looked similar to a hand-painted design drawing.
	She was so surprised that she quickly took out the USB drive and copied the document into it.
	Unexpectedly, just at this moment.
	With a "clap" sound, all of a sudden, the lights in the room were all turned on.
	A cold voice of a woman came from behind.
	"What are you doing?"
	Marie was almost scared out of her wits. When she turned around, she saw a young woman standing in the doorway. It was not Natalia, but Victoria!
	"Why ... Why are you here?"
	Victoria gave a cold sneer.
	"This is my room, so why do you think I am here?"
	"Your room? Isn’t it..."
	She suddenly opened her eyes wide and realized something wrong. She looked at Victoria in disbelief.
	"You set me up!"
	"Humph! It's too late to know it now. "
	Seeing that the situation was not as expected, Marie hurriedly jumped to her feet for the door.
	However, as soon as she ran to the door, she was stopped by several security guards who had already ambushed around.
	Victoria looked at her coldly and then smiled.
	"Well, never try to run again. Since I knew you would come here, definitely I’ve prepared well! Just stop and surrender!"
	In the spinning hall on the second floor.
	The banquet hall was still lively and peaceful.
	To Natalia's surprise, besides the big shots from Julio, Amy, her favorite fashion designer, also came to the party today.
	It was said that Amy was a friend of the principal's granddaughter. She originally came to Ambario for a trip. Coincidentally, the school anniversary was held when she was here, so she was invited by the principal's granddaughter.
	Natalia was undoubtedly excited to learn about such good news.
	Unfortunately, since Amy entered the hall, she had been surrounded by all kinds of people who wanted to make friends with her. Natalia wanted to say hello to her, but there wasn’t even a chance for her.
	Just then, a waiter came downstairs in a hurry.
	He walked quickly to the manager and said something. The manager's face changed and left in a hurry.
	Natalia smiled silently.
	She put down the glass in her hand and walked towards the elevator.
	"Natalia."
	Jessica's voice came from behind.
	"The party is not over yet. Why are you leaving now?"
	Natalia looked back at her with a faint smile.
	"I'm tired. I want to go back to have a rest in my room. Is there anything wrong?"
	Jessica forced a smile.
	"No, it's still too early. There are many celebrities here tonight. Don't you want to stay a little longer?"
Chapter 80 Send Her To Jail
	As expected, Shawn frowned.
	Natalia raised her eyebrows.
	She raised her wrist and looked at her watch to check the time.
	It was already half past ten at night.
	Although it was not very late, it was definitely not early.
	She curled her lips and said, "No, but it seemed like you are having great fun here, you can stay here. Enjoy yourself!"
	Then she walked towards the elevator without looking back.
	Jessica's face darkened.
	She wanted to stop Natalia again, but Natalia seemed to have made up her mind and ignored her voice.
	Jessica was pissed off.
	‘Damn it! Why hasn't Marie come down yet?’
	Shawn frowned beside her.
	"Jessica, don’t force her if she just wants to leave. Let's go. There are still people waiting for us over there."
	Jessica looked panicked.
	Seeing the elevator door was about to close, she gritted her teeth and suddenly rushed forward.
	"Natalia!"
	Shawn's face changed dramatically.
	Even Natalia, who had already entered the elevator, couldn't help frowning slightly.
	After a flash, Natalia pressed the open button with one hand and supported Jessica with the other. With a livid face, she snapped, "Stay away from me if you want to die. Just don’t get me into trouble!"
	Shawn rushed up and held Jessica with a long face.
	"What are you doing? You even had no idea how dangerous it was just now!"
	How could Jessica not know the danger?
	Now she was still a little scared, but she had no choice.
	Marie hadn't come down yet. She couldn't let Natalia go back.
	Thinking of this, she was about to say something, but at this time, a middle-aged man ran over from the outside. He glanced at the three, and finally fixed his eyes on Natalia. He said respectfully, "Is this Miss Natalia Dawson?"
	Natalia nodded.
	"Excuse me, your friend, Miss Kaur, on the twelfth floor has met some trouble. She wants you to go upstairs."
	…
	Natalia followed the staff to the guest room department.
	Jessica and Shawn naturally followed them.
	As soon as they walked out of the elevator, they felt that the atmosphere on the whole floor was a little strange. At the door of one of the guest rooms, there were several security guards surrounding, and some other people were talking about something loudly inside.
	Jessica's face changed slightly.
	Shawn didn't know what had happened. He just followed Natalia subconsciously, because he saw the strange expression on the staff’s face when the staff talked to Natalia.
	At this time, he heard the crying and arguing inside and couldn't help asking, "What happened there?"
	Natalia looked back at him and then fixed her eyes on Jessica with a faint smile.
	"I have no idea. Jessica, do you know what happened?"
	Jessica could only force a smile.
	"Even you don’t know that. How would I know?"
	Noticing that she didn't look well, Shawn asked, "What's wrong with you? Are you feeling uncomfortable?"
	Jessica's eyes twinkled.
	The woman’s voice inside was so loud that everyone could hear it. Maybe others couldn’t know, but she certainly knew whose voice it was.
	It was Marie.
	‘Has Marie been caught?’
	It was impossible. At this time, everyone was in the banquet hall downstairs. Who would have caught her?
	But for the sake of her own safety, she didn't want to go any closer, so she forced a smile and touched her forehead.
	"Shawn, I have a headache. I might catch a cold."
	"Then..."
	"Oh, a headache? You should have a rest in my room then! I happen to have some medicine for headache in my room."
	"No, thanks."
	“Jessica! Are you afraid? "
	Jessica's back went stiff.
	She looked at Natalia and saw the familiar indifference and determination in Natalia’s eyes.
	Jessica couldn't help but feel flustered.
	When she was about to refuse again, Shawn also said beside her.
	"Let's go inside and have a rest. You are pregnant now, and it's not good for you to walk around. If you still feel pain after a rest, I'll ask someone to drive you to the hospital."
	Now that he had said so, Jessica had no choice but to agree.
	Finally, she followed them to Natalia's room.
	In the room, Victoria was sitting on the sofa. Next to her were four security guards, all of whom were private bodyguards arranged by Victoria in advance, not from the hotel.
	Marie was on her knees in the middle of the living room, with her hands and feet tied up. Her face was covered with tears, and her makeup was messed up, quite embarrassed.
	Not only the three of them came over, but also some onlookers were gathering up even earlier.
	It was so noisy that many guests had come to check the situation.
	Therefore, when they arrived, there were even many people surrounding the room, as if waiting for some good drama.
	Jessica's face turned pale.
	"Oh, what happened?"
	Natalia asked lightly.
	Seeing her, Victoria stood up and said with a smile, "You're finally back. I caught a thief for you today. Look, it's even someone you know!"
	Natalia looked at the person at the center of the living room.
	Pretending to be surprised, she asked, "Marie? Why are you here?"
	"I..."
	At this time, Marie naturally knew that she was fooled. She could only falter, "I just went to the wrong room. How could you tie me up and frame me as a thief? Natalia! What do you mean by doing that?"
	Natalia raised her eyebrows.
	"The wrong room?"
	She sneered, "If I remember correctly, your room should be on the eighth floor. How could you go to the twelfth floor by mistake?"
	Marie was speechless.
	Flustered, she looked at Jessica and explained stiffly, "I ... I was drunk, okay?"
	"Drunk?" Victoria sneered, "You were drunk, and you still came here to rummage around her room? You should think twice before you decide to tell a lie! Besides, you were certainly very sober when you copied the files in the laptop with the USB drive!"
	Marie panicked.
	She pretended not to know anything, "What files? I don't know what you are talking about!"
	Victoria didn't want to waste her breath for the nonsense anymore. She asked the bodyguard to search for the USB drive on Marie’s body.
	"Do you have anything else to say?"
	Since the USB drive was also found on her body, Marie had no reason to argue anymore.
	Now that the thief didn't say anything, Victoria asked Natalia, "What do you think we should do with her?"
	Marie glared at Natalia angrily.
	There was even a hint of warning and threat in her eyes.
	Natalia sneered, her eyes cold.
	"Let the police deal with this case then!"
	"What?"
	Marie screamed, "Natalia Dawson, you can’t be so arrogant! Once I tell the truth, neither of us two will be able to be fine in the end!"
	With a sneer, Natalia said, "I'd like to hear how much pain I will suffer from your so-called truth."
	At this time, more and more people who got the news came here.
	Many people gathered at the door and whispered to discuss.
	"Hey, what's going on? How could Marie just come there to steal a file?"
	"I don't know! Is it some kind of business secret?"
	"If that's the case, stealing business secrets is quite a serious crime and she will be in jail for many years, right?"
	"Yeah, but she deserves it! How dare she be a theft. She’s so shameless.”
Chapter 81 Turn The Two Sisters Against Each Other
	The onlookers’ discussion had thrown Marie completely out of her wits.
	And Natalia also looked unwilling to let her go, so suddenly Marie shouted, "That's enough! What kind of business secret? It was just a simple design draft.”
	“Natalia, you stole Jessica's design five years ago and told everyone it was your own, so that she has missed the opportunity to be admitted to the Royal College of Art.”
	“Now, you still want to use the original draft of five years ago to frame her again! Do you think it is really yours? You are so vicious. Aren't you afraid of being punished by God?"
	Hearing this, everyone was stunned.
	What? The design draft in her hand was the one that caused Natalia to be involved in the scandal of five years ago?
	What did she mean by that?
	Someone had realized what Marie really meant. They turned to look at Natalia with strange looks.
	Natalia framed Jessica with the original draft five years ago and claimed that the design was hers, which meant...
	Victoria's face also changed as she heard this.
	She looked at Natalia and asked her with eye contact.
	‘Natalia, you only asked me to play this show for you , but you didn't tell me this!’
	Of course, she didn't think that Natalia was trying to frame Jessica.
	But she didn't expect Marie to say so. After all, there was no evidence for that case at that time, and that was also why Natalia was unable to prove herself. If everyone should just buy what Marie had said today, this farce would not only be turned back against themselves but also get Natalia involved in the scandal again!
	Victoria was restless, but Natalia just sneered.
	"Do you mean the design draft in this USB drive is the one of five years ago?"
	Marie looked confident and replied, "Of course."
	"Heh!"
	Natalia smiled coldly and said nothing. She went straight to the table next to her, turned on the laptop and inserted the USB drive into it.
	Soon, the file was opened up.
	"Jessica, since you are here, why don't you come and check what this file really is?"
	Jessica was a little shocked when she was asked. She tried her best to calm herself down and walked over. When she saw the colorful design draft on the screen, she widened her eyes in disbelief.
	"The origin draft of Amy’s latest work?"
	Natalia raised her head slightly. "Yes, I found it online. I saved it and wanted to study her latest inspiration and style, but I didn't expect you also to be so interested in it! You should have told me before, since you also like it. I would have asked someone to send you a copy. Actually you had no need to steal it. Do you think so?"
	Jessica's face changed dramatically, so did Marie’s face.
	The matter was out of their control.
	Just now, even if Marie was caught, Jessica still didn't give up hope completely.
	After all, in the eyes of the public, she was the victim of what had happened five years ago.
	As long as she insisted that it was Natalia’s plan to frame her, and that she asked Marie to steal the original draft just to ensure a self-protect, everyone would be on her side.
	But now...
	How could it be like this?
	Squinting her eyes, Natalia smiled.
	"Jessica, you look so disappointed!"
	Jessica couldn't put on the right expression anymore. She felt a chill down her spine when she thought that she had been tricked by Natalia from the beginning to the end.
	Beside her, Shawn also sensed that something was wrong. He lowered his voice and asked, "Jessica, what's going on?"
	Those onlookers might not know the real relationship between Marie and Jessica, but he certainly knew it.
	However, Jessica didn't say anything.
	Victoria said impatiently, "Well, since everything is clear, let's call the police!"
	Marie shouted, "You can’t call the police!"
	"Who do you think you are? Why should we listen to you?"
	"You can't call the police!"
	All of a sudden, Marie pounced over and slapped down on the phone that Victoria was taking out. Fear and panic filled all over her face.
	Natalia said in a cold voice, "Since you think I wanted to frame you and Jessica, isn't it just right to call the police? Let the police figure out who wants to frame whom. Isn't it fair?"
	Marie shook her head, "No, no!"
	She was an unknown actress, but anyway, she also had fans.
	It was not easy for her to get to this position today. If Natalia called the police and her crime of thief was proved to be true, her career that had just begun would be over at once!
	Natalia sneered.
	"It's okay if you don't want us to call the police. Tell me what did you want to do here today?"
	Jessica secretly clenched her fists beside them.
	She stepped back quietly.
	Pretending not to see her, Natalia reached out her fingers and said in a low voice, "I'll count to three. If you don't tell me the truth, then there will be really no chance for you. Just let the police deal with this case if you don’t speak the truth!"
	"One."
	"Two."
	“……”
	"I'll tell you!"
	Marie said suddenly.
	There was an uproar outside.
	It seemed that there was really something behind it!
	Noticing that the situation was dangerous, Jessica covered her forehead and fell on Shawn.
	"Shawn, my head hurts. It's so noisy here. Can you help me out?"
	Shawn didn't want to leave.
	After all, the case was about Natalia and Marie. He also wanted to know what was going on.
	However, looking at Jessica's pale face and twisted expression, he finally frowned and wanted to help her out.
	"It's Jessica! She asked me to come here. She said that you stole the original draft of her work five years ago and wanted to make the matter clear tonight. She didn't want you to take it out, so she asked me to come here and steal it. It was none of my business. It was all her plan!"
	Everyone was stunned.
	For a while, no one could believe what Marie had said.
	What?
	Jessica？
	Shawn was also stunned.
	He looked down at the woman in his arms and saw that Jessica's face suddenly turn deadly pale and her lips twisted.
	Before he could say anything, he heard Natalia's extremely cool voice.
	"Jessica, since she has talked about you, I'm afraid it's not appropriate for you to leave now."
	Jessica and Shawn froze.
	In the eyes of everyone, they turned around stiffly.
	Jessica forced a smile and looked at Natalia.
	"I even don't know what she is talking about."
	Marie's eyes widened.
	"Jessica, you can't say that. You said that Natalia had just the original draft five years ago and asked me to take it back for you. How can you deny it now?"
	Jessica took a deep breath and pulled a long face.
	She looked at Marie with a sad face.
	"Marie, Natalia is my sister. We have also made clear the matter five years ago. I don't want to argue with her anymore. I believe that she has already changed as well. Now that we are in a good relationship now, how can I frame her?”
	“Marie, I warn you. Never make up stories just to turn us against each other!"
	Marie was stupefied.
	She couldn't believe that Jessica would say something like that.
Chapter 82 Sisters Turned Against Each Other
	Marie suddenly understood.
	It turns out that Jessica did it on purpose.
	Jessica said those words on purpose to provoke her to steal the file.
	And she got free from the case afterward. Then the case now had nothing to do with her.
	Even if the truth was revealed, Marie would be the only one to be punished.
	Marie looked at Jessica in disbelief, as if it was the first time that she had really known this woman.
	"Jessica, watch your mouth! You got your clothes dirty. It was me who brought you new clothes. You told me in the room that you would hold Natalia back and not let her go back to her room, and asked me to steal the manuscript for you. You must admit it!"
	Jessica frowned.
	This idiot!
	Why was this idiot still holding on to this?
	Didn't this idiot understand that only when she was innocent and stayed outside could she help her out of the jail?
	But now Marie just wanted to drag her into the mire. How could there be such a stupid person?
	Jessica was furious, but she had no idea how she could stop Marie.
	She gritted her teeth and said, "I have told you already that I don't even know what you are talking about."
	Marie nodded in disappointment. "Good, very good. You refuse to admit it now, huh? Aren't you afraid that I will tell them everything you have done before?"
	Jessica's face changed dramatically.
	"What nonsense are you talking about?"
	However, Natalia asked playfully, "What kind of things? Tell me. Maybe I won't call the police, if you can amuse me."
	Marie looked at her and asked, "Are you serious?"
	Raising her eyebrows, Natalia said, "As long as I'm sure what you said is true and I'm interested in it, of course I will give you a chance."
	Jessica screamed, "Shut up!"
	But how could Marie listen to her at this time?
	Marie sneered, stared at Jessica with resentment and said in a low voice, "Maybe you guys don't know yet. The pure fairy in your eyes, Jessica Dawson, is actually a bitch, a mistress, who has stolen her sister's boyfriend!"
	What?
	As soon as her words came out, everyone was in an uproar.
	A mistress? What did she mean?
	Wasn't Jessica's boyfriend Shawn?
	It was said that the two of them had been engaged since childhood. How could Jessica suddenly become a mistress?
	Marie smiled viciously and said, "Surprised, right? In fact, there is nothing to be surprised about, because Shawn's original fiancee was not her, but her sister, the eldest daughter of the Dawson family, Natalia Dawson. It was Jessica who took away from her elder sister the position of the noble young lady of the family, and even her sister’s boyfriend! Then she told the public that she was just Shawn Miller's fiancee. Anyway, they were both just Dawsons, so those people who didn’t know the truth definitely would trust her."
	Hearing this, even Shawn's face changed.
	"Marie, are you crazy? What nonsense are you talking about?"
	Marie said coldly, "I'm not crazy!"
	There was a slight sound of crying in her voice.
	"Jessica knows how hard my life is. And it was her idea to begin with. She asked me to steal the manuscript for her, but in the end, she wanted me to be the scapegoat. She knows that even if she stood out to admit it, she wouldn't be punished severely, but she was even timid enough to let me take all the responsibility.”
	“Why! Why should I take all of these? Why should I take the blame for you? You would only be scolded for a few words if you admitted it. But once I don't tell the truth, I will go to jail!”
	“Do you know what it means to be arrested? It means that everything I get now will be ruined because of this! I'm not stupid. Since you want to give up on me and be so selfish, of course I have to fight back!"
	At this moment, Jessica just wanted to find something to cover Marie's mouth.
	But it was too late. The crowd burst into an uproar, and everyone found the whole thing unbelievable.
	Then the way they looked at Jessica and Shawn carried a hint of contempt.
	"How could this be? I always thought Jessica and Shawn were the right matches. I didn't expect her to be ... a mistress."
	"Unbelievable! And she pretended to be innocent and pure. Now thinking about it, it's really disgusting."
	"Speaking of this matter, it reminds me of one thing. It seems that Jessica and Natalia have the same father but different mothers. Jessica’s mother was also a mistress, who even forced the original Mrs. Dawson to die!"
	"What? Is that true?"
	"It's been years. When I was a student, I heard it from my parents."
	"Wasn't the original Mrs. Dawson Natalia's mother?"
	"Oh my God! What’s this? A mistress had stolen her mother’s husband, and the mistress’s daughter stole her boyfriend. Natalia is so miserable!"
	"If I were born in such a family, I would have been driven crazy!"
	Countless discussions almost drowned the whole room.
	The faces of the people standing in the living room kept changing.
	Marie looked at Natalia cautiously. "Natalia, I've told you the truth. Can you let me go now?"
	Natalia smiled, but her eyes were still cold.
	"I thought you were going to say something sensational. It’s not interesting."
	Marie grabbed Shawn's hand. She knew Natalia’s mercy was her last chance. She begged, “You love Shawn much, right? I've told everyone the truth now. You will have a chance to be with him again in the future. Can you just let me go? I promise you that I won't help Jessica set you up again. I beg you."
	Natalia shook off her hand coldly.
	She glanced at Shawn, who was standing beside Jessica with a livid face, and said in a low voice, "I have never thought of taking back what I have thrown away. As for you,"
	She smiled faintly, "That's enough!"
	Marie was stunned for seconds before she realized that Natalia decided to let her go.
	She was overjoyed.
	On the other hand, when Shawn heard her saying that she had never thought of taking back what she had thrown away, he was shocked and his already pale face turned even paler.
	Just then, a noise came from outside.
	"I heard there was a theft being caught? What happened?"
	It was the headmaster of Riverside High School.
	The headmaster and other celebrities were coming!
	As soon as Jessica and Marie heard the headmaster's voice, their faces changed again.
	"Why are you all here? Where is the thief? Didn't you say you had caught her? Why can’t I see that?"
	"Mr. headmaster, the thief is inside!"
	The crowd made way for him. An old man with gray hair walked inside surrounded by a group of people.
	The headmaster of the Riverside High School, Shew Wright, the eldest son of Mrs. Wright, and the head of the Wright family now.
	When he saw Natalia standing in the living room, he was slightly stunned, as if he didn't expect her to be here. Then he smiled.
	"Natalia, it's you. What happened? Did someone steal your things?"
	Today, the whole hotel was booked by the school. He subconsciously thought that the thief was a hotel staff.
	Unexpectedly, Natalia pointed at Marie.
	"Yes, she is here."
	Marie was stiff.
	When she came to her senses, she quickly waved her hand and explained.
	"No, no, Mr. headmaster. I didn't steal anything. I, I just came here to help Jessica get something. I have explained it clearly just now."
	Jessica said angrily, "You are talking nonsense! There is no truth you’ve said! No one will believe you!"
Chapter 83 What She Did Not Say
	Marie wanted to retort but was stopped by the headmaster.
	He frowned, glanced around the crowd and finally fixed his eyes on Victoria.
	"Victoria, tell me about what's going on."
	Victoria told him everything in detail.
	With so many people present, she said it objectively and fairly. She didn't exaggerate or lie.
	Shew frowned after he heard all of those.
	"So, Jessica, is it correct that, you think, Natalia stole the original draft of your design five years ago and tonight she wanted to shake her crime and then frame you again, so you sent Marie here to steal the draft back. Am I right?”
	Jessica was stunned.
	After a while, she took a deep breath.
	She knew that it was useless to argue at this time.
	She could only say, "I admit that I did unintentionally mention it to her before. My sister took away my original draft and might use it to frame me, but I didn't ask her to steal it back for me.”
	“I didn't expect her to do that tonight. If I had known it earlier, I wouldn't have agreed."
	The headmaster raised his hand and interrupted her.
	He turned to look at Natalia and asked, "What about you? What’s your explanation?"
	Natalia sneered.
	"You said I’ve stolen your original draft... Jessica, tell me, when did I steal it?"
	Jessica frowned.
	"How do I know?"
	"You don't even know it yourself. Why do you tell others so casually to frame me?"
	Jessica was stunned.
	After a while, she took another deep breath and suddenly showed a smile.
	"Okay, let’s just take it as my fault and I wronged you this time. I apologize to you here. But it was you who did it five years ago, wasn't it! I was just worried that you would frame me by all means as before because of what happened in the past. I was a little sensitive. Is it also my fault to be too sensitive?"
	Jessica said with a smug smile.
	Even if Natalia forced Marie to say that she had stepped into the relationship between Natalia and Shawn, so what?
	In the world of love, the one who was not loved was the one who stepped in!
	After all, now she understood.
	Obviously, what Natalia had said to her in the banquet hall was just to deceive her.
	Huh! She had already destroyed that original draft. There was no original draft in the world!
	As long as she held on to what happened five years ago, no matter how capable Natalia was, it would be impossible for her to turn the tables.
	As expected, the people’s gossip around them changed again.
	"It’s reasonable. If I was set up like this before, I would also be worried. It's normal for Jessica to suspect Natalia."
	"Is this called post-traumatic stress disorder?"
	"What's wrong with this family? It's getting more and more chaotic."
	Hearing this, even the headmaster frowned.
	He also knew what happened that year, but after so many years, nobody should remember this already!
	However, he didn't say anything. He just glanced at Natalia.
	With a smile at the corners of her mouth, Natalia said slowly word by word, "I remember that I have never said that it was me five years ago."
	There was a moment of silence.
	It seemed that the onlookers needed time to get the meaning of her words.
	Jessica's face darkened.
	Natalia repeated in a low voice, "I've never said that I stole Jessica's work and knocked her out in order to take her place to get admission to the Royal College of Art, right?"
	The crowd burst into an uproar.
	What did she mean?
	Five years had passed, and everyone knew that she had done it.
	But now...
	Everyone was stunned and then realized that what she said seemed to be true.
	Five years ago, the news spread like wildfire. Everyone in the two schools knew that Natalia had stolen Jessica's work and knocked her out in order to get admission to the Royal College of Art.
	However, the protagonist of the matter had never appeared to speak.
	Since Natalia was taken away at the examination center, she had never shown up in public, let alone to admit or explain anything.
	In the past, everyone thought that she didn't dare to speak out of shame.
	But when they thought about it now, they also felt something was wrong.
	No matter how ashamed Natalia was, she couldn't hide forever.
	There should have been news about her later!
	But it was strange that since that day, there was no information about Natalia, as if Natalia had disappeared from the world.
	What... What happened exactly!
	Looking at the surprised and curious eyes of the people around her, Natalia slowly said word by word, "Five years ago, I didn't have the chance to tell the truth. Five years later, today, I won't allow myself to be wronged and insulted again. I swore to my dead mother that I would take back everything that had been taken away from me, and those who had slandered me should take back all the slanders on me. If they don’t, I will force them to kneel in public, and explain the truth to everyone!”
	She glanced at the people in front of her coldly and harshly. Her voice was sonorous and powerful.
	Everyone was shocked by her imposing manner. It seemed that she had made up her mind to figure out the truth.
	Some of them even looked at her with admiration.
	Oh my God! It was so imposing!
	The more they listened, the more they felt that what she said might be true.
	After all, without really being slandered so much, she couldn’t have such cold and resolute eyes, nor could she say such imposing and powerful words!
	Some of the onlookers had quietly begun to believe Natalia.
	Jessica said angrily, "What do you mean?"
	Natalia sneered.
	"I mean, it wasn't me who stole the work, but you! It was also you who framed me, not the other way around! You’re just a vicious woman who envied your sister's talent and used the self-injury trick to set me up! You didn’t want me to get anything that you were never able to get!"
	Everyone was shocked.
	"What? Do you mean that it was Jessica who set you up?"
	Someone couldn't help asking.
	Natalia nodded.
	"The day before the exam, she accidentally found that my work was better than hers, so the next morning, she deliberately broke her head and stole the original draft in my computer. Then she called the school and falsely accused me of stealing. In this way, everyone would think that I stole her work, and she, a poor girl who has been injured by her own sister and missed the precious chance to get admitted to the Royal College of Arts would easily get sympathy from everyone. Am I right?"
	Jessica's face turned pale.
	She shook her head repeatedly, but Shawn beside her just frowned.
	"Natalia, Jessica is not that kind of person..."
	"Shut up!"
	Natalia shouted coldly, "She's not that kind of person, so I am, huh? She wouldn't hurt her sister and frame her sister, so I could hurt my sister and steal her work, huh? Shawn Miller! Open your eyes wide and see clearly. It was not me who sneaked into my room today and wanted to steal the draft in the laptop. It was Marie! As for the relationship between Marie and Jessica, you know much more about that than me!"
Chapter 84 A Second Chance
	Shawn's face darkened.
	Jessica grabbed his arm and said in a trembling voice, "Shawn, I didn't..."
	Victoria sneered, "Good acting!"
	Jessica was speechless.
	As the crowd around became more and more suspicious, she couldn't stand it anymore.
	She looked at Natalia sadly and said in a trembling voice, "Natalia, I didn't expect you to say that even now! Well, if you insist that I had set you up, I have nothing to refute. But you can't prove what you said just by these empty words!"
	Jessica's admirers around couldn't bear to see her so sad and fragile.
	Some of them shouted, "Yes, you didn't explain it five years ago. Now that it has been so long after that, how can you prove you were innocent?"
	Victoria was stunned.
	She had been following Natalia's plan all this time, but she didn't expect this to happen.
	Seeing this, she glanced at Natalia.
	With a cold smile on her lips, Natalia was about to speak.
	"Who said it can't be proved?"
	A cold and calm voice suddenly came from outside.
	The voice seemed to be wrapped in the chilly wind outside, with a clear, cold air, which shocked everyone.
	Natalia was also surprised. She looked at the door in disbelief and saw the tall figure walking in.
	Archie McCarthy?
	Why was he here?
	The people around were also stupefied.
	Many of the people who attended the school anniversary today were famous and influential in society.
	Of course, not all of them had a good relationship with Archie, but they all knew him.
	After all, he was the person who would appear on financial news every week.
	But... Why was he here?
	Was the Riverside High School so powerful now? It was just a school anniversary. How could such a big shot be invited?
	Everyone was delighted, thinking that it would be a pride for them since such a big shot had respected their old school so much to come here in person.
	However, Archie’s cold eyes swept across the crowd and were finally fixed on Natalia.
	"Since the two both said that the work is their own, why don't we let them compete again and redraw the work of five years ago? It would then be obvious who had lied five year ago!"
	The headmaster and others were surprised to see him.
	"Mr. McCarthy, here you are."
	Archie nodded slightly and almost ignored the headmaster.
	He didn’t want to talk more to the people from the Wright family, since they had scolded his Natalia at the birthday party before!
	The headmaster saw that Archie didn't want to talk to him, so he knew better than to walk any closer. He could only smile apologetically and said, "I didn't know Mr. McCarthy would come. Please forgive me, I should have welcome you myself."
	Archie frowned.
	Finally, he turned to look at the headmaster.
	"Wasn’t it you who sent me the invitation? Why didn't you know I would come?"
	The headmaster was speechless, so were all those onlookers.
	Didn’t this man really know how hard it was to invite him here?
	Over the years, he had accepted few invitations and attended few banquets. Didn’t he know even a little about that?
	Although everyone was complaining secretly, no one dared to say it out loud.
	The headmaster apologized awkwardly, "Yes, yes, it's all our fault. Please forgive us..."
	Archie raised his hand and interrupted him, "Well, let's get down to business! What do you two think of my proposal before? If both of you agree, you may begin to draw right now. Anyway, it won't take you much time to redraw your own work, right?"
	Jessica's face turned pale.
	Natalia kept a faint smile and answered decisively, "No problem. I agree with this proposal."
	Then she even turned to glance at Jessica.
	"I still remember what you said to the public at that time. You said it took you two months to finish it. Such a painstaking work, so you won't forget how it was like, will you? It shouldn't be difficult to redraw it now, right?"
	Jessica's face got paler.
	She glared at Natalia, as if she wanted to skin Natalia alive.
	Victoria provoked her again, "Jessica, don't you dare to take a test? Well, if you feel guilty, just say it! Giving up directly means that you admit you framed Natalia before. We don't want much. Just apologize on your knees. Natalia, don't you think so?"
	Natalia smiled.
	"She should kneel down! Anyway, I have been misunderstood for five years."
	The two played along with each other, as if the matter had really been settled.
	Jessica was so angry that she almost spat out blood.
	Noticing that she didn't look well, Shawn already had a rough idea what happened.
	Although he couldn't believe that Jessica could do such a thing.
	Anyway, he had to defend her.
	"Jessica, are you feeling well? How about I take you to the hospital first?"
	Jessica nodded.
	She covered her belly with her pale hand.
	"Mr. McCarthy, I agree with your proposal. But I'm not feeling well now. Can I postpone the competition until tomorrow?"
	Archie frowned.
	Natalia said first, "No problem!"
	Seeing that Archie was looking at her, she smiled and said, "After all, she is pregnant. It's no problem for her to have a rest first. She can escape from it today, but she can’t tomorrow. It's okay. I'm not in a hurry."
	Some people around them couldn't help laughing.
	Jessica's face changed fast as she heard this.
	But since she could finally escape from it today, she managed to hide her anger and said in a low voice, "Okay, let's compete tomorrow. Where should we meet tomorrow?"
	"Just here! I'll wait for you here at ten o'clock tomorrow morning. You must come here."
	"Don't worry. I will come."
	Then she turned to Shawn and said, "Shawn, let's go first."
	Shawn held Jessica away.
	Now that they had left, the onlookers also left.
	The headmaster finally had the chance to speak to Archie, so he wanted to get close to Archie. But suddenly, he saw Archie walk to Natalia, took her hand and put it in his palm. Then Archie said unhappily, "It's such an important day. You left me alone at home just to attend such a shabby party? It’s boring here."
	Natalia smiled awkwardly.
	"Don't say that. After all... I've been studying here for three years."
	"Huh! You don't have to have any feelings for such a school that couldn’t even prove your innocence, even if you’ve been in here for thirty years."
	As he spoke, he held Natalia's hand and walked out.
	The headmaster felt embarrassed.
	He hurried to catch up with them.
	“Mr. McCarthy.”
	Archie stopped and turned to look at him coldly.
	"Mr. Wright, I have always thought that the Riverside High School, as the most famous school of Julio, can at least tell right from wrong. But now it seems that I was wrong, but it doesn't matter. I'll protect my woman myself. Hope that you can be more careful in the future."
	Then he took Natalia's hand and left.
	The headmaster's face darkened.
	Be more careful?
	What did Archie mean?
	It was known to all that the Wright family was so influential in Julio just because it was supported by the Kawn family in Eqitin.
	As for the relationship between the Kawn family and the McCarthy family...
	The headmaster’s face turned pale.
	Natalia and Archie didn't get in the car immediately after they walked out of the hotel.
	Noticing that her hand was a little cold, Archie went to a beverage shop nearby and bought her a cup of warm milk. He asked her to hold it to warm her cold hands.
	Then he took off the scarf she bought and put it on her neck.
	He complained while putting it on her neck.
	"It's so cold. You should have worn more. Aren't you afraid of the chill? Do you really think your body is made of iron?"
Chapter 85 The Second Trap
	Natalia didn't say anything, just holding the hot milk and smiling.
	Archie said a few words. Looking at her smile, he didn't complain but also smiled.
	"Tell me! Have you already planned it for a long time?"
	Natalia nodded.
	Archie's appearance today was an accident, but his proposal was similar to her original plan.
	She also wanted to compete with Jessica again.
	But with his help this time, the competition would be easier and fairer.
	Archie seemed to have thought of this as well. He smiled and said, "It seems that I shouldn’t have come here."
	Natalia hurriedly shook her head.
	"No, it's good that you are here."
	She didn't speak more. Although she had already made a plan, she was not confident enough.
	The Wright family... She wouldn't trust them anymore.
	Five years ago, it was just Shew Wright who convicted her in person.
	No one knew whether the competition would be really fair five years later without a fair judge.
	So it was good that he was here.
	It felt like suddenly having someone behind her and she felt more confident!
	Victoria walked out of the hotel and said with a smile, "Oh, I see something I shouldn't have seen, right? Natalia, why don't you introduce him to me?"
	Pursing her lips into a smile, Natalia pulled Victoria over and introduced her to Archie.
	"This is my best friend, Victoria Kaur."
	"Victoria, he is Archie McCarthy, my..."
	She paused, and her ears turned rosy red with blush as if they were dyed with rouge.
	Finally, she said in a low voice, "My husband."
	Victoria's eyes widened in shock.
	"What? You, you get married... "
	Natalia quickly covered her mouth.
	"Shh! Keep your voice down!"
	She explained in a low voice, "A secret marriage."
	Victoria nodded.
	After Natalia let go of her hand, she looked at Archie and then at Natalia, giving a thumbs up.
	"A naughty young couple. It's such a short time, but you... Well, you have my admiration."
	Natalia smiled awkwardly.
	Archie was very dissatisfied with Natalia's attitude. She even felt embarrassed to introduce him to others, as if he was unpresentable.
	So he didn't say anything and expressed his dissatisfaction with his silence.
	Victoria asked, "Natalia, to be honest, it has been five years. How much do you remember about that drawing? It will be a mess if you can’t redraw it tomorrow."
	Natalia smiled.
	She took out a colorful hand-painted drawing from her handbag and said, "I've prepared it already. I drew it with my hands according to my memory, and it's the same as the one of five years ago. I was afraid I would forget it, so I drew it myself. I just need to draw it again tomorrow."
	Victoria nodded with relief.
	"That's good. Then I have no need to worry about that. It's late. I have to go back first. I'll come to see you tomorrow."
	Natalia nodded, "Okay."
	Just as Victoria left, a shadow flashed in the dark and disappeared into the boundless night.
	Looking at the hot milk in her hand, Natalia took a sip and suddenly said, "Archie, I suddenly wanna go to the restroom. Can you wait for me here for a moment?"
	Archie said in a low voice, "I'll go with you."
	"No need. The restroom is just on the first floor. I can go there myself. Just take the milk for me."
	Archie frowned.
	But under her gaze, he didn't say anything but nodded.
	Natalia went to the restroom on the first floor.
	The handbag was a handheld one, so it was inconvenient to take it into the restroom.
	She handed her handbag to the waitress standing at the door of the restroom and said, "Can you keep it for me for two minutes? I'll be out soon."
	The waitress often encountered such things. They stood here just to provide such a service to the guests.
	So she nodded and respectfully took over Natalia's handbag, returning her a number plate. When Natalia came out later, she could take her bag back with her number plate.
	Natalia went out of the restroom soon.
	After coming out, she took out her bag with the number plate and left the hotel.
	At the corner of the stairs, a tall figure looked at the direction the woman went, and then looked at the colorful hand-painted drawing in his hand. He sneered.
	The next day.
	At ten o'clock in the morning, Natalia and Jessica arrived on time.
	Compared with her pale face yesterday, Jessica looked much better today. There was even a hint of confidence in her eyes.
	On the contrary, Natalia had been frowning after she came here.
	When she saw Jessica, her face was full of anger, as if she wanted to tear her apart. But she couldn't lose her temper in front of everyone, so she had to suppress it.
	Seeing Natalia’s anger, Jessica became more confident.
	Archie and Shew, who were also the judges of the competition, also came.
	There were also three teachers from the Royal College of Arts.
	They were all the examiners of that year and they were all invited by Archie.
	The rules of the competition were very simple.
	The two of them should stay in different rooms and had one hour for the complete reappearance of the work five years ago.
	At that time, whoever made the most similar work to the original work of five years ago would be the winner and naturally the owner of the original work.
	Natalia knew that Jessica had seen her work only the day before the exam five years ago. Although maybe it had left a deep impression on Jessica, she could never remember it even better than herself.
	Moreover, five years had passed, so Jessica could not possibly imitate all of those details since she didn’t draw it herself in the first place.
	Besides, Natalia had given her a gift last night…
	She must be very happy now, Natalia thought.
	Thinking of this, Natalia sneered coldly.
	In the meanwhile, her hand was already on the laptop's hand-drawing board without hesitation. Her fingers were as agile as snakes.
	Time passed fast.
	About forty minutes later, the door of one of the rooms suddenly opened and Jessica walked out.
	"I've finished."
	Shew nodded.
	Of course, Shawn was also there. Seeing her come out, he walked to her and asked with concern, "How was it? Did you redraw it well?"
	Jessica smiled confidently.
	"Of course, I have sent the file to the mailbox of the headmaster. Shawn, I've told you that I drew it myself. Are you still suspecting me?"
	Seeing that she was so confident, the suspicion in Shawn's heart completely dissipated.
	"Nonsense! I have been trusting you."
	Next to him, Archie curved his lips coldly.
	Ten more minutes later, Natalia came out of the room.
	Compared with Jessica's confidence, she didn’t look easy.
	She said to Shew, "The file has been sent to your e-mail. But after five years, there may be some tiny details that I couldn’t remember clearly. But... It should be probably the same."
	Hearing this, Shew frowned and looked at her worriedly.
	Finally, he didn't say anything. He called the three examiners over to check the two files together.
	When they looked at the two pictures, their expressions became strange.
Chapter 86 Innocence Proved
	Jessica stood there and said proudly, "It took me a lot of effort to draw this work at that time, so I remember it very well. Natalia, you might have seen my work and it might have a deep impression on your mid, but you can’t possibly remember it better than I do, since I was the one who drew it. I think you’d better give up. You can't redraw it better than me."
	Natalia smiled, "Is that so?"
	"Of course. You can ask the headmaster if you’re not convinced."
	"Mr. Wright, is that so?"
	Shew looked at Natalia in shock, with a strange expression on his face.
	Jessica thought she was right. Natalia was such a fool that she had already totally forgotten the design draft five years ago. Otherwise, she wouldn't have come up with such a stupid idea to try to remember the details by redrawing it before the competition.
	Therefore, the strange expression of the headmaster must be because he had found out that the painting Natalia drew was totally different from the draft five years ago!
	Thinking of this, Jessica couldn't help but feel more confident.
	Archie said in a low voice, "Well, let's announce the result! We should tell them whose work is real."
	Jessica stood straight with confidence and waited for them to call her name.
	However...
	The three examiners said at the same time, "Natalia Dawson."
	"What?"
	Everyone exclaimed in disbelief.
	Shew repeated awkwardly, "Yes. After careful comparison, Natalia's drawing is almost identical to the work of five years ago, while Jessica’s ... is barely similar."
	"How could this be?"
	Jessica rushed to the laptop in disbelief.
	When she saw the two pieces of design with the same color but completely different contents, she was stunned.
	How could this be?
	The two drawings were totally different!
	Except for the main color, blue and white, they had nothing in common, neither style nor details.
	How was that possible?
	An idea occurred to her.
	Suddenly, she realized something.
	She turned around and looked at Natalia in disbelief.
	"You, you set me up?"
	Natalia sneered.
	"It's just a trap. I even couldn’t trap you, if you were not so scheming.”
	"You!"
	At this point, Shew couldn't say anything more. He announced on the spot, "Natalia Dawson wins this competition. With such a great difference between the two drawings, it can be concluded that the work five years ago must have been drawn by Natalia. All these years... we all have misunderstood her."
	As soon as he finished speaking, the three examiners beside him also showed a guilty expression.
	After all, they were also the ones who had believed Jessica's words and agreed that Natalia had stolen the design.
	Victoria was so excited that she almost cried.
	She rushed over and hugged Natalia, crying excitedly, "Natalia, I know you can prove your innocence. You have done it. You have really done it."
	Natalia smiled.
	Compared with Victoria's excitement, she was much calmer.
	Some things were engraved into her bones and could not be wiped away.
	Just like now, even if she had proved her innocence, who would be responsible for the grievances and sadness she had experienced all these years?
	Archie stood up and walked towards her.
	"I'm sorry that I didn't be with you when you suffered, but I promise that no one can frame and bully you in the future."
	Natalia stared at him.
	The man's eyes were peaceful and gentle, with strong confidence and firmness.
	Her heart seemed to be struck by something.
	She suddenly felt more comfortable and moved.
	She nodded then, firmly.
	Victoria smiled through tears.
	"Is it really good for you to show off your love like this? I think I'd better step aside. It’s strange for me to stand between you two!"
	As she spoke, she really stepped back. Amused by her, Natalia couldn't help laughing.
	At this moment, a scream suddenly came from the side.
	“Jessica! Are you okay? Jessica!”
	Everyone turned around and saw Jessica fainted on the ground. Shawn rushed over and hugged her. Under her white fur dress, deep red blood flowed down her thighs.
	Natalia hurriedly said.
	"Victoria, call the ambulance!"
	Jessica was sent to the hospital.
	After the check, it was found that she could not bear the abrupt change of emotions, and she just broke down.
	It was nothing serious, but it influenced her pregnancy, and the baby in her belly was ... gone.
	It was the next day when Natalia heard the news.
	Natalia didn't think much about it. Although Jessica got such a result because of her, she wasn't the one who caused all this.
	She had made a concession, but the reality told her that if she kept on compromising, her enemy would only get worse schemes.
	She was neither a lamb to be slaughtered nor a punchbag that could endure any bullying. She was not that generous to make a concession all the time.
	She quickly forgot about it.
	There was no other reason. She was too busy.
	She had a lot of things to deal with for both Star Entertainment and Annie International.
	In particular, she should deal with the case about the role she had discussed with Hamlin before. Because the competition with Jessica, she didn't have the time to find Hamlin's assistant. Although she had an appointment with the assistant in the afternoon after the competition, they hadn't reached an agreement on the specific details. They needed to talk more in depth.
	So she took Laura to have a dinner with Hamlin this night.
	Coincidentally, Archie was on a business trip to the neighboring city that day and would come back in the evening.
	Therefore, the two of them had made a deal. When he came back, he could pick her up at the restaurant, and the two of them would go home together.
	The reason why Natalia recommended Laura to Hamlin and helped Laura to get the role in the film, Chase the Wind, was not entirely for the sake of the company.
	She had read the script. Laura's appearance and temperament were really suitable for this role.
	Hamlin was able to stand out from so many outstanding well-known directors, so he must have his own abilities.
	One of them was his sharp eyes.
	In the evening, they had a nice dinner together.
	Natalia asked Laura to show him how she would interpret the role, and Hamlin liked her performance very much.
	The case about the role was settled soon.
	Just the payment was lower than the market price, but there was no other problems.
	But Natalia knew that with Laura's current status, it was not easy for her to get this opportunity.
	The payment was not important. Other soft benefits from the movie were long-term, so she agreed without hesitation.
	The three of them chatted happily in the private room.
	At the end of the meeting, Natalia's phone in her bag suddenly vibrated.
	Afraid of disturbing the meeting, she muted her phone before. Although she said she wouldn't drink much tonight, she was slightly tipsy.
	Natalia picked up her handbag and asked to be excused. Then she went out to the restroom.
	However, as soon as she went out, she ran into the last person she ever wanted to see.
	"Eh? Natalia, why are you here?"
	Katie walked out of the opposite room with her friend. The two bumped into each other.
	Natalia looked at her coldly and didn't answer. She turned around and walked to the restroom.
	“Natalia! Stop!”
Chapter 87 A Kind of Disease
	Katie quickened her pace to stop Natalia.
	Natalia frowned slightly.
	"What's the problem?"
	"Problem? How dare you to ask? Tell me! What did you do to Jessica? You made her like this!"
	Shew had promised to help Natalia announce the truth to the public, and prove her innocence.
	But because of Jessica's current situation, the doctor said that she couldn't be stimulated anymore, or she would be in danger.
	Although Natalia didn't care whether Jessica would be in danger, she didn't want to be charged with murder. She could only agree to postpone the announcement.
	So until now, Katie still didn't know the truth.
	She only knew that the reason why Jessica became like this was all because of Natalia.
	As soon as she looked at Natalia, she gnashed her teeth in hatred.
	Natalia smiled faintly.
	She looked at Katie as if she was looking at an idiot.
	"Katie, you know what? Having a stupid brain is also a kind of disease which needs to be cured!"
	Katie flew into a rage. "Natalia Dawson! Did you mean I’m insane? How dare you!"
	Natalia shook her head helplessly. "It seems that you are really insane."
	Seeing Katie be irritated. The girl next to her hurriedly stepped forward and comforted her, "Don't be angry, Katie. That’s not worth it."
	Then she turned to Natalia and said, "Natalia, how can you say that? Even if you hate Jessica, you can't vent your anger on Katie! After all, she is Shawn's sister. Your words were too sharp!"
	Natalia glanced at her and even didn’t want to talk to her.
	She might be glad to satirize Katie. As for a passer-by who she didn't know, it was a waste of time to talk too much.
	So she ignored the two and walked past them towards the restroom.
	Seeing Natalia even ignore her, how could Katie endure this?
	She grabbed Natalia’s arm and said, "Stop!"
	Natalia frowned. Her body had reacted earlier than her brain, and she skillfully shrugged Katie away.
	Katie stumbled two steps back and looked at Natalia in surprise.
	The girl rushed forward and held her up.
	"Katie, are you okay?"
	Katie finally came to her senses and shook her head. "I'm fine."
	At this moment, a voice suddenly came from behind.
	"What's wrong? What happened?"
	Natalia stopped.
	She turned around and saw Shawn walking over from the other side of the corridor.
	When he saw Natalia, his pupils shrank, and his feelings were a little complicated.
	"Natalia, why are you here?"
	Natalia smiled.
	"Does this restaurant belong to you? Why can't I be here? Someone’s fiancée is still in the hospital, and he is also here."
	Shawn was choked by her sharp words.
	"I didn't mean that."
	When Katie saw him, she seemed to have someone to protect her in an instant. She immediately walked to Shawn and held his arm, acting like a spoiled child. "Shawn, you are here just in time. She bullied me just now!"
	Shawn glanced at her.
	"Forget it! I would thank God if you don’t bully others. How could she bully you?"
	Shawn knew her sister very well.
	Katie felt both angry and aggrieved.
	"It’s true! She pushed me just now!"
	Shawn looked at the girl next to her.
	The girl smiled awkwardly. "Perhaps Miss Dawson did not do it on purpose."
	Her words also implied that Natalia had pushed Katie.
	Even though Natalia had already known they were shameless, she still felt amazed again.
	Shawn frowned and looked at Natalia.
	He wanted to question Natalia why she pushed his sister away, but when he saw her cold eyes, he couldn’t help holding back his question.
	Katie urged him anxiously, "Shawn, ask her to apologize!"
	After a pause, Shawn said in a deep voice, "Natalia, the thing between us has nothing to do with Katie. I think you should apologize to her!"
	Natalia burst into laughter.
	She looked at Shawn and sneered, "I knew you are not smart, but I didn't know you are so stupid. No wonder Katie and Jessica could deceive you with a few words when they worked together. You’re ... so stupid."
	What Shawn hated the most were her arrogance and sarcasm.
	His face darkened. "I'm talking to you peacefully. Do you feel better only when you satirize me like this?"
	Natalia chuckled, "Talk peacefully? You’ve just judged the case with their words, but have you heard any of my opinions?"
	Shawn said coldly, "Indeed, sometimes, Katie is a little arrogant and domineering, and it’s possible for her to tell a lie. But since Wanda also said so, it must be true. You pushed my sister. We won't blame you, but you should admit your mistake and apologize!"
	Wanda?
	Oh, she wondered why this girl looked familiar. It turned out to be the Wanda Kawn from the Kawn family in Eqitin.
	Natalia sneered again.
	"You trust her so much, huh?"
	"She is my friend. Of course I trust her."
	"Huh! I used to be your girlfriend. Why can’t you trust me even a little?"
	Shawn was speechless.
	Anyway, Natalia was a little disappointed.
	Although she had already known the true color of this man, they had been together for six years. Sometimes, she really didn't want to think too bad of him.
	But now she began to realize that the problems between them were just there all the time, even if she refused to think about it.
	The old dream had been broken, and no one would care about the feelings of the person in the dream again.
	They only cared about the person in front of them, because this was the person thhe cared about at the moment.
	Natalia smiled sorrowfully. She didn't want to argue with them anymore, so she turned around and left.
	Just then, Shawn's voice came from behind.
	"Wait!"
	Natalia took a deep breath and stopped.
	"Anything else?"
	Shawn looked around with suspicion.
	"Are you here alone today?"
	"Does it have anything to do with you?"
	Shawn's face darkened.
	"I just want to kindly warn you that even if I don't know how you hooked up with Archie, but as far as I know, he already has a fiancée in Eqitin, and it's impossible for him to really marry you. You ... don't hurt yourself, for our affairs."
	Hearing that, Natalia laughed out while feeling furious.
	She turned around to look at Shawn, her eyes full of sarcasm.
	"Shawn, why are you so confident that I will hurt myself for you?"
	Shawn frowned.
	"Natalia, don't be so stubborn. I know what kind of person you are. I don't believe that you will fall in love with another man so soon after we broke up.”
	“Yes, I'm sorry for you but I've given you the compensation you deserve. I heard that you sold two companies and the money you have now should be enough for you to live a comfortable life. You don't have to find another man in such a hurry..."
	"Enough!"
Chapter 88 Be Drugged
	Natalia's face suddenly became sharp.
	She was really angry. She really couldn't figure out why this man could say such words to her!
	"Shawn Miller, I think you have overestimated yourself too much. To a man like you, after we broke up, I have no need to still be loyal for the rest of my life. How shameful are you to have such an illusion?"
	Shawn had been satirized by her several times, which made him a little restless.
	"Natalia, don't be stupid! Do you know what kind of person Archie is? Do you know him well? It’s just impossible for an ordinary woman like you to get engaged to Archie McCarthy. Have you ever thought about what will happen to you if the person who is engaged to him knows about your relationship?"
	Natalia smiled faintly.
	"Whether I know him or not has nothing to do with you. And I think, even if we haven't known each other for a long time, I know enough about him. At least I know his nature very well. He is upright and righteous. He is not someone who can be compared with some jerks who have abandoned their girlfriends.”
	“Besides, I'm not afraid that his wife will come to me. Don't ask me why. I don't want to tell you, but I have the confidence. So please don't be so hypocritical and so pretentious. I only feel disgusted!”
	“We are all adults. It doesn't matter if we have an affair or not, or if we love or not. It’s nothing important, but you can’t care so much for your ex-girlfriend in the name of your deep love in the past, after you betrayed her! Maybe Jessica feels it’s good, but I can’t stand that!”
	After saying that, Natalia didn't care about their reaction and left.
	Shawn stood still, his face pale with anger.
	Katie stared at the direction where Natalia went in disbelief as if she had seen an alien. It took her a long time to come back to her senses.
	"Shawn, how dare she scold you? When, when did she become like this? She used to be obedient to you, didn't she?"
	It would be better if she didn't mention it, since when she mentioned it, Shawn got angrier.
	Who knew why Natalia, who had been obedient to him before, would become like this?
	As soon as she spoke, she became like a hedgehog. No one could escape from her sharp words!
	Was her gentleness before all fake?
	Sure enough, he had seen through that woman's true color. Compared with Jessica's gentleness and softness, her temper was just like a stone in the toilet, stinky and hard, which everyone around her had found extremely annoying.
	With a cold face, Shawn didn't say anything but turned around and went straight into the box.
	Katie got angrier as she didn't get an answer.
	"Wanda, do you think my brother still had some feelings for that woman? She cursed him like that, but he didn't respond!"
	Wanda's face froze.
	After a while, she forced a smile. "Mr. Miller and Miss Dawson have been together for a long time, and it's normal for them to still have some feelings for each other."
	Katie's eyes widened in surprise.
	"Wanda, even you think so? Is she really going to be with my brother again?"
	Wanda secretly frowned and a hint of sorrowness flashed across her eyes.
	After a while, she forced a smile again.
	"No, she won't."
	"Why?"
	"Because... You'd better ask Jessica about it! I think she knows more than me."
	After saying that, Wanda turned around and walked into the room, as if she didn't want to continue the topic.
	Katie stamped her feet with anger thinking that both of them just refused to tell her the truth.
	Just then, a waiter came over.
	Katie snorted. When she saw the waiter, she suddenly came up with an idea.
	With an evil smile on her face, she stepped forward and stopped the waiter who was about to enter the opposite room.
	"You! Come with me."
	…
	After going out of the restroom, Natalia found that there were two missed calls on her phone in the handbag.
	She checked it and found it was from Archie. She had muted the phone, so she didn't hear it.
	So she called back immediately.
	Archie didn’t answer the phone at once. After a few seconds, the phone was finally picked up.
	"Hey, are you back?"
	Archie said in a low magnetic and attractive voice, "Well, I almost get to the downtown. Have you finished?"
	"Not yet. Are you tired? You should go home and have a rest first if so. I can take a taxi home later."
	There was a moment of silence on the other side.
	After a while, the man's calm voice came again, "No, where are you? I'll pick you up."
	"All right! I'll send you the address."
	"Okay."
	After hanging up the phone, Natalia breathed a sigh of relief.
	She raised her wrist and looked at her watch. It was almost nine o'clock. It was time to get the dinner over.
	She washed her hands and walked out.
	When she returned to the private room, Laura and Hamlin were still there. Hamlin seemed to be a little drunk and Laura was pouring some tea for him.
	"Mr. Hall, Sorry. It took me so long."
	Hamlin smiled at her and said, "It's okay. It's getting late. Let's have the last drink. After that, I should go back."
	His suggestion was just what Natalia wanted. Natalia took her glass and said, "Okay, Mr. Hall. I'd like to propose a toast to you."
	Natalia drank it quickly. But after drinking it, she felt that the wine in her mouth tasted a little strange.
	She took a look at Laura and asked, "Have you changed the wine?"
	Laura was a little confused. "No, it's still Hennessy. The waiter just brought it in. No one else has touched it."
	"Oh, it's okay. I might have drunk too much."
	Natalia didn't pay much attention to it. After all, she was a little drunk at this time, and it was normal for her to have a bad taste.
	Hamlin stood up. After Natalia sent him away in person, she returned to the private room.
	Taking a look at the time, since Archie had just got off the expressway, it would take at least an hour. So she sent Laura out and waited in the private room alone.
	The room was big, with a table and a small sofa for temporary rest.
	Natalia sat on the sofa and took a sip of water.
	However, not long after she drank it, she suddenly felt unbearable heat all over her body. A strange and limp feeling came from the lower part of her body, and instantly spread all over her limbs and bones.
	At first, she just thought she was drunk, so she lay on the sofa and prepared to have a rest.
	However, the longer she lay down, the hotter she felt, and the dizzier she felt. There was a strange sense of itch on her belly.
	Natalia frowned.
	Something was wrong!
	She was not some naive girl who had just entered the dangerous society and knew nothing. On the contrary, she had got a lot of social experience within the three years when she was abroad and within the first two years after she came back.
	If she still didn't understand what had happened at this time, then the past five years would be in vain!
	Natalia struggled to sit up.
	The drug had worked. Her body was so soft that she couldn't use any strength.
	The unbearable heat grew stronger and stronger, and a thin layer of sweat formed on her delicate skin. Her beautiful face also turned attractively red.
	She tried hard to hold back the impulse surging in the deep corner of her mind, stood up and stumbled towards the door.
	However, before she reached the door, she heard a voice from outside.
	"She's inside. You guys serve her well tonight! You will get what you deserve after that. Remember to take photos after you finish! Got it?"
	"Got it!"
Chapter 89 Danger
	Natalia’s face changed drastically.
	It was Katie’s voice.
	Damn it!
	Hearing that the footsteps outside getting closer and closer, she knew those people were about to rush in, and she quickly rushed forward and locked the door.
	Then she quickly took out her phone and dialed a number.
	“Eh? I can’t open the door.”
	“How come? Let me try it.”
	There was the sound of the doorknob being twisted from outside, but since it was locked inside, it was impossible to open the door without a key outside.
	Katie immediately understood.
	“Huh! It seems that the b*tch knows it and thinks that she can stop us with a door. It’s impossible!”
	She took out her phone and made a call.
	“Ned, give me the key to room 8823. Cut the crap! If you dare to say one word to anyone, you won’t have to work here tomorrow.”
	Hearing the arrogant voice outside, Natalia suddenly remembered that this hotel seemed to belong to the Miller family.
	She gritted her teeth with regret.
	Damn it!
	Why did she, among so many restaurants, choose a restaurant that belonged to the Miller family?
	In fact, it was not her fault. The place was chosen by her assistant. Besides, the Miller family had a wide range of businesses in this city. If she didn’t investigate it intentionally, how could she possibly know that this company belonged to the Miller family.
	She could only put her hope on the phone.
	While dialing the phone, she thought to herself, ‘Answer it! Answer it!’
	Fortunately, the man seemed to never let her down. He answered the phone immediately after four rings.
	“Natalia, what’s wrong?”
	“Archie, help me!”
	“What happened?” The man’s voice changed.
	“I ... I was drugged. I’m in room 8828 of the restaurant that I told you just now. Come here quickly!”
	As soon as she finished speaking, the door was suddenly opened.
	Then, Natalia only felt a dazzling white light shooting towards her. She subconsciously closed her eyes and raised her hand to block it. Suddenly, her phone beside her ear was slapped down.
	“Clap!”
	The phone fell to the ground.
	On the phone, there was a man shouting anxiously, “Natalia! Natalia!”
	However, the next second, a foot stepped on the phone and smashed the screen.
	“Natalia! Finally, finally you’re in my hands!”
	Katie walked in with a smug smile.
	Behind her were four burly bodyguards.
	With a straight face, Natalia staggered two steps back.
	“What do you want to do?”
	Katie said with an evil smile on her face.
	“Of course I want to help you. Don’t you feel uncomfortable now? You must feel hot and itchy now. You must be in such a desperate need of men who can make you feel better, right? Look, I’m so kind to you. I brought the man here as soon as I knew you need them.”
	As she spoke, her eyebrows suddenly knitted, and her eyes turned cold. She commanded the four bodyguards.
	“What are you waiting for? Go ahead!”
	The four bodyguards answered in unison, “Yes, Miss.”
	Natalia’s face turned pale when she saw them coming over.
	“Katie, I used to think you were just a spoiled girl. I didn’t expect you to be so vicious. Aren’t you afraid that Archie will seek revenge against you if you do this to me?”
	Katie smiled with confidence.
	“Natalia, do you really think you are something valuable? You know what? All men have a common shortcoming. Archie likes you now because of your pretty face, but if he finds out that you are a dirty woman who has been played by so many men, he won’t care about you anymore.”
	“As for me, I’m the noble daughter of the Miller family, beautiful and rich. Every man knows what they should choose. Do you think Archie will want you, a bitch, or the daughter of the Miller family?”
	Natalia’s face darkened.
	At first, she thought that Katie just wanted to avenge Jessica, but she didn’t expect that what Katie wanted was always Archie.
	Natalia could not help but feel her heart sinking.
	Katie said in a cold voice, “Well, I won’t talk nonsense with you anymore! If you can give up your resistance, you will suffer less. Otherwise, I won’t be responsible for any of the consequences you may suffer.”
	As she spoke, she ordered the four bodyguards, “I’m gonna leave. Remember what I want.”
	“Yes, Miss.”
	Katie turned around and walked out.
	The door was closed again.
	Looking at the four burly men in front of her, Natalia took two steps back with a pale face.
	“Think it over. I’m Archie McCarthy’s woman. Can you afford the consequences if you hurt me?”
	The man in the lead laughed ferociously.
	“Come on! You’re Archie McCarthy’s woman? Then I’m Archie McCarthy’s father! Guys, hold her down. I’ll be the first, and then you guys after me.”
	“Okay, boss!”
	Those men came forward obscenely. When they let their guard down, Natalia rushed out.
	“Bitch, you want to run away?”
	A man pulled her back forcefully and threw her hard on the sofa.
	Then, there was the sound of cloth tearing. Natalia screamed and struggled desperately, but her hands and feet were quickly pressed down.
	As a woman, even if she had some skills, she was weak all over because of the drug. How could she be a match for the four men?
	She could only grit her teeth to try to stay conscious, and at the same time, she raised her head suddenly and bit the man in front of her out of blue. She was so fast and the man didn’t even manage to dodge away.
	“Ah!”
	The man who was about to tear her clothes covered his ears and stepped back.
	“Clap!”
	Then a loud slap fell on Natalia’s face the next second. She felt dizzy and her ears were buzzing.
	The man shouted angrily.
	“Damn it! How dare you bite me? I will kill you today!”
	Hearing his words, Natalia felt a chill on her back and struggled even harder. Just at this moment, “Crack!”
	The clothes on her upper body were torn into pieces, revealing her pink underwear.
	The man grinned hideously and pounced on her.
	“This woman looks thin, but actually her figure is so hot. Brothers, we are so lucky tonight!”
	Finally, Natalia couldn’t help but cry out of fear.
	She struggled and shouted in disgust, “Don’t touch me! Get your dirty hands off me! Get out!”
	“Bitch, don’t be in such a hurry to curse us. Maybe you will want to thank us later when we serve you well!”
	“That’s right. We are good at this. We will definitely serve you well. You’ll reach paradise later!”
	“Ha-ha...”
	…
	In the meanwhile, in the car.
	After he received the phone call, Archie’s face had been gloomy and freezingly cold.
	He asked Brian to drive as fast as possible while making a phone call.
	“Hello? Send some people to room 8828 of Pearl International Restaurant right now. Make sure she’s safe!”
	“Find out who did it to her tonight!”
	“Pearl International Restaurant belongs to the Miller family, right? Ask them to send someone to room 8828 right away and tell them that should she be hurt even just a little, I will ruin the whole Miller family!”
	After several phone calls, Archie put away his phone and took a deep breath.
	He asked Brian in his freezing cold voice, “How long before we can get there?”
Chapter 90 He Was Finally Here
	Brian also knew how serious the matter was. He quickly replied, “Mr. McCarthy, we will get there thirteen minutes later, if we keep the fastest speed.”
	It took an hour from the airport to the Pearl International Restaurant at a normal speed.
	They had already driven for a while, and it would take at least forty minutes to get there.
	Brian had tried his best to make it thirteen minutes.
	After all, a car was not an airplane. No matter how excellent its performance was, it was impossible for it to fly over.
	Obviously, Archie understood this matter. He tightened his lips and didn’t say anything.
	At this moment, Henry Miller received a phone call from his subordinate and frowned.
	“I see. I’ll make it clear right now.”
	After hanging up the phone, he called his son Shawn first.
	“Shawn, are you at the Pearl International Restaurant today?”
	Shawn didn’t know what had happened. He asked in confusion, “Yes, what’s wrong?”
	“Do you know who is in room 8828?”
	“8828?” Shawn was stunned, and then her eyes widened.
	“I know. What happened?”
	“You’d better go there and have a look. I don’t know what happened exactly, but the people there must be safe. Otherwise, the whole Miller family will be ruined.”
	Shawn frowned with displeasure.
	“Someone is threatening you? Who can be so powerful to threaten you?”
	The cold voice of Henry then came from the other end of the line, “Is Archie McCarthy powerful enough?”
	Shawn was speechless.
	He suddenly thought of something and his expression changed.
	“I’ll be right there.”
	After hanging up the phone, Shawn stood up without any words, took his clothes, and ran out.
	However, before he even reached the door, he was stopped by Katie.
	“Shawn, where are you going?”
	Shawn’s face darkened. “I have something to deal with. You and Miss Kawn just stay here to finish your dinner. I’ll be right back.”
	Katie pouted and refused, “No! You promised that you would take us out for dinner. Why did you run away halfway? Brother, I did not mind when you did it in the past. But today is my birthday. You can’t leave no matter what you say.”
	Shawn said impatiently.
	“I will come back as soon as possible. There seems to be something wrong in the room opposite. Natalia is still inside. I just want to go there to have a look. It’s only a few steps away. I’ll be back soon.”
	Katie’s face changed slightly as she heard this.
	She stood in front of the door more stubbornly, gritted her teeth and said, “No, you can’t go.”
	Shawn frowned and looked at Katie suspiciously.
	“Katie, did you do something behind my back?”
	Katie felt a little nervous.
	She blinked her eyes and said imposingly. “No, I didn’t. I just don’t want you to find that woman. Shawn, there are not only me here, but also Wanda. If you just go to look for that woman, what do you want Wanda to do? How can you do that?”
	Wanda smiled awkwardly. “Katie, don’t say that...”
	However, Katie just ignored her. The more she said, the more she felt wronged.
	“Jessica is still in the hospital and her baby is gone. It’s all that woman’s fault. You still protect her after she has done so much. Are you still a man?”
	Shawn frowned tightly.
	After a while, he took a deep breath.
	“Dad just called and said that Archie had threatened the Miller family. I suspect that something has happened to Natalia.”
	Wanda was stunned and her face changed slightly.
	However, Katie got excited at once.
	“What did you say? Archie threatened our family for that bitch? Why would he care about her so much? Is it worth it for him to do this to a dirty bitch?”
	Shawn’s face turned cold.
	“Katie! What nonsense are you talking about?”
	Katie was stunned.
	“I haven’t done anything to Natalia for six years when I was her boyfriend. Dirty? What are you talking about? Who taught you to say these words?”
	“I...”
	Wanda hurriedly stood up and grabbed Shawn’s arm.
	“Mr. Miller, Katie was just talking nonsense. But I don’t think it’s appropriate for you to go there now.”
	Shawn frowned.
	“Miss Kawn, even you choose to ignore her danger? Although her words are always sharp and cold, what if something really happens to her...”
	The expression on Wanda’s face froze for a moment.
	“I didn’t mean that. I just...”
	Wanda leaned over and whispered in Shawn’s ear.
	Shawn’s face changed a lot.
	“Are you serious?”
	Wanda nodded seriously.
	“So, you can’t go there, at least for Jessica. Can you understand?”
	Shawn didn’t say anything more after that.
	…
	There were no sounds from the opposite room.
	Archie arrived ten minutes later.
	The distance of at least thirteen minutes was shortened by three minutes by him.
	Brian swore to himself that he had never driven so fast in his life. He stepped on the gas as hard as he could, and the car almost left the ground and flew up.
	As soon as they entered the Pearl International Restaurant, a waiter greeted them warmly.
	“Sir, have you booked a room? Or...”
	“Where is room 8828?”
	The waiter looked at Archie’s sullen face and was stunned. He was a little nervous.
	“Sir, what do you mean?”
	“I asked you where room 8828 is.”
	Archie’s eyes were as cold as ice. Brian shouted strictly, “Tell us! Now! You want to die?”
	The waiter trembled and came to his senses.
	“On the eighth floor. Then go straight to the left.”
	Archie strode towards the elevator.
	The elevator arrived soon. Before the door was closed, a hand suddenly blocked the door which was about to close.
	“Wait!”
	It was a group of people, all panting. When they saw Archie and Brian, they were shocked.
	“Mr. McCarthy, you are here.”
	Archie stared at them coldly.
	Everyone lowered their heads with guilt.
	They were just the group of people Archie had ordered to go here on the phone when he was in the car. However, they were far away from here tonight and there was a traffic jam on the road. Therefore, they had run all the way here.
	But they were still late.
	Archie curled his lips and said coldly, “I’m afraid everything will already be done, if I only count on you guys.”
	The group of people lowered their heads, like pupils being scolded.
	“Mr. McCarthy, sorry. We know our mistakes.”
	Archie’s lips tightened slightly, but he didn’t say anything more.
	When they arrived on the eighth floor, Archie took the lead and walked out, followed by the others.
	The waiter didn’t recognize them. He was surprised to see a group of people rushing in aggressively.
	A waiter came forward and asked, “Sir, what are you doing?”
	“F**k off!”
	Someone pushed him away and soon found room 8828.
	The door was locked from inside, and there was a dead silence inside.
	Archie stood at the door, gritting his teeth tightly. His handsome face at the moment was as long as a fiddle that would break just any moment.
	With a cold face, he said in his freezing cold voice, “Open the door for me.”
	Seeing this, the rest of them already had a rough idea what had happened inside, and were all silent.
Chapter 91 Natalia, It’s Me
	One of them had already got the key and opened the door.
	With a click, the locked door immediately opened.
	Almost at the moment the door opened, everyone turned around in unison.
	As long as they thought of what might have happened in the room, almost everyone’s face showed an expression of pity.
	However, Archie just stood there quietly without moving.
	Someone felt something was wrong and looked back in confusion.
	The next second, he widened his eyes in surprise.
	In the private room, four burly men were lying on the ground. Their heads were bleeding, and one of them even got one of his fingers broken. They had passed out, and the blood penetrated the carpet, dyeing the beige carpet dark red with blood.
	Natalia curled up on the sofa, with a broken bottle in her hand.
	She wrapped her arms around her knees and curled up on the sofa. Her hair was in a mess, and her two arms were full of scars. Her fingers holding the bottle were also stained with blood, probably cut by glass.
	When she had heard some noise, with her blurred eyes, she turned to look at the door. Her consciousness was in a mess, but her face still showed a vigilant expression subconsciously. She sat up like a frightened rabbit.
	“Who is there?”
	Archie walked inside step by step.
	“Stay away from me!”
	Natalia growled in a low voice.
	She was already a little unconscious. The alcohol and the drug made her look extremely embarrassed and chaotic.
	However, she was still holding the bottle high, like a soldier rushing to the front to protect herself. She would never fall down until the last moment.
	Archie’s eyes darkened. When he passed by a man lying on the ground, he just stepped on the man’s hand mercilessly.
	“Ah!”
	Another scream came.
	As if she had heard the voice of the man, Natalia trembled and her back bent.
	She waved the bottle in her hands a few times randomly, staring ahead without any focus. She roared in a hoarse voice, “Don’t come over! Or I will kill you!”
	Archie continued walking forward.
	Natalia seemed to realize that the enemies this time were not as easy to deal with as they were just now. She fumbled for her phone in a hurry.
	“I’m gonna tell Archie McCarthy. I’m calling Archie McCarthy. Don’t come over, or Archie won’t let you go. He won’t let you go. He won’t ... Ah!”
	Archie suddenly held her hand.
	“Let me go! Let me go!”
	“Natalia, it’s me.”
	He tried to control her waving hands, and meanwhile, he was also careful not to touch the wounds on her hands.
	In a low and deep voice, he said, “Don’t be afraid, Natalia. It’s me. I’m here.”
	However, it seemed that Natalia couldn’t hear or see anything. She was still struggling, waving the bottle and stabbing at him.
	“Don’t come over. Don’t come over...”
	Brian stood at the door, and was nervous. For several times, because Archie was afraid of hurting Natalia, he was almost scratched by the glass of the bottle.
	Brian couldn’t help warning, “Mr. McCarthy, how about letting the bodyguards do that? Mrs. McCarthy is not conscious now. If she hurts you...”
	However, Archie didn’t seem to hear what he said. He grabbed the bottle from Natalia’s hand and pulled her into his arms.
	“Natalia, it’s me. I’m Archie. Don’t be afraid. I’m here.”
	He kept repeating the simple and monotonous words. After a long time, Natalia finally calmed down a little.
	She looked up at his face in disbelief. Her delicate face of unworldly beauty was now full of tears and flushed. She looked extremely spiritless and awkward.
	“Archie, is it really you?”
	“It’s me.” Archie looked at her and held her hand to touch his face.
	“If you don’t believe it, you can touch my face. It’s really me.”
	With blood on her fingers, Natalia touched his eyebrows, his straight nose and thin lips.
	She suddenly burst into tears.
	She threw herself into his arms and held his waist tightly.
	“It’s really you! You’re finally here! Why are you so late? Do you know that I was almost ... almost...”
	“I know.”
	Archie held her tightly, put his hand on the back of her head and held her head in his arms.
	“Don’t worry. It’s all right now. You are brave. They didn’t make it to do anything to you.”
	“Archie... Oh... I was so scared...”
	“Don’t be scared. No one dares to bully you again.”
	Natalia sobbed and nodded. Her tears and snot were all rubbed against his shirt. Archie didn’t mind. He took off his coat and wrapped it around her. Then he lifted her up into his arms.
	“Dear, let me take you home, okay?”
	“Emm.”
	Natalia buried her head in his chest and Archie walked out with Natalia in his arms.
	When he arrived at the door, he stopped and ordered expressionlessly, “Break all their arms and legs. I don’t want to see them again in this city.”
	Everyone was shocked and quickly answered, “Yes sir.”
	“The Miller family needs to learn a lesson. Brian, tell them that we will break off all our connections with the Miller family. From now on, whoever cooperates with the Miller family will be my enemy.”
	Brian was shocked and nodded hurriedly, “Yes.”
	Archie didn’t stop and left with Natalia.
	After Archie’s back had completely disappeared into the elevator, Brian raised his head and coldly looked at the four men lying in the room.
	He smiled coldly and said to the bodyguards behind him, “Since they have seen something they shouldn’t see and touched someone they shouldn’t touch today, they should no longer have their hands and eyes. Do you know what to do?”
	The bodyguards immediately replied, “Yes.”
	“Do it outside! After all, we’re in a society ruled by law, huh!”
	The last sound was a sarcastic mock.
	Then Brian left after he finished giving the order.
	He had to deal with the matter to stop all cooperation with the Miller family, so he had no time to stay here.
	Meanwhile, Archie got into the car with Natalia in his arms. He put her in the passenger’s seat and fastened the seat belt for her. Then he walked to the other side and sat in the driver’s seat.
	“Archie, I feel so uncomfortable. I felt so hot.”
	Natalia kept tugging at the man’s coat that she was wrapped in.
	Archie’s eyes darkened as he looked at her flushed face and blurred eyes.
	He reached out and covered the clothes that she had pulled away back on her. He said in a deep voice, “Hold on. I’ll send you to the hospital right away.”
	He started the car and it drove away like a flash of thunder.
	However, Natalia only felt very uncomfortable.
	It seemed that there was a fire burning in her body, which was so hot that she was about to explode.
	She moved back and forth on the chair and somehow moved to the side of the man. All of a sudden, she seemed to find an iceberg and immediately pressed her face against it.
	“Archie... Let’s not go to the hospital... I’m so hot... I want to drink water...”
Chapter 92 Call Me Honey
	The woman’s little face rubbed against his arm. The scorching her from her face brought a sense of ambiguous sexiness.
	Archie’s Adam’s apple bobbed and said in a hoarse voice, “Okay, wait a minute.”
	He pulled off the car at the side of the road, took out a new bottle of mineral water from the trunk, and returned to the car, carefully feeding the water to her mouth.
	“Natalia, drink some water.”
	Natalia held his hands and took several gulps.
	The heat in her throat was temporarily diluted by the cold water, but in just a few seconds, more numbness, itch and heat came continuously.
	She couldn’t stand it anymore. She reached out to unbutton her collar and rubbed against the chair.
	“I feel so bad...”
	Archie fastened the seat belt and said in a low voice, “Hold on. We almost get to the hospital.”
	All of a sudden, Natalia fell to his side and her head fell on his shoulder. If it weren’t for the seat belt, she would have fallen into his arms.
	“Archie... I can’t stand it anymore... Can you help me? Don’t go to the hospital.”
	As she spoke, she grabbed her clothes and rubbed her face against his neck like a kitten.
	Archie felt that her scorching body was like a fire, instantly ignited his skin.
	As he drove, he reached out his hand to hold the woman.
	“You have wounds on your body and need to be dealt with. Good girl, You will be fine after a while.”
	“No... Archie, help me... I feel so bad...”
	She kept humming, and her voice was soft and lustful, with a faint trace of desperation.
	Any man would be unable to control himself when he heard such a voice from a woman.
	Besides, she was already his woman!
	Archie tightened his hands holding the steering wheel and looked at a group of premium apartment buildings not far away. He remembered that he seemed to have a suite there, so he drove over.
	The car soon arrived near the apartment, and suddenly there was a very light “clap”.
	It was Natalia who unfastened the seat belt.
	“Archie... Your body is so cold... Let me hug you, okay?”
	The woman wrapped her arms around his neck and wrapped her whole body around him.
	Because of her actions and words, Archie tensed up even more. He said in a hoarse voice, “Natalia, sit down. I’m driving.”
	“No... Archie... I’m so hot... Can you help me? Help me!”
	She unconsciously rubbed against him and finally pounced on him.
	Archie had no choice but to hold her with one hand and press her head on his shoulder.
	“Then you just sit here and don’t move. We’ll be there soon.”
	“Um... Honey... My husband...”
	The hot kiss suddenly fell on his neck, and then the woman suddenly opened her mouth and bit his Adam’s apple.
	Creak!
	The screeching sound of car brakeing came through in a hurry. Archie almost lost control of the steering wheel. He gulped nervously.
	“Natalia！”
	“What?”
	The woman in his arms raised her head in a daze and looked at him with a pair of misty confused eyes, like a lost deer.
	Archie’s words were about to come to his mouth, but when he felt her affectionate and watery eyes, they were all shattered into pieces and swallowed back.
	After a long time, he said in a hoarse voice, “Don’t move. Two minutes more, okay?”
	Natalia seemed to understand what he meant and nodded obediently.
	“Can I just hold you like this?”
	“Okay.”
	As she had promised, Natalia stopped moving. She wrapped her arms around his neck obediently and hung herself on his body like a koala.
	Archie drove the car into the underground parking lot of the community. Before getting out of the car, he called Brian and asked him to bring a doctor here. Then he carried Natalia out of the car.
	Natalia curled up in his arms and put her arms around his neck to kiss his lips.
	“Honey... I want you...”
	Archie was even amused.
	He turned his face away slightly to avoid her kiss.
	Natalia was instantly a little angry and looked at him angrily.
	Archie sneered, “You want me only at this time? I’ve never seen you so enthusiastic before.”
	Natalia was speechless.
	She suddenly felt a little guilty, but the guilt was so weak in the effect of the medicine, and it was soon suppressed by waves of lusts.
	Natalia said cheekily, “It’s all because I’m drugged now, okay? Otherwise, how could you take advantage of me so easily?”
	The sneer on Archie’s lips deepened.
	“Okay, I won’t take advantage of you today.”
	Natalia was annoyed.
	She opened her mouth and bit him hard on the shoulder.
	But the man didn’t seem to feel the pain. When the elevator went up, he just held her without moving.
	Finally, Natalia felt that her mouth was sore, so she let go of his shoulder and punched the hard muscles on his body.
	“What muscles! It hurts!”
	Archie said with a faint smile.
	“Without these muscles, your joy tonight will be reduced by half. Are you willing to do that?”
	Natalia was speechless again.
	Bah! Shame on you! She thought.
	How could he be so shameless? She really felt terrible now!
	Wasn’t this man always very enthusiastic? Although nothing had happened between the two since that night, she could see that he wanted something to happen.
	But why didn’t he do anything now?
	Shouldn’t he come up to strip her and get straight to the point?
	Natalia was so angry that she almost cried, but she could do nothing to him.
	She could only put her arms around his neck and constantly rubbed against his chest. She pleaded in a soft voice, “Honey, I’m so uncomfortable. I’m going to explode... Please help me...”
	With a faint “Emm”, the elevator door opened. He walked out with Natalia in his arms.
	The door of the apartment was a password door. Archie pressed the password he had remembered deep in his heart. Sure enough, the door opened.
	He walked in with her in his arms.
	As soon as the door was closed, the woman eagerly kissed him and tightly wrapped her arms around his neck.
	Archie had never known that this woman could be so fierce.
	But wasn’t her kiss too rough?
	It was not a kiss? It was obviously a bite!
	And a so fierce bite that would almost bite off a piece of his flesh!
	In a daze, Natalia only knew that Archie had taken her to a room. As for whether it was a room in a hotel or somewhere else, she had no time to care at all.
	The scorching kisses went down from his lips to his Adam’s apple.
	A man’s groan came from the darkness.
	The next second, there was a “crack” sound.
	The lights in the room were turned on, and the warm yellow light shone down from the top. The woman in his arms was flushed and her eyes were blurred. The coat had already fallen to somewhere, and her clothes were already torn open by her, revealing her fair yet flushed skin.
	Archie’s eyes darkened drastically.
Chapter 93 Crazy Night
	Even if he had a strong will, he still found it hard to control himself at the moment.
	After the suffering, the woman in his arms was even more beautiful and seductive. She was now like a bottle of top-grade red wine, and he could hardly hold back the desire to get drunk.
	He took a deep breath, pinched her chin and controlled her kissing lips.
	Her voice was already hoarse, like a taut string.
	“Be a good girl, and then I’ll give it to you, okay?”
	Natalia looked at him with her misty eyes. She seemed to understand what he meant and nodded obediently.
	Archie then carried her into the bedroom and put her on the bed.
	Natalia’s clothes had been torn into pieces, but her trousers were still intact.
	Archie gently took off her clothes and examined her wounds carefully. Except for her hands, there were only some bruises on her body. She was in a good condition.
	He breathed a sigh of relief and pulled the quilt to wrap her in case she caught a cold.
	“Dear, wait for me here.”
	Then he stood up and was about to leave.
	However, Natalia suddenly stopped him. As soon as Archie turned around, he met her aggrieved eyes.
	“Honey, are you leaving? Don’t you help me?”
	Archie’s eyes darkened, but a smile appeared on his lips.
	“Are you so afraid of me leaving?”
	Natalia nodded vigorously like a chicken pecking at a kernel of corn on the ground.
	“Then listen to me and stay here. I’ll get you a towel and come back soon.”
	“Alright.”
	Archie quickly came back with a warm towel, carefully avoiding the wound on her hand and wiping her face and hands.
	Natalia fought against the four strong men at the Pearl International Restaurant. Her body was covered with wine and vegetables. It was so terrible.
	After wiping her face, Archie took her to the bathroom to wash her body.
	In order to avoid touching the wound, he had to ask Natalia to raise her hands during the cleaning. However, the woman took the opportunity and wrapped her arms around his neck, “biting” him crazily again.
	Archie felt like he was going crazy.
	Fortunately, at this time, the doorbell rang.
	He picked up Natalia from the bathtub, put her on the bed in the bedroom, and wrapped her with a quilt before he walked out to open the door.
	Brian brought a female doctor with him. Archie let her in, while Brian stayed outside.
	It was not that he didn’t know how to deal with the wound, but the woman’s skin was very delicate, and several parts of her hand were deeply scratched by the glass fragments. He had to find a reliable doctor to deal with it to avoid leaving a scar, and after that, she would still need a few tetanus shots to prevent tetanus infection.
	The doctor quickly handled the wound for Natalia.
	However, the drug effect hadn’t been removed yet. The doctor came in a hurry and didn’t bring enough medicine. There was a medicine in her hand that could help Natalia relieve, but the side effects were very serious.
	Archie waved his hand and decided not to use it. After asking Brian to send the doctor back, he returned to the bedroom.
	In the bedroom, the woman sat there quietly. Her black long hair fell over her shoulders like a waterfall, and her skin was white and delicate, like a charming fairy.
	When she saw him, she immediately raised a big smile, jumped out of bed and rushed to him.
	“Honey, you’re finally back! I miss you so much.”
	Archie only felt a little heavy on his body, and the woman hung directly on his waist, putting her hands around his neck and acting like a spoiled child.
	“Honey, I’ve been waiting for you for a long time. I miss you so much.”
	Archie even had no word to say.
	The veins on his forehead throbbed several times, and he looked straight at the woman in front of him with his dark and deep eyes.
	“You miss me so much?”
	“Yes, honey. I’m so tired. Let’s sleep together!”
	Archie held her and walked towards the bed.
	However, as soon as he reached the bedside, the woman on his body suddenly loosened his waist and pulled him down with a force.
	Archie was surprised.
	Natalia turned over and began to pull his shirt with her hands in a mess. Her little face was pressed against his neck. She was not the soft and obedient woman just now anymore.
	Archie finally realized that she had changed a way to seduce him by force!
	Since being rough turned out useless, she now began to use a soft method. At least, she would coax him to the bed first.
	Archie felt helpless. Sensing the woman’s eagerness, he teased, “Well, Mrs. McCarthy, you are so impatient. But isn’t your skill of untying clothes too bad?”
	Natalia was so annoyed that she almost cried.
	She tried hard to unbutton the man’s belt, but it seemed that it had a grudge against her. She couldn’t unbutton it anyway.
	Finally, she decided to bite it with her teeth.
	Facing the wet and hot air from her body, the man gasped and his eyes darkened.
	“Natalia.”
	“I... I can’t untie it... Honey...”
	“What a temptress!”
	As soon as he finished speaking, Natalia suddenly felt dizzy. Then, the positions of them were reversed, and she was fixed under the man.
	The man pinched her chin hard, and his voice was no longer as calm as before.
	“Tell me, who am I?”
	“My honey.”
	“Who is your honey?”
	“My husband, Archie McCarthy.”
	Just like that, they had a crazy night.
	…
	The next day.
	Natalia woke up in shock.
	She opened her eyes and looked around in horror. When she found that it was a strange room, her heart sank.
	Then she saw her clothes and a man’s shirt on the ground.
	Suddenly, something occurred to her. She bent down to pick up the clothes. The shirt looked familiar. It seemed to be Archie’s.
	Archie?
	He was here?
	So she wasn’t...
	Natalia was overjoyed, but she looked around and didn’t find the man.
	She got out of bed and wanted to find him.
	However, as soon as she moved, she only felt pain from some part of her body. She couldn’t help but hiss and frown.
	Archie came in at this time.
	“So you are awake?”
	He looked at the woman sitting on the bed, with a tray in her hand, on which there was breakfast with a warm aroma.
	Natalia stared at him blankly for seconds before she realized what was going on. She blushed and said, “Yes.”
	Archie looked at her with a meaningful look. He put the breakfast on the table next to the bed, walked over and lifted the quilt, preparing to hug her.
	“Have breakfast first.”
	Natalia took a step back and said, “No, thanks. I can get up and eat by myself.”
	Archie smiled.
	“Are you sure it’s convenient for you to walk now?”
	Natalia was speechless.
	She bit her lips and glared at him.
	“Shame on you! It was all because of you...”
	“You wronged me. Who tried every means to sleep with me last night? I did it once, but you still weren’t satisfied and you wanted it again and again. You even scolded me if I moved a little slightly and slowly! Mrs. McCarthy, it seems that I have to keep exercising to keep my strength. Otherwise, I’m afraid that I can’t satisfy you in the future.”
	Natalia’s face turned blushed because of his words. She hemmed and hawed, not knowing what to say.
	After she knocked down the four men last night, her consciousness was completely lost, and what happened later was also unclear and she could not remember clearly.
Chapter 94 A Bodyguard
	She didn't even remember when she was saved by Archie. As for what happened later, she totally forgot.
	After the alcohol the effect of the philter had taken effect, her head was still a little painful!
	Archie had a bad feeling when he saw her pounding her head and frowning.
	"Don't tell me that you even don't remember what happened last night."
	Raising her head to look at him, Natalia said in a daze, "No, I remember that I was set up by Katie Miller at the Pearl International Restaurant. She drugged me and wanted to find four men to rape me, but I beat them all down."
	Archie's eyelids twitched.
	"And then?"
	"Then?"
	Natalia looked at him in confusion.
	"Then... You saved me?"
	"Huh!"
	Archie gave a sinister smile. He didn't even want to help her get up and eat with holding her in his arms. He took his coat and turned around to leave.
	"Hey! Where are you going? You haven't answered me yet!"
	The answer to Natalia was the sound of the door closing.
	Gloomy, Natalia touched her nose and felt that this man had a strange temper.
	He had been delighted before, but just in one second, he turned to be angry.
	It was so strange!
	But she was not in the mood to argue with this man now. She had consumed too much strength last night, and her stomach was growling at this time.
	She got out of bed and sat down on the chair after moving for a long time.
	The breakfast Archie prepared for her was very rich. There were porridge, crab bread, and deep-fried dough sticks, all of which were her favorite.
	Natalia was full. After dinner, she felt much better and didn't feel so sore and uncomfortable. Then she went to the bathroom to wash her face.
	There was a woman's dress on the bedside table, presumably prepared for her.
	After changing her clothes, Natalia walked out of the bedroom. She had thought that Archie had left angrily just now.
	However, as soon as she walked out of the bedroom, she saw him sitting on the sofa in the living room and dealing with business with his laptop.
	Natalia was overjoyed.
	"So you didn't leave!"
	Archie snorted with a long face.
	Natalia ran to him and sat down next to him.
	"I was just kidding. How could I not remember? Thank you for saving me last night. Thank you!"
	The woman pulled his sleeve with a flattering smile.
	Archie glanced at her with a faint smile.
	"Now I know you clearly."
	"Ah? What?"
	"Huh! Every time you need me, you will call me honey husband so flatteringly. When you don't need me, you ask me to respect and keep a distance from you. Well... This is woman!"
	Natalia was speechless.
	Archie closed the laptop and stood up.
	“Brian!”
	"Yes."
	Natalia even didn't know when Brian came here. He had been standing at the door so Natalia hadn't noticed him.
	"Go back to the company."
	"Okay, Mr. McCarthy."
	Archie left with Brian.
	Natalia just watched him leave. She didn't know what she had done wrong to annoy this man. She even didn’t know if she should chase and stop him.
	What was more, she didn't know where she was at all. Her phone seemed to be broken last night, and her wallet was not by her side. How could she go back if he left her alone here?
	Natalia gritted her teeth and felt a little depressed.
	However, before long, the doorbell rang.
	Natalia thought that the man had come back again, so she quickly opened the door with joy.
	However, when she opened the door, she found that it was a woman in a black suit, cold and sharp.
	"Nice to meet you, Mrs. McCarthy. My name is Nancy Mayes, a bodyguard that Mr. McCarthy sent to protect you."
	Natalia was surprised.
	Considering what had happened last night, Archie couldn't rest assured when Natalia was doing business outside alone, so he specially sent one of his confidants, Nancy Mayes, who had been funded by the McCarthy family since her childhood, to protect Natalia.
	Nancy was a student from the military school and had good fighting skills. She had once served as a female soldier, and worked for the McCarthy family after she retired. She had been responsible for the security of Archie all these years.
	Archie could send her to protect Natalia, which showed that Natalia was so important to him.
	On the way back, Natalia asked about the information of Nancy and sent Archie a message to confirm that he had sent someone here.
	Archie replied briefly, "Yes. Wherever you go, you must take Nancy with you."
	Then he didn't reply to her anymore.
	In Natalia's opinion, this man was really good to her.
	He was so good that he made her feel warm and relieved.
	But his temper was so bad.
	She just slept with him once again last night!
	Oh, not once, but... many times?
	She didn't remember that. Anyway... It wasn't a loss for him to do such a thing! Why did he feel that he was wronged and suffered losses?
	How could he even be angry?
	Thinking of what had happened last night, Natalia felt even more depressed.
	She took out her phone and dialed a number.
	"Hello, is the police station here? I want to report something!"
	That afternoon, after Natalia sent Shawn and Jessica to the police station one and a half months ago, she sent Katie there again.
	When Henry learned what Katie had done last night, he was so angry that he broke a priceless antique vase at home and rushed to the police station to get Katie out.
	From Nancy's words, Natalia had already known the fact that Archie had ordered his men to disable the four bodyguards last night. Therefore, she also knew that the matter could not be further investigated.
	She just wanted to teach Katie a lesson and warn her that Natalia was not a pushover.
	So when Henry pleaded with her, she didn't say anything more. She just said that she didn't want to see Katie again in Julio.
	She just said it casually.
	She knew clearly how important Katie was to Henry. Maybe Henry looked angry, but in fact, he was very protective of her daughter. He might not be willing to send her abroad.
	Unexpectedly, Henry agreed.
	With a straight face, he pleaded with Natalia, "Natalia, I know it's the Miller family who has always been sorry for you. I don't have any reasons to defend myself on this matter. But in the past few years, I have been good to you, haven’t I? Even for the sake of the friendship between your mother and me, please let Katie go and forgive the Miller family, okay?"
	Natalia was stunned.
	Confused, she looked at Henry and said, "Mr. Miller, are you kidding me? Why do you ask me to forgive the Miller family? I didn't do anything to you!"
	"Well..."
	Henry was in a dilemma.
	He only knew that he had been informed this morning that all business cooperation between the Miller family and the McCarthy family had been suspended.
	Not only that, but his other partners also called one after another to terminate their cooperation with the Miller family.
	There were several projects that were negotiating before, and they were almost close to signing the contract.
Chapter 95 Punishment
	Unexpectedly, all those partners suddenly stopped the negotiation with the Miller and chose to cooperate with other suppliers.
	If it happened just once, Henry would not doubt it.
	But it happened over and over again. Henry definitely knew that something must have happened or he had offended someone he shouldn't have offended.
	Sure enough, only God knew how angry he was when he knew that Katie drugged Natalia, which had provoked Archie.
	But no matter how angry he was, Katie was his daughter, and he had to protect her.
	He had thought that Natalia had asked Archie to do all these things, but to his surprise, judged from her reaction just now, she seemed to know nothing at all!
	Archie had done so much for her, but she even didn't know anything, which indicated how important she was to Archie...
	Henry didn't dare to think about it anymore. He felt a little regretful.
	If only he hadn't let Natalia go back then.
	Maybe she couldn’t bring any benefits to the Miller family, but at least she would help the Miller avoid offending such a big enemy as Archie.
	At the thought of this, Henry felt bitter. He persuaded humbly, "In that case, you probably don't know it, but it doesn't matter. You just need to go back and tell Mr. McCarthy that the Miller family has no intention of putting you in a difficult position. Please ask him to let us go. I will discipline my children from now on and won't let them provoke you again. You just need to say that."
	Natalia was stunned for a moment, and then she understood.
	With a smile, she said, "Okay. But you have to keep your word. Otherwise, I can't guarantee that I can help you again if something happens next time."
	Henry hurriedly promised, "Yes, I understand."
	Natalia nodded and said, "Okay, then I'll let it go. I gotta go now. You can go get her yourself!"
	Henry smiled and said, "Okay, thank you, Natalia."
	Without saying anything, Natalia turned around and left.
	When she left, she happened to see Katie being taken out.
	As soon as she saw Natalia, she immediately rushed towards Natalia crazily.
	“Natalia! You bitch! Stop there! How dare you send me to jail? I must kill you. I won't let you go. I won't let you go!"
	With a sarcastic smile on her lips, Natalia took a look at her as if she were looking at a piece of trash. Without any hesitation, she strode away.
	Katie was still cursing, but she couldn't get rid of the two policemen.
	She roared, "Why are you catching me? You should catch that woman! She disabled four of my bodyguards. I haven't gotten even with her yet! Are you all dead? She has committed such a serious crime. Why don’t you guys arrest her but come to make trouble for me? Shouldn’t you follow the law?”
	The two policemen were expressionless.
	Hearing that, Henry felt a headache and couldn't help shouting angrily, "Shut up!"
	Katie screamed, "No! Dad, you also listen to her! Have you and my brother been captivated by her? Why did you let her go after she did so much to me?”
	Henry couldn't stand it anymore and slapped her across her face.
	Katie turned her head and looked at him in disbelief.
	"Dad! You... You slap me?"
	Henry gritted his teeth and said, "I think I should have slapped you a long time ago! I thought a girl should be doted on. Now I think it's just because I spoiled you too much that you become so domineering!"
	Looking at Henry's livid face, Katie realized that her father was really angry this time.
	She immediately softened her attitude and cried, "Dad, I'm sorry. Don't be angry, okay? I'm just angry that she always bullied Jessica and tried to seduce my brother. I... I just want to teach her a lesson."
	Henry didn't want to find out the reason anymore.
	He rubbed his aching forehead and said wearily, "You can go abroad with your cousin next week! Stay there for a couple of years and learn something. Don’t come back soon."
	Katie's eyes widened.
	"What? Dad, you’re going to send me abroad? I won't go!"
	Henry said in a cold voice, "You have to go this time, no negotiation!"
	"Dad! Are you going to abandon your own daughter just for that woman? I won't go! I won't go even if I die!"
	Henry didn't want to talk to her anymore. He called two bodyguards in and sent her home by force.
	Then he turned around and went out.
	After getting in the car, the driver asked respectfully, "Mr. Miller, where are we going now?"
	Henry rubbed between his eyebrows and said wearily, "Go back to the company. I need to have a look there."
	"Yes, sir."
	After the driver started the car, Henry looked out of the window at the view of the back. Thinking of what Katie had just said, he sneered.
	For Natalia?
	Huh! How could he abandon his own daughter just for Natalia?
	It was for that man!
	That man... He was so powerful that a local merchant family like the Miller couldn't afford to offend him.
	But why did such a person stay in Julio for such a long time? It had been half a year!
	What the hell was he doing here?
	Henry was lost in his thought.
	…
	On the other side, Natalia returned to the McCarthy Mansion, took a shower and changed her clothes.
	After that, it was already six o'clock in the afternoon.
	Mrs. Dottie had prepared the dinner and asked her to have it. Natalia looked at the watch and asked doubtfully, "Won't Archie come back for dinner today?"
	Mrs. Dottie smiled and said, "He has to work overtime today. He called me just now and said that he wouldn't come back for dinner today."
	Natalia nodded and rolled her eyes.
	Work overtime?
	She didn't know whether it was true or not.
	Since she had nothing else to do today, she might as well go and have a look.
	Thinking of this, she said to Mrs. Dottie, "I have an idea. Please help me put the food in a hamper. I'll bring it to him. Oh, also put my one in it."
	Mrs. Dottie was pleasantly surprised to hear that.
	"Okay, I'll do it right away," she said hurriedly.
	It was a good thing that Mrs. and Mr. McCarthy had a good relationship. Since she was cheered up, she became more efficient.
	Natalia went back upstairs and took her bag. She planned to go shopping when she came back later, to buy a new phone and a new phone card.
	When she went downstairs, Mrs. Dottie had already packed the food.
	Natalia walked out of the door with the hamper in her hand. Mrs. Kylee sent her out to the door and said with a smile, "Mrs. McCarthy, let the driver send you there!"
	Natalia shook her head. "No, thanks. I can drive myself."
	"Okay, take care."
	Natalia put the hamper on the passenger seat, started the car and drove out.
	In the McCarthy Properties.
	Archie was having a meeting. The atmosphere in the meeting room was a little heavy.
	Almost all the senior executives of the company were present. Facing the man sitting on the main seat, no one dared to relax. They all braced themselves up to listen to him.
	Although the meeting had lasted for the whole afternoon, no one dared to complain.
	The project manager was reporting his work in front of the projector.
	After reporting, he saw that Archie's face was getting darker and darker, which made him nervous.
Chapter 96 His Fiancee
	"Is this your plan for this year?"
	The man's voice was low and cold, with the authority of a superior.
	The project manager lowered his head, with cold sweat on his forehead.
	"Mr. McCarthy, the plan for this year is to maintain the situation. Now the market economy is generally down, so we don't think it's a good idea to expand too fast, so..."
	"The market is down... so to maintain the situation?"
	Archie sneered and suddenly threw the plan out of his hand.
	The paper rubbed against the project manager's face. The manager closed his eyes in pain.
	The meeting room suddenly became quiet, and everyone held their breath.
	Archie snapped, "So you fool me with such a thing that even a new graduate can make? Maintain the situation? Julio branch has been taking this plan for three years, but it keeps declining every year. I have given you many chances! Now I'm sitting here. How dare you still say that to me? Do you think the McCarthy Properties needs you much or do you think I'm too stupid to understand the current market situation?"
	The project manager's face turned pale with fright. He hurriedly explained, "Mr. McCarthy, I..."
	"Enough! I don't think you are capable enough of taking this position. From tomorrow on, you don't have to come here again."
	The project manager's eyes widened.
	“Mr. McCarthy! Sorry... I... You can't fire me. Mr. McCarthy..."
	However, Archie didn't want to talk to him anymore. He asked the guard to drag him out and then said coldly, "Go on!"
	The next manager went up to report the work gingerly.
	The atmosphere in the meeting room was extremely depressing. Fortunately, the manager was capable and reported well to Archie.
	But the next one was not so lucky.
	Because of the calculation mistake of data, the manager was so scared that he almost knelt down when Archie pointed it out immediately.
	"Mr. McCarthy, I'm sorry. I'll take it back and make it up."
	Archie sneered. Everyone thought that this man's career in the McCarthy Properties had come to an end.
	Unexpectedly, at this time, there was a buzz of the phone ring.
	Everyone was stunned.
	Who dared to take his phone in when Mr. McCarthy held the meeting?
	Everyone looked at each other. Then they saw the boss sitting on the main seat frown and suddenly take out his mobile phone from his pocket.
	Everyone was speechless.
	They lowered their heads in silence, pretending not to see it.
	Archie didn't like to be disturbed at work, so he was very dissatisfied with someone calling him at this time.
	However, when he saw the caller ID on the phone, his expression immediately changed.
	It only took one second from the dark clouds to the bright sunshine.
	He immediately stood up and walked outside to answer the phone.
	Everyone looked at each other. As soon as he went out, they began to discuss in a low voice.
	"Who is it? According to Mr. McCarthy’s expression, it seems to be good news."
	"Whoever dares to call Mr. McCarthy at this time and make him so surprised must be an important person."
	"Maybe it’s a big deal of tens of billions."
	"I don't think so. Tens of billions are nothing to Mr. McCarthy. He wouldn't be so surprised."
	Brian, who had been standing behind Archie all the time, saw the caller ID on his phone.
	Hearing the whispers of the senior executives, he couldn't help but twitch his lips.
	“Miss Dawson, in everyone's eyes, you are more important than a big deal of tens of billions!”
	He thought like this.
	Sure enough, the power of love was great.
	Archie walked outside and answered the phone. His voice suddenly changed from low and cold to warm and gentle.
	"Archie, are you still in the company?"
	"Yes. What's wrong?"
	"You haven't eaten yet, have you?"
	Holding the phone in his hand, Archie looked out of the window and said, "No."
	"Mrs. Dottie has cooked a lot of delicious foods. I've brought them all to you. If it's convenient, please ask Brian to pick me up! I'm afraid that the receptionist of your company doesn't know me and won't let me in."
	She didn't forget that she was stopped by the receptionist at the Miller’s group last time.
	The McCarthy family was an international company. The rules in such a big company would only be more than that in the Miller group. No one knew her identity, so she wasn't sure whether she could go up by herself if Brian didn't pick her up.
	Archie's eyes darkened.
	"You are here?"
	"Yes!"
	"Okay, I'll ask him to come down right away."
	Archie hung up the phone and went back to the meeting room.
	Everyone immediately ended the gossip and sat upright to continue the serious meeting.
	However, the boss just picked up his coat on the seat and then ordered in a deep voice, "The meeting is over."
	What?
	They even didn't know what was going on.
	The manager who had just reported the wrong data was also a little stunned. He stammered, "Mr. McCarthy, then, then I..."
	Archie stared at him.
	"Send it back and redo it. Submit it to me tomorrow morning."
	The manager was stunned and then nodded immediately with relief.
	"Yes, Mr. McCarthy. I will make it before tomorrow morning."
	Archie left with Brian.
	After returning to Archie's office, Archie said to Brian in a deep voice, "You go downstairs and pick up Natalia here."
	Brian pursed his lips, trying to hold back his laughter.
	He knew it must be Miss Dawson there.
	Otherwise, Mr. McCarthy wouldn't have been so easy-going.
	Brian nodded obediently. When he was about to turn around and walk out, Archie stopped him.
	"Wait!"
	Brian turned around. Archie frowned slightly. After a pause of two seconds, he ordered, "Tell the receptionist that if Natalia comes here again in the future, just bring her to my office."
	Brian was shocked.
	Was Mr. McCarthy going to make it public?
	He didn't dare to ask more, so he answered yes and left respectfully.
	In the hall on the first floor.
	When Natalia arrived, Brian was already waiting for her in the hall.
	As soon as he saw her, he immediately greeted her with a smile.
	"Mrs. McCarthy, you are here."
	Natalia handed the dinner hamper to him and asked with a smile, "Did I interrupt your work since I come at such a time?"
	Brian's lips twitched.
	He really wanted to tell Natalia that Mr. McCarthy stopped the meeting just because of her.
	But he didn't dare to say it out, so he smiled and said, "No. did you bring food for Mr. McCarthy? Just Mr. McCarthy is also hungry. Just now, he said he was going to have dinner somewhere."
	The two of them chatted and laughed and then entered the elevator.
	The receptionists gathered as soon as they entered.
	"Hey, have you seen the woman who just went in?"
	"Yes. So she is just the woman who Mr. Simpson is talking about just now! She is pretty. Maybe a noble young lady from a powerful family.”
	"What's the relationship between her and Mr. McCarthy? Mr. McCarthy doesn’t allow any women to come to his office. How could he make an exception for her?"
	"Yeah. Mr. Simpson specially told us that we should directly take her to Mr. McCarthy’s office whenever she comes. It seems that they have a special relationship!"
	"Is she Mr. McCarthy's girlfriend?"
	"No way! Mr. McCarthy's girlfriend is from the Kawn family..."
	"What are you talking about during working hours?"
Chapter 97 Bring Dinner For Him
	A cold voice came, and the lobby manager came over.
	When the receptionists saw their manager, they immediately returned to their original positions, like some mouse seeing the cat.
	"Manager, we didn't talk about anything."
	"Yes, we didn't say anything."
	The lobby manager scolded them just because he saw them gather together. He always turned a blind eye to their slacking offs.
	So he also didn’t want to take it seriously this time. He said in a low voice, "Now Mr. McCarthy is in charge of the company. You should be more careful at work than before! If your slacking offs are caught by him, even I can't protect you guys."
	Hearing his warning, everyone knew that he was telling the truth and quickly nodded.
	"Manager, we will never dare to do that again."
	The lobby manager was satisfied. "Okay." Then He left.
	…
	The elevator directly got to the forty-eighth floor.
	"Ding!" After the elevator arrived, Brian took Natalia out and went straight to Archie's office.
	It was not the first time that Natalia had come to Archie's office, but it was different from the last time. Last time, it was at lunchtime, and all the people in the secretary's office had left, so no one knew she had been here.
	But today, Archie had stayed to work overtime, so the people in the secretary's office didn't dare to leave first.
	So she had to bite the bullet and walked out under so many inquiring eyes.
	She felt a little regretful.
	She just wanted to please that man to make up for what she had done last night, but she forgot that everyone was still working at this time.
	If she came here in this way, she would definitely be seen by others. By that time, her relationship with Archie might no longer be concealed.
	At the thought of this, Natalia couldn't help but want to retreat.
	"Well... Mr. Simpson, could you please help me send the dinner to him? I won't go in."
	Brian looked at her and said.
	"Mrs. McCarthy, Mr. McCarthy has known that you are here. If you don't go to find him, Mr. McCarthy will be very disappointed."
	Natalia smiled awkwardly.
	"But... There are so many people in your office..."
	Brian smiled and said, "Don't worry. I'm in charge of the secretary department now. I've carefully selected the people in it. All of them are reliable and non-gossipy, so no one will tell others about your coming."
	Hearing this, Natalia breathed a sigh of relief and felt a little relieved.
	In the office.
	Archie was busy with his work.
	After Brian knocked on the door, Archie said in a low voice, "Come in."
	Brian pushed the door open. He didn’t enter, but turned to Natalia and said with a smile, "Mrs. McCarthy, please go in."
	Natalia nodded, took the dinner hamper from his hand and walked in.
	Archie looked up at her.
	She was wearing a pinkish dress, which was long enough to reach her ankles, a thin coat of the same color, and a pair of pinkish flats.
	She looked more gentle and ladylike than usual.
	He smiled and said gently, "Sit down for a while. I'll finish this soon."
	Natalia nodded. She could find that he was really busy.
	She sat obediently on the sofa by the door, casually picked up a magazine and read it.
	In Archie's office, there were usually financial or military magazines or newspapers. It could be judged that he was only interested in these aspects, but it was rare for him to have an entertainment magazine under the tea table.
	The cover of the magazine was Selena Kawn, the famous first-ranked actress who had won many greatest awards in one go in recent years, and was praised as the most beautiful movie queen.
	In fact, Natalia liked this Selena very much.
	After all, Selena was beautiful and had good acting skills. She was not on the same level as those popular actresses whose acting skills were a mess.
	Besides, it was said that she came from a well-known family. She was the kind of person who could easily shake the Eqitin city.
	She had everything she needed, and being an actress was just her dream.
	Because of this, she had never been involved in any scandal. Those dirty things in the entertainment circle had nothing to do with her.
	Anyone would like such a great star.
	While Natalia was reading the magazine with great interest, Archie had put down his pen and stood up.
	"What are you looking at?"
	He walked towards her.
	Natalia raised her head and smiled, waving the magazine in her hand.
	"Entertainment magazine."
	Archie glanced at the cover of the magazine and frowned imperceptibly.
	Natalia clicked her tongue and sighed, "I didn't find anything about entertainment in your office before. I thought you were not interested in it. It seems that it's not necessarily true! Do you also like Selena Kawn?"
	With a straight face, Archie washed his hands in the restroom and said in a low voice, "I don't like her."
	"Then why do you have a magazine about her?"
	"Maybe someone that is blind casually put it here after reading it."
	It seemed that Archie didn't want to talk about it too much. After coming out, he sat opposite her and smelled the fragrance from the heat-preservation hamper.
	"What did you bring to me?"
	His new topic immediately distracted Natalia's attention. She put down the magazine and opened the hamper.
	"It's all your favorite food. Mrs. Dottie is so thoughtful. Maybe she found you have been very busy these days, so she cooked a lot of delicious food."
	She opened the boxes in the hamper. The dishes inside were really beautiful and delicious. Just smelling them made Archie feel hungrier.
	Archie put the bowls and chopsticks and the table for her. He unbuttoned his sleeves when he washed his hands just now.
	At this time, his sleeves were half rolled up, revealing half of his strong arms. Holding the bowl and chopsticks, he looked particularly sexy and attractive.
	Natalia filled a bowl of soup for him and said, "Have some warm soup first, to activate your stomach, before you start eating."
	Archie nodded. Seeing that she was also drinking a small bowl of soup, his eyes darkened.
	"Why do you bring me dinner today? Mrs. McCarthy suddenly decided to be considerate?"
	Natalia almost choked on the soup as she heard this.
	She raised her eyes and glared at him. "Don’t you like this kind of style? I'll change it tomorrow."
	Archie smiled.
	"No need to change it. I like it very much."
	Natalia snorted.
	Archie suddenly added, "But l prefer the foods cooked by you."
	Perhaps it was because she was too excited that Natalia suddenly choked.
	She coughed and looked at him in surprise.
	"Do you want to eat the food I cook?"
	Archie said in a low voice, "Isn't it normal for a wife to cook for her husband?"
	Natalia smiled weirdly.
	"Ha ha... I can cook it, but I'm afraid you don't dare to eat it."
	Archie paused.
	He looked at her affectionately.
	"I dare to eat anything you cook."
	Not long after that, Mr. McCarthy would know what his boast would bring to him.
	Natalia smiled awkwardly and stopped this topic.
	After dinner, she saw that Archie seemed to be busy again, so she cleared the table and said, "You can go ahead with your work. I'll go back by myself."
	"Wait."
	Archie stopped her and suddenly took out a box from the drawer and handed it to her.
	Stunned, Natalia took it over.
	She opened it and found a new phone in it.
	Her eyes turned bright and she asked in surprise, "For me?"
	Archie said, "The one you used before can't be repaired anymore, but the phone card has been repaired for you, and the data in the previous phone has also been copied into the new one. Check if there is anything wrong."
	Natalia turned on her phone in a hurry. After checking it, she found that not only the data but also all the photos had been copied.
	She couldn't help but feel delighted.
	"Thank you."
	Archie smiled.
	"If you really want to thank me, stay with me here and wait for me to go back, okay?"
	He got close to her, wrapped his arms around her waist naturally and took her into his arms.
	Natalia couldn't help blushing. She thought that she had nothing to do at night even if she went back alone, so she didn't refuse.\
Chapter 98 He Is Not A Good Match
	In the following couple of minutes, Archie continued to work, while Natalia sat on the sofa and began to study the new phone she had just gotten.
	She first sent a message to Victoria, and then went to browse the micro-blog.
	As a well-known PR staff, it was necessary to know what was going on in the entertainment circle at any time.
	In addition to some of her private paparazzi, most of the time, she had to know the latest news of other artists through the Internet.
	On the top search list of micro-blog, there was a promotion notice of The Youth.
	Natalia clicked in and had a look. The play had been very popular on the Internet in the past two years, so when it was published that it was about to shoot, the netizens were all very excited.
	Today's release was just a simple poster notice, on which the names of the movie and the main characters were written.
	It was estimated that the poster with the determined makeup would be released in a couple of days.
	In the play, Jessica, the heroine, and Moze Hahn, the hero, were the most well-known.
	Therefore, they were the most popular in the comment area.
	After them was Wendy Shell, the supporting actress.
	In contrast, Laura Davies, who was also the supporting actress, was much more neglected. Her name didn't even appear in the comment area.
	But it was not surprising. After all, although Laura was not a newcomer, she was not famous at all.
	Natalia reposted the promotion notice with her official account, and mentioned Laura, with the following words: The path is long, and the starting point is just there.
	After closed down the micro-blog, Victoria sent a message back.
	Her new play was going to be finished in a few days. At such a critical time, she had to shoot many scenes to make up for the flaws, so she was very busy.
	She knew from others about the matter of Natalia before.
	Julio was not a big city. The Miller family was suddenly targeted, which was such a piece of big news. As a local powerful family, definitely the Kaur family knew must about it.
	Fortunately, nothing serious had happened to Natalia in the end, which made Victoria relieved. However, Natalia's phone was broken and Victoria couldn't get in touch with her. At this time, she suddenly received a message from Natalia, so she immediately replied and asked about the details.
	Natalia smiled and told Victoria that she was safe now.
	Victoria was still angry and cursed Katie in the text.
	If the Miller family hadn't sent Katie abroad, maybe Victoria would have found someone to teach Katie a lesson.
	The two of them chatted for a while. Victoria had something else to do, so she didn't reply anymore.
	Perhaps it was because Natalia was here, Archie didn’t work for a long time. About half an hour later, he finished his work.
	On the way home, Natalia suddenly received a call.
	It was from Mrs. Wright.
	She was a little surprised.
	Last time at Jessica's birthday party, Mrs. Wright fell out with her in public because of the matter between her and Shawn. Since then, Natalia had never contacted her again.
	She didn't know if Mrs. Wright had known the truth later, but anyway, something had happened, and she couldn't pretend that it hadn't happened.
	In the past, because of her mother, Natalia still had some affections for Mrs. Wright.
	After that incident, the sight affections gradually dissipated.
	After all, she was a cold-blooded person. She didn't care much about others except for a few people who really cared and trusted her. As for Mrs. Wright...
	She didn't need it.
	Natalia answered the phone.
	The old and kind voice of the old lady came from the other side.
	"Natalia, are you busy now?"
	Natalia pulled her lips and said, "No. what can I do for you?"
	The undisguised alienation in her tone made the other side silent for a few seconds.
	Mrs. Wright sighed then.
	"I shouldn't have blamed you last time. I wronged you. Are you still mad at me?"
	"No."
	No matter what, Mrs. Wright had helped her mother a lot and also had taken care of her when she was a child.
	It was impossible for Natalia to blame Mrs. Wright. However, she had once regarded Mrs. Wright as someone she could trust, but she then found that the so-called trust was just so, which probably made her a little disappointed.
	Mrs. Wright said, "I've been too ashamed to call you these days. I just felt that I shouldn't have wronged you in front of so many people that night.”
	“The night before yesterday, your uncle told me about your competition with Jessica. I knew that you were wronged five years ago. My child, you have suffered for so many years."
	Natalia was silent for a moment.
	A faint sense of bitterness spread in her heart.
	She forced a smile and said lightly, "Thank you for your concern. It's all history. I won’t remember it."
	"It's good that you won’t remember it. You are a good kid. You will have a better life in the future."
	"Thank you."
	Natalia didn't say anything more, and the old lady was also silent.
	A stiff atmosphere was lingering between the two.
	She didn't mean to do that, but Natalia really didn't know what to say.
	She didn't really blame Mrs. Wright, but she couldn't trust Mrs. Wright and say anything to her as before.
	It was quite a while later, and Mrs. Wright finally spoke.
	"I heard that you are with Archie McCarthy now?"
	Natalia's heart skipped a beat.
	She glanced at the man who was driving next to her and inexplicably felt a little guilty.
	But now that Mrs. Wright had known it, there was no need for her to hide it.
	"Yes."
	The old lady sighed.
	"He is not a good match for you."
	Natalia frowned.
	Subconsciously, she was somewhat disgusted with this judgment.
	But she didn't say anything. There was always something that she shouldn't have to explain to others. She knew it well, and that was enough.
	"Anything else do you want to say?"
	Seeing that she was unwilling to talk about this topic, Mrs. Wright sighed and said nothing more.
	The two of them chatted for a while and then hung up.
	Archie asked, "Is it from Mrs. Wright?"
	Natalia was stunned and looked at him in surprise.
	"How do you know that?"
	Archie smiled without saying anything.
	Natalia looked at her phone suspiciously. "You didn't install a bug for me, did you?"
	Archie was speechless.
	"Mrs. McCarthy, although you two didn't speak on the phone in a loud voice, the space in the car is limited. I'm still young and have a good hearing. So it shouldn't be strange for me to hear the voice on your phone, right?"
	Natalia, "Fine."
	After a pause, she said, "Mrs. Wright said that you are not a good match for me."
	Archie was speechless again.
	His eyes twitched and his face darkened.
	Squinting her eyes, Natalia said half-seriously and half-jokingly, "Maybe she thinks that I’m too inferior to you, or that you still have some secrets that I haven’t known and they all know, so she beat around the bush to remind me."
	The man subconsciously tightened his grip on the steering wheel.
	With a straight face, he said coldly, "Nonsense! Don't contact such a kind of person anymore! If they dare to talk nonsense to you again, I will force them to stay in another city."
	Seeing that he was serious, Natalia couldn't help but burst into laughter.
	"I'm just kidding. Why are you so serious?"
Chapter 99 The Scandal Broke Out
	Natalia turned to look out of the window. It was already December. The new year was coming after half a month. The shops on the street had been decorated with festive stickers.
	The streets were bustling with people, showing the vitality of the city on the cold winter night.
	She said in a low voice, "Over the years, I have often warned myself not to have the will to get something, because once I have the will, I will be very depressed when I lose it.”
	“So I know what she meant. I will keep my heart and prevent the worst situation from happening. But If it really happens one day... I believe I will also go on well."
	Suddenly, her hand was held by a warm hand.
	She was stunned and turned to look at Archie, only to find that he was also looking back. His deep eyes were deep and firm.
	"You won't be depressed and there will be no the worst situation. I promise."
	Natalia's heart seemed to be pinched by something.
	It was a slight pain, but meanwhile she was surprised and touched.
	She made a big smile.
	"Okay."
	the next day.
	Jessica was discharged from the hospital.
	According to the agreement between Jessica and Natalia, Shew Wright had posted the truth about the matter five years ago on the school's website.
	After the message was released, there was a strong response.
	On the night of the anniversary of the school, most students were present. Although not all of them had seen the whole process of the incident with their own eyes, some of them who saw the incident spread one to another, and the matter had long been known to all.
	Therefore, when this matter was announced by the official voice, the forum was full of discussions. Soon, the netizens found out the case five years ago.
	When they learned that it was Jessica who had plotted all this, and it took Natalia five years to find out the truth, the netizens all cursed Jessica.
	The news spread fast.
	Not long after, the news spread from the campus forum to other websites.
	The entertainment media and the famous bloggers would not let such explosive news go from their hands.
	Soon, there was a wave of gossip on micro-blog. The top searches were all about the case five years ago. There were all topics about Jessica, like #Jessica’s performance in the exam five years ago, #Jessica, the scheming woman, #The plan Jessica directed and acted herself, and so on.
	The speed of spreading was astonishing.
	Both the fans and the public relations team had no time to react to such a swift and fierce scandal, let alone to have any plans to deal with it.
	When they finished making the announcement, the tide of discussion had already reached its peak, and the top searches also could not be removed.
	As onlookers, the netizens were naturally interested in such discussions.
	Jessica's fans also had a lot of internal strife because of this matter.
	After all, it was an official statement of the school, which was very credible. Those who liked Jessica because of her gentle and kind image felt that they had been deceived.
	It turned out that the fairy they had been protecting, chasing and loving was actually such a person!
	She was narrow-minded and vicious. Because of jealousy, she even used harmful tricks to frame her half-sister, who had the same father but a different mother, and made her innocent sister suffer for five years!
	The huge reversal and the ugly reality were, like an invisible big palm, slapping the fans' faces!
	A large number of fans were very disappointed with Jessica.
	A lot of Jessica’s fans refused to follow her again, and all kinds of Jessica’s scandals that had been suppressed before came out like mushrooms after rain.
	Putting on airs, pretending to be innocent and fragile, hyping up an image of being dedicated, bullying the actresses in the same group...
	Of course, there were also some fans who insisted on following Jessica.
	Even if they had seen the official statement of the school with their own eyes, they still insisted that their fairy, Jessica Dawson, had been framed.
	Jessica was so delicate and innocent. She had gained her reputation at such a young age. There must be a lot of people jealous of her!
	Therefore, it must be a trick played by those vicious people who were jealous much of her!
	They didn't believe it! They trusted Jessica!
	They had to hold on until the last minute. Unless Jessica admitted it herself, they wouldn’t believe it!
	There was a storm of arguments on the Internet, and almost all social websites were affected.
	There was news about Jessica everywhere.
	Originally, the passers-by didn't know much about this matter and had no interest in it. However, they found that wherever they went, there would be Jessica's stubborn fans curing everyone.
	As long as someone talked about this topic, Jessica’s stubborn fans would curse and argue, which really annoyed the passers-by and made them had a bad impression on Jessica.
	What kind of people were Jessica’s fans? They were all impolite and domineering, which could also reflect Jessica’s personality.
	Did they grow up by eating sh*t? Where were their mouths so stinky?
	The idol would pay for what his or her fans did. No matter who keep cursing, they were all Jessica’s fans.
	As a result, almost all the passers-by felt disgusted with Jessica.
	At the same time, in Dawson’s villa.
	Looking at the overwhelming news on the Internet, Jessica was so furious that she smashed her computer.
	In the past few days, she had been in a bad mental state because of the heavy blow.
	The miscarriage and scandal almost broke her down!
	Her agent, Julia, called her this morning. Julia said that several offers that she had been negotiating were denied.
	The scandal was still spreading, and the brands who invited Jessica to endorse the products were also a little anxious now.
	If she couldn’t solve this matter soon, they would probably end the contract with her and she would even face a huge amount of compensation.
	Jessica felt like her brain was going to explode!
	"Mom, it's all because of that b*tch! She made me so miserable! I want to kill her! I want her to die!"
	Jessica sat on the bed, clenched her fists and roared, her eyes turning red.
	Aleena also felt depressed.
	"Jessica, I know you hate her much, but your health is the most important thing now. Come on, eat the food. We can discuss this later, okay?"
	"No, I won’t eat!"
	Jessica swept the food served by Aleena to the ground, grabbed Aleena’s hand and asked anxiously, "Mom, has Shawn come here today?"
	"He..."
	Aleena didn't say anything, with a trace of embarrassment on her face.
	Jessica's heart sank.
	Her face turned pale in an instant. "He didn't come?"
	Aleena nodded awkwardly.
	"He... He doesn't want to come?"
	"Jessica, don't think too much. He might be very busy these days..."
	"Ha ha... Busy? What is he busy with? His fiancee is being bullied like this. My child was lost and my reputation was ruined! How could you tell me that he might be very busy?"
	Jessica laughed sarcastically. The great panic and anger made her laugh crazily like a beast in a desperate situation.
	In the end, she laughed so hard that her whole body trembled and tears streamed down her face.
	Aleena felt her heart was being wrenched as she looked at Jessica’s miserable face.
	She hugged her daughter tightly, tears welling up in her eyes. "Jessica, don't do that."
	"Mom, tell me. Does he want to abandon me? Or does he fall in love with someone else?"
	"No, he won't. You have been engaged. He can't go back on his word. Jessica, listen to me. Don't think too much, okay?"
	With Aleena's comfort, Jessica finally calmed down after a long time.
	Her pale face was covered with tears, but her eyes were filled with endless hatred.
	"Mom, it was not easy for us to get everything we have now. We can't just let it be destroyed like this. It's all Natalia's fault! I will never let her go! Never!"
	Aleena seemed to think of something and nodded.
	"Don't worry! We still have one last trump card to play. Someone in Eqitin has contacted us. It won't be long before we can send that b*tch to hell!"
	"That’s good."
Chapter 100 Deny The Invitation
	On the other side.
	When Natalia was working, she suddenly received a call from Archie.
	He asked her if she was free at noon and asked her to find him. Someone wanted to see her.
	Natalia was a little surprised. Actually, she didn't have anything else to do at noon, so she agreed.
	At noon, Natalia went to the McCarthy Properties. As soon as she entered the office, she found that besides Archie, Nathan was also there.
	She was a little surprised and asked with a smile, "Mr. McCarthy, why are you here?"
	Nathan looked at her with a smile. The more he looked at her, the more satisfied he was.
	How could she be so beautiful?
	Her eyes and nose were exactly the same as Alanna Nelson’s in his imagination.
	Taking a look at Nathan, Archie said in a low voice, "He is here for you."
	"For me?"
	"Yes." Archie said to Nathan, "Tell her yourself!"
	Nathan was cheered up.
	Natalia was confused. "Mr. McCarthy, what can I do for you?"
	"Nothing. I just want to ask if you are interested in acting."
	Natalia smiled.
	"Yes! Do you have any new play?"
	Nathan's eyes turned bright as he heard Natalia’s answer.
	"No, I'm busy with The Youth. Laura Davies you introduced before is excellent. She is much better than other actresses of the same age both in terms of skills and attitude. So I have to thank you for your recommendation!"
	Natalia had a vague feeling that Nathan came here today not just to thank her.
	But she didn't say anything. She just smiled.
	"In that case, how about I introduce some more skilled actors to you?"
	Nathan waved his hand.
	"No, I don't need any other actors. I just need one for an important role. No one else can play this role."
	"Oh? Which role?"
	“Alanna Nelson.”
	Natalia was stunned.
	"Didn't you choose Jessica to play Alanna?"
	At the mention of this, Nathan couldn't help frowning.
	"Don't mention it. I just couldn't find a more suitable actress, and she also took the investment to join the group, so I agreed to let her try this role. I didn't expect such a big scandal to happen now, which makes her so infamous. If I continue to use her, I'm afraid it will have an impact on the play, so after I carefully considered, I decide to find another actress."
	Natalia smiled.
	"Then who do you want to choose?"
	"You!"
	"Me?"
	Natalia pointed at herself in surprise. When she met Nathan's serious eyes, she realized that he was not joking.
	She turned to look at Archie, but he said in a deep voice, "I've refused for you, but he didn't give up and insisted on asking you face to face."
	Natalia was moved and even amused.
	"Mr. McCarthy, I'm not an actress and I've never acted in a play."
	Nathan didn't care about it at all. "So what? You are talented, and with my training, I believe you can make a great performance in this play."
	As he spoke, he patted his chest, as if he was really well prepared.
	Natalia shook her head again.
	"I'm sorry, Mr. McCarthy. I can't agree to your request."
	Hearing this, Nathan turned to be disappointed.
	He stared at Natalia nervously and asked, "Why?"
	"Because I don’t have the plan to be an actress, and I don't like being watched."
	It sounded great to be a star.
	However, Natalia, who had been in this circle for a few years, knew clearly that it was not easy for those stars to enjoy the glory on the surface.
	No matter how popular the star was, she or he was just a money tree in the hands of the capitalists. Under the gaze of the public, the star was just a puppet that everyone liked but was always being controlled.
	She didn't like this feeling.
	Therefore, she would try her best to respect the thoughts and choices of all actors and actresses in her company.
	But she didn't want herself to be trapped in it.
	Seeing her firm attitude, Nathan felt a little disappointed.
	With an idea that she suddenly come up with, Natalia smiled and said, "Mr. McCarthy, how about I introduce a suitable actress to you?"
	"Who is it?" Nathan asked in depression.
	"It’s Victoria Kaur. Have you met her before?"
	“Victoria Kaur?”
	Nathan frowned.
	He knew this actress. After all, she was beautiful and famous, but he heard that she had a bad temper and a deep background, and was difficult to get along with.
	To be honest, as a famous director who was so reputable, he was no longer willing to accommodate himself to any actor, so he had never thought of inviting that bad-tempered noble lady.
	Natalia nodded and said, "Victoria is really easygoing. The rumors about her are all fake. If you agree with that, I'll ask her about this! I think you'd better offer such an important role to her rather than me, a layman. She is more suitable to play Alanna Nelson than me."
	Nathan glanced at her with a sad look.
	"Alright! Help me to ask her about this first. If she is willing, I will contact her."
	"Okay, deal."
	After sending Nathan out, Natalia also didn't want to stay here any longer. There were still a lot of cases waiting to be dealt with in the PR department, so she said goodbye to Archie and was about to leave.
	But the man stopped her.
	"There's a gathering tonight. Go with me, okay?"
	Natalia was stunned. "But I have work to do tonight..."
	Archie frowned.
	He stared at her with his deep eyes and said bitterly, "I find that it seemed to be a wrong decision to ask you to work in the Annie International."
	Natalia was a little confused. "What do you mean?"
	"You are so busy that you even have no time to accompany me."
	Natalia was speechless.
	"Natalia, I think you should stop managing those mess there, and just take care of your Star Entertainment. It will be easier..."
	"No."
	Natalia interrupted him without hesitation, "You invited me here by yourself. There's no way for you to go back on your words now!"
	She had been working in the Annie International for a period of time. To be honest, she liked the atmosphere there.
	She didn't like to give up anything halfway, especially her work, so she couldn't leave there at this time.
	Natalia waved her hand and said, "Alright. You just want me to go to the gathering with you this evening, don’t you? I will go with you."
	Archie finally smiled.
	"Then I'll pick you up tonight."
	"Okay."
	Natalia left the McCarthy Properties. At six o'clock in the afternoon, Archie came to pick her up.
	They didn't go to other places, but directly drove to the Mountain Club.
	Natalia didn't know who she was going to meet tonight, but she sensed that this man was in a good mood. She had asked him, but he refused to answer, so she became more curious about the gathering tonight.
	In the Supreme Room of Peony of the Mountain Club.
	Several young men were sitting on the sofa.
	York Nixon crossed his legs and looked at the door with expectation. He smiled and said, "Archie said today that he would bring his girlfriend here and introduce her to us. Let’s guess who she is."
	Next to him, Stephen Rogers raised his eyebrows proudly. "You don't know that, do you? Hey! I've seen her before. Are you jealous of me? So do you want me to tell you first?”
	York rolled his eyes at him and snorted disdainfully.
	"What are you proud of? I won't ask you. I'll know it myself soon."
Chapter 101 He Has A Daughter
	It never occurred to Natalia that the gathering mentioned by Archie would be a meeting of his friends.
	Therefore, when she stepped into the box and saw the young men sitting there, she was a little confused.
	"Archie, Natalia, you are here!"
	Stephen was the first one to greet her. When the others saw Natalia, they were first stunned for a while and then came to their senses one by one.
	They followed Stephen greeted her in a hurry.
	"I've always heard that Archie has hidden a stunner in Julio. I finally see her today."
	"Hello, Natalia. My name is Max Nixon."
	"Hello, Natalia. I am Jake Bissel."
	Natalia was surprised.
	Facing their enthusiasm, Natalia smiled stiffly and nodded in response.
	Secretly tugging at the corner of Archie's clothes, she said in a low voice with a stiff smile, "Archie, why didn't you tell me that we come here to meet them?"
	She had heard of these young men.
	As the descendants of the four families in Eqitin, they and Archie grew up together. It was obvious that they had a good relationship. The most important thing was that each of them would make countless women scream crazily.
	It was rare for them to gather here today.
	Archie smiled and held her hand.
	"Since you refuse to go back to Eqitin with me on new year's day, I have to ask them to meet you in Julio. "
	Natalia didn’t know what to say.
	The new year would come after half a month. Archie had asked her once if she wanted to go to Eqitin.
	She refused at that time. Although the relationship between them was growing day by day, it was not the time yet.
	Hearing what he said now, although she thought this man was a little childish, she also felt sweet at such a time.
	After all, it was obvious that these people were very important to Archie.
	He had specially asked them to meet her here, which proved that she was also important to him.
	Natalia smiled slightly and glanced at him. Then she pinched his waist quietly.
	The man didn't show his pain, but the smile on his face became deeper and deeper.
	They all sat down again.
	Archie introduced Natalia to them seriously again and then ordered the servants to serve the dishes.
	With his friend around, Natalia was restrained at first.
	Fortunately, the group of people was about the same age, and Max was good at activating the atmosphere. Not long after, Natalia became familiar with them.
	It was well-known that these young men were hard to get along with for other people, but they were very easy-going to someone of their group.
	Natalia had met Stephen before, so she knew much about him. As the second son of the Nixon family, Max had been studying advanced AI technology, and he had even given a cute little AI toy dog to Natalia as a gift for her.
	Jake didn't follow his father's path. Instead, he chose to study medicine. Although he was young, he was already a famous surgeon.
	He was steady and didn't talk much. He always smiled lightly, giving people a sense of warmth like a spring breeze.
	They had a happy dinner.
	Halfway, Natalia went to the restroom. On the way, she met Declan Wright.
	As the most outstanding person in the young generation of the Wright family, Declan had always been valued by Mrs. Wright.
	When Natalia was a child, she had a good relationship with Declan. However, as Declan grew up, he went abroad to study for a few more years. As a result, they were estranged from each other.
	Declan was a little surprised to see her.
	"Natalia, why are you here?"
	Natalia didn't dislike him. She smiled and said, "Come out for dinner."
	Declan glanced at the box behind her.
	Peony.
	His eyes darkened.
	There was a private room in the Mountain Club that had never been opened to the public. It was just Peony.
	It was said that it was booked by someone for many years. Even if the person did not come, it was not open to the public.
	He once accidentally inquired about it and knew that the person was Archie.
	Declan looked at her and said, "You get along well with him."
	Natalia knew who he was referring to.
	Mrs. Wright didn't agree with her to be with Archie, so Declan must have known it. Therefore, Natalia had no intention of talking to him more, but nodded slightly.
	"If there is nothing else, I'll go in first."
	Then she turned around and walked to the box.
	Two steps later, she heard the voice of Declan behind her.
	"He has a daughter. Do you know that?"
	Natalia's steps froze.
	She turned around and looked at Declan in shock.
	Declan frowned slightly. After hesitating for a while, he said, "I thought he would tell you, but judging from your reaction, you seem to know nothing about it."
	Natalia didn't say anything.
	Declan sighed.
	"The Wright family has contact with the Kawn family in Eqitin, so I can also hear some news from there. It is said that he has been engaged to, Selena Kawn, the daughter of the Kawn family since he was a child. I don't know if that child’s mother is just Selena, but at least, until now, the engagement has not been terminated.”
	“Natalia, we grew up together. I don't want you to be cheated, nor do I want you to be hurt. So I'll tell you this. As for whether you believe it or not, and how you will deal with it, you should decide it by yourself!"
	After saying that, Declan left.
	Natalia stood there with a blank mind.
	Her face also turned pale.
	A chill ran up from the soles of her feet, straightly to her head!
	Her whole body was cold and her heart was pounded!
	He has an... engagement?
	And a child?
	After a while, the door of Peony opened from inside. Archie walked out and saw her standing in the corridor. He walked over.
	"Why are you standing here?"
	When he approached her, he found that she didn't look good. He couldn’t help frowning.
	He touched her forehead and asked with concern, "What's wrong? Are you feeling uncomfortable?"
	Natalia stared at him.
	The man frowned, with undisguised concern and worry on his face.
	But at this moment, it was suddenly full of irony.
	She shook her head, looked away and said lightly, "I'm fine."
	Then she turned around and walked into the room.
	In the following hours, Archie felt that the woman beside him was obviously absent-minded.
	She was no longer happy as before. Instead, she was preoccupied with something.
	Thinking that she had gone to the restroom before, the man seemed to understand something.
	But he said nothing.
	After returning home in the evening, Natalia went to the bathroom to take a shower early. When she came out, she found that the man went to the study and said that there was something urgent to deal with in the company.
	She didn't care and went to bed.
	That night, she had a dream.
	Many things happened in her busy dream.
	Some were about the memories when she was a child, some were about the matters when she was abroad a few years ago, and some vague pictures about the man.
	Finally, the words Declan said to her in the dark corridor and his eyes with sympathy and worry were fixed in her dream.
	Natalia suddenly woke up.
	Outside the window, the sun was shining. It was already ten o'clock in the morning.
	She was shocked and turned around. The bed was empty. The cold temperature reminded her that the man had left for a long time.
Chapter 102 Pay for It
	Or... he even didn’t come in at all?
	Natalia scratched her hair and rubbed her face.
	The scene in her dream gradually faded away with her brain waking up. Her temples throbbed and she had a headache.
	She rubbed her forehead gently with her fingers and then got out of bed.
	"Mrs. McCarthy, you are awake!"
	Mrs. Dottie just came in and smiled at her.
	Natalia forced a smile and said, "I'm late. Why didn't you wake me up?"
	"Mr. McCarthy said before he left that you were not feeling well and asked us not to wake you up, and to let you have more rest."
	Natalia was stunned.
	She looked at Mrs. Dottie, whose face was full of gratification. She asked, "Where did he sleep last night?"
	"Mrs. McCarthy, don't you know that? Mr. McCarthy worked too late last night, so he just slept in the study."
	Natalia was silent for a moment.
	It turned out that he really didn't come back.
	An indescribable complex feeling arose in her heart. She didn't know what was going on.
	She had thought from the beginning that she should keep her feeling well. No matter what the final goal and end of this marriage were, she couldn't let herself be trapped by it.
	But... Why was she a little disappointed now?
	Natalia didn't look good. Mrs. Dottie observed her expression and asked cautiously, "Mrs. McCarthy, do you want to have breakfast?"
	Natalia came to her senses and shook her head.
	"No, I'll go to the company directly."
	Perhaps Archie had ordered Brian to ask for a leave for her in advance, so even if Natalia was late, the people in the company were not surprised, as if they had already known it.
	When she got to the company, she dealt with the work as usual.
	For the whole day, Archie didn't send her a message or call her.
	Natalia tried her best to suppress the strange feeling in her heart. She knew that she couldn't ask for too much.
	This marriage was not based on love from the very beginning. Whether he had a girlfriend or not, or even had a child, it had nothing to do with her.
	So she didn't have to be upset or ask.
	Yes, that was it.
	Even if she seemed to have a crush on him because of what happened last time, it was just a little.
	Maybe it was because of this that God let her know in advance what she shouldn't have known and reminded her of the existence of the truth.
	Natalia closed her eyes and scratched her hair in boredom.
	At this moment, her phone suddenly rang.
	She picked it up with a frown, but when she saw the caller ID, her expression changed.
	“Mr. K?”
	"It's me."
	The voice on the other side of the line was hoarse and full of vicissitudes. He said in a deep voice, "I have found something that you asked me to investigate for you. It's not convenient to tell you on the phone. When are you free? Let's talk about it face to face!"
	Natalia's breath tightened.
	Her fingers holding the phone were a little pale, and it took her a long time to calm down.
	"Okay, send me the address. I'll come to see you this afternoon."
	"Okay."
	In the afternoon, Natalia got off work ahead of time and went to a cafe as scheduled.
	Mr. K was a bald middle-aged man with sunglasses. He had arrived ahead of time and was sitting at a table by the window.
	Seeing Natalia, he nodded to her.
	Natalia walked over and sat down opposite him.
	"What’s that? What did you find out?"
	She asked straightforwardly as soon as she sat down.
	Mr. K looked at her through his sunglasses and said in a deep voice, "As you guessed, the car accident five years ago was not a natural accident."
	Natalia's breath froze.
	Mr. K took out a folder from his pocket and took out a few photos from it and put them on the table.
	"The wreckage of the car has been cleaned up, but the traffic police still keeps the police records of the case that year. I asked someone to get detailed photos of the car that year. Look, there are obvious traces of human damage in this place."
	Natalia looked carefully at the place on the photo he pointed at and saw there was a clear cut on the car.
	"Is this... a brake pad?"
	Mr. K nodded.
	"When Mrs. Dawson had an accident, her car was burnt to ashes on the spot. Many pieces of evidence were lost, but later the police still took some pictures of its remains.”
	“I picked out these photos from hundreds of them. The perpetrator was very smart. He knew that the car would burn and all the evidence would be burnt. But unexpectedly, when the car burned, it would directly break through the bridge and fall into the river. Instead, it extinguished a part of the fire, leaving some evidence."
	Natalia's face turned pale.
	Her eyes, which were always clear and cold, now became deep and meaningful, and no one could judge from it whether she was angry.
	"Who did it? Have you found it out?"
	Mr. K shook his head.
	"I was in a hurry to inform you as soon as I got the photos. I haven't had the time to check who did it."
	"Is it difficult?"
	"I guess it's difficult."
	He frowned and said, "it has been a long time. The person who got involved in this matter may have already left Julio. The people behind it also won't let anyone find out the evidence. I guess they have dealt with the flaws already. If we investigate it now, it will be like looking for a needle in a haystack."
	Natalia was silent for a moment.
	After a while, she sneered with cold eyes.
	"Actually, I don't need to investigate. I know who it is."
	She stared at the broken brake on the photo and sneered, "The person who got the most benefits must be the murderer.”
	Mr. K was also silent for a moment.
	"Unfortunately, as long as we can't get direct evidence, we can't ask the law to send her to prison."
	Natalia smiled coldly.
	Law?
	Even if she couldn't seek help from the law, so what?
	As long as she proved that her mother was indeed killed, and it was not an accident, she would be able to force the mother and daughter to speak out the truth personally.
	Her eyes were filled with cruelty and mercilessness. Mr. K looked at her and kept silent for a while.
	"What's your plan now?"
	Natalia said in a low voice, "Of course I will let them pay for that!"
	"You alone?"
	"Is there a problem?"
	Mr. K wanted to say something but stopped on second thought.
	Natalia glanced at him and frowned. "When did you learn to hold on when you wanted to say something?"
	Mr. K was speechless.
	He said helplessly, "I heard that you are with Archie now. Why don't you ask him for help? It's a piece of cake for him to destroy the Dawson family."
	Natalia sneered.
	Mr. K didn’t know if it was an illusion. He found that when he mentioned that man, Natalia’s eyes were colder than before.
	"It's my business, and I don’t need someone irrelevant to help me."
	After a pause, she stood up and said, "Okay, I see this matter. Thank you. I will transfer the money to you later."
	After saying that, Natalia turned around and walked out.
	At the same time, a black Rolls-Royce passed by the cafe. The person in the car inadvertently looked out of the window and saw a familiar figure.
	The woman was wearing black and white casual clothes and a peaked cap. She was walking out with her head down.
	He was slightly stunned and ordered Brian to stop the car.
	When he was about to get off the car, he saw a man quickly walking out of the cafe and stopped Natalia.
Chapter 103 She Hid Something From Him
	“Seven! Wait!"
	Natalia stopped.
	She looked back at Mr. K.
	"Anything else?"
	Mr. K hesitated for a moment and said, "Recently, the Dragon Club is in trouble. Many people are looking for you in secret. Be careful!"
	Natalia was stunned.
	After a while, she smiled.
	"I see. Thank you."
	Mr. K also smiled.
	"We’re the only two who know the other offline, so I just remind you casually. You're welcome."
	Natalia nodded and said nothing more. Then she turned around and left.
	In the Rolls-Royce.
	Brian was a little shocked when he saw the two say goodbye at the door of the cafe not far away.
	He turned his head to look at his boss and cautiously asked, "Boss, are we still going there?"
	Looking at the petite figure fading away in the evening light, Archie frowned.
	After a while, he said, "No."
	Then Brian closed the door again and drove the Rolls-Royce away.
	Due to the wrong angle, Natalia didn't see the Rolls-Royce on the other side.
	After she got in the car, she received a call from Archie.
	The man's voice was a little cold and hoarse. He asked, "Where are you?"
	Raising her eyebrows, Natalia looked around at the traffic and asked in a low voice, "I’m in the company. What's wrong?"
	The man on the other side paused for a moment.
	Somehow, Natalia felt a little uneasy. She looked around again and made sure that there was no familiar face or car. Then she breathed a sigh of relief.
	Then she asked, "Are you off duty?"
	"Not yet."
	"Then... Go back to your work. See you tonight?"
	"Okay, see you tonight."
	After hanging up the phone, Natalia breathed a long sigh.
	Looking at the darkening screen of the phone, she suddenly laughed at herself.
	What was she afraid of?
	That man was not her real husband.
	Even if she had slept with him two times, so what? Even if they had the marriage certificate, so what?
	Wasn't he also hiding something from her? Why did she have to be faithful to him?
	Natalia tried her best to persuade herself. After a long time, she calmed down a little and finally suppressed the strange uneasiness and guilt.
	On the other side, after hanging up the phone, Archie thought of the figure he had just seen at the door of the cafe, and the lie that the woman had casually said on the phone. His eyes were slightly cold.
	He sneered and ordered Brian.
	"Go and find out who that person was just now."
	Needless to say, Brian knew who the "person" he was referring to.
	Brian said yes immediately.
	In the evening, when Natalia got home, Archie was already at home.
	When Natalia entered the room, Mrs. Dottie happened to welcome her. Mrs. Dottie smiled and said, "Mrs. McCarthy has come back. The dinner is ready. Mr. McCarthy is waiting for you in the dining room!"
	Natalia nodded and entered the dining room.
	In the dining room, Archie sat upright in a white shirt.
	His handsome face was meticulous, and the corners of his eyes and brows were rare cold and sharp.
	Seeing her come in, he only slightly lifted his eyelids and said nothing.
	Natalia keenly sensed that there was something wrong with the atmosphere today. She took a look at Mrs. Dottie. Mrs. Dottie was standing behind Archie and secretly winked at her.
	Today, Mr. McCarthy was in a bad mood, so everyone should be cautious!
	After sitting down, Natalia smiled and asked, "Have you been busy recently? Are you tired?"
	Archie didn't answer.
	His face was as cold as ice. In fact, anyone with eyes could see that this man was in a bad mood, even if Mrs. Dottie didn’t warn her.
	However, even if he was in a bad mood, most of the time, he didn't show his emotions on his face, let alone blame the servants.
	But today, it was so obvious...
	Natalia rolled her eyes and soon understood.
	She smiled silently and asked, "Are you in a bad mood? Something happened in the company?"
	Archie finally looked at her seriously.
	It would be better if he didn't look at her, but that glance made Natalia a little shocked.
	The man's eyes were so penetrating that it seemed to see through her eyes to get her mind.
	Natalia felt a little uncomfortable. She looked away. The man finally spoke, "Where did you go this afternoon?"
	Natalia's heart skipped a beat.
	She tried to calm herself down, looked at him and said in a deep voice, "Why do you ask this?"
	"Mr. K is a famous underground private detective. He has superb skills and boundless connections. He is especially popular in Julio. What did you want from him?"
	Natalia froze there.
	She looked at him in disbelief, and the details of her meeting with Mr. K flashed through her mind. She did not find anything wrong and could not help frowning.
	"Are you spying on me? Nancy?”
	Archie sneered.
	"You can ask Nancy if I have asked her to spy on you."
	Natalia didn’t know what to say.
	It was not until then that she remembered that she had deliberately sent Nancy away when she was going to meet Mr. K this afternoon.
	Maybe Nancy knew she went to the cafe, but Nancy didn't know who she had met.
	Thinking of this, Natalia looked at Archie again, with a trace of inquiry in her eyes.
	"So, are you questioning me now?"
	"Shouldn't I question you as a husband being cheated by my wife?"
	Natalia smiled coldly.
	"If you really think that a couple should be honest to each other without any privacy, then Mr. McCarthy, please do it well yourself first."
	After saying that, she felt that she had no appetite tonight. She put down the bowl and chopsticks and was about to leave, but was stopped by Archie.
	"Stop!"
	Natalia paused and looked at him with a frown.
	"What do you mean? Make it clear!"
	Natalia sneered.
	The grievance and anger that had been suppressing for the whole day suddenly burst out. "Don’t you understand what I’m saying? Your relationship with your fiancee and your child. In your opinion, as your wife, should I also have the right to know that?"
	There was an instant silence in the dining room.
	It was so quiet that even a needle dropping on the ground could be heard.
	The servants widened their eyes in disbelief.
	It seemed that at that moment, they even stopped breathing, but really admired Natalia's courage!
	They had never seen anyone who dared to shout at Mr. McCarthy like this. Mrs. McCarthy was the first one!
	Did Mr. McCarthy... also get angry?
	They turned to look at Archie and found that his handsome face was gloomy and dark. The cold air around him almost froze them.
	Oh, God!
	Mr. McCarthy also got angry, so what should they do?
	Before the servants could react, Archie said coldly, "You all get out!"
	Everyone looked at each other and a few seconds later, they all got out quickly.
	Natalia stood there and looked at him with cold eyes.
	There was a trace of regret in her heart.
	She had told herself that she shouldn't care. Why was she so angry at that moment?
	How could she be so angry that she couldn't help asking him directly?
	If the truth was just she had heard, what should she do then?
	It was so ashamed to do that, even if she just thought of this scene!
Chapter 104 I Didn’t Lie to You
	Natalia scratched her hair, feeling annoyed.
	Seeing that he didn't say anything for a long time, she said impatiently, "Do you have anything to say? If not, I have to go now!"
	"Wait!"
	Archie stood up and walked towards her.
	Somehow, Natalia's breath tightened.
	The man stopped in front of her and looked at her with his hands in his trouser pockets.
	He noticed the regret on the woman's face. Although his face was still stiff, there was a faint smile in his deep dark eyes.
	"Last night, you were angry with me just because of this?"
	Natalia was stunned.
	She looked up at him in astonishment.
	Archie added lightly.
	"It was someone of the Wright family who told you that, wasn’t it?"
	Natalia's pupils dilated again.
	How did he know everything?
	Was he the eyes of God?
	Archie quickly solved her doubts.
	"The engagement between me and the daughter of the Kawn family is very secret. In Julio, only Mrs. Wright, who has a close relationship with the Kawn family, knows it. You didn't see her last night, and she didn't tell you about it on the phone before. So I guess that she doesn't want to tell you.”
	“But if she didn't say it, someone would say it for her. As Mrs. Wright's favorite grandson, Declan might have heard about it by chance. He and you have known each other since childhood. Seeing you are going to be trapped by this, he naturally told you the truth. Am I right?"
	Natalia opened her mouth in astonishment.
	The shock in her heart was beyond words.
	This man... How could he know everything just through a simple inference?
	But after a short period of astonishment, she quickly calmed down.
	She stepped back and looked at him coldly.
	"So what? Do you want to say that what he said is not true?"
	"It's true."
	His answer without hesitation stunned Natalia again.
	Then there was a burst of anger.
	"So? Why did you stop me and what do you want to say?"
	She was really going crazy!
	She had never seen a person who could be so righteous after doing something wrong!
	He had been too domineering!
	Although she had never expected that the two of them would really become the real couple, at least for the time being, she was still the nominal Mrs. McCarthy. Even for the sake of the relationship between two partners, shouldn’t he be honest to her on this matter?
	She should have the right to know it!
	Looking at the furious woman in front of him, Archie didn't know why he suddenly felt a strange sense of satisfaction.
	"Are you... Jealous of it?"
	"I'm jealous of what?"
	Natalia was completely pissed off. She pushed the man in front of her and roared, "Get out of my way! I don’t want to argue with you. Whether you have a fiancee or a daughter, it has nothing to do with me! Get off!"
	She seemed to be completely irritated, and her eyes were even red.
	Archie just stared at her.
	The woman's slightly red eyes reflected his face, and there were complex waves of anger hidden in her calmness.
	Then she pushed him away and ran upstairs.
	Natalia went straight into the bedroom.
	Archie followed her closely.
	His eyelids twitched when he saw her begin to package her clothes angrily.
	"What are you doing?"
	He held her hand.
	Natalia glared at him.
	Archie's breath stopped for a moment.
	"Let me go!"
	"No way!"
	"Archie, don't make me totally lose my temper!"
	Natalia was really going crazy with anger!
	She had never been so furious before!
	Why did this man think he could lie to her like this?
	Archie looked at her and said in a low voice, "Give me a chance to explain."
	"I'm not interested in your explanation!"
	“Natalia!”
	"Let me go! Em!"
	An unexpected kiss was pressed down hard and stopped her from saying anything.
	The man kissed her fiercely, with the power to destroy her mind. He pressed one hand on the back of her head, and the other hand encircled her waist, tightly holding her into his arms, as if to integrate her into his bones and blood.
	At first, Natalia tried her best to resist, but later she found that it was useless. Moreover, this man's skill was getting better and better, and he could attack and plunder without giving Natalia time to react.
	Soon, her mind was in a mess. She couldn't think of anything, and she also couldn't do anything.
	After a long time, Archie finally let her go.
	He lowered his eyes and looked at the little woman in his arms. Her face was flushed, and her eyes were red. She was shy and angry. He could not help but laugh in a low voice.
	"It turns out that you care about me so much, which makes me happy."
	His voice was low but it was mixed with a sexy lure.
	Natalia glared at him.
	"Who cares about you?"
	"If you don’t care about me, then why are you angry?"
	"Whoever is cheated will be angry, okay?"
	"I didn't cheat you."
	"You..."
	"I did have an engagement with the daughter of the Kawn family, but it was made when I was five years old. Moreover, the child who was engaged to me had long passed away, so this engagement was naturally not counted. Selena is just the adopted daughter of the Kawn family, and she is not qualified to marry into the McCarthy family."
	Natalia was stupefied.
	She stared at him with her watery eyes.
	Archie continued to explain, "And as for the kid, I didn't mean to hide it from you. Last time you asked me who I was calling, and I told you that it was an important person in my life. I originally planned to take you to see her in Eqitin, but you delayed it again and again. It should not be my fault, right?"
	Natalia opened her mouth.
	She was shocked, and the huge shock made her unable to react.
	After a while, she stopped staring at the man and said in a low voice, "Then you can tell me in advance."
	"I thought you knew it."
	Indeed, he had a child. Although it was not known to all, anyone who was familiar with him should know it.
	Natalia had stayed in McCarthy Mansion for so long. She got along with Mrs. Dottie and other servants every day, who had been in the McCarthy family for more than ten years. He thought that she had heard about it.
	Also thinking of this, Natalia even didn't know what to say.
	The atmosphere was inexplicably awkward.
	She always felt that there was something wrong with this matter. Logically, it seemed that what he had said was true, but she felt that something was still wrong.
	But she didn't know what it was.
	Archie looked at her and smiled.
	"Since I have told you the truth, shouldn't you tell me now what you want from Mr. K?"
	Natalia looked up at him.
	The man's eyes were deep, and his dark pupils were like two bottomless lakes, unfathomable.
	She pursed her lips and said, "I came to him just to investigate the truth of my mother's death."
	Archie frowned imperceptibly.
	"Do you think there is another reason for mother's death?"
	Natalia glared at him.
	"That's my mother!"
	"Your mother is my mother. Is there anything wrong with my calling?"
	Natalia was speechless.
	‘forget it. I don't want to argue with him.' Natalia thought like this.
	She nodded, "Yes, but I didn't have any evidence, so I wanted someone to help me investigate it. Later I heard that he is very good at this, so I asked him to help me. Today he asked me to meet because he had some clues, so he wanted to talk to me face to face.”
Chapter 105 A Phone Call From The Kid
	Archie stared at her with his dark eyes.
	"That's it?"
	"Or what? What do you think it is?"
	"Nothing."
	His eyes were complicated, and it was obvious that he had hidden something else. Natalia secretly tightened her fingers, and felt a little flustered for no reason.
	But she was always good at camouflage. After she looked away, she quickly calmed down and did not show any traces on her face.
	"Have you found anything?"
	"Yes, I have."
	Speaking of this, Natalia had nothing to hide. She took out the photo that Mr. K had given her.
	"Someone did something to my mother's car, and the brake pad was cut in advance. I suspect that was just why the accident happened."
	A flash of complex light was in Archie’s eyes.
	It was a faint cold light.
	"Do you need my help?"
	"No, I don’t!"
	Natalia answered straightforwardly, "I'll do it myself. I don't want to rely on anyone else."
	Her mother had always been the one she loved most in the world. Five years ago, she was still young. For her mother's sudden death, she could do nothing but be at a loss and doubt.
	But now it was different. Since she had the ability, she must find out the murderer by herself!
	She would never let that murderer go!
	Archie looked at her for a while and then nodded.
	He touched her head and said softly, "Okay, if you need anything, you must let me know."
	Natalia nodded.
	Now that the misunderstandings had been cleared up, she had to eat food.
	But when she went downstairs, Natalia felt a little embarrassed.
	Archie smiled and didn't say anything. Mrs. Dottie was happy to see that they made peace so soon. She asked the servants to heat the cold food and take it back as soon as possible.
	After dinner, Archie went to take a shower, while Natalia lay in bed in a daze.
	She was still thinking of what the man had said before.
	Selena was the adopted daughter of the Kawn family?
	She had never heard of this before.
	Then she thought of his daughter, who should be very young. Where was her mother? Where did she go?
	Was she Archie's ex-girlfriend? Or...
	Could the daughter be the result of a one-night stand?
	Thinking of this, Natalia suddenly felt disgusted.
	Although she still felt a little uncomfortable, she knew that everyone had a past, not only Archie, but also her.
	So she didn't have to dig into it.
	It was late at night. Natalia couldn't help yawning.
	Just then, Archie's phone rang.
	He put his phone on the bedside table and didn't take it into the bathroom.
	Therefore, as soon as Natalia sat on the bed, she could see the caller ID on the screen.
	There were several simple letters on the screen.
	—Baby.
	Natalia's eyebrows twitched.
	Baby? Was it... his daughter?
	She took a look in the direction of the bathroom. It wasn't long after Archie went in. It should take a while for him to come out.
	She was wondering whether she should give him the phone or not.
	The phone was suddenly hung up.
	Looking at the darkening screen, she thought for a while and was about to go back to sleep.
	However, a few seconds later, the phone rang again.
	It was that number again.
	She hesitated for a moment, thinking that there might be something wrong with the child calling again and again.
	So she picked up the phone and went to the bathroom.
	Natalia knocked on the door and said, "Archie, answer the phone."
	There was only the sound of water, and no one responded.
	Natalia knocked a few more times, but the man didn't hear it, probably because the sound of water was too loud.
	She had no choice but to go back and tell him when he came out.
	However, when she put down the phone, she didn't know which place on the phone she had pressed, and the phone was answered at once.
	Natalia was shocked.
	Oh, God!
	She just questioned him, and then she answered his phone. Wouldn't it make him misunderstand that she didn't trust him at all?
	That was so rude!
	But it was too late to hang up now.
	And even if she hung up, it would be recorded. It was simply useless.
	Natalia almost cried.
	"Hello? Why don't you speak?"
	A sweet voice came through the phone.
	Natalia was stunned.
	Really a child?
	Maybe because the kid didn’t get any response from the phone, she said again, "Hello! Daddy, why don't you talk to me? Are you angry again? I've taken the medicine obediently today. Why are you still angry? If you are still angry, I won't take the medicine next time."
	Natalia panicked. She didn't know if she should call Archie out or just hang up.
	"Humph! Daddy! You even don’t talk to me! I also won't talk to you anymore!"
	As she spoke, she suddenly hung up the phone.
	Natalia stood there, holding Archie’s phone in a daze.
	It took her a long time to react.
	What... what should she do now?
	She seemed to have answered a phone call by accident and caused a big misunderstanding!
	At this moment, there was a light sound from the bathroom door, and the man wrapped in a bath towel came out.
	Although it was late winter now, it was not cold because the heating was on in the room.
	He didn't wear any clothes, and his strong figure was well proportioned. A big white bath towel with a golden edge around his waist covered the lower part of his body.
	With the other hand, he wiped his wet short hair with a towel. Water drops slid down his abdominal muscles along his chest muscles and disappeared at the edge of the bath towel, bringing a sexy smell.
	Natalia didn't know if it was her illusion. As soon as the man came out, the whole bedroom suddenly became cramped.
	The space of the room was over a hundred square meters, but he stood there with a strong aura as if it had filled the surrounding space, making Natalia feel a sense of oppression for no reason.
	Natalia glanced at him and slowly looked away with a blushed face.
	It was not that she didn't want to see this scene. It was just that the scene was so sexy that she was afraid that she would get a nosebleed.
	Archie had been observing her reaction all the time. Seeing that her face was red and the color almost reached her ears, but she just turned her face away to cover it. He suddenly raised his lips.
	He untied the bath towel and began to change his pajamas directly.
	Even if Natalia looked away, she couldn't help glancing at the scene from the corner of her eyes.
	Her face turned even redder.
	She complained, "Can you go to the bathroom to change your clothes? There... there are still people here! Don't you feel ashamed?"
	Archie raised his eyebrows.
	"Mrs. McCarthy, we are husband and wife."
	Natalia had nothing to refute.
	She bit her lips and muttered after a long while, "We are not a real couple. Anyway, we will divorce sooner or later!"
	Although her voice had been lowered to the most, the man still heard it clearly.
	He paused and his eyes turned cold.
	The next second, he quickly put on her shirt and came over.
	"What did you just say?"
	"What? Nothing."
	Natalia pretended to be confused with a pair of innocent eyes.
	"Huh!"
	The man sneered. He bent over, pinched her chin, and said word by word, "You want a divorce? There's no way. You'd better stop thinking about it. To be Mrs. McCarthy is not a kind of play, so you can’t run at will. What do you think I am?"
Chapter 106 She Should Be Like Her Mother
	Natalia looked at him dully.
	She blurted out the words as she was angry, but she didn’t expect that he would take it so seriously.
	Feeling the pain from her chin, Natalia let out a light groan and said unhappily, “What are you doing? It hurts.”
	“Answer my question.”
	The man’s tone of voice was overbearing and cold lights flashed across his eyes.
	Natalia was a bit scared by his stare.
	She knitted her brows, “What do you want me to answer?”
	“Who am I?”
	Natalia was speechless.
	Was he mentally handicapped? Why didn’t he know who he was?
	Pitifully, she could only complain this in her heart. She couldn’t say it out.
	Natalia curled her lips into an ingratiating smile and replied honestly, “You’re Archie McCarthy.”
	“Hmm?”
	Natalia was speechless again.
	Was it wrong?
	She then replied tentatively, “Mr. McCarthy?”
	Archie was taken aback hearing what she said.
	“Heh, come on, you won’t be asking me to call you Mr. Chairman, right??”
	Seeing the quick change in the man’s tensed expression, Natalia knew that she had given a wrong answer again.
	“Heh, I will give you the last chance. Give me a satisfactory answer, okay?”
	Natalia bit her lower lip.
	“Don’t bite your lip!”
	When she bit her red lip with her white teeth, she just looked so pitifully beautiful, which stimulated his impulse to plunder her.
	Hence, the man quickly pinched her chin to stop her.
	Feeling the sharp pain, Natalia groaned with dissatisfaction.
	Right at this moment, she suddenly had a light-bulb moment.
	Seeming to figure out something, she looked at him in disbelief.
	She then stammered an answer tentatively, “You’re my… my honey.”
	Archie sneered.
	“Remember this then. Although your words were unintentional, I don’t want to hear those words again!”
	The man’s gaze was a bit cold and he said in a deep and warning voice, “Understand?”
	Although Natalia was a bit dumbfounded, she still knew better than to say anything more and just nodded her head.
	Only then did Archie loosen the grip on her chin and walk to the other side of the bed. When he prepared to get onto the bed, he saw his phone that was placed on the bedside table.
	He knitted his brows and shifted his gaze onto Natalia.
	Natalia came to her own sense and hurriedly explained it, “You got a call just now. I’ve told you, but you didn’t answer me. I answered the call only accidentally.”
	Speaking of this, Natalia became a bit guilt-stricken.
	Archie didn’t say anything. He picked up his phone and took a glance.
	“What did she say to you?”
	Natalia smiled awkwardly.
	“Nothing. Er… She’s your daughter, right?”
	Archie turned around and shot a glance at her.
	After two seconds of silence, he corrected her words, “She’s our daughter.”
	Natalia really don’t know what to say.
	Luckily, she wasn’t drinking water now; otherwise, she would definitely spurt out the water in her mouth.
	However, after a second thought, since she and Archie were already officially married, of course his daughter was also her daughter.
	Now she suddenly had a daughter. Initially, Natalia was dumbfounded, but now she suddenly became cheered up.
	“That’s true. If that’s the case, seems like it’s not a bad thing.”
	Natalia didn’t hate the idea of having a child at all. Moreover, upon hearing the voice from the other end of the phone, she inexplicably had a cordial feeling although she had never met that child before.
	Natalia felt it fantastic. At a second though, she was a bit amused.
	“I wondered whether she’s cute or not. Hmm… it would be the best if she don’t have your temper. You really have a bad temper. You’re so temperamental. It will be bad if the little girl is like this.”
	Archie fixed his eyes on her, “Then whom do you expect her to be like?”
	“Of course she should be like her mother.”
	Come to think of it, Natalia suddenly realized that she even didn’t know who the little girl’s biological mother was.
	She hurriedly asked, “Is she your ex’s child? Oh, had you ever been married before?”
	Archie, “…”
	Could he borrow Thor's hammer from him?
	After blurting out the question, Natalia also realized that it was impossible.
	After all, if it was his second marriage, she would have known it when they came to the marriage bureau to apply for marriage certificates.
	Natalia smiled embarrassedly. Archie didn’t say anything else. He even agreed to her opinion.
	“Yeah. She’s quite like her mother.”
	He paused and then picked up his phone and walked to the balcony, “I will call back.”
	Natalia nodded her head.
	She watched him walking to the balcony. In the endless dark night and under the warm, yellow lights of the house, the man, who was clenching his phone and standing straight, was talking into the phone gently.
	Lying face down on the bed, Natalia held her cheek in one hand and studied the man carefully.
	She suddenly felt that this man was not as cruel and merciless as he was in the rumors.
	At least he was good to her. And she could tell that he was a responsible good father for the way he treated his child.
	Natalia unconsciously curled her lips into a smile.
	Archie spent lots of time on the call.
	He had no choice as he pampered his daughter Anne a lot.
	He didn’t answer her call just now. Although Natalia answered the call later, she didn’t say anything. So Anne was angry because she thought that Archie was deliberately ignoring her.
	Archie put in good words to coax Anne. After a long while, this little demon finally forgave him.
	Archie said in a soft voice, “It’s late now. Be a good girl and go to bed, okay?”
	The kid’s cute voice came from the other end of the phone.
	“Okay. But you must answer my call in the future.”
	Archie rubbed his brows helplessly.
	“Sometime when I’m at a meeting, I would mute my phone. So I can’t hear it.”
	“I will call you when you’re not at a meeting.”
	“Really?”
	“Of course. Grandma has told me that Daddy is busy with work and it’s tiresome. She asked me not to bother you. That’s why I always call you in the evening.”
	Archie didn’t expect that this naughty kid would also be so thoughtful.
	He chuckled and replied in a soft voice.
	“I see. I will not miss your call in the future.”
	Only then was the kid satisfied. But soon, her voice was tinged with a trace of dejection.
	“Daddy, actually I called you because I missed you.”
	Archie paused.
	It felt like his heart was gently hit by something.
	Anne continued, “But Grandma doesn’t allow me to come to find you. Daddy, when will you come back to see me? I miss you so much! Other kids have father and mother, but I have none. I’m so pitiful! No one likes me, awww…”
	Archie knew that Anne was pretending, as he had specially flown to visit her when he was on a business trip not long ago.
	However, hearing her soft and childish voice and her pretentious crying tone, his heart uncontrollably softened.
	“Good girl, Daddy will come back soon.”
	“Soon? How long will that be?”
	Anne was a shrewd girl and she wouldn’t be fooled around easily.
	“About one month.”
	“Awww… Daddy, you don’t like me anymore. Are you going to abandon me? Boohoo…”
	Anne, who was at the other end of the phone, cried miserably.
	Archie touched his forehead helplessly.
	Nevertheless, he had no choice as this was his beloved daughter even though she was spoiled by him.
	He coaxed her patiently, “One month is already the bottom line. If you keep on crying, I will not come back one month later. Not just me, but also the mother I have found for you will not come back either.”
	Anne immediately stopped crying.
Chapter 107 The Strange Dream
	“Mummy?”
	“Yes.”
	“Really? Did you really help me find my mummy?”
	Archie chuckled, “Do you want to see her?”
	“Sure! I want to see her!”
	“Then let’s end here. I will send you her photo. But you shall go to bed after seeing her photo, OK?”
	“Okay.”
	Archie then hung up his phone. He found out a photo of Natalia which was taken by him by accident and sent it to Anne.
	At the other end of the phone, when receiving the photo, Anne immediately became excited.
	Was this her mummy?
	‘Oh gosh, mummy is so beautiful! Her skin is so fair! Her eyes are so beautiful! Her nose is so high! And her mouth has a good shape!’
	‘Mummy looked exactly the same as me!’
	‘Oh… Grandma, this is my mommy! I’m her daughter! I feel so happy!’ Anne exclaimed in her heart.
	Clenching the phone, Anne ran to the living room to find her grandma.
	Unexpectedly, when she just ran out of her bedroom, she was stopped by a maid who was responsible for taking care of her.
	“Miss, it’s already ten o’clock. Didn’t you promise me that you will be a good girl and go to bed? How can you run wildly?”
	Anne took a glance at her and paused.
	She rolled her black-pearl-like beautiful eyes and pressed her pink small lips together. After a short while, she suddenly turned around and ran towards the bedroom.
	‘No way! Mummy is so beautiful and I can’t let others know her!’
	‘Otherwise, they will snatch my mummy from me.’
	‘Mummy belongs to me only and no one is allowed to snatch her from me!’
	‘Humph!’ Anne thought to herself.
	Watching Anne running back to her bedroom, the maid thought that she must have realized her mistake and therefore she would go to bed obediently. She didn’t think too much of this.
	The maid followed Anne into the bedroom. Watching her sliding into the bed, she walked over, tucked the quilt for her and then coaxed her softly, “Miss, have a good dream. I will only go out when you’ve fallen asleep.”
	As expected, Anne closed her eyes obediently and she soon fell asleep.
	Generally speaking, kids would fall asleep quickly, so was Anne.
	The maid didn’t dare to take away the phone clenched by Anne just now as she was afraid that she would make a fuss. But now, seeing that she was still clenching the phone and since that she was sleeping, the maid gently took the children’s mobile phone away from her hand.
	In sleeping, the kid called vaguely, “Mummy…”
	The maid was stunned. She leaned forwards and put her ear near Anne’s mouth. Only then did she hear clearly what Anne was calling.
	Her gaze towards the kid became complicated as a gush of bitterness surged in her heart.
	She didn’t know how she should think about this kid’s fate. Was she lucky? Or was she pitiful?
	She was lucky because she was a child of the McCarthy family, a top-class powerful and rich family. She wouldn’t need to worry about clothing and food in her whole life as she could enjoy the endless wealth.
	She was pitiful because she didn’t have a mother.
	After all, those who had stayed in the McCarthy family for more than five years all knew that this kid was taken back from abroad by Archie back then. At that time, Archie only brought back this little girl and her mother was not by her side.
	At that time, she was still a newly-born baby. Maybe it was because she had left her mother since young, Anne had been quite week since childhood.
	She had been at her last grasp due to illness for several times. The McCarthy family hired several doctors for her, requiring them to live in the family. Even the renowned doctor, Ian Rankin, also had lived in the family for a period to stabilize Anne’s health condition.
	Afterwards, she was pampered by the whole family as they were afraid that she would get any slight hurt. As she gradually grew up with the meticulous care of the family, her health condition was gradually improved.
	When thinking of this, the maid took a glance at the little kid lying in the quilt.
	She heaved a long sigh.
	Alas! Her mother was so cold-hearted that she even abandoned such a cute kid!
	The maid didn’t stay in the room any longer and she left the room cautiously without making any noise.
	Meanwhile, Natalia had a dream that night.
	She dreamed of a scene in which she was lying on a snow-white bed surrounded by cold steel-grey equipment. Some cold metal instruments were moving in her body.
	The man’s low, deep voice sounded near her ear.
	“Give birth the child for me. I will give you everything you want.”
	“No! Please! No!”
	Natalia woke up.
	It was already broad daylight outside and it was about seven in the morning. There came some water splashing sounds from the bathroom. It seemed like someone was taking a shower.
	Lying on the bed, Natalia closed her eyes to get rid of the horrifying dream.
	After a long while, when she heard that the door of the bathroom was pulled opened, she finally opened her eyes.
	“Awake?”
	Archie was drying his wet hair with a towel. Natalia knew that he had a habit of having morning exercise and she thought that he must have just finished the exercise.
	Natalia replied with a light “emm”, seeming to be a bit upset.
	Archie raised his brows. He causally tossed the towel onto the back of the chair and walked over.
	“What’s wrong? Do you feel uncomfortable?”
	When speaking, he reached out and touched her forehead.
	“I’m fine.” Natalia yawned, “It’s just that I had a strange dream.”
	“What’s that dream?”
	“Hmm…” Natalia pondered for a while with her brows knitted.
	“Maybe it’s because you were too tired yesterday. Would you like to have some more rest?”
	Natalia shook her head.
	“No thanks. I have to go to the company to deal with something today.”
	Archie didn’t insist on it, “Then get up and go downstairs to have breakfast.”
	“Okay.”
	As the New Year was drawing close, she got more and more things to be dealt with in the company.
	Annie International didn’t have too many affairs to take care of as its artists had all behaved well and didn’t cause too many troubles. So the public relationship department didn’t have too many tasks.
	However, it was another story for the Star Entertainment. Laura had come to the crew and was now shooting ‘The Youth’. Jessica had also lost her role as her scandal was disclosed. After weighing the gains and losses, the director Nathan finally decided to let Victoria play the leading character of ‘Alanna Nelson’.
	Naturally, this increased Jessica’s hatred again.
	Pitifully, she had no choice. Although several days had past and the gossips about the scandal in her school had been suppressed, it had somehow damaged her reputation.
	She lost the opportunity to film ‘The Youth’. What was worst, many brands also cancelled her qualification to be the ambassador of their products.
	Julia had asked her to remain low-key for a month, saying that at least she should keep a low profile until the New Year. After the New Year, there would be a charity party. At that time, since her scandal would be a past, she would try to restore her reputation by doing charities.
	Although Jessica was resentful, she had no choice and could only listen to Julia’s arrangement.
	Some of the artists of the Star Entertainment left the company after Natalia’s notice. The four artists left were all singers. They were good at both singing and dancing and hoped to be idols.
	Natalia wasn’t in a hurry to launch their debut; instead, she hired some professional teachers to improve their singing and dancing.
	She hoped that they would display their skills in the idol reality show after the New Year.
	Time passed under such a busy and boisterous ambience.
	When it was only four days before the New Year, the company finally announced the beginning of the holiday.
	Natalia had announced the arrangement of the holiday in the Star Entertainment in advance, while in the Annie International the arrangement was made on the next day. Before the holiday, Natalia’s colleagues suggested to go out to have a gathering and relax themselves, saying that it could be regarded as a team building activity.
	Natalia agreed and generously said that she would pay the bill. Naturally, the colleagues in her department were cheered up when they heard this.
	At eight o’clock in the evening, after finishing the dinner, they came to a KTV.
Chapter 108 Victoria Asked For Help
	Naturally Natalia also came with them.
	She didn’t have too much interest in activities like this. However, as the head of the department, she couldn’t spoil their moods.
	Therefore, after several glasses of wines, Natalia left the private room for some fresh air.
	The KTV was selected by a staff in the department. The decoration and furniture here were all quite unique.
	Outside the private room was a winding corridor and outside the corridor was a garden and a lawn. With some well-arranged buildings, it looked like a private holiday village.
	Standing on the winding corridor, Natalia stretched out her arms lazily.
	The breezes in the evenings of winter were chilling. Although Natalia had worn thick down jacket, cold breezes still drilled through the jacket onto her neck.
	Standing there for a while, Natalia thought that she felt much more sober and prepared to go back to the private room.
	Unexpectedly, when she turned around, she saw a familiar figure walking towards her from the other end of the corridor.
	It seemed like Wanda also didn’t expect that she would meet Natalia in this place.
	Both of them were a bit surprised. At the next moments, Wanda smiled politely at Natalia.
	Natalia also slightly nodded her head.
	“What a coincidence. We meet again.”
	“Yep, what a coincidence.”
	Looking at Wanda, Natalia suddenly thought of something and smiled.
	“As far as I know, Miss Kawn, you’ve been staying in Eqitin all the time. What brings you to Julio now?”
	Wanda’s fingertips shivered slightly.
	She then curled her lips into a gentle smile.
	“I come here to deal with a matter. Coincidentally, I bumped into Shawn. Since we were classmates several years ago, we felt so happy meeting each other and therefore I decided to stay here for some more time.”
	Back then, Shawn went to a university in Equitin after graduating from his high school.
	The reason why Natalia knew Wanda was because he often mentioned a Wanda Kawn when having a call with Natalia.
	Although Wanda was a member of the Kawn family in Equitin, her family were already several generations away from the direct line of descent. Therefore, her family was not that powerful.
	Nevertheless, she was brought up well by the family. She was well educated and had good manners. Not to mention her beauty and literacy, her good temper was also known by all.
	Many women in the Equitin had a better family background than Wanda, but few of them were more popular than her.
	Back then, Shawn had complimented this junior schoolmate for so many times when he was having a call with Natalia.
	When thinking of this, a touch of interest flashed across Natalia’s eyes.
	“Since that’s the case, I will not bother you.”
	After finishing the words, Natalia was ready to leave.
	But Wanda suddenly stopped her.
	“Ms. Dawson?”
	“Yes?”
	Wanda pointed at the necklace around Natalia’s neck and said, “Your necklace looks good.”
	Natalia was a bit stunned.
	She wore a white down jacket today and wore a light-colored low-cut sweater under it. Maybe it was because she felt so stuffy just now that she had unintentionally dredged up the necklace which was covered by the cloth in usual times.
	Natalia subconsciously clenched the necklace and slightly pressed her lips together.
	After a short while, she spoke, “Thank you.”
	Wanda chuckled, “It’s such a beautiful thing. You should protect it well.”
	Natalia was a bit stunned.
	However, Wanda seemed to have no intention to continue this topic after finishing the words. She smiled amicably at Natalia and then left.
	Natalia then came back to the private room.
	She was still thinking of the last sentence Wanda said just now as she felt it was so strange.
	Sitting onto the sofa, she pulled down the necklace and studied it carefully under the dim light. Nevertheless, she didn’t find anything special of it.
	This was left to her by her mother. By rights, Wanda shouldn’t have seen this necklace.
	But why did she remind her to protect it out of no reason? What did she mean?
	Natalia furrowed her brows.
	She pondered it for a more while and still couldn’t figure it out.
	…
	When the gathering of the department was over, Natalia also went back. And it was already twelve o’clock in the midnight when she arrived home.
	As Archie was on a business trip in these two days, most of the maids in the house were allowed to go back home for the New Year holiday in advance. However, as Mrs. Dottie’s son was studying abroad and her husband had died long ago, there was no other person in her family. Therefore, she didn’t need to go back home and decided to stay in Julio to spend the New Year together with Natalia.
	Natalia was a bit drunk today. After drinking the sober-up pills sent by Mrs. Dottie, she felt sleepy and went to the bed.
	But her phone suddenly rang.
	Natalia knitted her brows.
	She was so sleepy now and initially she wanted to ignore it, but the ringing tone seemed to have no stop unless she would answer the call.
	Having no choice, Natalia sat up in a trance, pulled her bag and took out her phone from it. She then answered the call.
	“Hello?”
	“Natalia, are you at home?”
	It was Victoria.
	Natalia immediately became sober.
	Victoria’s voice from the other end of the phone was a bit shaking and it even seemed like she was about to cry.
	Natalia’s expression changed dramatically. She hurriedly replied, “I’m here. What’s wrong?”
	“May I live in your home tonight? Is it convenient for you?”
	“It’s convenient. Where’re you? I will come to pick you up.”
	Victoria told her the address.
	Natalia was so anxious that she didn’t ask other questions. After ending the call, she casually took a coat from the hanger and walked towards outside.
	Originally, Mrs. Dottie had planned to go back to her bedroom to have a sleep. When she saw Natalia running downstairs, she was a bit shocked.
	“Mrs. McCarthy, what’s the matter?”
	“Mrs. Dottie, I have to go out now.”
	“Now?”
	“Yes.”
	Natalia paused and then realized that she had drunk some wine tonight and it was inconvenient for her to drive a car. She gave an order, “Call me a driver.”
	Mrs. Dottie was still bewildered. But Natalia didn’t have time to explain it to her.
	Although Victoria was from a noble and rich family, she had always been a strong girl.
	Just now when she was having a call with her, her voice was so weak and shaking. Natalia had never heard such a voice of her over the years.
	Something bad must have happened to her.
	The driver sent Natalia to the address given by Victoria soon.
	It was a five-star hotel. Natalia asked the driver to wait for her downstairs and went upstairs alone.
	When she arrived at the room, she knocked at the door first. However, she didn’t get any reply. Then she gently pushed the door and found that the door was not locked.
	Natalia walked into the room.
	The lights in the room were so dim. The cushions and other decorations were all thrown onto the ground. There were traces of sex from the bathroom to the bedroom. The whole room was in a mess.
	Natalia’s pupils shrank. She walked into the bedroom and found Victoria in a dark corner. She was wounded all over.
	She was sitting on the ground with her head buried in between her knees. Her hair was messy. Although Natalia couldn’t see her, she could sense that she was shivering all over.
	Natalia widened her eyes and gently called her name in disbelief, “Victoria?”
	Victoria looked up at her.
	Initially, her face was so delicate as if it was an artwork of God, but now, her face was full of tears under the dim light.
	There was a red wound around her mouth corner and there were also wounds on her wrists and ankles. It seemed like they had been tied up with something before. There were densely-packed bruises from her neck down her body. She was only wearing a red slip dress which had been torn apart. Natalia could imagine what Victoria had experience without being told.
	Her pupils dilated. Looking at Victoria, Natalia’s expression was became livid due to anger.
	After a long while, she gritted her teeth and said, “I will call the police right away.”
	“No.”
	Victoria stopped her.
	When she spoke, Natalia found that Victoria’s voice was so husky, which was totally different from her voice in usual times.
	Natalia felt her heart wrenched.
	“What the hell had happened? Who did this to you?”
Chapter 109 Live In Your Home For Two Days
	Victoria shook her head.
	“I’m fine. Don’t call the police.”
	She took a deep breath as if she was trying to calm down herself.
	“Natalia, can you help me get my clothes over?”
	Natalia looked at her with complicated emotions.
	She knew that ordinary people would not dare to treat Victoria like this knowing her family background. Moreover, she had bodyguards following her at any time, so no ruffians could get close to her.
	But she looked so miserable now. Natalia thought that there must be some reasons she didn’t want others to know.
	Natalia didn’t say anything else. She turned around to find Victoria’s clothes and then picked them up. She then supported Victoria to the washroom to give her a simple wash and then took her out of this place.
	In the McCarthy Mansion…
	Seeing that Natalia brought a girl back and that she had seen this girl on the TV, Mrs. Dottie became so happy.
	“Mrs. Dottie, this is my friend Victoria Kaur. She will live here in these days. Please prepare some light dishes for us now.”
	“Oh, okay.”
	Natalia supported Victoria into the bedroom.
	“Natalia, I want to take a bath.”
	“Okay.”
	The guest room hadn’t been used before and therefore it had everything she would need.
	Natalia prepared the water for her and asked her to take a bath inside. She then turned around and asked Mrs. Dottie to find a doctor.
	Ever since Natalia moved into the McCarthy Mansion, they hired one more standby female doctor. Although it was almost the New Year, as that female doctor’s home was in Julio, and it was not far away from the McCarthy Mansion, it was convenient for her to come over.
	When Victoria finished the bath, Natalia asked the doctor to give her an examination.
	“She is our doctor. Rest assured. She won’t talk.”
	Natalia explained when noticing Victoria’s vigilant eyes.
	Only then did Victoria feel relieved. The doctor asked her to take off the clothes. Feeling unbearable to see the scene, Natalia turned around and left the room.
	In about ten minutes, the doctor came out and told Natalia that it was over.
	Natalia asked several questions and learned that except for the wounds on her body, Victoria also had some lacerations in her private part. Natalia vaguely knew what was going on in her heart and didn’t ask any other questions. She asked the doctor to prescribe the medicines and then let her leave.
	When she walked into the guest room again, she found that Victoria had put on her clothes. She was leaning against the head of the bed and looking out of the windows dully.
	“What happened? Can you tell me now?”
	“Natalia, I don’t want to talk about this.”
	Her face was a bit pale, her eyes having no focus and her voice so feeble. She looked extremely weak.
	Natalia knitted her brows tightly.
	“I’m so hungry. Do you have anything to eat?”
	It seemed like Victoria had sensed that Natalia was angry, she turned around and smiled weakly at her.
	Although Natalia was a bit annoyed by her suffering in her heart, she still said, “You can still feel hungry. Looks like you won’t die easily.”
	With that being said, she still came downstairs and took the dishes prepared by Mrs. Dottie upstairs.
	Victoria was already exhausted after finishing the dishes.
	Natalia didn’t want to bother her any longer. Moreover, since Victoria didn’t want to mention this matter, she must have her own reasons behind this.
	Therefore, although Natalia still felt somewhat angry, she didn’t say anything else and just asked Victoria to have a rest.
	On the next day…
	It was the Eve of the New Year. Archie gave her a call, telling her that he would come back in the afternoon and accompany her for the New Year.
	Natalia was a bit surprised. Archie told her that he would go back to Eqitin before, so she thought that he would come back to Eqitin for the New Year.
	She had been drifting from place to place homelessly and miserably over the years. Even though she came back to the country later, she didn’t have any family or any friend. Shawn had to come back to the Miller family to celebrate the New Year, so naturally it was impossible for him to stay with her. Therefore, she gradually lost the interest and mood to celebrate the New Year.
	She always thought that living alone was not that bad.
	But now she thought that it was probably a habit.
	Naturally Mrs. Dottie was so happy when she learned that Archie would come back. She prepared several more dishes for the dinner and also prepared a bottle of wine. It was a lively and hearty dinner for the Eve of the New Year.
	Archie arrived home at five in the afternoon.
	When he arrived home, he immediately noticed the shoes at the door and quickly learned that they had a guest.
	As expected, at the next moment, Victoria walked down from the stairs with a glass in her hand.
	“Hello, Mr. McCarthy. We meet again.”
	Archie knitted his brows tightly.
	“Why is she here?”
	He was asking Mrs. Dottie who was standing aside.
	Mrs. Dottie was a bit bewildered.
	“Mr. McCarthy, Ms. Kaur is Mrs. McCarthy’s friend. She will live here for two days.”
	“No way!”
	Just as he had finished the words, Natalia walked out of her bedroom.
	“Why can’t she live here?”
	She walked over, wrapped her arm around Victoria’s arm and raised her brows, “Victoria is my good friend, so I want her to stay here with me for the New Year. She won’t bother you. Why can’t she stay here?”
	Archie’s expression was a bit hideous.
	Natalia knew that this man had a bad impression of Victoria dues to the things that had happened before.
	But now that such a bad thing had happened to Victoria, she couldn’t leave her alone.
	Therefore, she walked to Archie in strides and pulled his cloth.
	She said meekly in a low voice, “She’s my friend. Please show me some face.”
	When had she ever talked to him in such a soft voice?
	And it somehow sounded like she was begging him!
	Archie immediately failed to remain his composure. He took a glance at Natalia and in the end, he said in a cold and intense tone, “Only two days.”
	Victoria sneered, “Rest assured. I will only stay here for two days. Two days later, I will not stay here even though you ask me to stay for more days.”
	After finishing the words, she swaggered back to her room.
	Archie’s face became gloomier.
	Natalia smiled awkwardly and tried to ease his anger.
	“You must be tired after flying for the whole day, right? Hurry up to have a seat. Wait a minute, I will pour some water for you.”
	Victoria had recovered a lot after sleeping for the whole night.
	The wounds were almost all over her body and as she was wearing a high-necked sweater, no one could see the wounds. Therefore, for those who didn’t know what happened, Victoria looked just as the same as she was in usual times except that her face was a bit pale.
	Victoria still refused to tell Natalia about the truth, and Natalia couldn’t do anything to it.
	It was just that Brandon Kaur, the owner of Ambario Prosperities and Victoria’s father, made a phone call to Victoria in the afternoon. Natalia happened to walk past the room and vaguely heard the quarrel from inside the room.
	She guessed that this was the reason why Victoria didn’t want to come back.
	Although she worried about her a lot, she could only put aside this thing in the end.
	Today was the New Year’s Eve. Although fireworks had already been banned in the urban areas, fireworks were allowed in the suburbs.
	After the meal, Natalia wanted to walk around to help digest the food. So Archie brought her to Oak Park in the suburbs to watch the firework show. Victoria, however, could not be bothered to go out and decided to stay in the room for sleeping.
	Natalia and Archie drove there. When they arrived at the destination, they found that there were already many people.
	Archie had booked a table in a revolving restaurant on a high floor, where they could not only watch the firework show but also the endless stream of people and cars on the street in the New Year’s Eve. It would be a unique experience.
	“Mister, Miss, these are the drinks you ordered.”
	A waiter walked over with a tray. Natalia was looking out of the windows and she didn’t pay attention to him.
	When she reached out to take the glass of drink, she suddenly felt something touching her finger tip.
	She was a bit stunned. When she turned her head, her eyes met with the waiter’s meaningful gaze.
	Her expression changed slightly.
	Luckily, Archie was having a call now and he didn’t notice them.
	She hurriedly withdrew her hand. When the waiter left reverently, she still felt that her finger tips were shivering slightly.
	“Wait a minute. I want to use the toilet. I will come back soon.”
	Natalia said to Archie and then stood up.
	She walked all the way to the toilet. She closed the door of the toilet compartment and then finally opened the note in her hand.
	There were only some simple and scratchy words on the note, “Seven, long time no see.”
	Natalia’s expression changed dramatically.
	Was it him?
Chapter 110 Celebrating The New Year Together
	She only came out of the toilet ten minutes later.
	Archie had finished the call and was now waiting for her at the table.
	Natalia took a deep breath to adjust her mood and then walked over.
	“It’s been so long. Are you okay?”
	Natalia shook her head, “I’m fine.”
	The firework show hadn’t begun yet and a violoncellist was playing a melodious song in the restaurant.
	The romantic candle lights around them appeared to be uniquely romantic and touching in such a night scene.
	Archie took a glance at her and smiled, “Mrs. McCarthy, would you like to dance with me?”
	Natalia was a bit stunned.
	The man had already stood up. He walked to her and bent down.
	Looking at the palm in front of her, Natalia was a bit amused while at the same time in a dilemma.
	“Archie, I’m not wearing an evening dress now.”
	“I’m not wearing a business suit either.”
	Regardless of her scruples, he held up her hand and pulled her up from the chair.
	The music played by violoncello was gentle and melodious. The two of them, both in their down jackets, danced trippingly in the space in front of the restaurant. Maybe they had booked the whole floor as there were no other guest this floor. The cold breezes of the winter were held back by the windows and this scene even gave people a warm and securing feeling.
	With her hand being held by Archie, Natalia danced with his tempo. The man’s palm was hot and she could clearly feel the strength behind it.
	Initially, she felt restless after receiving that note, but now, she gradually calmed down herself under such a circumstance.
	“What’s in your mind?”
	Archie suddenly asked.
	Natalia came back to her own sense and hurriedly shook her head.
	“Nothing.”
	Archie looked down meaningfully at her.
	Natalia felt a bit uneasy under his gaze. She slightly turned her head and asked in a low voice, “What’s wrong?”
	“I don’t like to see you being absent-minded.”
	Natalia was a bit stunned.
	At the next moment, the man continued, “It makes me feel like I’m not that charming.”
	Natalia, “…”
	In the end, she couldn’t withstand it any longer and let out a chuckle. She pressed her lips together and said with a smile, “It’s not so. You’re so charming.”
	The man’s eyes lit up.
	“It’s just that I’m not accustomed to this. I haven’t celebrated the New Year seriously for several years. In the past, I would stay in the bedroom along to watch TV or directly go to bed. I’m not used to celebrating the New Year like this.”
	The man’s eyes became more complicated.
	There was a trace of complicated emotion in his unfathomable eyes. Natalia couldn’t tell what it was.
	“Rest assured. I will celebrate every New Year with you in the future. I won’t let you stay at home along to watch TV any longer.”
	Natalia was a bit stunned. She looked up at him and found that the man’s expression was serious. It seemed like he was not joking.
	Her heart softened and she said with a smile, “Thank you.”
	Bang—
	There came a loud sound. A firework suddenly exploded outside, the violoncellist stopped playing the music. He put down the violoncello, walked over and said with a smile, “Mister, Miss, the firework show begins.”
	Archie nodded his head and waved his hand to gesture the violoncellist to leave. He then pulled Natalia to the windows.
	The fireworks were like trees in the sky blooming one by one not far away.
	There were many colors, including blue, yellow, white, purple, green, and so forth. Countless colors of fireworks rocketed up the sky. They intertwined with each other and exploded like the blooming flowers in the end.
	Even Natalia, who had always been used to a quiet life and didn’t like the boisterous scenes at all, was also shocked by such a prosperous scene. She widened her eyes, went closer to the window and exclaimed in a low voice.
	Archie hugged her from behind and laid his head on her shoulder.
	“Is it beautiful?”
	“Yep, it’s beautiful.”
	“If you like it, I can give you a firework show every year.”
	Natalia was a bit stunned.
	She turned around and looked at him in disbelief.
	“You arranged this for me?”
	Archie smiled and nodded his head.
	She didn’t know that although playing fireworks was allowed in the suburbs, normally people would only play some more ordinary fireworks for the festival atmosphere. But tonight’s firework show was so beautiful, and it could even be regarded as a spectacular one.
	Natalia’s heart inexplicably softened.
	She slightly lowered her head. After a short while, she looked up with a pair of red eyes.
	“Thank you.”
	Archie’s heart softened when he saw this.
	“You don’t need to be so courteous with me.”
	He reached out and wiped away the tears round the corners of her eyes and then said in a low voice, “I hope that we can feel as warm and happy as we are every year.”
	Natalia fixed her eyes on him. After a long while, she heavily nodded her head.
	“Okay.”
	The firework show lasted for half an hour.
	When it was finished, it was exactly twelve o’clock in the midnight.
	The New Year’s bell rang. The man embraced her from behind and whispered into her ear, “Honey, happy new year.”
	Natalia’s heart was completely softened. She curled her lips into a smile and said in a low voice, “Happy new year.”
	Right at this moment, in an inconspicuous dark place, a dejected man was standing there.
	Looking at the couple who was hugging with each other affectionally under the fireworks, a trace of indifference and coldness flashed across his eyes.
	A waiter walked over and reminded him, “Sir, we are not opening today. I’m sorry but you can’t enter here.”
	The man turned around and shot an indifferent glance at the waiter.
	The waiter widened his eyes in shock when he saw the man’s face clearly.
	At the next moment, the man turned around and walked towards the outside and soon disappeared in the dark night which had no lights.
	Natalia almost forgot how she came back home.
	When the firework show was over, they decided to come back. She was so sleepy that she fell asleep soon after getting into the car.
	She only woke up in the next morning. Lying on the soft queen-sized bed, she found that the man sleeping beside her was still closing his eyes. His handsome face flashed across the lights of gentleness under the sunshine of the morning. He was still in sound sleep.
	Natalia narrowed her eyes, propped up her body and prepared to get out of the bed. However, just as she moved, the man reached out and pulled her back again.
	“Sleep a little longer.”
	The man’s voice sounded a bit sexy and husky as he just woke up in the morning.
	Natalia chuckled, “It’s late now. I want to have a look at Victoria.”
	“She has left.”
	Natalia was a bit stunned.
	Archie finally opened his eyes. There was a trace of laziness that people always had when they woke up in the morning in his unfathomable eyes.
	With one hand below his head, he said in a flat tone, “She left last night. But you were in sound sleep at that time so she didn’t tell you.”
	“Where did she go?”
	Archie didn’t reply.
	But his eyes were questioning Natalia how he would possibly know about Victoria’s whereabouts.
	Victoria was not his wife, so how would he care about where she was going?
	Natalia then realized that she could not ask him about this. She hurriedly got up from the bed, picked up her phone and then dialed Victoria’s number.
	After a long while, the call finally went through.
	Victoria’s clear voice sounded from the other end of the phone.
	“Natalia, you’ve woken up?”
	“Where did you go?”
	“I came back home.”
	“Back home?”
	“Of course. He’s my father, so I can’t hate him forever, right? Today is the first day of the New Year, so of course I should come back and celebrate the New Year together with my father.”
	Natalia, “…”
	“All right. It’s great as long as you’re fine.”
	“Rest assured. Don’t worry about me. I’m doing quite well. Happy New Year! Let’s stop here now.”
	Natalia chuckled, “Okay, happy New Year!”
	They then ended the call. Natalia heaved a sigh of relief and walked to the bathroom to take a shower.
	On the other side, Victoria put down her phone and looked towards the man who was sitting on the sofa. She immediately pulled a long face.
	“Dad, I won’t marry him. Just forget about it!”
Chapter 111 Luke Died
	With a darkened face, Brandon Kaur patted on the desk violently.
	“Bullshit! You don’t want to marry Mr. Wright. Whom do you want to marry? That gangster? That Peck fellow?”
	Victoria creased her brows.
	She wanted to explain but the slight pang at the bottom of her heart stopped her from speaking it out.
	After a long while, she said in a deep tone, “Don’t worry. I won’t marry him either.”
	He and she could never be together.
	That man hated her to the core. He even disdained to lay a finger on her. How would he be willing to marry her?
	Victoria held back the soreness in her eyes and continued, “I just want to concentrate on acting. I don’t want to think about anything else. Besides, I’m too young to get married right now. Probably several years later.”
	After finishing her words, she turned around and walked upstairs.
	Her attitude literally pissed Brandon off this time.
	He roared towards upstairs, “If I know you meet that Peck bastard again, I’ll break your legs. I dare you to try me if you don’t believe!”
	...
	During the New Year’s holiday, both Archie and Natalia had a few days off.
	They felt quite bored in Julio, so they decided to spend the holiday in a southern city.
	However, an hour right before their departure, they received a call from Eqitin.
	They were told that the old Mr. McCarthy, the grandfather of Archie, was dying. On that morning, he was sent into the emergency room for rescue. It was not certain if he could make it this time or not.
	Archie’s expression changed immediately. They could only delay their holiday plan. Archie immediately went back to Eqitin to check on his grandfather.
	Natalia wasn’t disappointed, though. She didn’t like traveling that much. Besides, it was about Archie’s grandfather, whose health always came first.
	After Archie went back, Natalia felt bored staying at home, so she decided to work.
	Right then, nothing important had happened to artists under Annie International or Star Entertainment. After all, it was during the New Year’s holiday, so everyone kept a low profile.
	Natalia felt happy to have a little spare time for herself, so she found some classic cases in the past to read and to kill her time.
	One afternoon, when she was reading the materials while nestling on the sofa, she received a call from Elsa.
	It was just the third day of the holiday, and they wouldn’t go back to work until two days later.
	She wondered why Elsa called her right then.
	Natalia swiped to answer. Once the call went through, she heard Elsa’s excited voice. “Mrs. McCarthy, do you have time now? Could you come to the company now?”
	Natalia was startled. “What happened?”
	“Something good! A superstar likes our company. He wants to sign the contract with us!”
	Natalia gaped.
	It wasn’t because she had no confidence in her company. However, Star Entertainment had just started up not long ago. It had limited strength. She couldn’t help wondering which superstar was willing to sign a contract with her.
	Although she was doubting, she made a move immediately.
	While walking upstairs to get changed, she asked, “Who is this superstar?”
	“You’ll know it when you come over.”
	Elsa deliberately kept her in suspense and hung up the phone.
	Natalia frowned, feeling quite weird. She didn’t overthink. After getting dressed, she drove to the company.
	It was still during the holiday, so no employees were working there.
	She took the elevator all the way to the sixteenth floor. From afar, she heard Elsa’s delighted voice. She seemed to be receiving the guest.
	Natalia strode over.
	“Mr. Chapman, look, this is the promotion video we made earlier. Although we’re still a small company, we have the investment from Annie International, so we have a certain strength. If you’re willing to sign the contract with our company, I can guarantee with the best resources.”
	A proud voice was heard.
	“Gee! If we lack resources, why would we choose such a shabby company? We can go directly to Annie International instead. Can’t they give the resources to Mr. Chapman?”
	Elsa’s expression was stiffened.
	On the business battlefield, some secrets shouldn’t be exposed. Since the agent had been so straightforward, Elsa could not find a way to continue the negotiation.
	When she was in the dilemma, she heard the crick-crack of the high heels.
	Elsa’s eyes lit up. Immediately, she trotted to the door and sure enough, she saw Natalia.
	“Hi, Natalia. Here you are!”
	Natalia nodded. Casting an expressionless glance aside, she saw the man sitting on the sofa.
	She paused her pace.
	“Natalia, let me introduce – this is Curtis Chapman. Mr. Chapman, this is our boss, Natalia Dawson.”
	The man sitting on the sofa turned around.
	And that was a literally breath-taking face.
	Although Natalia had seen him several times, when she saw him again, she was still stunned.
	He had exquisite, or even impeccable, facial features on his thin and chiseled face. His slightly-messed hair rested on his forehead just above his beautifully slanted eyes. Even he just cast a casual look, his eyes seemed to contain some affection, which would make any woman’s heart hammer.
	Natalia couldn’t help but swallow.
	After a long while, she found her voice finally.
	“Curtis Chapman, why are you here?”
	With a smile, Curtis stood up from the sofa.
	“Hi, Natalia. Nice to see you again.”
	Elsa was shocked.
	“Mrs. McCarthy, do you know each other?”
	Natalia put on a wry smile.
	Of course, they knew each other.
	However, if she could choose again, she’d rather not know this idiot at all.
	She turned around and said to Elsa, “Thanks, Elsa. You may leave now.”
	Elsa was a bit confused.
	Her gaze swept between Natalia and Curtis. Without speaking anything, she walked out obediently.
	Curtis also waved to his agent behind him. “Bob, you can go out and wait for me outside.”
	His agent seemed to be reluctant. But after Curtis cast a firm glance at him, he finally left the room obediently.
	When all of them were gone, Natalia and Curtis were left alone. Natalia took a deep breath, holding her arms.
	“Tell me. Why did you come to me?”
	Curtis raised his eyebrows and cast her a glance.
	He was pretty handsome. As an Asian actor who could be popular worldwide, he certainly had a face that could make countless girls crazy, and people just loved him regardless of their ages.
	Different from the newly manufactured idols, he was pretty professional. He was only in his twenties, but he had already released eight albums. All of them were just global best-sellers and many of the songs in these albums had been greatly popular.
	He was a talented and good-looking superstar. No one could resist his charm.
	However, nobody knew that, when he was not in front of the camera, this good-looking man was also a branch manager of a huge underground racing club.
	“Seven, you are talking to me like talking to a stranger. We used to fight together. I came all the way to you, but why are you treating me like this?”
	As he spoke, Curtis covered his chest with his palm, pretending to be heartbroken.
	Natalia rolled her eyes at him.
	She wasn’t in the mood to talk nonsense with him. She turned around and was about to leave.
	“Tell me or not. Or, I’ll leave now.”
	“Oh! Stop!”
	Curtis pulled her. Under Natalia’s impatient gaze, he put on a solemn look.
	“Luke died.”
	“What?”
	Dragon Club, the biggest underground racing club of Othua, was founded by a man from Ambario in the legend, and most of its members were from Ambario as well.
	When Natalia was abroad, if not just for surviving, she joined them in a strange combination of circumstances.
Chapter 112 Married Woman
	In those three years, her life had a tremendous change. It could be said that joining this club had almost changed her whole life.
	Later, because of some accident, she left the club and went back to Ambario alone.
	In the recent two years, she almost had cut off all means of contact with Dragon Club.
	Except for Mr. K, who was in charge of the underground businesses when he was in the club and had also left Dragon Club earlier, nearly no one knew where she was.
	However, in the past two years, Natalia had been keeping an eye on this club.
	She had noticed that there were a lot of internal conflicts in Dragon Club. However, she was pretty far away from them, so she didn’t know many details.
	Much to her surprise, it turned out to be quite serious.
	If not mistaken, she could remember that Luke was one of Curtis’s students.
	Luke was an orphan. Curtis used to sponsor her to go to school. By accident, he found that she was talented in car racing, so he let her join Dragon Club.
	She was just eighteen or nineteen, still a college student. She had only been in the club for three years. Natalia wondered who on earth wanted to kill her.
	“What on earth happened?”
	Natalia pulled a long face.
	Curtis shook his head.
	“She was murdered. Her body was found in the lake. We haven’t caught the murderer yet.”
	“Have you offended someone?”
	Curtis snorted.
	“We’ve offended a lot of people. Over the years, no one dared to take revenge on us.”
	Natalia quieted down.
	What Curtis said was true.
	Although inside Dragon Club, the conflicts and fights were serious, the members were quite united when they were dealing with outsiders. After so many years of development, it had become deeply rooted and quite powerful. Not many people could afford to offend them, let alone murdering one of them.
	Seeing that Natalia looked annoyed, Curtis smiled.
	“All right. I just want to inform you of the news. She’s my student, not yours. You don’t need to look as if you are in a deep hatred.”
	Curtis rubbed her hair, quite playful and cheeky.
	Natalia glared at him.
	However, she realized that she had already quitted. Although something happened now, she couldn’t do anything to help.
	Hence, she didn’t continue the subject. She asked, “Then tell me. What on earth do you want since you come to me?”
	Curtis raised his eyebrows, looking quite playful. With a smile, he said, “Certainly for supporting your career.”
	“What do you mean?”
	“TSK. You’ve dumped your car racing career and become a businesswoman. As your good friend, I should come back to support you, shouldn’t I? It just happened that I also planned to come back to Ambario for my career recently. I don’t want to make a choice. Please let me work in your company.”
	Natalia looked at him in confusion.
	“Is that all?”
	“Or what?”
	Curtis smiled cheekily. “I know you’ve married Archie McCarthy, and you won’t care much about my little support, but I told myself to follow my heart. Don’t worry. I won’t mind that you are a married woman...”
	Before he finished his words, Natalia violently attacked him with her elbow.
	Curtis had predicted it already. He dodged aside while grinning. He mocked her, “TSK. Why did your ears turn red? I’m just kidding!”
	With a cold look, Natalia asked, “How did you know things about me?”
	“You didn’t hide it intentionally. Is it so difficult to know about them?”
	Natalia thought for a while. She had to admit that his words made sense.
	Although her relationship with Archie wasn’t exposed in public, she didn’t deliberately hide it.
	They had attended a lot of activities together. Those who had paid attention should have known it.
	Curtis had a large network, so it wouldn’t be weird for him to know it.
	She said in a cold tone, “That’s good then. You’d better put away your nasty thoughts. Except for your work, don’t disturb me during the spare time.”
	Curtis smiled meaningfully. “TSK. We had an agreement to not stop until we die. What’s so important you’ve married? You can divorce, anyway!”
	As he spoke, he wanted to touch her again. She grabbed his hand.
	“Behave yourself!”
	Seeing that her face darkened, Curtis didn’t dare to get too far, so he put away his smile.
	“Okay. Give me your answer. Will you sign with my company or not?”
	Natalia snorted slightly.
	“Yes!”
	He was a cash cow coming to her on his own. Of course, she would accept it.
	As she answered, she went out and asked Elsa to get a copy of the contract.
	Curtis stared at her back, and the smile on his face faded away. A deep and complicated light was twinkling in his affectionate eyes.
	Natalia soon came back with a contract.
	“Show it to your agent. Read through all the conditions carefully. You can’t blame me should anything happen.”
	Curtis didn’t call his agent at all. He raised his big hand and signed on it.
	“Not necessary. If you’re willing to set me up truly, I’ll be overjoyed.”
	After going through the procedure, Natalia didn’t stay in the company for a long time.
	She left the following up issues to Elsa and Curtis’s agent. Then she left the company.
	When she walked out, Curtis followed her. With a cheeky smile, he asked, “We haven’t seen each other for a long time. I finally managed to come back from abroad. Why don’t you treat me to a welcome dinner? If not, we can at least have a welcome tea together.”
	Natalia checked the time on her wristwatch and answered expressionlessly, “I’m busy.”
	“TSK. You are so heartless.”
	She suddenly stopped and remembered something. She turned to look at him.
	“Where do you live now?”
	Curtis’s eyes lit up.
	“Why? Do you want to come to my place? That’s awesome. We can have a candlelight dinner and then we can chat overnight...”
	“Enough. You don’t need to tell me. I’ll ask your agent later. Remember, behave yourself when working for me. Don’t get me into any trouble, especially you can’t let me see your tidbits. Otherwise, I’ll teach you a good lesson.”
	Curtis looked as if he would shed tears.
	“Natalia, you should know it – those women all cling to me desperately. You are the only one in my heart. You must believe me.”
	Natalia wasn’t in the mood to talk nonsense with him. After reminding him, she left.
	She was quite surprised that Curtis suddenly came back.
	However, she didn’t overthink. After all, he always did things at his will. Recently, artists all love to develop their career back in Ambario, so it wasn’t weird.
	After arriving home, Natalia received a call from Archie.
	William was aged. During this New Year’s holiday, except for Archie, all other family members went back home with their children.
	It was supposed to be a happy holiday, but his disease broke up all of a sudden. Fortunately, his condition had been stabilized. It was his old disease, which couldn’t be cured completely. The doctor asked him to recover at home and not to be too worried and anxious.
	Natalia could hear that he still hadn’t finished his words, so she asked, “Do you have something to talk to me?”
	“Ehn.” Archie didn’t deny it. After a few seconds, he continued, “Natalia, let’s make our relationship public.”
	Natalia was a bit taken aback.
	Making it public? Should she go back to Eqitin?
	In fact, she didn’t need to worry about anything.
	They had been together for almost half a year. During this period, Archie had been doing very well.
	Although she wasn’t clear what kind of feeling she had for him, she was sure about one thing – she wouldn’t deny spending the rest of her life with him.
	Natalia looked down, pressing her lips.
	After a moment, she answered, “All right. When I finished my mother’s matter. I’ll go back with you.”
Chapter 113 Encounter At Midnight
	On the other end of the line, Archie asked in surprise, “For real?”
	“Yeah, for real.”
	Upon getting the answer he wanted, the man hung up the phone in satisfaction.
	Natalia exhaled. She thought of something and called Mr. K.
	“Hell, Mr. K. How is your investigation going?”
	“I’m still watching. So far I haven’t got any clue yet.”
	Natalia creased her brows.
	She felt somewhat disappointed.
	However, she knew that it had been five years, so the investigation must not be that easy. Hence, she didn’t give any remarks.
	Much to her surprise, Mr. K suddenly asked, “By the way, Natalia, do you have any family or friends in Eqitin?”
	Natalia was taken aback.
	“What do you mean?” she asked.
	“Recently, I found the Dawson family frequently contacted someone from Eqitin and it was not about business. So far I haven’t found the identity of the other party, so I was just asking.”
	Eqitin?
	As far as Natalia knew, before Philip Dawson married her mother, he was just a college student without any money.
	Years ago in Julio, the Hawkins family was the richest in town. They have only one daughter, so they wanted her to marry a live-in husband. Natalia’s grandfather liked Philip’s shrewdness and competence, so he brought him and Natalia’s mother together.
	What happened next was known by the public.
	Philip disguised himself for almost twenty years, deceiving everyone, including his father-in-law and wife. After Natalia’s mother died, he changed the original Hawkins Group to Dawson Group, completely taking over the wealth of the family.
	A lot of people disdained him for what he had done to obtain the wealth.
	Although Philip had some achievements later, it was the best he could do to use the remaining influence of the Hawkins family and developed his company in Julio. Natalia didn’t believe that he could know someone from Eqitin.
	She frowned slightly. After thinking for a moment, she could not think of an answer.
	“I don’t know about it. Does it have anything to do with my mother?”
	“Not quite likely. I just think it’s quite weird. That person always wore a black windbreaker and mask when coming over, usually coming at midnight. If it were for business, why would the person choose to visit at midnight?”
	Natalia slightly shook.
	She also smelt something fishy in this matter.
	She said, “I agree with you. Please continue to keep an eye on them for me. Hopefully, you can find who the person is”
	“Okay, I’ll try my best. The person doesn’t look like an ordinary one. I’m afraid it’s not that easy to find out.”
	“Please try your best effort. Thank you so much.”
	After hanging up the phone, Natalia fell into the silence.
	She recalled what Philip had said before – since her mother died, the Dawson family had been declining in Julio. Later, Ambario Prosperities also began to suppress it, so he could never expand his business in Eqitin.
	That was why Natalia didn’t think the person who visited at midnight was for business.
	She wondered what the person’s purpose was.
	She frowned.
	In the evening, she didn’t go back home immediately. Instead, she went to the training studio to check on the trainees who were about to participate in a talent show after the holiday.
	Although it was still a holiday, since the talent show was approaching, the training schedule was quite tight. Hence, none of the trainees had gone home for the holiday.
	Natalia bought them some gifts as reward. She also said a few words of encouragement to them before leaving.
	When she was heading home, it was nine o’clock in the evening.
	It was a cold winter, quite chilly.
	However, there were still a lot of cars and pedestrians on the street, making it more crowded than usual.
	It was the rush hour for people who were going home. There was traffic. While the car moved forward slowly, Natalia felt bored and peered out of the window with one hand supporting it.
	Suddenly, she saw a familiar car not far away in the front of hers.
	It was a champagne Bentley. She was quite familiar with the car plate. If it was not mistaken, it should be Jessica’s car.
	Since the incident of the high school anniversary, Jessica had been quieted down completely.
	In the past half month, she didn’t make any movements.
	Natalia knew that Jessica wanted to lie low until the trouble was over. Unfortunately, even if she had stayed away from the trouble, in the future, this incident would still be the biggest stain in her career.
	Natalia wondered what Jessica was doing here so late at night.
	Her car wasn’t heading towards the Dawson house.
	Of course, it was not on the way to the Miller’s.
	Natalia felt quite confused. Generally speaking, the most important thing Jessica should do was to stay at home, keep a low key, and wait until the trouble was over before taking any actions.
	Now it was almost midnight and she appeared here in the downtown. Natalia thought it would be a suicide should anyone take a photo of her.
	With curiosity, Natalia drove up and followed the car.
	The champagne Bentley was driven along the avenue. When it reached the intersection, suddenly it turned left and went into a lane.
	It was a bit dark in the lane. Natalia was afraid that she would be found, so she kept quite a distance away from it.
	After going through the lane, she followed the car for almost another twenty minutes, only to find the champagne Bentley stopped in front of a townhouse.
	The door of the car was opened. A black figure got off the car in a hurry while lowering her head.
	In the night mist, Natalia could see that person was wearing a black bucket hat. The brim of the hat was so low that the person’s whole face was almost hidden in the shadow.
	With something in her hand, she was heading towards the townhouse quickly while keeping her head down all the time.
	Shortly after, someone came out of the house. Since they were quite far, Natalia couldn’t see that person’s face clearly, but seemingly the person treated Jessica extremely respectfully.
	Natalia frowned.
	Thinking for a long while, she couldn’t find out anyone who could be so respectful to Jessica.
	The person took Jessica inside. After the door was closed, Natalia was sitting in the car. Apparently, she couldn’t just get closer to find out what was going on there.
	After a long while, Jessica still hadn’t come out yet. Natalia didn’t think it was a good idea to continue waiting, so she was about to leave.
	However, right then, she heard a child’s cry.
	Natalia was taken aback for a moment. In the beginning, she thought that she misheard. She opened the car window and listened carefully. Then she confirmed that there was indeed a child’s cry.
	Natalia pulled over her car on the street, which was distant from the townhouse. Along the wide street were all newly planted bushes.
	Natalia got off the car and walked towards the cry. After taking a few steps, she saw a child about three or four sitting on a tree stool, crying sadly.
	Natalia was startled.
	It was completely dark around here, and only the moonlight fell among the spaces of the branches and leaves.
	Since it was so quiet, the child’s cry sounded extremely loud. Under such a circumstance, Natalia felt quite creepy.
	She swallowed.
	Plucking up her courage, she approached the child step by step.
	“Hey, little girl. Are you alright?” she said to the child.
	The little girl sitting on the tree stool turned around, exposing her pretty little face.
	In the dark under the moonlight, Natalia could see that she was wearing a white dress and a pink lint coat. Her hair was slightly curled.
	Her pretty face was half-hidden in the white fur collar of her coat, making her look like a delicate and lovely elf. Natalia couldn’t help liking her as soon as she saw the little girl’s face.
	Her eyes lit up.
Chapter 114 Becoming A Mother
	Right then, the little girl also saw her.
	She blinked her watery eyes, curiosity and alertness were written all over her pretty little face.
	While Natalia was about to say something, suddenly, the little girl yelled, “Mommy!”
	Natalia gaped.
	The next second, the little girl stood up and rushed to her excitedly.
	“Mommy! I’ve finally found you!”
	Natalia was still agape and speechless.
	She wondered what was going on.
	How could she suddenly become a mother at midnight?
	Natalia gaped at the little girl in pink who threw herself in her arms. She finally returned to her senses after a long while.
	“Little girl, I’m not your mommy.”
	“Mommy, I miss you so much! They told me that I can find you here only. I didn’t believe them. Whoa! You are truly here!”
	The little girl seemed to be quite delighted. Her arms were wrapped around Natalia’s leg tightly, unwilling to let go at all.
	Natalia was extremely embarrassed. However, she could understand from the little girl’s words that she came here to find her mother. Probably she had got lost.
	Under such a circumstance, she didn’t know how to explain, so she decided to change the subject.
	Natalia looked around and didn’t find anyone else. She asked, “Are you here alone? Where is your family?”
	“I came out with Grandma, but I got lost. I can’t find my family.”
	Natalia heaved a sigh secretly. It turned out just the same as she had guessed.
	This place had been quite far away from the downtown and was almost the suburbs. She couldn’t help blaming the child’s family for leaving such a little girl here.
	Feeling a bit irritated, she bent over and carried the child in her arms.
	“What’s your name, little girl?”
	“My name is Anne.”
	“Anne, don’t be afraid. Let me take you to the police station. The policeman can help you find your family.”
	The girl looked at her, blinking.
	Her crystal-clear big eyes were full of confusion, looking watery.
	Natalia felt as if her heart was melting.
	“Mommy, are you going to ask the policeman to arrest Grandma?”
	Natalia was taken aback.
	Inwardly, she agreed with it and really wanted to have the irresponsible grandmother arrested.
	However, she knew that it wasn’t possible.
	Judging from the child’s outfit, Natalia could tell that she was from a wealthy family. Probably she just got lost.
	Hence, she shook her head. “Nope. I just want to ask them to help you find your grandpa.”
	“But all the policemen have gone home, right? I’m so tired and sleepy. Mommy, can you take me home. I want to go home and sleep.”
	Natalia was silent.
	She cast a glance at the child in her arms. She could see the sleepiness from Anne’s watery big eyes.
	She didn’t have the heart to say no.
	Hence, she decided to take her to the police station the next day.
	It would just be one night. She decided to take the little girl home. After Anne woke up the next morning, she would take Anne to find her family.
	Thinking of that, Natalia carried the child back to her car.
	Then she headed back to McCarthy Mansion.
	Mrs. Dottie took a day off today. Other servants hadn’t come back to work because of the holiday. Hence, Natalia was the only one at home.
	She carried the little girl to the guestroom. Since she had come to a new place, Anne was curious about everything. She looked around and touched everything, her pretty eyes full of delight.
	“Mommy, is this your house? Your house is so beautiful!”
	Natalia corrected her with a smile. “I’m not your mommy. You can call me auntie.”
	Anne looked at her in a grievance.
	“But, you are really my mommy—”
	Natalia was taken aback.
	Looking at Anne’s slightly reddened eyes in a grievance, she felt a sharp pang in her heart as if it was stung for some reason.
	She couldn’t understand why she had such a feeling. It was the first time she met Anne, but faintly, she felt quite familiar with her as if they had met long ago.
	Natalia heaved a sigh.
	She didn’t have the heart to correct the little girl again. Squatting down, she looked at Anne and said tenderly, “Okay. It’s quite late now. This is your room. You should go to bed now.”
	Anne nodded obediently.
	“Mommy, will you sleep with me?”
	Natalia hesitated for a moment.
	She had never taken care of a child before. However, this girl was so young, so she couldn't rest assured to let her sleep alone.
	Natalia nodded. “Sure.”
	Seeing she agreed, Anne looked extremely excited.
	Immediately, she pulled Natalia to lie down. She said, “Mommy, could you tell me a bedtime story?”
	Natalia was stunned.
	Telling a bed story?
	She didn’t think she could do it.
	Natalia wanted to refuse, but when meeting the little girl’s expectant and watery eyes, she didn’t have the heart to turn Anne down.
	In the end, she bit the bullets and nodded in agreement. “Okay!”
	“Yeah! I want to hear the story of the Snow Queen.”
	“Uh... Okay.”
	Fortunately, Natalia had seen this cartoon by accident. Although she couldn’t remember the full story, she recalled and made some parts up while telling.
	Time passed. Shortly after, Anne fell asleep.
	Natalia stopped telling the story. Looking at the child’s peaceful sleeping face, she finally breathed a sigh of relief.
	That night, the child slept quite soundly. Natalia, however, couldn’t fall asleep at all after lying on the bed for several hours.
	Until the second half of the night and it was almost dawn, she finally fell asleep.
	On the second morning, Natalia and Anne had breakfast. Then they went to the police station.
	The little girl was quite sensible. She knew that Natalia was helping her find her family, so she didn’t make any trouble on the way.
	When they arrived at the police station, after the police heard that Anne was found last night, they recalled a report of a child missing last night. Immediately, they contacted the other party.
	Natalia was sitting on the bench with Anne, waiting for her family. Shortly after, a gray-haired granny trotted over.
	“Anne!”
	“Grandma!”
	The little girl looked delighted. Jumping off the bench, she trotted to the granny.
	The old and the child hugged each other, and Natalia was finally sure that the granny was Anne’s family. She breathed a sigh of relief.
	“Excuse me, Miss. Did you find our Anne?” the granny asked Natalia.
	Natalia nodded. After a pause, she couldn’t help but say, “Anne is so young. You are too careless. How could you leave her in that kind of place? What if something happened to her?”
	Although she was scolded by Natalia, the granny wasn’t angry. She nodded with a smile.
	“Yes. Yes. We’ll pay attention next time.”
	Natalia couldn’t blame her more. After all, Anne was their child. She could tell that Anne and the granny got along very well. Natalia was just an outsider. She had been nosy when blaming the granny. If she insisted, Natalia would be too unreasonable.
	Hence, after signing the statement, Natalia was about to leave. However, the granny stopped her.
	“Wait, Miss. You’ve helped us this time. This is a small gift. Please do accept it.”
	The granny pulled out an envelope. Without opening it, from the shape, Natalia knew what was in there.
Chapter 115 Brand Fashion Show
	Natalia frowned, looking a bit annoyed.
	“No, thanks. It was just a lift of a finger. Please keep it to yourself.”
	She helped Anne because she felt that they had fate. She liked Anne at the first sight. It wasn’t for money.
	The granny’s eyes lit up subtly.
	She didn’t insist. With a smile, she said, “If that’s the case, I won’t insist. Thank you so much, Miss.”
	Natalia nodded and was about to leave.
	Anne suddenly tugged her sleeve.
	Natalia looked down, only to find the little girl had raised her pinky tender face to look at her, full of innocence and cuteness.
	Natalia, who was a bit upset, suddenly became delighted. With a softened heart, she squatted down and asked gently, “Anne, anything else?”
	“Mommy, will we meet again in the future?”
	Natalia smiled
	It seemed that not only was she reluctant to leave Anne, but also Anne was reluctant to leave her.
	However, she didn’t think they would have a chance to meet in the future.
	She didn’t have the heart to tell Anne about it. Reaching out to rub the little girl’s head, she said, “If we have fate, we will.”
	“Could I have your phone number, please? If I have time, may I call you?”
	Natalia was stunned.
	Seeing that, the granny hurriedly echoed, “Yes. Yes. I can see Anne likes you a lot. Please leave us your phone number. If she misses you, she can call you.”
	Natalia thought for a moment and agreed.
	She told the little girl her phone number.
	Anne matter-of-factly saved her number in her grandmother’s cell phone as “Mommy”. When Natalia saw it, her eye corners twitched.
	It turned out the little girl truly believed that she was her mother.
	Natalia wondered what Anne’s mother would think when seeing it.
	However, Natalia didn’t try to correct her. After all, she had repeated several times that she wasn’t her mother last night, but the little girl didn’t correct it. Hence, she did not expect she should make it right now.
	After leaving the cell phone number and seeing the granny and Anne off, Natalia drove to her company.
	On the other side, the little girl and the granny watched Natalia’s car leave, looking quite excited.
	“Grandma, I truly had found my mommy. She’s really my mommy!”
	The granny said with a smile, “Congratulations, Anne! Did you get along well with Mommy last night?”
	Anne nodded hard. “Yeah. Mommy’s embrace is so soft and fragrant. She also told me a bed story. Her voice is so nice. I don’t want to be separated from Mommy.”
	The granny nodded. “I’ve tested her just now. She’s indeed a nice woman. No worries. When your daddy comes home, you won’t be separated anymore.”
	Hearing what she said, the little girl frowned.
	“But, Daddy didn’t know that we’ve sneaked out. If he knows it, will he forgive me?”
	The granny cast her a glance and smiled meaningfully.
	“He will. Don’t worry.”
	...
	On that night, Archie went back to Julio.
	The servants also gradually came back to work after the holiday.
	The next morning, employees would have to go back to work, and everything would just go back to normal.
	At the beginning of the year, Natalia had become bustle and hustle.
	The talent show that the artists of Star Entertainment participated in had officially started online. Before that, to increase their exposure, Natalia also let them participate in a fashion show.
	The fashion show would be held by several A-listed domestic designers. Generally speaking, the new artists shouldn’t be qualified to join such a fashion show but Natalia managed to find several seats for them.
	The sponsor of the fashion show was Annie International. As a partner company, Star Entertainment was also behind the show.
	Besides the artists who were originally in her company, there was also Curtis, who just returned to the country.
	The major brand of this fashion show was U. MAX, with who Curtis had an endorsement contract.
	Since Curtis had come back to Ambario and his image also matched the branch’s strategy to aim at the market of the younger generation in Ambario, Curtis was the most important guest of the show.
	In the afternoon the following day.
	U.MAX officially held their spring release event in Times Mall,.
	When they knew that Curtis would also participate in the show, the entertainment industry and his fans in Ambario went excited.
	After all, Curtis had been developing overseas. Although he had a lot of fans in Ambario as well, he didn’t have many activities domestically.
	Besides, since they had kept it a secret, so few people knew he had returned to the country. And now, all of a sudden, it was announced that he would attend the fashion show.
	It wasn’t until then did someone find from hearsay that Curtis had come back to Ambario several days ago and that he had signed with a small agency nobody knew, which was also one of the partner companies of the fashion show – Star Entertainment.
	Instantly, different news about Curtis overwhelmed the social media platforms with all kinds of discussions.
	Everyone checked on this Star Entertainment for more details. They wondered why their idol liked the company so much.
	However, much to their surprise, Start Entertainment was exactly the company that had been quite famous ten years ago. But over the years, the company had declined gradually and was on the verge of bankruptcy. Recently it was even acquired by someone.
	They also found that there were only less than ten artists in this company. Except for Laura Davies who was a bit famous, the rest were at best just trainees.
	It wasn’t some big, famous agency at all, not to mention its resources.
	They wondered why Curtis had chosen to sign with Star Entertainment. Was he ruining his own career by doing so?
	His fans couldn’t remain calm any longer, raising an uproar on the social media platforms.
	On the other side, Jessica also heard of it.
	Recently, she dared not to show up in public, nor did she contact Julia. Suddenly, when she heard the news, she thought it was a rumor.
	She didn’t confirm it until she had called Julia.
	Jessica gritted her teeth in anger.
	She knew Natalia was in charge of Star Entertainment. She wanted to see how Natalia made fun of herself, but much to her surprise, Natalia had sighed with Curtis Chapman.
	Curtis was truly the cash cow. Every agency just craved for him.
	Even Julia was quite angry.
	Julia had been in the entertainment business for many years and had a large network. Earlier, she heard her friend abroad say that Curtis had a plan to develop his career back in Ambario.
	Originally, Julia wanted to take this chance to make him sign with Century Entertainment so that Century Entertainment would have the strength to be against Annie International.
	Unexpectedly, before she made the move, Curtis had signed with Natalia.
	Julia disdained Star Entertainment a lot.
	She wondered if Curtis signed with it simply for charity.
	Julia couldn’t figure out what was in Curtis’s mind. Once she thought about it, she had a migraine.
	However, Julia could do nothing. Curtis had already signed the contract, so she couldn’t grab Curtis over. She decided to concentrate on what’s in her hands for the time being.
	At the thought of it, she asked Jessica, “Have you prepared what I have told you?”
	Jessica hummed. “No worries. I’ve prepared everything. There should be no problem.”
	“Okay. Remember, this is the only chance that you could turn the tables around. You can’t make any mistakes. Understand?”
	“I got it. With the help from those people in Eqitin, I’m sure Natalia can’t stop me from my comeback no matter how powerful she was. Besides...”
	Looking out the traffic outside the window, she sneered.
	“Her doomsday is coming. By then, I’ll smile and watch her turn into a disowned dog and kneel to beg me!”
	Upon hearing her words, Julia seemed to also think of something.
	With a sneer, she said, “I truly look forward to that day!”
Chapter 116 Back To The Dawson House Again
	Natalia was busy today.
	She had made preparations for the launch in advance, but she knew how important such an event could be for a new brand making its debut.
	Moreover, the brand had decided to use some new models in this show. She must do a lot of extra work in advance just in case. It could be easily imagined how busy and complicated that would be.
	Therefore, Natalia couldn't help getting nervous.
	But she could always control her emotions. However nervous she was, she looked just at ease.
	When the show was about to begin, she went to comfort the models and have a chat with the designer.
	The designs of U.MAX were known for their mix and match style and their focus on the younger generation. The main target of the brand was people aged eighteen to thirty, the group of people who had the strongest spending power for fashion products.
	This time, the models would wear ten of their flagship items and a score of other items in the show.
	Only after Natalia had checked on the designer clothes her artists were about to wear did she feel relieved.
	The launch began at two in the afternoon.
	With the lights on and the music played, the models showed their runway walk.
	Under the dreamlike lights, the models in good shape walked out one by one. Every item on them looked elegant and graceful.
	As a superstar and the brand ambassador, Curtis was the last one to come on the stage.
	He was wearing a leather jacket, looking casual and handsome.
	Plenty of his fans were present and waves of purple bulbs had already flooded around the stage supporting their idol. When he came out, screams and cheers went up from the crowd.
	Natalie looked at it behind the stage and curled her lips.
	Then there was an organizer who came to talk to her, "Miss Dawson, you can even sign with a superstar like Curtis. I am a bit envious."
	He was the senior manager of Annie International and they sometimes worked together, so he was no stranger to Natalie.
	Natalie smiled and said, "I am just lucky."
	Nobody knew that Curtis and she were old friends.
	They just thought that Natalie was lucky enough to sign with Curtis.
	Even so, it would be more than enough to get plenty of people envious.
	As they continued talking, Natalie's phone buzzed a few times.
	She looked down and took a glimpse at the screen and her gaze turned cold.
	As Natalie's phone rang, the manager waved goodbye to Natalie and got down to his own business.
	Natalie answered the phone with a cold expression.
	"Where are you?"
	When Natalie picked up the phone, she heard a very powerful and bossy voice of an old woman.
	Natalie sneered, "What's up?"
	"We'll have a guest tonight. You should come home."
	Natalie frowned.
	A guest?
	Did it have anything to do with her?
	The relations between her and her family had been very tense since their last fight. What kind of guest were they having and they needed her to be there?
	She refused without hesitation, "I am busy."
	"Natalie, now you have hooked up with Mr. McCarthy, and you dare to refuse to listen to my words. Anyway, I am your grandmother. You're a member of the Dawson family. I can let you do whatever you like to do in the outside, but what you've done recently has damaged the reputation of the Dawson family. I can't let you do it at will, so you must come back tonight!"
	Natalie frowned.
	"What are you talking about? Damaging the reputation of the Dawson family?"
	"I'll tell you when you come back. Now is not a good time."
	Natalie paused for a moment.
	Natalie suddenly thought about the place where she tailed after Jessica. She rolled her eyes and replied, "I see."
	After hanging up the phone, Natalie sent a text message to Archie.
	She told him that she couldn't go back home for dinner and might come back late.
	Unexpectedly, as soon as the message was sent, her mobile phone rang.
	Natalie was slightly astonished and answered the phone.
	The man's low and sexy voice came from the other end.
	"You are going to meet your family?"
	Natalie said yes.
	"Do I need to keep you company?"
	"No need. I can go back myself."
	"..."
	Archie was silent for a while and didn't push in.
	He was better than anyone that Natalie was a tough woman.
	However, he still reminded her, "Be safe and call me if anything happens to you."
	"Well, got it."
	...
	At six in the evening.
	She called it a day and went to the Dawson family by car.
	As soon as she got off the car, she saw a black Bentley parked not far away.
	She was somewhat surprised.
	Natalie had never seen anyone in the Dawson family drive such a car.
	There seemed to be a guest in the villa.
	She gazed at the villa, deliberating, strode out and walked into it.
	"Miss Natalie, welcome back."
	It was David that opened the door. He kept smiling when he saw Natalie.
	Natalie had no idea whether David was sincere or not. However, David was the only one that would smile at her in the Dawson family.
	She didn't reply but put on a faint smiled and nodded.
	"They are waiting for you in the living room!"
	"Alright."
	Natalie put on her slippers and walked into the living room.
	As expected, not only Clara, Philip and Aleena, but a fat middle-aged man was there.
	Natalie knew that man, a partner of Dawson Group, named Randy Kruf.
	He had wide contacts. He did well in both underworld and the business field. His connections reached both the authority and the underworld.
	It was said that he got married once. His wife couldn't stand being tortured and committed suicide jumping off a building.
	Natalie didn't know if it was the fact, but she didn't think it further. She walked in and greeted them.
	"Grandma, Dad."
	Natalie ignored Aleena.
	A hint of embarrassment flashed across her face. Aleena stood up and said with a smile, "You talk. I go to the kitchen to check on the dinner."
	Clara didn't blame Natalie for showing no respect as usual but nodded.
	"Go ahead. By the way, call Jessica and Shawn and asked them when they could come back."
	"Yes."
	After Aleena left, Natalie walked to the other side of the sofa and sat down.
	"Why do you call me back?"
	Clara fixed her gaze on Natalie.
	Looking at the delicate and cold look, and her good figure, Clara had mixed feelings in her heart.
	To be honest, Natalie was more beautiful than Jessica.
	If Natalie played her part well, she could help the Dawson family go further and became more prosperous.
	However, Natalie had such a quirky mother, who had made her so headstrong and willful since she was still young.
	And for what happened last time they met, Clara hated Natalia to the core now.
Chapter 117 Introduce A Man
	Since Natalie was not dutiful at all, as her grandma, she didn't have to be kind and merciful.
	Thinking about it, Clara said, "Haven't you seen a man sitting here? You don't know him? Why don't you greet him?"
	Natalia frowned.
	She was never engaged in the family's business, so she didn't know that man, nor did she think it necessary to greet him.
	She looked at the man staring at her with a gentle smile.
	In the end, she didn’t want to make Clara embarrassed in front of an outsider, "Mr. Kruf."
	"Don't be so serious. I am just a few years older than you, you can call me Randy."
	This Randy then put on a kind smile and tried to please Natalie.
	Natalia was lost for words.
	A few years older than her?
	He should be ten years older than her or more.
	If she remembered correctly, Randy was nearly forty years old!
	Did he just shave off his beard and have his hair dyed and think he was merely in his early twenties? How could he be so brazen-faced?.
	But she neither put it blunt nor literally called him by his name. She just looked at Clara.
	"I've something else to do tonight. Please be brief."
	Clara said in a deep voice, "Why are you in such a hurry? I call you back for dinner. The dinner is not yet prepared but you are in a hurry to leave. Ridiculous."
	After that, Clara turned around and said with a smile. "Mr. Kruf, I am sorry. Natalie is just a spoiled girl. Please do not have hard feelings."
	Randy laughed and said, "I don't mind. I love the straightforwardness of Miss Natalie."
	Natalie frowned and felt something different from their conversation.
	Just then, a sweet voice came from outside.
	"Grandma, whose car is that? Is there a guest at home?"
	Then, Jessica walked in the villa with Shawn, linking her arms with his.
	Natalie's gaze turned cold when she saw Jessica.
	But Jessica pretended to be quite happy.
	"Natalie, I'm glad that you're here!"
	With that, Jessica let go of Shawn and ran over with a pleasing look.
	Then she saw the man on the sofa.
	"Who is he?"
	Clara kept smiling at the sight of Jessica.
	Then she introduced Mr. Kruf to Jessica. "This is Mr. Kruf. He is the owner of Julio Commerce. He has helped the Dawson family a lot. You can call him Randy."
	Hearing that, Jessica said with a smile, "Randy."
	Randy smiled and said, "I've heard your story long before. You're just as gorgeous as I had imagined. I'm glad to see you."
	With that, he stood up and shook hands with Jessica.
	Randy turned surprised as he looked at Shawn.
	"You must be Mr. Miller, right?"
	Shawn nodded, "Yes."
	"I didn’t expect to meet you here. I am so glad."
	Shawn didn't like this fatty man who had tried his best to please others, but he nodded his head slightly for the sake of the Dawson family.
	"You too."
	Just then, Aleena came out and asked them to go to the dining room as the dinner was ready.
	They stood up and walked to the dining room.
	Natalie didn’t move until they were all gone, as she didn't want to walk side by side with them. However, Randy slowed down as well as if on purpose.
	He sneaked a peek at Natalie, found the woman was just as unapproachable as a snow-covered high mountain, and an unworldly aloofness was emanating from her whole being.
	Her disposition made her already delicate face even more attractive, and he could not wait to rip her aloof pretense off and ravage her fiercely under his body.
	When he thought that, his gaze went more and more passionate.
	He put on a flattering smile, "Miss Natalie, you don't live here but live alone?"
	Natalie looked straight and ignored him without even throwing a glance.
	Sensing the weird gaze of the man, she finally came to realize that Clara had asked her back for selling her out.
	But... Clara wanted to establish contacts with Archie through her, didn't she?
	Since Clara knew the relations between her and Archie, why did Clara introduce her to other men? Did she go crazy?
	Natalie frowned and was confused about what Clara wanted to do.
	Randy put on a sinister look after he was ignored.
	However, the next second, he put on his disguise and his gentle and ingratiating smile came back to his face in just a second.
	"You don't have to be so cautious. You must have understood what your grandmother thought. I always respect women. If you don't agree, no one can force you. Even if we can't be together, we can make friends, right?"
	Hearing that, Natalie finally glanced at him.
	She curled her lips with a faint mocking look.
	"It's good that you know that. We just take it as a small dinner party and we won’t disturb each other in the future. What's your opinion?"
	Though he had sensed that Natalie wasn't into him, he looked a bit embarrassed when hearing that.
	He gritted his teeth and said with a rigid smile, "Natalie, you don't think it twice? Clara introduces me to you because she knows me well and thinks we are a good match. Though you are quite good in any way, it's difficult for you to get married into a truly wealthy and influential family."
	"I am not that rich and powerful, but at least people know my name in Julio. Even the Miller family and the Kaur family need to show respect for me or ask me for support. You don’t lose anything if you marry me.”
	Natalie smiled.
	"So, you think I should agree now?"
	"I don't mean that. I understand your worries. It must be a major decision for girls to choose a good husband, so you should consider it.”
	“I just hope that you don't refuse me without hesitation. You know my past. I have an ex-wife, but she has died and I have no child.”
	“As for you, Miss Dawson, you can never escape the past. Now, few people know your past and you still maintain a good reputation. Once they know that, do you know the consequences?"
	He paused, looked at her as if implying something and added, "Natalie, to be honest, we are indeed a good match and he's not right for you. You'd better let it go."
	Natalie was speechless.
	She had never seen such a bold-faced man before.
	A good match?
	Was this some kind of joke?
Chapter 118 Sell Her Out
	He was not right for her?
	Who did Randy even refer to? Shawn or Archie?
	She was amused and didn't bother herself to continue the dialogue but sped up.
	Randy also quickened to catch up with her, and he held Natalie's wrist to support her when they entered the dining room.
	"Natalie, be careful."
	Natalie subconsciously pulled her hand back and glared at Randy.
	She was quite familiar with the path from the living room to the dining room. Though she had not lived here for several years, she wouldn't stumble that easily.
	That man did it on purpose.
	He flirted with her to show they were on intimate terms.
	As expected, Jessica's laughter came from the dining room.
	"Well, we wait for you for a while. It turns out that you two stayed behind on purpose. Randy, my sister is gentle and soft. You can't bully her."
	Randy smiled and said, "No, Natalie is so beautiful that I just can't love her enough. How can I bully her?"
	Looking at it, Clara was apparently pleased.
	She nodded in satisfaction, "It's good that you take a fancy to each other. Come here and sit down!"
	Randy turned around and said to Natalie with a smile, "Natalie, let's go over."
	Natalie frowned.
	She felt so disgusted that she wanted to vomit.
	When Natalie stood still, Aleena stood up hurriedly.
	"Natalie, come to sit next to Jessica."
	Aleena seemed to be considerate enough to help her out. However, Shawn was on Jessica's left side. If she did sit next to Jessica, she would be very embarrassed.
	To watch how they loved each other at a close distance?
	Maybe they didn't find it awkward, but she felt disgusted.
	Natalie said nothing but strode out to sat to the right of Philip.
	Aleena sat there before. After she stood up, the seat was available.
	Natalia looked at Aleena and said with a faint smile, "Aleena, you should have no objection to me sitting here."
	The smile on Aleena's face froze.
	Clara put on a sullen look.
	"Natalia! That's Aleena's position.
	Natalie said lightly, "My mom used to sit here. I miss her, so I want to sit here for a while. Can’t I?"
	Clara was fuming with anger.
	Philip was unhappy, too.
	Since her mother died, Natalie had changed a lot. Every time they met, she would mock or ridicule him to enrage him.
	With her sitting beside him, it meant that he wouldn't finish this meal peacefully.
	Thinking of that, Philip put on a long face and said, "Natalie, sit there. Here is Aleena's seat."
	Natalie insisted, "It's my mother's seat."
	"You!"
	Aleena came to mitigate the tensions.
	"Forget it. It's just a seat. It's what Natalie want. Just let her sit there. I can sit here."
	With that, she sat at the other end with an aggrieved look.
	Aleena seemed to give in, but the whole table stared at Natalie in dissatisfaction because of Aleena's words. Even Randy, who had taken a fancy to Natalie, couldn't help frowning.
	He had heard how willful Natalie was before. He just thought it a rumor. Now it seemed to be true.
	Aleena was her elder. Though she was Natalie's stepmother, she was very nice with Natalie.
	However, Natalie forgot herself and returned evil for good.
	Even so, looking at the cool and unworldly face of Natalie, Randy just couldn't suppress his desire.
	Well, he didn't mind that she was arrogant.
	She was like a wild cat that had showed its teeth. He loved that. He could feel more successful than conquering a gentle woman.
	Thinking of that, he smiled and said, "I didn't want to make Mrs. Dawson feel wronged. Since Natalie was unwilling to sit with me, I'd better sit at the end of the table. Mrs. Dawson, you may sit back."
	Hearing that, Aleena was somewhat embarrassed, and gave Randy an apologetic and awkward smile.
	"Randy, thank you so much. It’s really quite embarrassing."
	"Never mind. Natalie is straightforward. I like such kind of girl."
	"It's good that you like her."
	Aleena seemed to breathe a sigh of relief and turned her gaze at Natalie.
	Natalie remained a cold look. Regardless of what she thought, they discussed her as if she was just something they were about to sell.
	She put on a cold smile as she had never expected Clara to be so shameless.
	What was Clara doing?
	Pimping her granddaughter out?
	Selling her granddaughter out?
	She came to realize that Clara must have heard some rumors and thought the relation between her and Archie was unreliable. Therefore, Clara asked her back to see other people.
	She lowered her head and laughed as if she had thought of something.
	Clara happened to ask her, "Natalie, I heard that Archie didn’t take you when he went back to Eqitin?"
	Natalie answered faintly.
	Clara was gloating, "As expected, he is not right for you. Luckily, you are young. It's easy for you to find someone better."
	Randy echoed.
	"Yes, you are so young and beautiful. So many people like you. You don't have to waste time on unrealistic expectations."
	Natalie threw a glance at him and Clara.
	"Have you heard something?"
	Clara paused.
	Then she mocked, "Since you know that, I can drop the last veil. Archie has a fiancée in Eqitin. He didn't take you back, so you should know what he meant. Natalie, though the Dawson family is not wealthy and influential, it enjoys a good reputation in Julio.”
	“It's your choice to be with whoever you like, but I can't let you be a homewrecker and damage the reputation of the Dawson family. So, you'd better break up with this Archie and get married to a good man. We will still admit you are part of the Dawson family if you do so."
	Natalie looked at Clara with a mocking gaze.
	"There happens to be a homewrecker that wormed her way into my family. You don't bring her to account but come to criticize me?"
	"You!"
	Clara was too angry to refute. Aleena's face reddened with embarrassment.
	"Natalie, how can you say something like that!"
	“I am just being frank. Before you teach me a lesson, you should not make the same mistake yourself, should you?”
	"You—"
	As they were about to quarrel, Jessica came to mitigate the tensions.
	"Dad, Natalie, stop arguing. We still have a guest here."
	They finally realized Randy was still here and stopped going further.
	Jessica turned her gaze at Natalie with a kind smile.
	"Natalie, I know that you have a problem with me and my mom. We can't deny our mistakes or beg for your forgiveness. But our grandma did it totally for your benefit. You can hurt us, but you can't let our grandma down."
Chapter 119 Wedding Date
	Natalie looked at Jessica coldly, "For my benefit?"
	She sneered, "If so, why doesn’t she just introduce Randy to you? After all, you are her favorite granddaughter, aren't you?"
	"Natalie!"
	Philip rebuked in an angry voice.
	"Natalie, I already have Shawn. How could you say that. Our grandma loves you all the time, but you...”
	"Stop it!"
	Clara interrupted Jessica and turned her gaze at Natalie with a cunning look.
	"Just tell me you agree to marry Randy or not."
	Natalie looked at Randy.
	He was staring at her. Even after all the words she just said, he did not flinch.
	It seemed that her relationship with Archie had been explained to Randy.
	Since he was not fear of death, she could fulfill his wish.
	She said softly, "I didn't disagree."
	Clara's eyes brightened. "So you agree?"
	"I can agree, but I need to live here for some time."
	Jessica immediately frowned, "Natalie, don't you have your own place?"
	Natalie looked at her with a half-smile.
	"You think that I am just a fancy woman of Archie, don't you? So, I have to move out anyway."
	"But you have your own house..."
	"So you forbid me moving in? Since that's the case, just forget what I said!"
	While Natalie was speaking, Clara hurriedly said, "I agree!"
	She paused and said in a deep voice, "You are a child of the Dawson family, so you should marry into another family from the Dawson family. It's a deal. No one can raise any objection."
	Jessica was a bit annoyed about the fact that Natalie would move back, but she could not help being excited when she thought Natalie would marry a man like Randy in no time.
	Randy was also excited.
	The woman was harsh on him just now and suddenly agreed to marry him.
	He felt himself so lucky.
	His face flushed with excitement, and he kept rubbing his hands.
	"In that case, let's fix a time!"
	Aleena said, "What a coincidence. My friend named this weekend for her daughter's marriage because it was a good date. But it would be quite a hurry for the preparation."
	"No, we have a week."
	Philip said at once.
	Hearing that, Randy got more excited.
	"It's a little hasty to hold a wedding this weekend, but I can make it. I'll make preparations for it as soon as I get back. I won't make you feel aggrieved anyway."
	Natalie put on a cold smile and said nothing.
	Clara said with a smile, "Sorry to trouble you. A lot of young people favored getting married quickly. When the day for your wedding comes, you will have known each other for a week. It's not hasty at all."
	"Yes." Philip echoed, "Mr. Kruf, if you don't want to wrong Natalie, maybe you can prepare more gifts for the guests."
	After that, Aleena threw Philip a warning look.
	He stopped talking immediately and turned his gaze at Natalie to observe her.
	Natalie, who should be angry or a bit upset, was drinking her soup with a spoon with an indifferent look.
	It was as if what they were talking about had nothing to do with her.
	Philip was a bit stunned.
	Randy smiled, "Sure I'll prepare enough gifts when I go back. I promise I won't let you down."
	Philip came to his senses and smiled happily.
	"Well, let's make a toast for it."
	With that, everyone raised their glasses.
	Jessica said with a smile, "I thought that I would get married before Natalie, but she makes a quick way. I am really happy for you, Natalie. Let me toast you."
	Natalie raised her head and looked at Jessica with a half-smile.
	She did not say anything, but picked up the glass and drank the wine without chinking glasses with Jessica.
	Jessica twitched her mouth. She couldn't suppress her joy and also drank the wine.
	Only Shawn did not raise his glass and frowned tightly.
	"Natalie, have you really decided to get married?"
	He had got a hunch that something was wrong.
	Shawn didn't know Randy well, but he had heard of Randy.
	Randy was very rich but had a rather complicated background. He was related to the underworld. Though Randy looked gentle and polite, he had a vicious character. It could been seen from his ex-wife's death.
	Though Natalie didn't get along well with her family, her family should not introduce her to such a man!
	However, Shawn hadn't married Jessica, so he shouldn't interfere in it as an outsider.
	Though he was puzzled, he couldn't put it blunt.
	So, he could only raise such an ambiguous question.
	Hearing that, Natalie put down the glass and smiled at him.
	There was a touch of redness on her face that set off her fair skin.
	She tilted her head slightly, her cheek resting on her hand. She was smiling, like a budding flower.
	"You care about me so much. Do you still like me?"
	It was suddenly so quiet.
	They were silent and looked at Natalie, astonished.
	Clara frowned.
	"Natalie! What nonsense are you talking about?"
	Natalie pursed her lips, as if she had been drunk.
	"Nothing! Shawn always thought for me. I'm thinking about if he still likes me. Shawn, if I hadn't caught you and Jessica in the bed, would we be together now?"
	Jessica’s expression faded away gradually.
	Shawn put on a long face and said in a cold voice, "Natalie, it's the past. Why bring it up at this time?"
	Only Randy was very astonished.
	Clara only told him that there was something between Natalie and Archie and she was a bit worried since Archie had a fiancée.
	But Clara never told him that Natalie was Shawn's girlfriend before.
	He looked blankly at Natalie, then at Shawn, and asked, "What are you talking about? Mr. Miller, aren't you Miss Jessica's boyfriend? Why..."
	Jessica held back the anger and smiled reluctantly.
	"Sorry, I'm not feeling well, so I’ll go upstairs to rest."
	Then Jessica stood up and hurried to leave.
	Seeing this, Shawn also got up and ran after her.
	"Jessica, wait for me."
	As he left the dining room, he paused and looked back at Natalie.
	"You always mistake kindness for viciousness. I won't mind your business anymore. Watch your back!"
	With that, he left angrily and chased after Jessica.
Chapter 120 Something Wrong With The Water
	Natalie clenched the glass tightly, and her fingers also became bloodless.
	Her nose twitched and her eyes turned bleary red.
	She sneered suddenly.
	Clara could not help but frown when she saw Natalie like this.
	"Natalie has drunk too much. Aleena, please help her upstairs to have a rest."
	Aleena forced a smile and stood up, "OK."
	She came over and helped Natalie up. Natalie did not refuse.
	Natalie didn't want to stay here anymore and felt a bit dizzy.
	She was not a heavy drinker, but she couldn't drink wine. She got drunk easily if she drank red wine.
	Just now, her glass was half full of strong 52% red wine, so it was not surprising that she would get drunk after drinking it.
	With the help of Aleena, Natalie went to the second floor.
	Her previous living room went empty, so Aleena took Natalie to the guest room, helped her to lie down and brought her a glass of water.
	"You lie down here to rest, and call us if you need anything."
	Natalie said nothing. She turned over and turned her back to Aleena.
	Aleena's gaze grew cold as she looked at Natalie's thin back.
	But her voice was still gentle
	"I'll go down."
	Natalie gave a brief reply.
	The door was closed gently and Aleena left.
	She felt very dizzy. The red wine seemed much stronger than what she had ever drunk
	She was afraid that she couldn't go back tonight. She had to tell Archie about it lest he feel worried.
	Thinking about that, she fished out her mobile phone and sent him a message.
	Then she felt at ease, closed her eyes and fell asleep.
	In the dining room downstairs.
	Randy sat in a chair and looked at Clara with a serious look.
	"Mrs. Dawson, shouldn't you explain to me? You said that Natalie had been in love only once. Why was she together with Mr. Miller before?"
	If Natalie was not so beautiful, he wouldn't think about getting married to her since she had an affair with Archie McCarthy.
	Clara was a little embarrassed and forced a smile.
	"It is a long story. I’m being honest with you. Natalie liked Shawn before, but they haven't been together. Natalie went abroad five years ago because she knew Shawn was Jessica's boyfriend and it was impossible for her to be with Shawn."
	Randy sneered.
	"She lived abroad for five years but had been in love only once. Are you kidding me?"
	Clara hurriedly said, "I won't. If you do not believe me, you can check by yourself."
	Hearing what she said, Randy finally nodded in satisfaction.
	"I believe you for the time being, but I need to add one more condition."
	Clara was stunned.
	"What is that?"
	"I don't mind her affair with Mr. Miller or Mr. McCarthy, but I need to check if she is a virgin or not. If she is, I will send someone here to pick her up tomorrow. If not… Huh, I just don’t like women used up by another man. You got me, right?"
	A hint of anger flashed across Clara's face.
	Even if Clara didn't like Natalie, she felt Randy's proposal a humiliation to the Dawson family. After all, Natalia was the child of the Dawson family.
	It was all the fault of Natalia.
	Clara thought that Natalie would have a very good relationship with Archie and wanted the Dawson family to be more prosperous with the help of Archie.
	But unexpectedly, Archie had a fiancée.
	Needless to say, his fiancé must have come from a wealthy and powerful family.
	Clara was not confident about Natalie knowing how cold she had ever been. She didn't believe that Archie was serious about his relations with Natalie.
	Archie just wanted to have an affair with Natalie because of her pretty face, she thought.
	If it was discovered by his fiancée, he would kick away Natalie immediately. Archie's fiancée may even vent her anger on the Dawson family.
	In the end, the Dawson family didn't establish relations with Archie but offended another rich family. It was unworthy at all.
	Thinking of this, Clara put on a more gloomy look.
	Although Randy was rude, he was really wealthy and had a lot of solid contacts.
	Clara would rather seize this opportunity in front of her than have some foolish fantasy.
	Come to think about it, Clara finally calmed down.
	She gritted her teeth and said, "I can agree, but you can't go back on your words."
	Randy immediately laughed after obtaining her consent.
	"Rest assured! I am not such a rogue. I indeed like Miss Natalie. Her face alone is fascinating enough, so I won't go back on my words."
	Hearing that, Clara was finally relieved.
	"I need to make some preparations. Mr. Kruf, you can go to the guest room and get ready for it."
	She said and let the servant take Randy to the guest room.
	...
	Natalie did not sleep soundly.
	Anyone who had ever been drunk would know how dry her mouth was and how thirsty she felt in the midnight.
	She wanted to pour herself some water, but her head was so heavy that she could not manage to get up.
	Sure enough, red wine was not her thing.
	She was lying there, ready to endure it for the night. However, she felt someone came in when she was in a daze.
	She vaguely remembered a maid named Anna were in the charge of these guest rooms.
	She called in a hoarse voice, "Is that Anna? I want some water."
	A soft voice sounded, "Well, I'll get it to you right away."
	In a short time, a cup of warm water was held to Natalie's mouth.
	Anna helped Natalie up, put her against the head of the bed, and said softly, "Miss Natalie, here is the water."
	After several sips, she finally felt better in her throat, so she opened her eyes to smile at Anna.
	Anna was slightly stunned, and a flash of struggle could be seen in her eyes when she saw Natalie's half-drunk smile.
	At last, Anna looked down and said, "You're welcome. Miss Natalie, you drunk too much. Shall I help you to take a bath?"
	People familiar with Natalie knew that Natalie didn't like getting dirty or having weird smell on her body.
	Sure enough, Natalie nodded.
	"Well, thank you."
	Anna helped Natalie up and went to the bathroom.
	Anna had prepared bath water for Natalie and held Natalie into the bathtub. Then she said, "You can take a shower now. Call me when you are done."
	Natalie nodded.
	After Anna went out, Natalie relaxed against the bathtub. Feeling the hot steam around her, she just felt the pores of her body had all stretched.
	Though she felt dizzy, she was not dead drunk, so she could take a bath herself.
	She poured hot water on her body and washed herself up carefully.
	She had no idea if she was too relaxed in the hot water, or she just was too tired after a busy day.
	Halfway through the bath, she felt soft all over and a bit drowsy.
Chapter 121 Something Happened To Her
	There was a slight sound of footsteps from outside.
	She shook her head, thinking it was Anna coming in, and shouted out loud, “Anna, I’m not ready yet. Can you wait for me a while longer outside!”
	After saying that, she braced herself and tried to stand up for a shower.
	However, the tingling sensation coming from her body made her knees go weak, and she nearly fell.
	Natalia’s face turned pale as she snapped awake.
	How could she not know what was going on with this familiar sensation?
	Damn it!
	How could that be?
	She remembered no one had ever touched anything she had eaten this evening. And there was no way something should happen to that cup of wine.
	Could it be…
	She widened her eyes and suddenly remembered the cup of warm water Anna had just given her.
	Her eyes turned freezing cold, and the raging anger was about to explode in her chest.
	So these people just … would never fail to surprise her whenever she decided to go easy with them.
	They had treated her in such an underhand and stupid way repeatedly, thinking she was just a weak cat!
	Natalia bit her tongue hard, and the taste of blood spread in her mouth, temporarily clearing her mind for a few moments.
	Then, she struggled to get out of the bathtub on her hands and knees.
	…
	The sound of footsteps outside grew closer and closer. At the next second, someone opened the bathroom door from the outside.
	Randy Kruf walked in with a lascivious smile on his face, looking around excitedly as he pushed the door open.
	However, the bathroom was empty. The bubble-covered bathtub was still laden with a steaming mist, but the person who should be in there was nowhere to be found.
	He was puzzled and let out a shrill.
	Then, he glanced over the corner of the bathroom, where a pair of slippers could be found under the hem of the curtain, and the curtain seemed to have just moved a little.
	He got it immediately. He walked over and chuckled, rubbing his hands together excitedly.
	“My dear, what are you doing hiding behind the curtain? Come on, let me take a good bath with you! After you’ve bathed, let me sleep with you, okay?”
	His lascivious and nasty words were so disgusting.
	He quickly walked to the curtain. He had his heart in his throat at the thought of a gorgeous naked beauty standing behind it.
	He gripped the corner of the curtain with excitement and said, “Here I am!”
	Then, he opened it with a swish.
	He froze the next moment.
	There was nothing behind the curtain, except for the open window, blowing in chilly breezes.
	His face changed.
	“Damn it! How dare you trick me!”
	He subconsciously thought that Clara was fooling him. He was about to turn around and go down to settle the score with her. However, just then, “Bang!”
	“You—”
	He looked incredulously at the woman standing in front of him, covering the back of his head as he fell limply.
	Natalia sighed in relief, looking at the man lying on the ground.
	She dragged him behind the curtain with great effort and took a rope to tie the man up before she changed her clothes and walked out.
	The bedroom door had been locked up from the outside, and she couldn’t open it after several attempts.
	She had not expected Clara to go this far to prevent her from escaping.
	Natalia furrowed her brows tightly.
	Now that things had come to this point, there was no way to leave. She thought for a while and fished out her mobile phone to call Archie.
	Meanwhile, Archie was eating out at the moment.
	Almost all of the most prestigious noblemen in Eqitin were inside the luxurious private room.
	Though they had come from different backgrounds, politics, army, and business, all of them were just elites, the best of the lot.
	They were all Archie’s best friends and had grown up in the same block.
	At this moment, they were laughing and discussing something.
	Archie sat at the side of the round table and didn’t join their discussion.
	His face was tinged with a slight flush due to the wine he had drunk. But even so, his handsomeness was still unhidden.
	On the contrary, he looked loose and passive because of the alcohol. The way he leaned slightly askew against the back of his chair made him look even more like an aristocrat in the legends.
	A man filled the glass of wine in front of him and said with a smile, “Archie, you are the host this time. We have come all the way here, and you must have a few more drinks with us.”
	The man pouring the wine was called Gordon Rogers, the second son of the Rogers family in Eqitin, who usually liked to gather and have fun. It was his idea for them to gather in Julio this time.
	Archie didn’t refuse. He just smiled, and drank the wine in front of him.
	Seeing this, another man also went forward and filled his glass for him.
	He was the only son of the Bowers family in Eqitin, and his name was Peter Bowers. He was quite close to Archie because his family was doing business too.
	At this moment, he squinted while pouring the wine and said, “Archie, I heard Stephen say that you found a wife in Julio, is that true? How come you didn’t bring her with you tonight?”
	The rest of the group was surprised when they heard this.
	“What? Archie has married?”
	“How is that possible? I don’t believe it!”
	“Neither I. Archie has always been uninterested in women. He would only find a woman when pigs fly!”
	“Hahaha… You guys are so outdated! And I have evidence. If you don’t believe me, ask Archie yourselves.”
	After saying that, everyone looked at Archie curiously.
	Archie smiled. He looked calm and gentler than usual.
	He played with his wine glass with one hand and smiled faintly, “She’s busy today. I’ll bring her out to see you guys some other time.”
	“What the hell? Really?”
	“Gordon, pinch me and see if I’m dreaming or not.”
	“Hiss! Be gentle! It hurts!”
	“It’s all over. It’s such a dumpster fire!” The private room was abuzz, and everyone found it unbelievable.
	After all, Archie was well-known for being ascetic all these years.
	They had never seen any women appear around him despite the fact that he was almost thirty.
	It was rare for him to encounter women even at work.
	Even his secretaries and assistants were all men to avoid certain women with weird intentions.
	At first, people thought he had a secret love, so he deliberately stayed away from these people.
	Later on, after years of watching him, it turned out that he was not in love but just not having any interest in women.
	Gradually, a rumour spread that although Mr. McCarthy was handsome, tall, powerful and stunningly wealthy, he was, unfortunately, a gay man.
	It was such a waste for him to have that gorgeous body that broke every girls’ heart in Ambario.
	It was said that Mr. McCarthy was a real man!
	How could a real man like him go down on a girl? A real man had to fuck a man!
	In short, this matter had been passed on as a joke to this day.
	In addition, everyone knew how much he had spoiled his little test-tube brat, and they felt that Archie disliked women and even hated them so much that he had no hope of having a baby if not in such a way.
	Now, Archie McCarthy, who hated women, had actually had a wife?
Chapter 122 Escape Through The Window
	Not to mention Gordon and the others, even Louis, who had always been calm and reserved, also couldn’t help but feel stunned.
	He held up his gold-rimmed glasses and asked, “Archie, is that true? Or had you deliberately made up such a person just to stop those rumours?”
	Although Louis was not so close to Archie, he was the one who knew Archie’s body the best.
	This was because he was from a doctor family, and his family was so prestigious that it only treated the leading figures of the country.
	As he had a good relationship with Archie and his friends, he would also take care of their health.
	Because of this, he knew very well that Archie was no gay at all.
	Archie was normal in terms of sexual orientation and function!
	As for why he didn’t look for a woman, perhaps there were other reasons.
	Archie gave him a look and smiled faintly, “You’ll know it when you see her next time.”
	Louis gave a start, realizing that this was true, and was interested in it instantly.
	“It seems that Julio was such a good place. You haven’t met any women for decades in Eqitin and in all those countries. But now you have just came back to Julio for less than half a year, you even have a wife. Way to go!”
	Archie laughed, “Don’t be jealous. You won’t find one that way.”
	Louis felt a sharp knife stabbing deeply into his heart.
	Gordon said, “I’m curious to know which family’s daughter will be able to catch your eye. Bring her out next time. I want to have a good look.”
	“As she is your wife, when will you bring her back to Eqitin? Let’s gather together and have a good time!”
	“Yeah. You guys are going back to Eqitin, right?”
	Archie nodded, “Yes. Just some time later!”
	“Alright, we’ll wait for you in Eqitin then.”
	“Why bother? I want to see her tomorrow.”
	“You’re so anxious, Gordon. Hahaha…”
	The atmosphere in the private room was harmonious and cheerful. And just then, Archie’s mobile phone rang.
	Gordon immediately joked, “Could it be your wife urging you to go back?”
	Peter, who was sitting closest to Archie, leaned over and took a glance. And he did see the name on Archie’s phone.
	My Dear Wife.
	“It’s so mushy for using such a lovey-dovey name.”
	Archie snorted, “Can you get one even if you wish for it?”
	Peter was speechless.
	Why did the singleton babble so much?
	Archie ignored them, got up, and walked outside to answer the phone.
	“Natalia, done with your work?”
	His voice was so gentle that nobody had ever seen him being like this before.
	However, the voice coming from the other side wasn’t Natalia’s usually calm and clear voice, but with a hint of anxiety and feebleness.
	“Archie, are you free to come out now?”
	Archie could feel something not right by the way she talked. He knitted his brows.
	“What’s the matter?”
	“I… I’ve been drugged at the Dawson Mansion.”
	Archie’s face turned pale constantly.
	“I’ll be right over.”
	Archie hastily entered the private room, grabbed his clothes and hurriedly headed out, not even having the time to talk to the people inside.
	When the crowd saw that he didn’t look right, they hurriedly stood up too.
	“Archie, what’s wrong?”
	“What happened?”
	Archie’s face was gloomy as he said, “Something happened to Natalia!”
	…
	Natalia didn’t just sit on the bed and wait after making the call.
	She walked over to the window and looked downstairs.
	The Dawson Mansion had three floors in total. The room she was in was on the second floor, which wasn’t too high from the ground.
	She estimated the distance and then went back into the room, attaching the bed sheet to the duvet cover.
	Soon, a long piece of cloth rope was ready.
	Natalia tied one end of the cloth rope to the corner of the bed and the other end to her waist. She then slowly climbed down.
	The kitchen was just below the window, and some maids were washing dishes in there. Natalia stayed in mid-air for a while and then landed on the ground quietly only when they turned back and went out.
	As soon as she landed, she immediately untied the rope and ran outside.
	The Dawson Mansion was in the richest block in the center of the city.
	The block was surrounded by mountains and lakes, with all the landscapes and gardens you would ever expect inside. It was a staggeringly enormous area considering how expensive and scarce the land was.
	Luckily, Natalia had lived here since she was a child and was very familiar with the surroundings.
	Soon, she found the nearest road and ran out.
	It was already late at night, and she didn’t dare to stay around much longer for fear that someone from the Dawson family would find out that something was wrong and chase after her.
	So, as soon as she reached the road, she stumbled to the roadside and hailed a taxi.
	The driver, a middle-aged man with a stout body and whiskers, couldn’t help but be amazed at first sight of her.
	When Natalia came out, she wore her own clothes, but it still couldn’t hide her excellent figure.
	Besides, her face was so pretty and delicate as if it had been drawn by God with the greatest care. Even in front of those celebrities, she did not look even slightly inferior at all.
	He opened the car door for her and asked, “Miss, where are you going?”
	Natalia stumbled on her feet, with her face flushing in a strange way, and rushed into the car.
	“Number 13, Riverside Avenue, McCarthy Mansion.”
	The driver widened his eyes, hearing her words.
	He turned back to look at her again with a lustful look.
	‘The McCarthy Mansion, heh!’
	That was a place where the rich lived.
	Natalia only felt that her body was uncomfortably weak, paying no attention to the driver’s strange look at all.
	After giving the address, she leaned back in her seat and closed her eyes.
	The driver thought she was drunk seeing her like this.
	He smiled and accosted her, “Have you had too much to drink? A girl shouldn’t drink so much when being outside alone! What if you meet a bad guy?”
	Natalia still had her eyes closed and leaned back in the back seat, not saying anything.
	A moment later, her phone rang.
	It was Archie.
	“Natalia, are you alright? Can you still hold on?”
	He raised her hand to cover her forehead and said in a hoarse voice, “I’m out and in a car now.”
	“Where are you now?”
	Natalia tilted her head to look out of the window, “It seems to be near the Rosemary Market! I’ve given the address of McCarthy Mansion, and I should be home soon.”
	The more she said, the more her voice trailed off.
	The drug had taken effect in the end. Even though she had been biting the tip of her tongue and trying to stay awake and sane with the help of the pain, it wasn’t a permanent solution after all.
	On the phone, Archie had heard the abnormality in her voice and said tensely, “Okay. I’ll be right there.”
	Natalia passed out after hanging up the phone.
	Perhaps it was because Clara was in a hurry and was unprepared for the night. The drug that Clara gave her was not really something strong like the one that Katie had given her last time, but an aphrodisiac that could make her drowsy, similar to those used between couples.
Chapter 123 Being Rescued On The Road
	Such a drug would only work when it was used with alcohol and the people who took the drug must be sexually aroused on their own.
	Otherwise, once the effect of the drug wore off, it would just be plain old ecstasy.
	Although it would still make the body feel uncomfortable, it wasn’t as strong as an aphrodisiac.
	Natalia didn’t know the nature of this drug. As she leaned back in the back seat, she only felt that her head had been dizzy and she felt so close to losing her consciousness.
	Her eyelids were getting so heavy, and she couldn’t open them.
	She tried to force herself to wake up several times, but she failed in the end.
	Even if she just wanted to bite the tip of her tongue, her teeth seemed to have lost their strength, and she couldn’t bite at all.
	The driver in front finally noticed that something was wrong with her from the rear-view mirror.
	“Miss, are you alright?”
	Natalia didn’t say anything.
	It wasn’t that she didn’t want to talk, but she really didn’t have the strength to.
	The driver asked again, “You seem to be unwell. Are you sick? How about I send you to the hospital?”
	Natalia remained silent.
	Her consciousness was getting blurred, and her brain seemed to be in a state of chaos.
	Her body was so weak that she couldn’t exert any strength and she began to feel dreamy.
	Even her senses of the surroundings seemed to have become blurred.
	The driver waited for a while but still didn’t get any answer from her.
	When he looked through the rear-view mirror, there was a glint in his eye when he saw that she seemed to have fainted.
	Such a pretty girl could actually be so drunk.
	Could it be that she had been drugged and that was why she looked so terrible and her face flushed like that?
	He had been a taxi driver for many years and had seen all kinds of women.
	Apparently, she was a hussy, he thought, or why was she going to a high-class place like the McCarthy Mansion in the middle of the night like this.
	She was probably a mistress of some rich man. The rich were really good at enjoying themselves. This girl was a beauty that ordinary people could never hope for in their lifetime but could be casually toyed with by the rich.
	His eyes grew more and more lustful as he was thinking of this, especially when he saw Natalia’s fair and delicate legs exposed under the hem of her skirt. A fire was ignited in his heart, and he finally gave up his resistance.
	The car went under a bridge and entered a relatively isolated and deserted road.
	The driver gritted his teeth and pulled up at the roadside finally.
	He got out of the car, walked to the back seat and pulled open the door.
	“Miss, wake up! Wake up!”
	He reached out and patted Natalia’s face.
	However, she was already entirely unconscious with her eyes closed, showing no sign of waking up.
	The eyes of the driver grew dimmer.
	He looked around to make sure no one was around before he got into the car and closed the door.
	…
	Archie drove in the direction of the McCarthy Mansion.
	He didn’t let Gordon and the others follow him and only instructed Brian to find out what had happened at the Dawson family tonight while he drove his car alone along the road to the McCarthy Mansion looking for her.
	However, he could not find anything strange along the way.
	His phone was unanswered when he called her.
	He called back to the mansion, and it was Mrs. Dottie who answered.
	“Sir.”
	“Has Mrs. McCarthy returned?”
	Mrs. Dottie froze for a moment, “No.”
	Archie furrowed as he hung up the phone.
	His car drove over a bridge, and he saw a taxi parked at the roadside from afar.
	Archie didn’t care about it, and his black Maybach quickly drove past.
	However, it didn’t take long before it backed up again.
	His face terribly gloomy, as soon as he parked the car, he got out and walked towards the taxi.
	Inside the taxi, the driver was looking at the unconscious beauty in front of him. He was getting excited and was about to reach out to undress her.
	Just then, there was a knock on the car window from outside.
	The driver was stunned for a moment and unhappily opened the window, growling, “Who the hell?”
	Before he could see who was standing outside the window, he heard a loud bang.
	The car window was smashed to pieces, and countless shattered glass flew inwards.
	The driver screamed out in pain. The next moment, the car door was opened. The driver was pulled out of the car by a great force and thrown onto the ground heavily.
	Archie looked icily at the woman and her now untidy clothes. He then turned back at the driver who had fallen to the ground.
	The taxi driver was not some tough brute after all and had never been into something like this before. He dared to do so only because he saw Natalia had lost her consciousness.
	He knew that he had made a big mistake after being thrown out of the car. He then realized that he had messed with the wrong person when he saw the Maybach parked next to him.
	He quickly knelt and begged for forgiveness.
	“I’m very sorry. I was wrong. I didn’t do anything to her. I just wanted to see if she was alright and wanted to take her to the hospital. I didn’t mean to do anything to her.”
	Archie sneered. His voice sounded just like some cold demon at night.
	“You didn’t mean to do anything to her? Do you think I’m blind?”
	The driver was so scared that he knocked his head on the ground repeatedly and begged for mercy.
	“I’m sorry. I had lost my mind. Please forgive me!”
	“Bang!”
	Archie didn’t bother to listen to his nonsense and kicked the man away, who then dropped heavily on the ground.
	Seeing that he wouldn’t let him go, the driver covered his chest, coughing a few times, before he got up and ran.
	Archie didn’t bother to chase after him. He just took down the taxi’s number plate and fished out the driver’s license from the case in front of the driver’s seat.
	Only then did he return to the back seat, take off his coat, wrap it around Natalia, and carry her out.
	Natalia was somewhat conscious of all this movement.
	Only having a dim consciousness, she still vaguely felt the man’s scent.
	That familiar warm embrace with a hint of faint fragrance that no one else would have except for Archie.
	She hummed softly and wrapped her arms around his neck, “Archie, is that you?”
	The man glanced at her with a gloomy look.
	“I feel so dizzy. It’s so awful!”
	Natalia hummed softly while Archie put her on the passenger seat and fastened her seat belt before saying, “Sit still. We’ll be home soon.”
	Natalia nodded obediently.
	Archie called Brian.
	“Bring a doctor over here at the McCarthy Mansion.”
	As soon as Brian heard this, he knew that Archie had already found Natalia, and he hastily agreed.
	They drove back to the McCarthy Mansion smoothly. Natalia was very quiet on the way back, except for a few times when she almost fell due to her weak body but she was held by Archie quickly.
	The black Maybach stopped at the entrance of the mansion. Mrs. Dottie was worried that something might have happened after Archie’s call. So she had been waiting at the door.
	She hurriedly walked over when seeing him carrying Natalia down from the car.
	“Mister.”
	Natalia buried her face into his chest, and her face flushing red.
	Mrs. Dottie was startled.
	“What’s wrong with Mrs. McCarthy?”
Chapter 124 Making A Fuss At The Company
	Archie said in a deep voice, “It’s alright. Fetch me a basin of hot water over.”
	Mrs. Dottie hurriedly responded, “Okay.”
	After carrying Natalia back to the bedroom, Mrs. Dottie had also brought in the water.
	Archie told her to leave them in the room, then wrung a hot towel and wiped Natalia’s face, hands and body.
	After some examination, Natalia was still unconscious, but she didn’t seem to have suffered any injuries.
	Archie breathed a sigh of relief.
	Not long after, Brian came over with the doctor.
	After some examination, it was found that there was nothing serious. Although she had been drugged, the drug was not strong, nor was it the particularly vicious kind.
	After all, the Dawson family was quite a decent background. So naturally, they wouldn’t keep some vile stuff at home.
	The doctor gave Natalia a shot of antidote and reduced her fever before she left.
	Brian had been waiting in the living room downstairs. After Archie made sure Natalia was alright, he covered her with a blanket and went downstairs.
	“Did you find out what happened at the Dawson Mansion tonight?”
	Brian looked embarrassed when Archie mentioned this.
	He glanced at Archie and said in a deep voice, “The drug was given to Mrs. McCarthy by the old Mrs. Dawson because…”
	Brian told Archie everything that had happened in the Dawson Mansion tonight.
	Archie’s face became even darker and gloomier after hearing the whole incident.
	“Mr. McCarthy, everyone from the Dawson family was present tonight including her father, but they still did this to her. Do you think we should…”
	Archie sneered.
	“I will handle this myself. Now, I have something else I need you to do for me.”
	He said and handed the driver’s license to Brian, “Go check out this company and this person. I don’t want to see them in Julio again in the future.”
	Brian was startled.
	He took the driver’s license to see. Although he didn’t know how this person had offended Mr. McCarthy, he didn’t dare to ask too many questions.
	He answered respectfully, “Okay.”
	Brian then left.
	Mrs. Dottie came over worriedly and said in concern, “Mr. McCarthy, is Mrs. McCarthy all right?”
	“She’s fine.”
	Archie turned around and went upstairs. Just as he stepped onto the steps, he halted.
	“Make a cup of honey water and bring it to me.”
	“Yes, Mr. McCarthy.”
	Natalia was already awake when he returned to the bedroom again.
	The antidote the doctor had given her was effective. She was already awake in just half an hour.
	She was in a trance for a moment when she saw Archie, and she asked, “How did you find me?”
	At the mention of this, Archie was a bit angry.
	He stepped forward, gently cupped her chin and said in a deep voice, “Why didn’t you just wait for me there?”
	Natalia froze, looking at him in confusion.
	“I was afraid that they would find out! I couldn’t stay there any longer. If they found me, I wouldn’t be able to escape then.”
	“You can find a safe place to hide.”
	Just thinking that she had the nerve to get into a stranger’s car under such circumstances and nearly got herself into danger, how could he be not angry?
	Natalia pouted in aggrievance, “I didn’t expect this! I was in such a panic that I couldn’t even think about it.”
	As she said, she glanced at his expression before she wrapped his arm with her hands and begged coquettishly.
	“Honey, I was wrong.”
	Archie’s originally frozen heart melted a little.
	Natalia then held his wrist again and said pitifully, “I thought you’d find me soon! How could I have expected that driver to be so nasty? I’m fine now, am I not? No bad guys would dare to bully me with my wise and powerful husband around!”
	Although he knew she just pretended to sound soft and mushy, it didn’t give rise to any resentment. Instead, it was even pleasant to hear.
	Archie snorted.
	He let go of her chin and said icily, “You’re just lucky.”
	He couldn’t imagine what would happen if he hadn’t noticed something wrong with that taxi at that time, or he had simply missed it.
	His eyes turned gloomy just whenever he thought about it.
	However, Natalia was oblivious to all this.
	She just had a narrow escape, and after a struggle, the dinner she had had long been digested.
	She touched her belly and said in a low voice, “Honey, I’m hungry.”
	Archie froze. A strange light flashed across her eyes when he looked at her, “Hungry?”
	“Yea, I’ starving. I didn’t eat much last night, and after such a big mess, is there any leftover or just anything for me to eat at home?”
	“Why do I feel that you want to eat me out more than having dinner?”
	Natalia was speechless.
	What was all the straightforwardness for?
	She blushed and said in embarrassment, “Ahem, no thanks. The doctor gave me the medicine, and I feel much better now. It doesn’t have to be that.”
	Archie just smiled, not sure if it was mockery or what. He then went out.
	“Come down if you want to eat.” Natalia was stunned.
	“Oh.”
	In the dining room downstairs.
	Archie had asked Mrs. Dottie to prepare some food, and Natalia ate it there alone.
	Meanwhile Archie was playing with his phone on the sofa in the living room.
	Natalia glanced at him and felt aggrieved, seeing that he seemed to be angry again.
	She was the victim, but why was he being angry again?
	Unreasonable!
	However, she was indeed angry when thinking about what had happened tonight.
	Since Clara had brought things to this point, their relationship had completely turned sour.
	She thought idly as she sipped her soup.
	She had initially wanted to take this opportunity to go back to live with the Dawson family and at the same time investigate the relationship between the Dawson family and the power from Eqitin.
	She always had a vague feeling that there was something fishy about this. She wouldn’t feel at ease until she investigated it.
	However, she never thought that she would slip up and got set up.
	She was filled with so much anger by just thinking about what happened last night.
	Just at this moment, her mobile phone rang suddenly.
	Natalia picked it up and saw that it was Elsa.
	“What’s the matter?”
	“Miss Dawson, early this morning, a few people claiming to be your grandmother and father came over and said they wanted to see you. We couldn’t stop them, and now they’ve gone to your office.”
	Natalia was stunned, and her expression changed slightly.
	And that was followed by a grim smile.
	Very well. They still had the nerve to come for her.
	She said in a deep voice, “Alright. I’ll come over immediately.”
	After hanging up the phone, Natalia drove straight to Star Entertainment.
	The news of the Dawson family coming over early in the morning to make a fuss had long spread around the company, so everyone was looking at Natalia with a gossipy look.
	Natalia ignored their eyes and went straight into the lift.
	As soon as she left, several employees who came in later immediately asked the receptionist, “Hey, what’s going on? Our president’s family came looking for her?”
	“Yeah!” The receptionist looked awkward. They apparently had something to say but finally thought better of it.
	Those few employees were smart enough to know that they must be hiding something. They hurriedly asked, “What’s going on? Tell us now.”
Chapter 125 Countercharges
	“Alas! I should not tell you this but it’s indeed too appalling. Do you know? As soon as her family came, they said that a man outside had kept her as a mistress. They also said that she had soiled her family name as she had gone out of her way to be a mistress for money. They thought that she’s undutiful as she disobeyed her elders at home and persecuted her sister, in short ... tsk, it’s just too frightening.”
	“It can’t be! Miss Dawson does not look like that kind of person.”
	The receptionist added, “I don’t know about this, but they gave so many details. It just may be true. They also said that they had taken great efforts to find a good husband for Miss Dawson. They asked her to go for a blind date but she’s not willing. Not only that, but she also ended up beating the man.”
	“So barbaric!”
	“Yea. It’s said that for the power of the rich man who supports her secretly, even they are her family, they do not dare to say anything. They have been quite angry at her.”
	“Who’s the boss behind her?”
	“Who knows? But judging from the fact that he dares to offend the Dawson family, he must be a very powerful person!”
	“Huh ... this is too disgusting! How can she do that?”
	“Yeah, I once thought that she was a really tough businesswoman, but it turns out that she relies on men to get to the top, she’s simply shameless!”
	“What can you do about it? She’s pretty and lofty. You know what? The richer and more capable a man is, the more he loves this kind of woman. Just like people always say, you always want what you can't have. The more you make it difficult for a man to get you, the more the men will like you.”
	“Heh! I really wish I can see who the man behind her is.”
	“These days, most of the men who keep young girls are old, married men. I guess she’s no exception.”
	A few miles away, Archie, the “old man” in the mouth of the people discussing him, sneezed fiercely.
	Damn it! Who was cursing?
	The receptionist who had just shared the story with them laughed and said, “I saw that the Dawson family were quite angry when they came here today. It makes sense. Of course, they would be angry. The Dawson family is quite prestigious in Julio. Now, they shall be very angry as they have such a shameless daughter.”
	“That’s true. We can enjoy a good show today. Let’s go and have a look.”
	The group of people went into the company with the intention of watching a good show.
	On the other hand, when Natalia just entered the office, she could keenly feel the gaze of the people around her was not quite the same as usual.
	Some of them were contemptuous, some mocking, some sympathetic and some envious.
	She frowned secretly. When she walked to the door of her office, she could hear the shouting and cursing inside and immediately she knew what was going on.
	Her delicate cool face darkened immediately.
	“Bang!”
	The door of the office was pushed open vigorously. Everyone inside the office was startled.
	The original slanderous shouting came to an abrupt halt.
	Natalia looked at the circle of people sitting in the office with a cold face.
	Well, Clara, Philip, Aleena and Jessica were here! All the members of the Dawson family were here!
	They had really come here to hold Natalia responsible for what happened last night!
	She sneered and walked over, throwing her handbag on the desk with a “bang” sound.
	“Just don’t stop! Why don’t you go on cursing? Aren’t you talking about me? I am right here to listen! What did you say just now? Who’s shameless and who’s hitting people?”
	Natalia was dressed in a black suit. She stood there with her arms clasped and her cold heroic aura was about to explode.
	Clara looked at her condescending attitude and shivered with anger.
	“Good, you’re finally here! Great, I thought you would hide from me and you don’t even dare to come to the office anymore! Looks like you don’t have that many guts!”
	Natalia sneered.
	“Why I dare not come to my own company? I’m not like someone who deliberately spread rumors to the public to ruin my reputation. I have recorded them one by one. When I’m free later, I will definitely go and sue her for slandering. I believe it shall not be difficult!”
	When these words were spoken, the entire office was silent.
	Clare was so angry that her face turned livid. Philip also felt somewhat timorous.
	Seeing this, Jessica hurriedly came forward and took Natalia’s arm. She said softly, “Sister, don’t be angry. We are all family. Grandma is your elder. What would she say about you in the public? It’s just some angry words, no one will take them seriously.”
	Natalia tilted her head to look at her and curled her lips cynically.
	“Oh? Is that so? Then why don’t I take you out for a stroll now, I’m sure there are plenty of people who haven’t shut their mouth up yet and we can still hear something from them.”
	Jessica was speechless.
	She lowered her head with an embarrassed face, then looked at Clara with bewilderment.
	Clara had already calmed down by now. She stared sharply at Natalia and she tried to stabilize her breath.
	Only then did she say in a cold voice, “Alright! You don’t have to threaten us. We didn’t deliberately slander you. Do you dare to say that what we said is not true? You’ve been misbehaving and hooking up with men outside, do you still blame us for saying something that’s true?”
	Natalia found it funny. She laughed and asked with interest, “I’d like to hear from you that how I’ve misbehaved? Who have I hooked up with?”
	Clara sneered disdainfully, “You shall know what you’ve done! If it isn’t because of this issue, why would I have gone to all the trouble of finding you a husband? If you want to die, no one will stop you, but don’t put the Dawson family into trouble!”
	“It’s okay for you to let me down, but it’s wrong for you to injure Mr. Kruf that heavily. Do you just have to get the Dawson family killed?”
	Natalia raised her eyebrows with a little surprise.
	To be honest, someone like Randy Kruf deserved to die.
	But because she had been drugged yesterday, her hands were weak and feeble, so she did not hit him with much force.
	Also, she had hit the man in the right place. Logically, the man would only lose his consciousness temporarily. It was impossible to cause any hurt.
	Before Natalia could say anything, by her side, Jessica added, “Yes, sister, Mr. Kruf is still lying in the hospital. You two were getting along quite well before. Even if you really have some conflicts, you should go and visit him. It’s good to bury the hatchet.”
	Natalia’s eyelids were twitching.
	She was extremely angry but she refrained herself from kicking them all out.
	“Were we getting along quite well? With which eye did you see that?”
	Jessica put on her usual innocent pretense and said, “We all saw it! Yesterday, you were talking and laughing with Mr. Kruf. He even held your hand, and you didn’t reject him, right?”
	“You knew that we had called him over to arrange a blind date for you, but you didn’t object at all. You even agreed to get a marriage license at the weekend. Doesn’t that show that you like him too?”
	Natalia felt the veins on her temples popping out.
	She laughed with anger, “You are speaking up for him and calling him ‘Mr. Kruf’ with such affection, it is you who like him more.”
	“Oh, that’s right, you always like whatever I have! Isn’t Shawn just an example?”
	Jessica’s expression changed drastically and turned slightly pale.
	Clara suddenly said in an angry tone, “Shut up!”
Chapter 126 Promise To Apologize
	She stood up and stared at Natalia with her sharp eyes. Her voice was cold and stern, “I always thought that your biological mother died when you’re young, so I could not bear to be harsh to you. However, I don’t expect to spoil you to the extent that you have such a vicious and stubborn mind now!”
	“Shawn and your sister are in love with each other. It’s okay for you to feel jealous of your sister, but it’s wrong for you to interfere with them. Not only that, but you have also bullied your sister and distorted the truth, saying that she stole your man!”
	“Natalia, let me ask you, do you have any conscience? Your sister has always been good to you and has put up with all the humiliation at home, but what about you?”
	“You’re very domineering and unreasonable. Now, you’ve even beaten Mr. Kruf up and he is now in the hospital! What exactly do you want?”
	Outside the office, a group of employees who had crowded over for the breaking news were all surprised at what they had heard. Then, they revealed a look of contempt.
	It was really unexpected that Natalia, who usually looked so gentle and reasonable, would have such a face in private.
	After she had got all the support of her sugar daddy, she was still out here to hook up with all kinds of young men. Not only that, but she also wanted to steal her sister’s rich boyfriend.
	That’s not all. When her family introduced her to a blind date for the sake of her reputation, she even beat the man up and put him in hospital.
	God! How could she be such a person? She was impudent and evil!
	The secrets of the rich families were always the subject of much discussion.
	The employees in the company were no exception.
	With so many people hearing these words today, it was for sure that not long after, all the people in the Julio city would know about it.
	Just then, a stern shout suddenly came from behind.
	“It’s working hours! Don’t you all have to do your works? It seems like you don’t want your job anymore?”
	Everyone was startled and turned back. It was Elsa who was shouting at them.
	Elsa was having a cold face, and her gaze was as sharp as an ice blade as she swept over everyone.
	“Go back to your positions and do your work!”
	Only then did the crowd leave in a hurry.
	It was in the office.
	Natalia looked at the people with smug faces. She sneered inside her heart. She could not help but felt the chill.
	She had heard the angry shouting outside just now.
	Clara must have said the words deliberately as she knew that the curious employees were gathering outside of the office.
	Not only did she want to embarrass her, but she also wanted to create the impression in front of everyone that what she said was the truth and that Natalia was just unforgivably guilty.
	Furthermore, hearing her words, people would just think that the Dawson family was driven to endure before coming to the company and bringing up these ugly issues!
	After they left, those people outside would spread the her words out very quickly. They would not bother whether they were true or false.
	Sometimes, it did not matter what the truth was.
	What really mattered was actually how well you could act. Moreover, she was the old Mrs. Dawson. People would believe in her without hesitation.
	Natalia sneered silently.
	She had already seen this trick five years ago.
	She had used the power of public opinions to suppress her own granddaughter, forcing her to drop out of school and leave the country, and to hide herself in the crowd and never dare to come out again.
	How naive she was at the time, thinking that if she explained clearly, someone would believe her and she would be able to prove her own innocence.
	So, she tried hard to beg those people, begging them to believe her and begging them to give her a chance to prove her innocence.
	Ah ... there were some people and some things in this world that you had to see with your own eyes and experience them yourself before you could know that they were just evil.
	They did not care about justice and truth. They could distort the truth in order to achieve their own goals and interests.
	They would dip the human blood to enjoy their buns. Even if the person they were going to persecute was kneeling right in front of them and begging them, they would not be moved or even just look back.
	Natalia took a deep breath.
	Clara was still the same Clare as five years ago.
	She was selfish and ruthless.
	Unfortunately, she was no longer the same Natalia five years ago, who was fragile, innocent and at the mercy of others.
	“Clara, I guarantee that you will regret every word you uttered today.”
	She spat out every word coldly. Her ice-looking eyes glittered with a harsh, cold light.
	Somehow, Clara was surprised by her appearance.
	For a moment, a feeling of fear arose in her heart.
	How could this be?
	No, it could not be.
	She was the head of the Dawson family. Everyone in the Dawson family had to listen to her, including this woman in front of her!
	Even her mother, such a tough woman, died just because she did not listen to her.
	What big trouble could a little girl like her make?
	Thinking of this, Clara settled down and then said in a cold voice, “What? Are you threatening me?”
	She paused because she lost her confidence under Natalia’s cold gaze. She said in a deep voice, “I don’t want you to do anything else. I just want you to go to the hospital with me and apologize to Mr. Kruf. No matter what, you had beaten him, so you shall apologize to him.”
	Natalia hooked her lips coldly.
	“Apologize? Fine, I’ll go with you.”
	Clara was stunned again.
	She looked at Natalia’s cold yet sneering look. For a moment, she could not tell whether it was her true intention or not from her words.
	“You, you’re really willing to go?”
	“Of course. Why? I’ve already agreed, but you don’t dare?”
	“I have nothing to be afraid of!”
	Clara frowned secretly.
	Damn it! What was going on today?
	To her surprise, she had been suppressed by this little girl several times today. She had much more experience than her. How could she be afraid of her?
	Thinking of this, she gritted her teeth.
	“Fine, then we’ll go over there now.”
	After saying that, she took the lead and headed out.
	Philip and the others hurried to follow.
	Jessica walked at the end of the group. As she passed by Natalia, her soft and gentle face suddenly flashed with smugness and ridicule.
	“Sister, I don’t expect you to be able to bear all these. I used to think you had integrity, but when I look at you today, you’re just a simple person! This Mr. Kruf did something like that to you, and you’re willing to apologize ...”
	“Tsk, does Mr. McCarthy have really fallen in love with another woman and abandon you? That’s why you’re so anxious to find a new man that you cannot even bother to mind what he has done? You even can’t wait to hold on to such a man like Randy Kruf.”
	Natalia looked at her lightly.
	She did not say anything, but that gaze was clearly like she was looking at a retard.
	Normal people were too lazy to strike up a conversation with a retard, after all ... just nobody should argue with fools!
	When had Jessica ever been stared at with such a look? She was extremely angry at that moment.
	She gritted her teeth. After a while, she took a deep breath to suppress her anger and sneered.
	“Sister, I’m just being nice and reminding you to be careful! A mistress has a tough life. I’ve heard that Mr. McCarthy’s wife is the daughter of a powerful family in Eqitin. She’s not someone you and I can afford to offend. I would suggest you just to leave the man right now. Although this Randy Kruf is bad, he’s rich! I can guarantee that you will live a carefree life for the rest of your life.”
Chapter 127 Revenge
	This time, Natalia laughed.
	She looked at Jessica and said in a light voice, “A mistress has a tough life ... Is this from your personal experience? After all, you’re a mistress for so many years, you shall have some insight and understanding, right?”
	Jessica was stunned.
	Her face was instantly pale and then livid.
	Natalia laughed again, “Luckily you have the self-awareness to know that you are not good enough for Mr. McCarthy and have completely cut off that idea. As for me, you don’t have to worry. Instead of bothering my business, you better care about your business. After all, you don’t have a child now, so you have lost your bargaining chip to marry into the Miller family. If Shawn regrets, I don’t know what you can do!”
	At these words, Jessica completely changed her face.
	“Natalia!” She gritted her teeth, “The reason why Shawn hasn’t married me yet is because I’m not ready. It’s not that he doesn’t want to!”
	Natalia shrugged indifferently, “If you say so!”
	It was a fact that she was pregnant before she got married.
	It was also true that the baby had gone.
	Jessica was furious.
	Natalia did not bother to pay attention to her anymore. She took her handbag and went outside.
	Clara and the others had already gone down. In the office, everyone saw that she and Jessica came out one after the other. They all could not help but quietly cast a gossipy gaze.
	Natalia ignored them. She looked directly at Elsa who had walked towards her and instructed, “Elsa, I’ll go out for a while. If there is any busybody in the company, you shall write down the names for me.”
	Everyone’s face instantly turned pale.
	Elsa held back her laughter and respectfully replied, “Yes.”
	Natalia turned around to look at the staff in the office and said aloud, “I never bother to do anything against my conscience. However, some people just enjoy putting some ridiculous accusations on me. I really don’t know what to do with that.”
	“I understand that people all like to gossip, but I hope that you will not spread some rumors, or things might get quite embarrassing should it turn out to be false. More importantly, it might affect the relationship between colleagues. That’s all! I’ll leave now. Let’s all think over it.”
	After saying that, Natalia turned around and walked out in big strides.
	The people in the office looked at each other in disbelief, all panicking for a moment.
	After learning the shocking news just now, a few people who had prejudice towards Natalia had already spread the news via Facebook.
	She was not really going to come to them for this, right?
	A few of them were uncertain about what to do.
	At this moment, Elsa gave a clear cough and stepped forward.
	“Everyone has heard the words that the president just said, so just go to work and don’t gossip, got it?”
	“Understood.”
	The crowd responded obediently. Only then did Elsa leave.
	On the other hand, Natalia followed Clara and arrived at the hospital together.
	After Randy Kruf was knocked unconscious by Natalia last night, he found that his hands and his feet were tied up and a smelly rag was stuffed in his mouth when he woke up.
	In order not to interfere with his business, Clara had driven all the maids on the entire second floor away. So, no matter how hard he banged on the door and called for help, no one could hear him.
	It had been several hours when Anna found him. Anna figured out that it was about time and she followed Mrs. Dawson’s instruction to check on the situation.
	When Randy Kruf was finally set free, though he was not hurt in any way, he was furious.
	He shouted that he would definitely get Natalia into trouble, and he would never spare the Dawson family either.
	Clara was furious on the spot. On the one hand, she was angry at Natalia’s disobedience. On the other hand, she was also afraid of Randy Kruf’s anger.
	After all, Randy Kruf was not like the Dawson family and the Miller family, who were all decent businessmen and merchants. He had some underworld background, and it was heard that he did many bad things in the past.
	She was not worried if he came to them directly, but she was afraid that he might use some nasty tricks on them.
	When the time came, the Dawson family and the Miller family combined would not be his match.
	Clara was so angry but she still tried her best to calm him down, saying that she would definitely ask Natalia to apologize to him in person. Only after a long day of persuasion did Randy Kruf stop being angry.
	At the same time, in his heart, he secretly hated Natalia even more.
	Damn it! Bitch.
	It was fine she did not like him. But the embarrassing fact that he had lost the meat that was already in his mouth and was even tied up by Natalia had made him so mad.
	If he did not take revenge, he would not be Randy Kruf!
	Therefore, when the door of the ward was pushed open and he saw the Dawson family, Randy Kruf showed his dull face.
	“Yo, who is it? It’s Mrs. Dawson. Why? Your granddaughter didn’t beat me up enough yesterday, and you’ve come to see my joke today too?”
	There was a huge difference between the careless and casual look of the man on the bed with the civilized and polite appearance at the dinner table last night.
	“Ah ... Mr. Kruf, what you’re talking about? I would like to make thousands of apologies to you. How could I come to laugh at you? Natalia knows that she did the wrong things last night and specially asked me to bring her over to apologize to you.”
	With that, she turned her head to look at Natalia who had been standing in the doorway. Her gaze contained a hint of warning.
	“Natalia, come in quickly!”
	Only then did Randy Kruf notice that Natalia was really here, standing right in the doorway.
	She was wearing a simple black professional suit. Her hair was tied into a ponytail behind her head. It was obviously a very simple outfit. However, when she stood there, she was like a bright landscape, looking cool and intellectual. She was like a delicate flower on the snowy mountain, and he could not help but pause to admire.
	Randy Kruf was stunned for a moment.
	He was surprised to find that he was very angry before she arrived.
	However, as soon as he saw she appear at the door, her flawless and delicate face had chased his anger away in just an instant.
	As long as she admitted her mistakes, apologized to him and was willing to be obedient to him, he was willing to get her regardless of his past grudges.
	Randy Kruf’s gaze grew hot.
	“Yo, Miss Dawson, you’re really here. I’m sorry that I didn’t see you. Someone like Miss Dawson must feel so much aggrievance for coming and apologizing to me.”
	Randy Kruf was clearly happy, putting on a condescending face.
	Natalia smiled faintly and walked over.
	“You’re right, apologizing to you is indeed such an aggrievance to me.”
	Randy Kruf lifted his eyelids. He sized her up smugly.
	“Then is Miss Dawson going to apologize to me or not?”
	Natalia tilted her head slightly and thought for a moment.
	“Well ... I’ve never enjoyed aggrievance, so I might as well just tell the truth!”
	She said while pulling over a chair and sitting down with a calm attitude.
	Behind her, Clare shouted warningly, “Natalia!”
	Natalia had a casual attitude and said indifferently, “Mrs. Dawson, you asked me to come here today, so don’t worry, I will tell Mr. Kruf exactly what you had instructed me to tell. I will never miss any of your words.”
Chapter 128 Underground Relationship
	Clara then slightly calmed herself down, “It’s good that you understand that Mr. Kruf is already being very generous, willing to give you this opportunity to apologize, so you better be grateful.”
	Natalia laughed mockingly.
	She looked at Randy Kruf, who was lying on the sick bed with a subdued and gentle smile on her face, but at the bottom of her eyes, she was cold and without a trace of smile.
	“Randy Kruf, I don’t know where you got the confidence to think that I will definitely like you or even marry you, oh, probably because Mrs. Dawson had given you some support!”
	“After all, just now in the car, she persuaded me in earnest, and she said that you’ll be very useful to the Dawson family. The power that supports you would enable the Dawson family to have plain sailing in Julio in the future and the Dawson family will no longer have to worry about other forces.”
	“If it is not because of this, she won’t bother to deal with a vulgar, rude and uncaring bastard like you!”
	“She also said that you lost your wife when you were young, lost your son in your middle years, and you are now alone, so you look like a short-lived man, and as long as I am willing to give birth to your son, the fortune of the Kruf family will be mine in the future.”
	“Tsk, to be honest, this was quite tempting when I first heard about it but it’s too bad that I’m not interested in you, so I can’t agree with her.”
	“Regarding what had happened last night, I have talked to my lawyer and he has already got the evidence. We will soon file a lawsuit against you for your attempted rape. I know, the Kruf family is very powerful.”
	“Many merchants and businessmen dare not mess with you, but I’m sorry that even if it is an iron plate, I will kick it today. If you don’t believe me, we will see!”
	As she spoke, everyone in the room gradually changed their faces.
	Clara shouted angrily, “Natalia! What are you talking about? When did I, when did I say...”
	“Mrs. Dawson, if you dare to say it, you better dare to admit it. It is not good to say one thing in front of one’s face and another behind one’s back.”
	Natalia smiled as she stood up. She patted the non-existent dust on her skirt before turning around and walking towards her. She looked at her from a commanding position.
	Smiling, she said, “I’ve finished what Mrs. Dawson asked me to say, is there anything else you want to deliver?”
	“You, you!”
	Clara was so furious that her face turned white. As she pointed at her, her fingertip was trembling.
	Randy Kruf’s grim voice came from behind.
	“Natalia, are you sure you want to fight with me?”
	Natalia laughed.
	Ignoring him, she said to Clara, “Since there’s nothing else, I’ll leave first.”
	With that, she walked out with elegant steps.
	When she reached the door, she suddenly stopped. She looked back at Randy Kruf with an enchanting smile, who had an angry face on the sick bed.
	“Oh, I forgot to tell Mr. Kruf one thing. I have actually got married a long time ago.”
	She frowned and made a distressed and helpless look, “I don’t know why Mrs. Dawson introduced me to you knowing that I was married... Probably ... in her eyes, Mr. Kruf is just a generous fool she could mess around with easily. However, it seems to be true.”
	After Natalia finished speaking, she put on a sorry expression towards him before leaving.
	There was dead silence in the ward.
	Randy Kruf slowly turned his eyes and looked at Clara with a grim and cruel face, who was standing opposite him.
	Clara smiled awkwardly.
	At this moment, it made no difference to explain more. More explanation would only make her look even more powerless.
	But Clara still forced a smile, “Mr. Kruf, don’t listen to her nonsense. I didn’t say anything like that. She’s clearly stirring up trouble, you mustn’t be fooled by her.”
	Randy Kruf sneered.
	“Is that so? What about the fact that she has been married?”
	The smile on Clara’s face froze.
	“That, that’s absolutely impossible! She was lying to you. She is my granddaughter. Would I not know if she was married?”
	Randy Kruf laughed sarcastically.
	“I think Mrs. Dawson doesn’t know your granddaughter well enough either. If she had gotten married secretly, you won’t necessarily be aware of it.”
	Clara was speechless.
	“Alright, I will go and find out the truth. I will also make a note of what had happened today. Mrs. Dawson, you must take care of yourself!"
	After saying that, Randy Kruf shouted, “Send the guest out!”
	Instantly, four brawny bodyguards came over and reached out their hands to guide her out. They stared at her angrily and said, “Mrs. Dawson, please!”
	Clara’s face changed several times.
	In her entire life, she had never been treated like this.
	It was such a humiliation for her!
	It was all Natalia’s fault! She had lied to her in the company and said that she would come over to apologize, but after she arrived, she told him all the nonsense. Now not only was the problem between the Dawson family and Randy Kruf not resolved but he had all the more reasons to hate them.
	Damn it!
	Clara’s face was as gloomy as the darkest cloud. Only after a while could she manage to suppress her anger.
	“Should that be the case, Mr. Kruf shall rest well. I will visit you again.”
	Clara was then “escorted” out by the bodyguard.
	On the bed, Randy Kruf looked into the direction she left and his gaze dimmed.
	Natalia ... Dawson ...
	Heh! Interesting!
	No one dared to make him so embarrassed in the city of Julio. She was the first one.
	He ... would certainly remember her!!!
	When Clara walked out of the ward, Jessica and the others who had been waiting outside the ward immediately rushed forward.
	“Grandma, how is it going?”
	“Mum, is Mr. Kruf satisfied now?”
	Clara glared at them angrily.
	“What can I say? We’ve been tricked by that wicked girl!”
	“What?”
	Everyone’s face turned pale.
	A dark aura flashed across Jessica’s eyes. She worriedly walked forward to hold the old Mrs. Dawson, “Grandma, do you mean that Natalia deliberately tricked us and didn’t apologize to Mr. Kruf?”
	Clara said angrily, “Not only did she not apologize! She even said a whole lot of nonsense, offending him even more.”
	At this moment, she suddenly turned her head to look at Jessica, “Earlier on you told me that Archie had an engagement in Eqitin and that it was impossible for him to marry Natalia, are you sure this is true?”
	Jessica was stunned.
	The rest of the people were also stunned for a moment and turned their gazes towards Jessica.
	Jessica’s face changed and she secretly tightened her fingers.
	“I guess! Wanda told me all these things. She is one of the Kawn family, so she shouldn’t be wrong.”
	Hearing her words, the old Mrs. Dawson finally let out a sigh of relief.
	“If that’s the case, then we don’t have to worry.”
	“Well, it’s said that Mr. McCarthy is engaged to a daughter of the Kawn family! There must not be any mistake.”
	“In that case, I’m relieved! As long as she doesn’t become Mrs. McCarthy, she’s still a member of the Dawson family. Even if Archie wants to protect her, he’ll have a lot of concerns and will not make the issue known by even more people! He certainly knows how powerful the Kawn family is. Anyway, their relationship just will never go public, so I don’t have anything to be afraid of. Hum, Natalia, I thought you’re really something. It turns out it’s just like that!”
Chapter 129 The Boss Is Mad
	“Grandma, so what should we do now?”
	“Let’s calm down for a while. I still have to think of a way to deal with this Randy Kruf. Everything else can be dealt later.”
	“Okay.”
	The Dawson family left the hospital.
	Meanwhile, Natalia also got into her car. She took out her phone, which had been buzzing for quite some time in her bag, and answered the call.
	“Are you still at the hospital? How are things being handled?”
	As soon as the call was answered, the man directly asked her.
	Natalia was stunned for a moment. She felt a little surprised that he knew about her whereabouts.
	“I just came out from the hospital. Well… I think the thing has been settled. I reckon the Dawson family should be about to die of anger at this moment.”
	Feeling the pleasure in her tone, the man was also influenced, and he could not help but smile. He finally felt relieved.
	“I will deal with that Randy Kruf. As for the Dawson family, what are your plans?”
	Natalia was stunned. She just wanted to say that she did not need him to intervene, but as she thought of the power behind Randy Kruf, even if she really sued him for attempted rape, everyone in the Dawson family would give statements in favor of him. If they really did, she may not be able to sue him successfully.
	Just now, she was just saying it on purpose to piss him off. But now when she looked back, she realized that it was indeed a little difficult to do so.
	So, she did not refuse the man’s suggestion. She thought for a while and said, “I want to cut off the relationship between me and the Dawson family.”
	She should have made this decision five years ago.
	At that time, it was a pity that she still had a slight hope towards this family even though she was in deep pain and misery.
	After all, they had loved her and doted her when she was child. They also called her ‘good girl’ and held her in their arms back then. The warm affection of being a family stored in her memories could not be erased so easily.
	But it was only until this time. Now, she finally gave up.
	Some things just could not be retained just how much she had wanted to.
	Time had already cause it to deteriorate. From the moment Jessica and her mother came to the Dawson family, her grandmother was no longer her grandmother, and her father was no longer hers either.
	The situation had come to this point, so things should end as the way it should be. Since she decided to leave, there was no need to turn back.
	Archie had never expected that she would be so decisive. Moreover, women always took affection seriously. They must have hurt her so deeply that she had made such a decision.
	His eyes were dim. Then, he said, “Okay.”
	“Okay, I’ll take care of this.”
	“No, leave it to me! I want to do this myself.”
	At the other end of the line, the man went silent.
	Natalia explained, “I not only want to cut off relationship with them, but I also want to take back all the things that belong to me. Those accusations they put on me, I want them to take back their words. Archie, I don’t want to leave this matter to others. If I can’t even handle this little thing, I don’t deserve to stand by your side.”
	The man’s deep and pleasant voice came through the phone.
	“You don’t have to do anything to stand by my side.”
	“But I’ll feel uneasy. I am not a weak girl that needs protection. Archie, please trust me.”
	There was a brief silence on the phone, and time passed slowly like the sand flowing in an hourglass.
	After an unknown duration of time, she finally heard his voice.
	“Okay.”
	A simple ‘okay’ made her felt relieved instantly.
	She was really worried that he would not agree to it. After all, she knew the man had a strong desire to control everything, but she also clearly knew that although he agreed to it now, he might still intervene in the future.
	But she was still very happy because he chose to respect her decision.
	Thinking of this, Natalia couldn’t help but smile.
	“But there’s one thing you need to promise me.” Archie said suddenly.
	“What is it?”
	“I will only give you one month to deal with it. After one month, you must come back to Eqitin and be my real wife.”
	Natalia, “…”
	She was sitting in the car, and she was somewhat stunned.
	His real wife?
	Her heart was actually touched by his request. In the end, she bit her lip and promised him, “Okay.”
	After hanging up the phone, Natalia returned to the office.
	The office was extremely quiet, and everyone seemed to be working hard to hide their guiltiness.
	Natalia walked into the office without any facial expression and ordered Elsa to come over.
	When Elsa arrived, Natalia had just sat down on her chair.
	She looked up at her and asked, “How it is? Have you taken down the names of those who spread rumors in the company?”
	At the door, an employee was about to come in to report his work. The corner of his mouth twitched when he heard this.
	Elsa could not help splitting her mouth slightly into a smile. She knew that Natalia said this on purpose to frighten those people outside.
	So, she laughed cooperatively and said, “Well, it’s all written down.”
	“I guess they won’t have their bonuses for this month!”
	“Okay.”
	The door of the office was close. Those people outside were agitated when they got the news.
	It turned out that the president really meant what she said! She was not joking at all.
	Some people started to regret, and some people gloated over their punishment.
	Undoubtedly, everyone recognized the fact that although Natalia looked soft on the outside, she wasn’t a weak person that could be bullied easily.
	Fortunately, they lost their bonuses this time, but they didn’t dare to think what the punishment would be next time!
	Since then, those who had been so curious just now had turned completely silent, and the company no longer had any rumors spread among the employees.
	Three days later.
	The online talent show began.
	Except for Laura, the rest of the artists in the company were all sent to the program.
	Natalia saw potential in them. Since they were participating in the program, she would spare no efforts promoting and building a good image for them.
	Currently, the company had limited manpower, and these were the most important artists that Natalia had. For the time being, Natalia felt that it was not safe to leave these things to others, so she wanted to do everything by herself.
	In addition, the news of a famous artist from Annie International getting into a relationship brought a big blow to the company. It became a hot topic instantly and was posted on the trending topic list several times.
	No one in her department couldn’t handle the situation. Hence, the case was passed to Natalia.
	Naturally, Natalia became extremely busy these days.
	When she finally settled the things on this side, another problem arose in the artist department of Star Entertainment.
	Hence, working overtime until dawn became a common thing to Natalia. Sometimes, she would directly sleep in the office for several days to deal with urgent cases and did not have time to go back to the McCarthy Mansion.
	At last, when Archie did not see her at home for three days straight, he could not tolerate anymore.
	It was already nine in the evening. As usual, Natalia had to work overtime and did not leave the company. Suddenly, she received a call from the man.
	“Go back yourself, or I will go to the company to pick you up.”
	At the other end of the call, she could feel, the voice of the man was hardly friendly. It seemed as if he had tried to hold back his anger for quit long a time.
	She was stunned, “What happened?”
	“What happened? Do you even know how many days you have been out?”
	Natalia, “…”
	She felt like she was more like a busy husband being scolded by her wife for not going home…
	No, no. no. It must be an illusion.
	Just think about how bossy this man had been! She must not think of him as some needy lamb just because some silly words he said, she thought.
Chapter 130 Going Home In The Middle Of The Night
	Natalia cleared her throat and smiled guiltily, “Sorry, I’ve been rather busy lately…”
	“Hmph!” At the other end of the line, the man gave a cold sneer.
	When Natalia heard this from him, she knew that her reason did not satisfy him.
	She hurriedly changed the topic and said, “Hmm… I was planning to come back home today. I was just about to leave the office and then you called!”
	The man’s tone sounded like he was sneering, “You are about to leave?”
	“Ah, yes!”
	“Hmph… Very well. I’ll give you half an hour. If I don’t see you at home, you will have to bear the consequence on your own.”
	After saying that, he directly hung up the phone.
	Natalia looked at the screen, which turned black when the call was hung up, and her small face darkened slightly.
	‘Does he need to be so dominant?’ thought Natalia.
	Half an hour? It took at least 20 minutes to drive from the office to McCarthy Mansion. Did she just have to leave immediately?
	She looked at the mountain of incomplete work in front of her.
	Natalia rubbed her forehead tiredly and sighed.
	‘Forget it, I’ll do it tomorrow!’ thought Natalia.
	Come to think of it, she turned off the computer, packed up her things and stood up.
	Before she stood up, she did not realize that she had been sitting here for the whole day. She even ate dinner here without leaving the chair. Hence, as soon as she stood up, she felt that her back was stiff and sore.
	Natalia frowned and reached behind to knock her backbone. She took her bag and walked out of the room.
	Because she had lots of things to do recently, there were a lot of employees who stayed and worked overtime. Although it was already 9 o’clock at night, the office was still brightly lit. Everyone was sitting in front of their computer and working very hard.
	When Natalia walked out of her room and saw this scene, she somewhat felt touched as she watched them working hard for the company.
	They were not the same as herself. The company was her own business. However, the company was more likely to be just a job to them.
	Natalia clapped her hands, and everyone was attracted by the sound. They turned around and looked at her.
	“Attention please. You all have been busy working for so many days. The time now is already quite late, just go back to rest now! Leave those unfinished work and continue tomorrow!”
	The employees cheered immediately.
	“Yeah! Finally, I can get off work! That’s great!”
	Natalia smiled, and only then she left the office.
	When she reached McCarthy Mansion, it was exactly half an hour.
	She got out from the car and sheepishly peeked inside. As she noticed that the man was not in the living room, only then she went in hastily.
	Mrs. Dottie came in from outside and saw her changing her shoes at the door. She said in surprise, “Mrs. McCarthy, you’re back!”
	Natalia smiled awkwardly, “Yes. Is Archie at home?”
	“Yes, he is upstairs in the study.”
	Mrs. Dottie paused suddenly. Then, she approached her mysteriously, “Madam, you should be careful when you go up later. It seems that Mr. McCarthy is in a bad mood recently. He even lost his temper this evening! He didn’t eat much during dinner too.”
	“Ah?”
	Natalia was a little surprised.
	As far as she knew, although Archie wasn’t a good-tempered person, but in fact, he rarely lost his temper, let alone venting his anger on the maids.
	He was an extremely cultured and restrained person. Furthermore, because of his status and aura, people usually did not dare to offend him.
	Hence, everyone was very careful when they were dealing with him, and he had never been harsh to his subordinates.
	What happened today?
	Natalia was puzzled. Mrs. Dottie continued, “I’m afraid that Mr. McCarthy will be hungry at night, and he might have a stomachache, so I kept his favorite seafood porridge warm in the kitchen. They are all light dishes. Later, if you see he’s in a better mood, persuade him to come down and eat some of it! He’s been working so hard. How can he refuse to eat dinner?”
	Natalia nodded, “Okay, I got it. I will persuade him to eat.”
	As she said, she finished changing her shoes and went inside.
	Upstairs, there was no one in the bedroom. Natalia loosened her hair that had been tied up all day to let her scalp relaxed a little. Then, she changed into her casual clothes and headed to the study.
	The study was dimly lit, with an orange floor lamp emitting a warm glow in the room.
	Beside the floor-to-ceiling window, there was a recliner. The man was laying on the recliner with his legs overlapped. He was holding a book in his hand and quietly flipping through.
	His figure was slender and elegant. The floor lamp shone above his head, resulting a long shadow covering his face. Thus, his delicately outlined features became more attractive under the dim light.
	She walked over to him gently.
	She had been trying to keep her steps as soft as they could be, but somehow, just when she was about to reach his back, he noticed her.
	“Finally, you’re back.”
	Natalia was stunned. She looked around but did not see a mirror or anything reflective as she had expected.
	He did not turn around and she had also kept her steps quiet. She was stepping on the thick carpet and made no sound. How did he notice her?
	Her original intention was to sneak up on him and prank him, but she was discovered, which made her felt a little embarrassed.
	She rubbed her nose and smiled awkwardly.
	“Hmmm… You’re the one who told me to come back.”
	Archie turned around.
	Under the light, the man’s face was as fair as a pure jade, his chiseled face and sharp features were masculine, and his black eyes were as calm as a riverside boulder, as if they were going to blend into the night sky.
	Natalia was inexplicably panicked by his gaze, and she somewhat lost the confidence to look straight at him.
	Stared at by his emotionless eyes, she lowered her head with a guilty conscience and stood there like a child who had made a mistake.
	After quite some time, the man finally spoke.
	“Come here.”
	Natalia froze. She looked at him in confusion, but she still obeyed and walked towards him.
	When she was close, her wrist was grabbed suddenly. She cried out in surprise and when she finally understood what had happened, she had fallen onto his lap.
	“You… What are you doing?”
	This position was so ambiguous, and she subconsciously wanted to resist.
	Unexpectedly, her slim waist was pinched by the man. He said in a deep voice, “Don’t move!”
	Natalia’s body stiffened and she didn’t dare to move anymore.
	Archie looked at her face closely. Her delicate face, which could only be the masterpiece of God, looked exhausted after several days of hard work.
	Her beautiful eyes were no longer as clear and bright as they used to be. There were faint dark circles under her bloodshot eyes.
	Natalia was feeling very uneasy when he examined her face. She twisted her body, “What… What are you looking at?”
	Archie said lightly, “As your husband, I support your career because that is what you like, and I don’t want a shell without a soul and dreams.”
	“But that doesn’t mean that I will allow you to work so hard until you neglect your health and forget about everything else. Mrs. McCarthy can have dreams, but I don’t need a workaholic wife, do you understand?”
	He lifted his hand and held her chin, forcing her to tilt her face up to look at him.
Chapter 131 An Eye For An Eye
	Natalia frowned. She subconsciously resisted his strong way of conversation and the posture of the two now.
	"But you are also always busy! Besides, I’ve only been busy for a while, not all the time."
	"No way."
	In some ways, this man was too domineering.
	He said in a deep voice, "Because I’m a man, whose duty is to take on the responsibility of supporting a family, but you are different. You just need to be a qualified Mrs. McCarthy. If you are interested in something, or you’re free, you can develop your own hobbies or career, but remember, you should be a wife first."
	Natalia was not convinced by what he had said.
	"You mean your work is very important, and my work is dispensable! Archie McCarthy, don’t be so male chauvinist!”
	“I’ve told you that I’m not a canary in the cage. You can’t require me with your standard.”
	“Yes, maybe my work is nothing in your eyes, but it is very important to me. I don’t want to be an accessory to anyone, and I will never give up my career!"
	The woman became more and more excited, and in the end, she almost said that angrily.
	After saying that, she pursed her lips and turned her head away with a sullen face.
	Archie’s eyes darkened.
	"When did I ask you to give up your career?"
	"Didn’t you just say that? I should be a wife first! If I am free, then I can develop my career."
	She stressed the four words "if I am free" as if to remind him how unreasonable his words were just now and how much it had hurt her pride.
	Archie looked at the angry woman in his arms, who was now like a startled cattie. He even suddenly smiled.
	Natalia was in a fit of anger. As she saw his smile, she got even angrier. Was he even laughing at her?
	She struggled hard in his arms.
	"Let me go! I don’t want to talk to you anymore. I’ll go back and sleep!"
	Then she tried to break away from his hand.
	However, the man’s palm was like an iron clamp pressing on her, and she could not move no matter how hard she tried.
	Natalia almost cried because of great anger.
	She was not only angry but also aggrieved. Finally, she helplessly threw her hand down and turned her head away.
	“Archie! You bully me!"
	Finally, Archie couldn’t help laughing.
	"Little girl, what a bad temper you have. I didn’t say anything scolding, so why are you so aggrieved? Huh?"
	He let go of her waist and pinched her chin with one hand, forcing her to turn around.
	Natalia struggled several times, but failed. On the contrary, her chin was pinched so hard by the man that she was forced to turn around to face him.
	The little woman’s face was full of anger. Her clear eyes were red at the moment, and there were even layers of misty moisture in her eyes, as if she was holding back her tears. As long as he said even one more word, she would cry out immediately.
	Archie was stunned.
	Looking at her red eyes, he seemed to go through history again. Many years ago, that stubborn girl in the rainy night, walked forward step by step in the mud, and refused to look back no matter how hard he shouted.
	His heart was touched by that scene as he looked at her red eyes.
	He pursed his lips, let go of her chin, and wiped her tears with his hand.
	"These couple of days, you are so busy and even don’t come back home. I didn’t blame you. I just tried to persuade you. Why are you crying? Does it make you so aggrieved?"
	His tone softened with a hint of helplessness.
	Natalia didn’t want to cry at first.
	Actually, she seldom cried, but she was too busy these days and she was in a very nervous mood. As soon as she came back home and faced the familiar environment, she immediately relaxed.
	Then she was scolded by this man in such a situation. All the bitterness and grievance accumulated in the past few days were immediately released.
	Soon, she cried harder and harder, without making any sound. However, her tears were like a downpour smashing down.
	Archie was amused by her look.
	But it also made him helpless.
	He had no choice but to take some tissue from the side and keep wiping her tears.
	Actually, he loved her look now. Her face was full of grievance and stubbornness, which was so cute.
	She had no idea how cute she was now.
	She was no longer cold and proud as she always was, nor as vigilant and strict as usual. She put down all her defenses and showed the most vulnerable part of her body in front of him without reservation, just like a child.
	After a long time, Natalia finally stopped crying and felt tired.
	She grabbed his sleeve and wiped her tears and snot on his sleeve, just like a kid getting into mischief.
	Archie was stiffed.
	Raising her eyebrows, Natalia looked at him and smiled wickedly.
	"Mr. McCarthy, never offend a woman next time. Look, this is the consequence of offending a woman."
	After saying that, she gave a heavy snort, like a proud winning peacock.
	Archie was speechless.
	Looking at his expensive sleeve stained with tears and snots, he was more speechless.
	After taking revenge, Natalia stood up and was about to leave.
	However, as soon as she lifted her body, the man’s wrist tightened and she had been pulled into his arms again.
	"Ah! What are you doing?"
	Archie held her tightly in his arms and approached her with his handsome face. He stared at her with a pair of deep jade-like eyes and said in a dangerous tone, "You want to run after playing such a trick to me, huh?"
	Being stared at by his gloomy eyes, Natalia found the danger in front of her.
	But she still tried to be proud and said, "It was you who bullied me first. I was just taking revenge.”
	The man sneered.
	"Revenge? It’s a good excuse. It seems that I should also take revenge."
	Then he lowered his head and kissed her on her lips.
	Natalia was shocked and her eyes widened.
	The man’s kiss was domineering. Even if she struggled hard, she couldn’t get herself free. On the contrary, it made the man take the opportunity to forcefully open her lips and teeth, and then invade her mouth.
	All of a sudden, his unique and cold breath came to her face, with a strong sense of monopolizing and domineering.
	Natalia was suffocated by his kiss. Just when she wanted to push him away, the man stepped back a little.
	However, when she came to her senses again, before she could say anything, her lips and tongue were immediately occupied again.
	She didn’t know how long the kiss lasted. Natalia was in a daze, and her brain seemed to be in a mess, and she completely lost her mind.
	A light scream came from outside.
	Natalia was shocked. She looked up and saw Mrs. Dottie standing at the door with several midnight snack boxes in her hands. Mrs. Dottie looked so embarrassed that her face flushed. She stood there and didn’t know whether she should leave or go in.
	"Sir... Sir, madam, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to disturb you. I’m leaving now."
	She said and was about to leave in a hurry.
	Archie’s face darkened as he snapped, "Come back!"
Chapter 132 Natalia Gets Ill
	Mrs. Dottie stopped, gritted her teeth behind them and cursed herself for being so stupid to come here at this time.
	She knew that Mr. and Mrs. McCarthy were in the study room. A handsome man and a beautiful woman were alone in one room in the middle of the night. They must have done something romantic. Why was she so stupid to come here to send the midnight snack?
	Could the snack be more tasteful than the beautiful woman?
	Blushing, Mrs. Dottie turned around and walked in again awkwardly.
	"Sir, madam, I come here to bring you some night snack."
	Mrs. Dottie smiled stiffly and looked at Natalia, who was still sitting on Archie’s lap, of course, being forced. She raised her hand to cover her face and hid her head in the man’s arms with her back to Mrs. Dottie, looking ashamed and indignant.
	The smile on Mrs. Dottie’s face suddenly deepened, and her eyes were filled with a trace of relief. She put the tray in her hand on the table beside.
	Archie didn’t say anything more. He just ordered, "Don’t come in carelessly when she and I are alone in the room."
	"Ah, yes! Yes! I see."
	"Okay, you can go now."
	"Yes, sir."
	Mrs. Dottie turned around and walked out of the room. She walked so happily as if she had won a lottery of five million.
	She was even considerate enough to close the door for them when she left.
	After Mrs. Dottie left, Archie looked down at the little woman in his arms.
	Her sexy thin lips curved up, and his eyes were full of smiles.
	"Still hiding? She has left."
	Natalia peeked at the door and saw that Mrs. Dottie had really left and even closed the door. Then she breathed a sigh of relief and raised her head.
	"It’s all your fault!"
	She punched the man on the shoulder, embarrassed and angry.
	Archie chuckled, "Well, it’s all my fault."
	His pampering and pleasant look made Natalia unable to release her anger.
	She just stared at him with her beautiful eyes.
	Archie had been being the winner tonight and was in a good mood. He didn’t want to trick her anymore, in case that it would really piss her off.
	So he pinched her soft waist and asked, "Do you want to eat something?"
	Although Natalia had dinner at night, she was busy with her work, so she didn’t eat enough. Now she was really hungry.
	But she still remembered that she was still angry with him just now, and he even suddenly kissed her when she was angry.
	It would be too embarrassing to eat with him now.
	The man seemed to see through her mind, and the smile in his eyes deepened. He even couldn’t stop smiling.
	"I’m hungry. So how about having some with me?"
	Natalia rolled her eyes up and down. She was thinking. Finally, she said with guilt, "Okay, for the sake of your request, I’ll eat with you!"
	Archie smiled, let go of her hand, and then walked out.
	There were two bowls of seafood porridge on the table, which looked delicious and smelled well.
	Natalia just felt a little hungry before, but now when she smelled the delicious porridge, her stomach suddenly growled.
	It was silence in the air for a moment.
	Her expression froze. She looked up at Archie and smiled awkwardly.
	"Well... You misheard. There is a frog outside!"
	Archie nodded meaningfully, "Yes, it’s a frog’s voice."
	However, the undisguised ridicule and smile in his eyes were clearly telling her that he had heard it. It was her stomach growling.
	Natalia was so ashamed. She didn’t know what to do.
	Fortunately, as long as she could be brave enough and pretended not to see his expression, the man would not expose her. The two of them finally finished their midnight snack in peace, and Natalia was very satisfied.
	She took the initiative to clean up the bowls and chopsticks. When she came back, Archie had already gone to the bathroom to take a shower.
	Natalia casually picked up a fashion magazine and leaned against the headboard to read it. It was the latest issue of this season, which published the latest style released by her favorite master Amy.
	After all, Amy was a world-famous designer and the model was also internationally famous, so the pages of it were big and long.
	Natalia turned a few pages casually. Her eyes suddenly froze.
	It was a photo of Selena Kawn in the magazine.
	Selena, a pure goddess in the dirty entertainment circle, highly educated, beautiful, and rich.
	As the only daughter of the Kawn family, one of the four most powerful families in Eqitin, Selena had a unique advantage. Although she graduated from a famous university abroad and had several degrees, she was obsessed with acting and chose to become an actress.
	Perhaps it was because of her age that her acting skills were not the best, but she was also outstanding among other female stars of her age.
	At least, she had starred in several popular movies, and the literary movie she acted in last year also won the international prize.
	What was more, she was quite famous, but very friendly and low-key in daily life. In the past seven years after she started her career, she had never been involved in any scandal, nor any defect that people found.
	She was like a perfect existence.
	It was hard for Natalia to believe Archie’s words that Selena was just an adopted daughter of the Kawn family.
	She didn’t know much about the Kawn family, but she also knew that Mr. Kawn and her wife were in a good relationship. As one of the most famous painters of this age, Mrs. Kawn often attended various public activities. And Natalia also had seen her on TV several times before.
	Mrs. Kawn was a stunning and gorgeous woman.
	Although her face was engraved with the marks of time, it did not affect her beauty at all. Instead, it brought more charms to her.
	Such a woman must have an excellent child!
	Thinking of the previous misunderstandings, Natalia suddenly smiled.
	She couldn’t forget it, but since she had chosen to believe him, there was no reason to think too much.
	Thinking of this, she put the magazine aside and didn’t read it again.
	A few days later.
	The first snow after spring came to Julio.
	The snowflakes were very small and turned into the water when they fell on one’s fingertips. Obviously, it was much warmer than the heavy snowy day before the new year.
	Even so, it was easy to catch a cold in the early spring, when the weather turned a little warm just now, and was still a little chilly.
	For example, Natalia fell ill because of the sudden snow.
	"Sir, madam just caught a cold, not a serious illness. You don’t have to be so nervous."
	Mrs. Dottie kindly advised, as she looked at Archie, who had been keeping a long face since he got up in the morning without showing any smile.
	Archie took a look at her, but his face was still sullen. He walked straight to the doctor who was checking on Natalia and asked, "How is she?"
	The doctor quickly stood up and replied respectfully, "It’s just a cold. Take some medicine and have a rest. Then she will be fine."
	Hearing this, Archie’s face softened a little.
	When the doctor went out to prescribe medicine for her, Natalia looked at him and couldn’t help smiling. "I’ve told you that I’m fine. You’re the only one who’s making a fuss. I just caught a cold. Don’t make everyone as nervous as you!”
	Archie glared at her. "How dare you say that? Who didn’t listen to me last night and even went out in the cold wind?"
	Natalia paused and felt a little guilty.
Chapter 133 His Aunt Has Come
	In fact, it was also because Natalia had been busy for such a long time, and she finally finished all the things in the past two days. Her tense nerves suddenly became soft.
	Coincidentally, it snowed yesterday. After dinner, Natalia took Archie to have a walk in the yard. The cold wind blew for a while, and then she got sick.
	Natalia knew it was her fault, so she didn’t dare to say anything more.
	After the doctor came in with the medicine, she took it obediently.
	Her delicate and vigorous face now became pale. Archie knew she was not feeling well, so he didn’t say anything.
	He told her to have a good rest at home and told Mrs. Dottie to take good care of her before he went out.
	Natalia lay at home in a daze for half a day. It was not until noon that she felt better. However, there was a loud noise downstairs.
	Natalia was a little surprised.
	As Archie’s personal residence in Julio, the McCarthy Mansion had seldom been visited by outsiders except for the servants.
	And the servants knew that she liked a quiet environment, so they would not make such a loud noise.
	Who was coming?
	When she was about to get up, she saw Mrs. Dottie running in a hurry.
	"Madam, something bad happened."
	Natalia frowned and asked, "What happened? Why is it so noisy downstairs?"
	Mrs. Dottie looked embarrassed. She said, "It’s Mr. McCarthy’s aunt."
	Natalia was stunned.
	She knew that Archie had an aunt called Faye McCarthy.
	It was said that Archie’s parents died at an early age in an accident. It was this aunt who brought him up.
	Normally, Archie should be very close to such a person. But for some reason, she had never heard Archie mention his aunt to her since the two of them had been together for so long.
	Even this aunt’s existence was known to Natalia by accident from somewhere else.
	As Natalia changed her clothes, she asked, "What’s wrong with her coming here? You look as if you are facing a formidable enemy."
	Mrs. Dottie was indeed a little nervous.
	"You don’t know. It’s hard to get well with her. Every time she comes here, she will find excuses to scold us. For the sake of her kindness to Mr. McCarthy, we don’t dare to say anything, but we also don’t dare to ignore her orders."
	Natalia nodded and said nothing.
	After changing her clothes, when she was about to go downstairs, she heard a woman shouting and cursing.
	"All of you are so stupid. Do you always serve your young master such a kind of tea? Is it because he treated you too well that you forget the rules?"
	Natalia frowned and walked down.
	In the living room, a middle-aged woman in white was scolding several servants.
	On the floor in front of her, there was a broken porcelain teapot. The tea was scattered all over the ground, in a mess.
	The servants lowered their heads and didn’t dare to speak. A few steps away from the door, there was another person standing.
	Natalia raised her eyebrows in surprise.
	"What happened?"
	She walked slowly down. When the servants heard her voice, they immediately looked at her excitedly as if they had seen a savior.
	The woman standing in the living room also noticed Natalia.
	She frowned and asked unhappily, "Who are you?"
	Mrs. Dottie hurriedly explained, "Madam, this is Mrs. McCarthy."
	Hearing this, Faye became even more displeased. She frowned and looked at Natalia inquisitively and vigilantly.
	Natalia smiled and stretched out her hand gracefully.
	"Hello, you can call me Natalia, if you don’t mind."
	Unexpectedly, the woman sneered.
	"It turns out that you are the b*tch that Archie lives with here. I thought you were something great, but it seems that you are just so so! Look at you! What are you wearing? Is it junk you picked up from the stall? The beggar on the roadside is better dressed than you!"
	Natalia was wearing a home dress at home. When she heard that a visitor had come, she changed into a new one casually.
	In fact, it wasn’t a bad dress. Archie always bought good dresses for her in this aspect. The cloakroom at home was almost as big as the area of three bedrooms in other families, but she liked wearing comfortable clothes at home.
	All the clothes in the bedroom were her favorite casual clothes, which were not particularly cheap. A set of clothes cost hundreds. The fabric was comfortable and the style was simple. She liked it very much.
	But in Faye’s eyes, they were nothing but cheap goods that couldn’t even compare to a beggar’s clothes.
	Natalia smiled and didn’t want to explain anything. After all, this woman was Archie’s aunt. As Archie’s wife, she was more or less unwilling to have a conflict with Archie’s aunt.
	Seeing that Natalia didn’t say anything, Faye thought this girl was scared, so she sneered again.
	"I heard that you have been with Archie for a period of time, right? It’s not easy for you. You are from an unknown family. You must have made a lot of effort to get close to Archie! However, there are always some things that people like you can’t get. Selena, do you think so?"
	Faye turned to Selena Kawn who was standing not far away and said.
	Holding her handbag, Selena walked up to Faye with a gentle smile and said, "Auntie, you are joking again."
	Her voice was extremely pleasant to hear. She looked gentle and demure, and the smile on her face was always gentle and polite, which made people involuntarily have a good impression of her.
	Especially when she stood beside the arrogant Faye, her gentle temperament became more outstanding, soft and quiet.
	Faye pursed her lips unhappily. "You are too reserved. You will never say out what you are thinking. If it weren’t for this, you would have been with Archie long ago. There would be no chance for those little b*tches outside."
	Everyone knew who she was referring to.
	Some of them couldn’t help feeling a little angry. After all, Natalia and Archie were legally married. Natalia was always good to the servants and never treated them harshly. If the servants had any request, she would also help. Everyone was convinced by Natalia.
	Everyone would feel uncomfortable if they heard someone was cursing Natalia like this.
	However, Natalia just smiled lightly, as if she hadn’t heard anything. She asked the servant to clean the residue on the ground and bring cups of tea here.
	"I didn’t know you and Miss Kawn would come here. I’m sorry for my neglect! Archie doesn’t like tea at home, so the tea you drank just now is usually made by me to kill time. Try this one, please.”
	She said and poured two cups of tea for each of them.
	Faye spoke so much for a long time, but Natalia didn’t respond at all. It was like a fist hitting soft cotton, which made her a little boring.
	Faye snorted, picked up the cup of tea and took a sip.
	The next second, she screamed and the teacup in her hand flew towards Natalia.
	"B*stard! Are you trying to scald me by giving me such hot tea?"
Chapter 134 To Find Archie
	Everyone was shocked.
	It was boiled tea water, and it would blister if someone touched it a little bit, not to mention that the whole cup of tea was poured directly on Natalia.
	Everyone looked nervously at Natalia, only to find that she had already dodged to the side, unharmed, and the teacup had fallen onto the opposite wall and shattered to pieces.
	Everyone was relieved.
	When they looked at Faye, they were even more indignant.
	Natalia was also a little angry.
	She respected Faye and didn’t want to argue with Faye because Faye had raised Archie before.
	But that didn’t mean that Faye could do whatever she wanted. Natalia couldn’t stand that Faye targeted her again and again without any reasonable excuse.
	With a cold face, Natalia said in a deep voice, "Aunt is old enough anyway. Don’t you understand that you have to wait until the tea is cold?”
	“Children in the kindergarten all know it, but you don’t know it. You still blame the person who poured the tea. Where are your eyes and fingers? Can’t you see the white steam coming from it and feel its temperature with your fingers? Why don’t you know it’s hot until it goes into your mouth?"
	Faye didn’t expect that Natalia would say that.
	As the youngest daughter of the McCarthy family, she had always enjoyed flattery and praise. She had never been humiliated like this before.
	But now, the woman in front of her dared to scold her!
	The children in the kindergarten were even better than her?
	God, who gave this woman so much courage? Did this woman know who she was?
	Not only Faye, but also Selena and a group of servants were shocked.
	They really admired Natalia’s courage.
	In the days without parents, Faye was very likely to be a mother for Archie.
	If that was the case, then Faye would be Natalia’s mother-in-law!
	How dare Natalia talk to her mother-in-law so rudely?
	What a brave woman Natalia was!
	Faye was so angry that she screamed loudly, "Who do you think you are? How dare you talk this to me? Do you know that I brought Archie up? You will never be here again as long as I said this to him!"
	"I know you brought Archie up, so I have been so polite to you. But in this world, not everyone knows to respect others even if they are treated politely. There are always some people who are arrogant and domineering in others’ place, just relying on their kindness before. In that case, I think I don’t need to tolerate them anymore."
	"You! You!"
	Pointing at Natalia, Faye couldn’t speak anything. Her face turned red with anger, but she still had no reason to refute Natalia.
	Seeing this, Selena frowned, went forward, and held Faye up.
	"Auntie, are you okay?"
	It took Faye a long time to calm down. She pointed at Natalia and nodded repeatedly.
	"Good, very good! It’s my first time to meet someone who dares to talk to me like this. Just wait and see! I’d like to see who Archie will choose between you and me."
	After saying that, Faye left angrily with Selena.
	The servants were so scared that they didn’t dare to make any sound.
	It was not until the sound of the engine of the car outside had gone far that Mrs. Dottie walked up to Natalia and said worriedly, "Madam, I’m afraid that she won’t forget this since she left so angrily like that. You..."
	Natalia lowered her eyes slightly. After a while, she said in a low voice, "Let her go!"
	She got what she had today by her own efforts, not by flattering anyone.
	She would abide by the most basic politeness between people, but if someone wanted to bully her, Natalia wouldn’t give in.
	No matter who it was!
	"But... Mr. McCarthy..."
	Mrs. Dottie asked worriedly.
	Natalia smiled faintly.
	"If he doesn’t believe me, then we will have no need to be a couple."
	Then she left directly.
	Mrs. Dottie stood still, confused.
	On the other side.
	In the McCarthy group.
	The door of the Chairman’s office was pushed open heavily. Archie frowned. As soon as he raised his head, he saw Faye in a gorgeous dress and Selena coming in.
	"Auntie, Archie is working. We..."
	"Selena, don’t stop me. That woman dared to do this to me. Shouldn’t I come to ask Archie for an explanation? He has to explain it to me today!"
	As the two of them spoke, they walked up to Archie.
	Archie stood up and took a look at Brian who was anxious but didn’t dare to stop Faye. Then he withdrew his gaze and looked at Faye in front of him.
	With a smile on his handsome face, he asked, "Aunt, when did you come?"
	Faye was wearing a white expensive suit. Although she was over forty years old, she still looked charming.
	But her angry look really affected her beauty.
	She took a deep breath and didn’t answer Archie’s question. Instead, she asked straightforwardly, "Archie, what’s wrong with you? We have introduced so many ladies from famous families to you in Eqitin, but you don’t like them at all. Now you picked so carefully yourself and even found such a ridiculous woman! What’s her advantage? Why did you have to marry her?”
	Archie was stunned, but then his face darkened.
	"Have you been to the McCarthy Mansion?"
	Faye got even angrier when she saw that Archie didn’t answer her question. Archie even asked her in an extremely serious tone.
	"What? Is there any treasure hidden so I can’t go there? Yes, I have been there, so what? Archie, what did that woman do to you? Why do you talk to your aunt in such a tone?"
	As she spoke, her eyes turned red with the grievance.
	Her resentment towards Natalia also deepened.
	Seeing this, Selena frowned and comforted Faye softly.
	"Auntie, don’t say that. Everyone knows that Archie has always been the most respectful to you, right?"
	As she spoke, she looked at Archie and winked at him secretly.
	But Archie pretended not to see it.
	"Aunt, Natalia is not a bad woman, nor is she that kind of woman. She is my wife, and McCarthy Mansion is her home. When you came here, you should have come to the company to find me first. You shouldn’t have come to find trouble for her. Now you didn’t make trouble successfully, so you can’t blame anyone else."
	His tone softened, but Faye refuted angrily.
	“Archie McCarthy! What are you talking about? What did you mean by saying that McCarthy Mansion is her home? That’s your place! It’s the McCarthy family’s territory! How can a woman with no use live there like its master?”
	"Aunt!"
	Archie said with a long face. This time, he became more serious.
	With a cold face, he looked at Faye and said in a deep voice, "I’ll repeat it for the last time. She’s my wife!"
	Faye was speechless.
	Seeing that the atmosphere between the two was serious, Selena hurried out to mediate.
	"Archie, Auntie is just provoked by Natalia. Please don’t take that seriously. And just now..."
	She bit her lips and said with difficulty, "Miss Natalia is indeed a little aggressive. Of course, I didn’t mean she is bad. But aunt is her elder, so she can’t say those words anyway!"
Chapter 135 It Has Nothing to Do with You
	Archie glanced at Selena.
	"Oh? What did she say?"
	"She said..." Selena hesitated for a moment. "She said that even the children in the kindergarten know more than auntie. She said auntie has no eyes and fingers, and said that auntie was arrogant and domineering..."
	Faye sobbed to cooperate with Selena’s words.
	"Archie, look, is this what a junior should say to an elder? Even if she doesn’t care about the McCarthy family, she should be polite to me for the sake of me bringing you up. But look at what she has done to me!"
	The more she said, the more aggrieved she became. Her tears were like the downpour that could not be stopped.
	Selena hurriedly took a tissue to wipe her tears and comforted her, "Auntie, don’t be so sad. Archie will feel sorry for you if he sees you’re so sad."
	Faye took the tissue and wiped her tears. "Will he feel sorry for me? He has already been obsessed with that woman. How can he care about me?"
	Archie paused and pinched between his eyebrows.
	"Aunt, tell me, what did you say to Natalia?"
	"I..."
	Faye was speechless. After hesitating for a while, she bit the bullet and said, "What can I say? You’ve been hiding her there and refusing to take her home all the time. I was just curious about her so I went there to have a look. What else could I do to her?"
	Archie sneered, "Really? Just go there to have a look?"
	"Of... Of course!"
	Faye’s guilty expression was so clear on her face, which amused Archie.
	"Well, aunt, you know what you have done. Since Natalia has fought back, I won’t make a fuss about it. If you have nothing else to say, I’ll go to work. I’m busy!"
	After saying that, he sat back in his seat and really ignored the two women there.
	Faye was so angry that she wanted to say something, but Selena just pulled Faye’s clothes to stop her.
	Selena smiled at her and shook her head. Faye managed to hold back her anger and left angrily.
	Although Faye left, Selena didn’t leave in a hurry.
	She stood there, wearing a light Khaki cashmere dress and black sheepskin boots. She looked light and fashionable.
	She looked at the handsome and cold man sitting behind the desk and felt her heart beating fast and fast like a dense drum, out of order.
	Feeling the burning sight from above, Archie finally raised his head impatiently.
	A pair of black and cold eyes stared at her and asked, "Anything else?"
	Selena paused for a moment.
	Her skin was extremely fair, with a trace of the abnormal color of disease. She forced a smile when she was stared at by Archie’s cold eyes.
	"Nothing. It’s just that we haven’t seen each other for a long time. I even don’t know that you have married a wife. Are you... in a good relationship?"
	Archie paused for a moment and stared at her with his deep eyes.
	Instead of refusing the question, he just sneered lightly.
	"Miss Kawn, you’re smart, so you should know if we’re in a good relationship."
	Selena was speechless.
	There was an invisible embarrassment in the room.
	She forced a smile and said, "Yes, it’s good. But I think Miss Natalia has a strong personality. Anne is still young. I’m afraid that they won’t be able to get along with each other. At that time..."
	"It has nothing to do with you."
	The man’s voice was ruthless and cold. Selena was shocked and looked at him in disbelief.
	It has nothing to do with you.
	How could these simple words be so merciless? The words had cut off her relationship with him completely.
	Her eyes turned a little red. After a long time, she said with difficulty, "Archie, if you are blaming me for leaving you alone five years ago, I apologize to you. But Anne is still a child. She is innocent. She shouldn’t take the responsibility for the things between us adults..."
	"What are you talking about?"
	Archie frowned unhappily and looked at her with obvious impatience.
	"I mean, even if we have broken up, I have watched Anne grow up. If she is not happy..."
	"Miss Kawn, I didn’t know that you misunderstood our relationship so deeply!"
	Archie interrupted her without hesitation, as if he didn’t want to see her continue to be touched by herself.
	"We have never been together. How could we break up? Besides, Anne is my daughter. Whether she is happy or not doesn’t need an outsider to judge!"
	Selena didn’t know what to say.
	She stayed there completely. The man’s cold face and ruthless words were deeply stabbed into her heart like a sword.
	She didn’t expect that the relationship between them after so many years became nothing to him.
	She shook her head, tears rolling down involuntarily. She opened her mouth and wanted to say something, but the man interrupted her impatiently.
	"Well, you can go out if you don’t have anything else!"
	...
	Finally, Selena cried and ran out.
	With a document in hand, Brian walked in and just brushed past her. Seeing that she cried and left, Brian touched his chest with lingering fear and then walked into the office.
	"Mr. McCarthy, why did your aunt and Miss Kawn leave like that?”
	Archie raised his eyebrows and glanced at Brian.
	"How is everything at home?"
	Hearing that, Brian was stunned for a while. Then he got his sense back and quickly answered, "Everything is fine. I just called and asked Mrs. Dottie. Mrs. Dottie said that Mrs. McCarthy is in a good mood and even ate much at noon!”
	Archie frowned.
	Just as Brian thought he was going to say something very serious, he suddenly said, "How could she eat so much when she is sick? Didn’t she know that she couldn’t eat much when she gets sick?”
	Brian was speechless.
	‘Mr. McCarthy, don’t you think you have focused on an unimportant matter?’ Brian thought like this.
	In the evening, Archie returned to the McCarthy Mansion.
	In the afternoon, Natalia lay in bed for a long time. After taking the medicine, she had recovered a lot. At night, she was bored and even cooked several dishes herself.
	That was what Archie saw when he returned home.
	All the people in the kitchen were not allowed in. The little woman in the home dress was wearing an apron, standing there with a spoon stirring the soup in the pot.
	She scooped out a little and stretched out her neck as if she wanted to taste it. Half of her snow-white neck was exposed in the warm yellow light, and a few strands of black hair fell cutely on her shoulders, swaying slightly with her movements.
	Archie felt a little itchy when he saw this scene. He waved his hand to ask Mrs. Dottie out, and then walked over quietly.
	Natalia had cooked soup today. She felt that no matter what had happened, she couldn’t let it affect her mood to eat.
	When she was about to taste it, she suddenly felt someone approaching behind her.
	She thought it was a servant in the kitchen, so she didn’t turn around and asked casually, "What time is it? If it’s about time, please bring the dishes to the dining room. The soup doesn’t taste well and needs to be cooked a little longer... "
Chapter 136 Blood In the Bathroom
	Before Natalia finished her words, she suddenly felt warm on her back. Then her waist was wrapped by a pair of hands.
	She was startled, letting out a scream. When she turned around, she saw the man’s smiling handsome face.
	“Archie?” Natalia breathed a sigh of both relief and shock, “Why didn’t you tell me when you came in? You freaked me out!”
	As she spoke, she patted herself on the chest.
	She was wearing a loose v-neck t-shirt. When she bent down her head, Archie could see her delicate collarbones.
	Archie’s eyes were darkened. He didn’t speak. Lowering his head, he pecked on her lips first and then started to kiss her eyebrows and eyes.
	Natalia was confused by his sudden enthusiasm. She was quite slim, trapped between his chest and the glass worktop. She couldn’t dodge at all but only be forced to hold her head up and feel his kiss.
	Archie kissed her for a long while before letting her go. With his forehead pressing hers, he chuckled.
	Natalia gasped for several breaths and finally came back her to senses, still a bit confused.
	“Why? What happened?”
	Archie seemed quite abnormal today.
	He was always enthusiastic to her, but he still paid attention to the occasion. He wouldn’t do anything intimate to her in a place like the kitchen at all.
	Natalia wondered what was wrong with him today.
	Archie smiled. Reaching out, he tossed the hair behind her ear. He whispered to ask, “Have you met my aunt?”
	Natalia was taken aback.
	Gazing at him with her watery eyes, she asked, “How did you know?”
	“She came to find me in my company earlier.”
	“To complain about me?”
	Archie was quite honest. He didn’t hide it, nodding.
	Natalia felt quite amused. She slightly took a step back, leaning against the worktop. However, she was still in the man’s arms.
	Holding her arms, she said with a faint smile, “I’ve offended your aunt who has brought you up. Mr. McCarthy, how will you punish me?”
	Archie raised his eyebrows.
	“Well, I must punish you.”
	Suddenly, he bent down his head, his face approaching her.
	When their lips almost touched, Natalia immediately moved back.
	Feeling guilty, she took a glance at the door of the kitchen. After ensuring that no one was peeping, she said in an embarrassed and angry tone, “What are you doing? Stop it!”
	Archie giggled.
	He was quite tall with his long legs. His arms were stretching to each side of her body. His shadow almost covered her completely. Even the air seemed to be fulfilled with happiness and sweetness.
	Natalia blushed for some reason. She didn’t know what this man was doing. Seeing that he was motionless, she reached out to push his chest.
	“If you don’t have anything to do, just go out. I haven’t finished cooking the soup yet.”
	Archie grabbed her hand.
	“My aunt is quite short-tempered. She always believes others easily. But she’s not a bad person. I do apologize on her behalf to you. It won’t happen again in the future.”
	Natalia was slightly taken aback.
	Looking up at the man in front of her, she saw the soft light fall from above his head, covering his cool and handsome face with a hazy halo.
	She had never expected that he would say those words to her.
	Actually, she didn’t feel aggrieved, but she felt quite uncomfortable. However, in her opinion, the relationship between Archie and her was different from that between her and his aunt.
	Hence, even if he didn’t explain, she wouldn’t care at all.
	However, this man...
	She felt warmth from the bottom of her heart, which warm up her whole heart.
	Natalia curled up her lips into a smile. Shaking her head, she said, “I didn’t take it to heart. In fact, I also spoke some words that I shouldn’t. After all, she’s your aunt and has brought you up. I hope my words wouldn’t hurt the relationship between her and you.”
	Archie smiled.
	Reaching out to rub her hair, he said in a doting tone, “Silly girl!”
	...
	They didn’t leave the kitchen until a long while later.
	In the evening, Mr. K called Natalia, telling her that his investigation had some progress.
	Five years ago, Aleena transferred a huge amount of money to a bank account. The account owner was an auto-repair man, named Erik Spears.
	Back then, Kiera often went to the auto-repair plant Erik Spears worked in. As long as her car had any problem, she would send the car to that plant.
	Mr. K wanted to catch the man and let Natalia interrogate Erik Spears in person, but some accident happened on the way. He ran away.
	Upon hearing the news, Natalia felt as if her heart was pinched by a huge hand.
	After taking a few deep breathes, she finally suppressed the anger in her chest. She said solemnly, “I got it.”
	Mr. K comforted her on the phone, “Although we didn’t catch him, we managed to have the evidence. Your mother’s car accident must have something to do with that woman. What’s your plan next then?”
	“She killed my mother. She should pay with her life.”
	“But the evidence in your hand isn’t enough to sue them for murder.”
	“Ho! Really? Then we can do it step by step. I’ll make them return all the things that they have snatched from my mother and make them pay the price for whatever they framed me before.”
	...
	On the second day.
	A shrill scream was heard in Dawson Mansion suddenly.
	“Bang!” The door of the bathroom was smashed open. Jessica trotted out with a pale face.
	“What’s wrong? What happened?”
	Upon hearing the exclaim, Aleena rushed over with the servants as well as Philip, who had just got home.
	Holing the wall, with an extremely pale face, Jessica pointed in the direction where the bathroom was with her trembling fingers.
	“Blood... So much blood...”
	“What?”
	Everyone raised their head and looked over at the bathroom, only to find that the white floor was covered with blood.
	The crimson blood came out from the corner, just like the equinox flower blossom in hell, impacting everyone’s sight.
	All of them looked pale. Aleena looked annoyed. Philip roared in anger, “What’s going on here? Who cleaned the bathroom today?”
	A servant stood out in the crowd timidly. “Mr. Dawson, I did it.”
	Philip pointed at the blood on the floor. “What’s this? Is that how you do your job?”
	The servant immediately shook her head, looking quite shocked and horrified.
	“Mr. Dawson, I have nothing to do with it. I have cleaned the bathroom. I also don’t know where the blood was from.”
	“If you don’t know, who else would? You’re in charge of it. Except you, is there anyone in the house who has come in?”
	“But I truly haven’t done anything. Mr. Dawson, I like my job here. Why would I have to do such a thing? It’s really not me!”
	The servant was so panicked, almost bursting into tears. With a tightened face, after a moment of silence, Jessica said in a deep tone, “Dad, I don’t think she has done it.”
	Of course, Philip although thought so. However, he was quite panic and couldn’t blame anyone for it for the time being, so he vented his anger on the servant.
Chapter 137 Who Did It
	Upon hearing it, Philip looked over at Jessica nervously. “Jessica, what on earth is going on? How could such a thing appear in our house so suddenly? It’s really a big sign.”
	Jessie took a deep breath.
	“I don’t know what happened either. However, since it appeared in our house, we should gather everyone together and do some investigation.”
	Philip nodded.
	“That makes sense. Just do what you suggested.”
	Right then, they heard Clara’s old voice.
	“What happened? Why are you all standing here?”
	Seeing her, Philip looked like a drowning man who had seen the last straw to save his life. He trotted over immediately.
	“Mom, here you came finally! Come to have a look. I don’t know what’s going on here.”
	As he spoke, he led Clara to the door of the bathroom.
	Seeing the blood on the floor, Clara immediately looked annoyed.
	She paced the floor with her walking stick heavily. “Bastard! Who did it?”
	Aleena explained, “We don’t know yet. Jessica found it when using the bathroom in the morning.”
	“We didn’t have any guests at home in the past two days. The bathroom was cleaned every day. It has to be someone in this house. Look into the matter! No matter who did it, we must find out the person!”
	The mansion became chaotic in an instant.
	Shortly after, someone found a clue.
	The blood on the floor was pig blood. At half past seven this morning, a delivery man sent over a few boxes. He used the bathroom.
	Of course, the servant didn’t allow him to use the bathroom that Jessica used. However, the bathroom that the delivery man used was pretty close to Jessica’s bathroom.
	At that time, all the servants were quite busy in the house, so naturally, they didn’t pay any attention to it.
	Soon, the delivery man just left. Later, when Jessica got up to use the bathroom, she found the blood.
	Since the truth was found out, all of them couldn’t help but heave sighs of relief.
	Although they didn’t know the motivation and purpose why the other party had done so, as long as it wasn’t done by anyone in the house, they didn’t have to be worried.
	Right then, Jessica’s phone started ringing.
	She pulled it out to take a look at the screen, and it was from Shawn.
	Shawn had known that she was taking a rest recently, so in order not to disturb her, he seldom called her so early.
	Hence, Jessica was a bit surprised to receive his call.
	When the call was connected, she heard Shaw say in a panic, “Jessica, have you checked the news online yet?”
	Jessica was taken aback, feeling quite confused, “Not yet. I just got up. What’s wrong?”
	“You’d better check the news online. They are all about you. Call me after you’ve read them.”
	After that, he hung up the phone.
	Jessica was a bit confused. She logged on to Twitter and checked her news.
	Her expression changed dramatically.
	A lot of posts about her family background had appeared online.
	Some said her mother was a mistress and she was an illegitimate child. Some even said that they murdered Philip’s first wife just because she and her mother wanted to get into the rich family.
	She checked the very first post about her that day and found it was posted right after midnight. A lot of influential accounts had forwarded this post. Right then, there was an uproar about her online.
	There were even some trending topics.
	Jessica wondered what was going on.
	Seeing that her expression was quite abnormal, Aleena approached and took a look. When she saw that she was called a murderer, she could not help but tremble violently.
	“Those... those are all bullshit! All rumors! I’m going to sue them!”
	Neither Philip nor Clara knew what happened. They frowned. When they pulled out their phones and read the news, their expressions changed as well.
	“Who the hell is behind it? First, the pig blood was poured into our house. Now this kind of post was posted online. Obviously, it targeted Jessica and our Dawson family!”
	Clara was furious. Philip sneered.
	“Who else could it be? Except for that damned girl, nobody else dared to post such news in public.”
	“Do you mean Natalia?”
	Aleena pretended to be surprised. “I... I don’t think it was she. What’s so good for her if she had made the Dawson family doomed?”
	“Humph! Haven’t you understood yet? As long as we don’t have a good life, she’ll be delighted. The damned girl! If I had known it, I shouldn’t have kept her more than twenty years ago. Finally, I managed to get rid of that woman. Now, she’s making trouble to me!”
	Before Philip finished his complaint, Clara glared at him fiercely to make him stop.
	He suddenly stopped and shushed.
	Clara said in a solemn tone, “No matter who has done it, we must resolve the current problems. Jessica, call your agent as soon as possible. I’ll also ask someone to clarify the rumors for you. Ask the attorney to get prepared. They could send those people the lawyer’s letter later. As for the company, although it’s Dawson Group now, a lot of senior shareholders were still from the original Hawkins Group. So far, we can’t do anything to them yet. I’m afraid the news can’t be suppressed right now. We must convince them and calm them down. That’s all. Go ahead.”
	Upon hearing Clara’s order, none of them spoke. They went to take action.
	However, Clara went back to her room alone.
	“Philip, come with me.”
	“Yes, Mother.”
	Philip followed Clara into her room. Clara sat on a dark red rocking chair. Rubbing her temples tiredly, she asked, “Have you met that girl recently?”
	Philip knew whom she referred to without asking.
	In a hurry, he answered, “No, I haven’t.”
	“Did Jessica piss her off again?”
	“I don’t think so. Jessica is preparing for a new project, so she has been reading the scripts all day long. She seldom goes out.”
	“Then she still hates us for what we did last time? Because of Randy Kruf?”
	Philip sneered.
	“I don’t care if she hates us or not. Anyway, she always treats our family in this way. She never cares about what would happen to us. I regret keeping her back them. Now she has become such a disaster to me.”
	Clara cast him a glance, her pale eyes full of shrewdness.
	“You can complain like this to me in private. You can’t mention it again in the presence of Aleena and Jessica.”
	Philip was startled.
	Then he curled his lips in disdain, muttering, “We’re family. Why do I need to hide it?”
	Although he was whispering, how could Clara ignore what he said?
	She said solemnly, “Your wife seems to love you a lot, but how can you know what she really thinks. Back then, she could drive the car to hit Kiera to death without any hesitation or a blink. She must be quite ruthless. Nowadays, people always changed their minds. You’d better not tell her everything. As for Jessica...”
Chapter 138 Meeting Anne Again
	Clara paused a bit, heaving a sigh.
	“She’s a filial girl. Unfortunately, she’s a girl and will eventually get married. I don’t think she could inherit such a big family and business.”
	Philip stiffened, looking at her gingerly.
	Clare reached out and picked up the teacup next to her, taking a sip. Then she continued, “Hubert is coming back recently, isn’t he?”
	Hubert Dawson, Philip’s nephew, was the only son of Clara’s youngest son. He was Clare’s grandson.
	Since Philip married Kiera, the daughter of the richest family in Julio, the Dawson family also climbed up the social ladder rapidly.
	Unfortunately, the Dawson family didn’t have many family members. Clara only had two sons.
	Philip’s younger brother, Percy had passed away because of an illness, leaving a pregnant wife. Later, Kiera sympathized with them a lot, so she helped them move to Julio and bought them a house.
	Percy’s wife, Amy, was a cold and aloof woman. Although she and her son were staying in the same city with them, she seldom contacted the Dawson or the Hawkins family.
	Kiera respected her. Since she knew that Amy didn’t want to keep in touch with them, she didn’t pay much attention to Amy and her son if there was nothing important.
	Only ten years ago, when Hubert was going abroad, Amy didn’t have much money at that time, so Kiera helped them again.
	Although they should be quite close, they didn’t keep in touch in the past, which was kind of weird.
	Upon hearing Clara’s questions, Philip nodded, his eyes twinkling.
	“Yes. I called him earlier. He said he’s coming back in April this year.”
	“Good. As long as he’ll come back. He’s a child of our Dawson family, and he’s a straight A-student, a smart kid. I believe Dawson Group will develop better after he takes it over.”
	Philip frowned subtly.
	Clara didn’t speak anything else. Waving her hand, she said, “All right. Go ahead to deal with the things you should. I’m so tired now. I’ll take a nap.”
	Philip nodded. “Okay, Mother.”
	...
	On the other side.
	Natalia was fully concentrated on her work.
	Curtis had a pretty tight schedule recently, but those were some minor commercial activities. After all, he had just come back to Ambario, he was still deciding on the bigger activities.
	The only big activity recently should be his concert, which was held particularly for his fans.
	It was a small concert, and would only be held once. It would last for two hours, and there were only a small amount of tickets, either. It wasn’t a commercial activity. He held such a concert just because he had come back to Ambario not long ago. Although he had a lot of fans, due to his limited domestic activities, he didn’t have many loyal fans.
	Most of them only fancied his appearance or only showed their occasional interests to him.
	The small concert that Natalia was planning for him was like a meet-and-greet for him, just for drawing him closer to the audience, so that he would have some loyal fans soon.
	After all, it was quite different in Ambario and overseas – they must have the ability to protect Curtis from the anti-fans and fake fans. When Curtis was developing his career abroad, he didn’t pay attention to those factors, so he didn’t have much experience in being an idol. This concert was also a foundation for their efforts in the future.
	The concert was a big success. As an experienced superstar in the entertainment business, Curtis knew how to obtain his fans’ hearts very well.
	Just after he had sung a few songs, the fans offstage had screamed themselves hoarsely. The atmosphere at the scene was extremely good.
	Natalia kept an eye on the concert in person. Seeing such a result, she finally breathed a sigh of relief.
	When she was about to leave before the concert ended, she saw a familiar small figure in the corner of the auditorium.
	Anne?
	She wondered why the little girl was here.
	Natalia looked around carefully but didn’t find any adult next to her.
	The little girl was sitting there alone, watching the stage concentrated. Her tender and fair face were covered by the black shadow, making Natalia feel so sorry for her.
	In a hurry, Natalia strode over.
	“Hey, Anne? Why are you here alone? Where is your family?”
	The little girl withdrew her gaze from the stage. When seeing her, Anne widened her eyes in surprise.
	“Mommy!”
	She hopped off from the chair delightfully, pouncing at Natalia.
	Natalia hurriedly reached out and caught her. Meanwhile, an employee, who came to report to her, gaped.
	“Is Miss Dawson married already?”
	“Miss Dawson even already has a child?”
	Inwardly, the employee couldn’t help but exclaim, wondering what a big gossip they had missed.
	Natalia didn’t know what was going on in the employee’s mind at all. She took over the report from the employee and asked her to go back to her work first.
	Then she put down the little girl. Looking at her seriously, Natalia asked, “Anne, why are you here alone? Where is your great-grandmother?”
	Since she mentioned it, Anne curled her lips immediately.
	“My great-grandmother and I got lost again. Mommy, why don’t you take me home? Let me stay with you.”
	“Uh...”
	Natalia was startled and found it hilarious.
	“Anne, you can’t speak such words to a stranger. It’ll be quite dangerous. Tell me. Where did you get lost with your great-grandmother? I can take you to find her.”
	Anne tilted her head, blinking at Natalia with her big eyes.
	“But, we’re not strangers. Mommy, you are the best mommy in the world. How can you be a stranger?”
	Natalia smiled helplessly.
	She squatted down and explained patiently, “But we’ve just met each other not long ago. If I have an evil mind, you’ll be in danger, won’t you?”
	Upon hearing it, Anne looked as if she was thinking about her words carefully.
	After a long while, she nodded reluctantly.
	“All right. I know you said that for my own good. I accept your kindness.”
	As she spoke, she patted Natalia’s head seriously as if she was saying, “All right. I know you don’t believe there’s true love in this world, but I don’t mind. I respect your opinion.”
	Natalia found it all the more hilarious. Since there was no one around, she lifted Anne.
	“Okay, Anne. Tell me. Where did you get lost? I’m taking you to find your great-grandmother now.”
	Anne seemed to be a bit reluctant, but she still nodded in agreement.
	“Okay!”
	She showed Natalia that her great-grandmother and she were separated by the crowd when entering the concert hall.
	Upon hearing it, Natalia was so angry.
	How careless Anne’s parents were!
	Anne was so little and they just let such an old lady take care of her. Natalia wondered why they could rest assured of that.
	Her great grandmother was old already, so she couldn’t hold Anne for a long time. Anne was still a little kid. Once they went to a crowded place, it was pretty easy for them to separate.
	Natalia wondered what was on the mind of Anne’s parents.
	While inwardly cursing, Natalia asked the staff working at the front desk to help them look for the granny.
	Anyway, everyone who had come here for the concert should be in the hall right now and hadn’t left yet.
Chapter 139 Destined
	After telling the front desk staff, since they might not be able to find the granny so fast, Natalia didn’t think it would be so proper to stay at the entrance.
	Hence, she took Anne to the lounge backstage.
	Right then, Curtis happened to be taking a break. He had changed his costume and was drinking a bottle of water, taking the two-minute break.
	Seeing Natalia came in with a little girl in her arms and hearing the girl calling her Mommy, Curtis was so shocked that his eyes almost popped out.
	“Wait! Natalia, you can’t tell me this is your daughter. I heard you’re married. But when do you have such a big kid?”
	Natalia eyed him fiercely. “Shut up. I know you are not mute.”
	“Eh... No way... Where did you get this little pinky girl from?”
	Natalia put the little girl to sit down and sent someone to buy some drinks that kids liked. She explained, “I have the fate with this little girl. I’ve met her twice, both because she got lost. Since I saw her, I can’t leave her alone outside. I’ve sent someone to find her family, so I just took her here for the time being.”
	Only then did Curtis understand.
	He asked curiously, “But, why does she call you Mommy?”
	Upon hearing his question, Natalia felt a migraine.
	She didn’t know why the little girl called her Mommy as soon as she saw her and kept calling her this way.
	Helplessly, she squatted down and looked into Anne’s eyes, staring at her seriously.
	“Anne, could you change the way to address me in the future?”
	Anne blinked her watery big eyes and asked in confusion, “Why?”
	“Because I’m not your Mommy. If you call me in this way, your real mommy would feel upset. You don’t want your mommy to be upset, do you?”
	Anne curled her lips.
	“But, I don’t have a mommy!”
	Natalia was taken aback.
	So was Curtis.
	They never expected that such a cute little girl didn’t have a mother.
	Natalia just felt as if part of her heart was pinched fiercely, feeling a strong pain.
	Immediately, she hugged the little girl, who almost burst into tears. Patting her on the back, Natalia said, “Good girl, Anne. Don’t cry. It’s my fault. You can call me whatever you like in the future. It’s alright.”
	Anne slightly sobbed. Then she raised her chubby hand to wipe off her invisible tears.
	Looking at Natalia in a grievance, she said, “I won’t call you Mommy from now on. May I call you Aunt, please?”
	Natalia nodded immediately.
	“Of course. You may.”
	Curtis said with a smile. “This little girl is so adorable. If I haven’t known your relationship, I would have believed she’s your daughter. She looked like you. Why don’t you become her godmother? She likes you so much.”
	Natalia turned around and glared at him.
	“Stop talking nonsense!”
	Although she liked Anne as well, she wasn’t familiar with Anne’s family. If she wanted to be Anne’s godmother, she must obtain her parents’ permission.
	Curtis smiled. He didn’t speak anything else.
	Bending over, he started teasing Anne. “Little girl, do you know who I am?”
	Anne tilted her head, blinking at Curtis.
	“I’ve seen you before. You are Curtis!”
	Curtis immediately laughed out.
	“Yeah. I’m Curtis! Nice to meet you, sweetheart.”
	Then he bumped Natalia with his elbow proudly. “Have you heard it? She called you Aunt but called me by my name. Natalia, you’ve come back to Ambario for two years. It’s time for you to do some skincare. You can’t keep going aged.”
	Natalia pinched him on his waist violently.
	“Curtis, you have a death wish, don’t you?”
	Curtis groaned and dodged. Then with a cheeky smile, he said, “Don’t be mad. I was just kidding. You are still pretty. No one can compare to you in my heart.”
	Natalia gritted her teeth. “Stop being so proud. After all, I don’t have such a big nephew like you.”
	Upon hearing it, Curtis was taken aback.
	The makeup artist couldn’t help but burst into laughter and only then did he understand what Natalia meant by tit.
	Since Anne called Natalia Aunt and called Curtis by his name, Curtis was in the same generation as Anne. Hence, Natalia could naturally treat him as her nephew in this case.
	Upon realizing it, Curtis looked annoyed.
	“Anne, you can call me Uncle in the future, Uncle Curtis. OK?”
	Anne curled her eyes when smiling. “Curtis, you are an idol. An idol can’t get old. If I called you uncle, it meant you are aged, so I can’t call you Uncle Curtis.”
	Curtis was rendered speechless.
	He was so annoyed.
	This little girl seemed to know a lot.
	Finally, he couldn’t insist on it. Without any self-confidence, he clenched his fists and squeezed a few words between his teeth. “I’m an idol? I’m an actor! An accomplished star. Alright?”
	Right then, the field assistant came to urge him, “Excuse me, Mr. Chapman, the break time is over. All your fans outside are urging you now. Please go back to the stage!”
	Curtis snorted loudly. Then he swaggered out arrogantly.
	Almost half an hour later, she received a call from the front desk. They said a granny asked them to look for a child. After asking her for the details, they believe it should be Anne’s great-grandmother.
	Hence, Natalia held Anne to the front desk. Sure enough, she saw the gray-haired granny who she had met last time standing there, looking quite anxious.
	The granny was quite aged, almost in her seventies. However, she had been taken good care of, so she looked quite healthy and energetic.
	However, Natalia didn’t have the heart to scold a granny. After all, if there would be anyone to blame, Anne’s father should be blamed. He was so irresponsible to let the granny and a little kid go out alone. It shouldn’t be the granny’s fault.
	Once she put down Anne, the little girl trotted to the granny enthusiastically.
	“Great-grandmother!”
	“Anne!”
	The granny hugged the little girl delightfully. Then she stood up and looked at Natalia with a smiley face.
	“Miss, you helped me find Anne again. It seems we’re destined to meet.”
	Natalia forced a smile. “Ah, it’s just a lift of finger.”
	“Oh, it might be so to you, but for me, you helped me a lot. I don’t know how to thank you. How about this? Will you be free later? How about I treat you to a dinner?”
	Natalia subconsciously wanted to refuse. “No, thanks, Ma’am. I still have work in the afternoon...”
	Before Natalia finished her words, the little girl interrupted her, "Aunt Natalia, please! Let’s have dinner together. I want to have dinner with you...”
	She tugged Natalia’s hand, swinging and shaking it slightly. Raising her small head to stare at Natalia with her black eyes, she looked so pitiful that Natalia failed to reject.
Chapter 140 She Got Married
	Natalia’s heart seemed to melt immediately.
	She looked over at the granny, who was also staring at her with a begging look. How could she turn the granny and the little girl down?
	Finally, Natalia gave up her appointed business dinner in the evening. She drove the granny and the little girl to a parent-child restaurant in the city center.
	The decoration in this restaurant was quite warm and harmonious. It was the first time that Natalia came here.
	Besides them, a lot of parents took their kids over for dinner.
	The dining tables were on one side of the restaurant, and on the other side was a small amusement park.
	After ordering the dishes, Natalia encouraged Anne to go play with other kids in the amusement park because it would take a bit of time to wait for the dishes.
	However, Anna shook her head. Looking at the kids over there, she looked disdainful and alert.
	Natalia also noticed it. Although the little girl looked enthusiastic, inwardly, she did not like being with people that much in nature.
	She wondered what her parents would be like.
	However, Anne was quite intimate with her since they first met, which made Natalia felt a bit weird.
	“Miss, I can tell Anne likes you so much. Usually, she doesn’t like getting closer to a stranger at all. Even in our family, except for the closest ones, she wasn’t willing to let others approach her. However, since you first met, she has liked you so much. I believe that’s called fate,” said the granny slowly.
	Smiles were written all over her face and eyes.
	Natalia also smiled. She turned around to look at Anne, stroking her hair gently.
	“Exactly. I also believe that we have the fate. Not only she likes me, but I also like her.”
	Upon hearing it, Anne curled her smiling eyes at her joyfully, like a coquettish kitten.
	Natalia became so obsessed with her cuteness.
	The granny said with a smile, “By the way, you’ve helped us twice already, but I still don’t know your name.”
	“Natalia. You can just call me Natalia.”
	“Oh, I like your name, Miss Dawson. You looked so young. Do you have a boyfriend?”
	Natalia curled up her lips.
	“I’m married.”
	“Oh?”
	The granny looked quite surprised. Then she said with a smile, “Well, it’s not surprising though. You are such an outstanding girl. You must have a lot of admirers. Who’s so lucky to marry you?”
	Natalia didn’t intend to disclose so much information about Archie to an outsider. Hence, she said with a smile, “He’s an outstanding man. I’m so lucky.”
	“Well, I can tell that your manners are extraordinary, and your appearance is noble. Probably he’s the lucky one.”
	Natalia laughed out, but she didn’t give any remarks about it.
	The dishes were served pretty soon. Natalia didn’t like talking while eating, but the granny kept chatting with her. Hence, she had to echo the granny from time to time.
	“Natalia, you are so pretty. I’m sure your husband must treat you well. Have you got any plan to have a baby?”
	Natalia almost got choked up by the food in her mouth. She hurriedly took a sip of the water and answered, “So far we don’t have such a plan yet.”
	“I see!”
	Natalia wondered if that was her illusion – after she answered this question, the granny knitted her brows somewhat.
	Feeling the atmosphere was becoming a bit awkward, immediately, Natalia changed the subject.
	“By the way, did you come to Julio for a trip with Anne alone? Did you have any friend or family here with you?”
	Earlier, Anne told her that she came to Julio for a trip with her great-grandmother.
	The granny shook her head. “Nope. Only two of us came here.”
	Natalia subconsciously frowned.
	“Please excuse me if I’m too rude – although I don’t know Anne’s father, I believe he’s too careless that he dared to let you take Anne here for a trip alone. What if something happens to you?”
	The granny explained with a smile, “It won’t happen. We’re quite careful. Besides, there are always more kind people in this world. If we’re in trouble, we can ask them for help. Didn’t we meet a kind-hearted lady like you?”
	Looking at the optimistic granny, Natalia twitched her mouth corners but didn’t give any remarks.
	She had experienced the dark side of this world a lot of times. However, in Anne’s presence, she didn’t want to mention them.
	It seemed that the granny also figured out what was in her mind. She heaved a sigh helplessly.
	“Actually, I also wanted her father to take her on the trip, but her father is way too busy. Anne wanted to travel around, so the duty fell on my old shoulders.”
	Natalia smiled. She said considerately, “It must be a difficult job. But please try your best to pay more attention next time. Anne is still young. If you got lost and she met someone bad, it would be terrible.”
	The granny nodded hard. “I know it. Natalia, thank you for your kindly reminder.”
	Natalia didn’t speak more words. They finished the dinner pretty soon.
	After dinner, the granny took the initiative to pay for the bill.
	However, she fumbled in her pockets but failed to get any money. Her expression also changed.
	“Shoot! I seemed to have lost my wallet!”
	Natalia’s expression also changed slightly.
	“When did you lose it? Can you remember anything?”
	The granny shook her head.
	They walked back to their table and looked around but failed to find anything. The granny looked so embarrassed. “Ah... I’m so embarrassed. I originally wanted to treat you to a dinner, but I’ve lost my wallet... Well...”
	Natalia said, “It’s alright. Just a meal. It’s my treat for you then.”
	As she spoke, she gave her credit card to the waitress and paid for the bill.
	Then she asked with concerns, “Do you need me to go to the police station with you? You should have some important documents in your wallet. In that case, I’m afraid you should report the loss first. Otherwise, it might cause you some unnecessary loss.”
	The granny waved her hand to refuse.
	“Oh, not necessary. I just put some changes to it. I left all my documents in the hotel. Besides, there is nothing important in my wallet. No need to report to the police.”
	Seeing that, Natalia couldn’t force her. She nodded.
	“It’s getting late. I’ll drive you back to the hotel.”
	“Okay. Thank you so much, Natalia.”
	Natalia drove the granny and the little girl back to their hotel.
	In a surprise, she found that they were staying in the most luxurious five-star hotel in Julio.
	Earlier, the granny told her that Anne’s father was too busy to take the little girl out for a trip. She also recalled that Anne didn’t have a mother.
	Hence, subconsciously, Natalia thought that Anne’s father was quite busy making a living. However, judging from the hotel they stayed in, she felt that she had made a wrong guess.
	Natalia didn’t overthink too much, though. After all, safety came first for a granny and a little kid. It was normal for them to stay in a high-end hotel.
	Natalia walked them in. Much to her surprise, they were stopped by the hotel staff at the entrance.
Chapter 141 She Was Lying
	“Excuse me. Are you the guests of Room 6602?”
	All three of them were taken aback. The granny hurriedly said, “I... We have something emergent to deal with upstairs now. If you have something to say, come back to me later. All right?”
	After finishing her words, she dragged Natalia and Anne to trot inside.
	However, they were stopped by the staff again.
	This time, not only the staff in the lobby but also two security guards also stood in front of them.
	They all looked quite serious. The staff from the lobby gazed at the granny and said seriously, “Excuse me, Ma’am. You haven’t paid for the room for two days. You said you would pay it today, so we agreed to let you and your granddaughter continue staying here. But since this morning, we have failed to contact you. If you don’t pay today, I’m afraid we can’t let you continue staying here.”
	Natalia was startled.
	She turned around to look over at the granny.
	The granny looked quite embarrassed.
	“Well... I planned to pay today, but my wallet was lost when I was having dinner earlier. Could you give me another two days? After I’ve found my wallet, I’ll pay for sure.”
	The staff heaved a sigh helplessly.
	“But, Ma’am, you’ve already said the same thing two days ago.”
	The granny was silent.
	Natalia had never expected to encounter such an awkward scene.
	Anne walked up to tug that staff’s sleeve, shaking slightly.
	She raised her cute face and stared at the staff with her jade like eyes, blinking.
	“Miss, have my great-grandmother and I brought you any trouble? I’m terribly sorry for that, but we truly have lost our wallet. If you don’t believe it, you can ask Aunt Natalia. She is our witness.”
	As she spoke, Anne pointed at Natalia behind them.
	Natalia was speechless.
	She wondered how come suddenly she became the focus.
	How should she answer?
	Seeing that Natalia was a bit hesitant, the granny immediately winked at her in secret.
	Natalia found it literally hilarious.
	Right then, she roughly understood what happened. Without looking at the granny again, she asked the staff directly, “How much do they owe you?”
	“Three days, that would be seventeen thousand six hundred and sixty-four in total.”
	Natalia nodded. Grandview was a high-end resort hotel, so naturally it cost a little more.
	Without speaking anything, she pulled out her credit card.
	“I’ll pay for them!”
	In embarrassment, the granny said, “Uh... I’m so sorry for bothering you.”
	Natalia twitched her mouth corners and didn’t expose the granny’s lie. She rubbed Anne’s hair.
	“It’s alright. Just take it as a gift that I give to Anne. We are destined to meet but I haven’t given her any gift yet.”
	Seeing that, Anna widened her bright eyes. With a delightful smile, she said, “Thank you so much, Aunt Natalia!”
	The hotel staff then took over Natalia’s car for the payment.
	After it was done, Natalia asked the granny, “What’s your plan now? Do you have any place to stay?”
	The granny felt quite guilty. She wasn’t so talkative as she was when they were having dinner. Shrinking backward, she stammered, “No... No, we don’t.”
	Natalia paused a bit, feeling quite unhappy about the granny’s behaviors.
	It was obvious that she was lying about losing her wallet or having a trip.
	The granny took Anne with her for free lunches and accommodations, and she had even chosen such a high-end hotel. Natalia could understand that someone was leading a difficult life, but the granny had gone too far...
	Heaving a sigh, Natalia didn’t have the heart to scold her. She bent over and carried Anne in her arms.
	“Well, in this case, you can stay in my house overnight. It’s quite late now. Let’s talk about your plan tomorrow.”
	When the granny heard her suggestion, her eyes lit up.
	Anne also looked quite excited hearing her words.
	Wrapping her arms around Natalia’s neck, she started to celebrate. “Yeah! I can sleep with Mommy again!”
	Natalia was speechless.
	Anne had just changed the way to address her a few hours ago, but now she called Natalia Mommy again.
	Natalia felt quite helpless, but she wasn’t in the mood to correct her again. Seeing that the granny agreed, she walked out with Anne in her arms.
	The car was driving steadily on the wide avenue.
	Natalia called Mrs. Dottie ahead, informing her that she was bringing two guests back home.
	Archie had a meeting at night, so Natalia knew probably he would stay in the company till very late as he had called her earlier. Hence, she didn’t interrupt him but sent him a message. He should see it after the meeting.
	The car was pulled over in front of McCarthy Mansion. Natalia got off the car, opened the door for them, and carried Anne out.
	Mrs. Dottie had already got prepared at home after receiving the call. Upon hearing the sound of the engine outside, she knew that Natalia had arrived home, so she hurriedly walked out.
	“Ma’am, you are back! Are the guests also he…?”
	She hadn’t finished speaking the last word when seeing the granny and the little girl, and she gaped instantly.
	The granny cast her a glance, keeping calm.
	However, her shrew eyes were full of warnings.
	Mrs. Dottie immediately covered her mouth. Anne had been trotting into the house excitedly.
	“Yeah! Here I am again! I’ll sleep with Mommy tonight!”
	Mrs. Dottie’s widened eyes became more widened.
	She noticed how Anne had called Natalia.
	‘Has Miss Anne and Mrs. McCarthy met and known each other’s identity already?
	‘What on earth is going on?’ she thought to herself.
	Under Mrs. Dottie’s shocking gaze, Natalia walked into the villa while holding the granny’s and Anne’s hands.
	“Mrs. Dottie, this is Anne and her great-grandmother, Ariana. Please get me two guestrooms. They’ll stay here tonight.”
	Mrs. Dottie swallowed. She truly wanted to speak something, but when she met Ariana’s sharp eyes, Mrs. Dottie swallowed the words back. She turned around to clean the guestrooms.
	Ariana turned around and looked at Natalia with a smile. “Miss Dawson, I’m so sorry for troubling you. Thank you so much for taking us in.”
	Natalia smiled faintly. “It’s alright. Anne is still so little. I can’t let her suffer that much.”
	Anne tugged her hand. Natalia thought that she wanted to say something, so she subconsciously bent over to listen to her.
	However, the little girl tiptoed suddenly and pecked on Natalia’s cheek.
	Natalia was stunned.
	Then, the little girl said in a clear tone, “Thank you, Mommy.”
	Natalia laughed out.
	After the guestrooms were ready, Natalia sent them to bed. Anne insisted on sleeping with her, but Archie would come home tonight, so Natalia dared not to agree with her.
	She negotiated with Anne for a long time and promised that she would tell her bedtime stories and send her to sleep before leaving the room, Anne finally agreed.
	Mrs. Dottie watched them get along so intimately, and she felt so complicated.
	The last time when Anne came here, Mrs. Dottie was on holiday, so she didn’t know it.
	Right then, when she saw Natalia was fully obsessed with the little girl, Mrs. Dottie felt quite happy and a bit worried.
	She could tell that Miss Anne had admitted Natalia to be her mother, which was supposed to be a good thing.
	However, the old Mrs. McCarthy insisted on hiding her true identity from Mrs. McCarthy. Mrs. Dottie wondered how this farce would end finally.
	Thinking of that, she couldn’t help pitying Natalia.
Chapter 142 So Handsome
	Although Mrs. Dottie pitied Natalia a lot, under Ariana’s sharp gaze, she dared not to utter any beep.
	Shortly after, Archie arrived home.
	He had seen Natalia’s message but he didn’t think anything wrong as he just thought Natalia had invited her friends to stay overnight.
	He wasn’t interested to know who the guests were.
	However, all his thoughts were broken in shock when he entered his house.
	In the living room, Ariana and Anne were sitting on the sofa. Since it wasn’t bedtime yet and Natalia was taking a shower, the granny was playing some rope game with Anne.
	Mrs. Dottie was watching them with a smile while standing aside. On the TV was Anne’s favorite cartoon. It was so warm and harmonious.
	“You...” Archie said in surprise.
	“Oops, you must be Natalia’s husband. You are so handsome, young man!”
	Suddenly, Ariana stood up from the sofa, looking at Archie with a smile.
	Archie choked up and couldn’t finish his words at all.
	Mrs. Dottie’s mouth corners slightly twitched. In a hurry, she walked up to take over the suit jacket from Archie’s hands.
	“Good evening, Mr. McCarthy. You’re back.”
	Archie took an extremely deep breath to suppress the shock in his heart.
	When he was about to say something, he heard Natalia’s voice from the stairs.
	“Hey, Archie. You’re back.”
	She had just finished a shower, wearing a nightgown. Her wet hair was wrapped in a towel. She walked downstairs quickly.
	“Let me introduce – this is Anne, and this is her great-grandmother, Ariana. They are my new friends and will stay here tonight. Is that OK?”
	Natalia was quite worried that Archie would say no.
	After all, this man looked quite easy-going, but he could be quite tough sometimes.
	She had found that he didn’t like any outsiders to come into his home.
	Last time, when Victoria came over, Archie wasn’t happy.
	Archie took another deep breath.
	He glanced at Ariana, who kept smiling on her face. However, if anyone knew her well, he would find that her aged eyes were full of warnings and sharpness.
	Then he tilted his head to glance at the little girl sitting on the sofa.
	With fair skin and a pair of bright eyes, she looked like a priceless and fragile porcelain doll, blinking her expectant eyes at him.
	She didn’t look guilty at all after everything they had done.
	Archie felt quite complicated for a moment.
	Seeing that he was silent, Natalia misunderstood that he wasn’t happy but he couldn’t express it for her sake.
	Hence, she approached him closer and tugged his sleeve slightly.
	She whispered, “They are quite pitiful. Their family doesn’t care about them. They came to town for a trip, but their wallet was stolen. Now they don’t have any money and couldn’t stay outside...”
	Archie sneered.
	Tilting his head, he looked over at Natalia. “Quite pitiful? Their family doesn’t care about them?”
	Natalia nodded seriously.
	Archie tries his best to suppress the unhappiness in his heart.
	“All right. If they’d like to stay here, just let them be. Come with me.”
	As he spoke, he walked upstairs directly.
	Looking at his darkened face and his fast-receding figure, Natalia felt a migraine. She rubbed her forehead.
	“Natalia, are we disturbing you?” asked Ariana in embarrassment.
	Natalia smiled.
	“Not really. That’s just how he is. He looks cool but warm-hearted. He didn’t mean anything. Please don’t worry.”
	“Okay. That’s good then.”
	“Ehn. It’s quite late now. You should go to bed early. I’ll go upstairs.”
	“Uh, OK. Good night, Miss Natalia.”
	After comforting the granny, Natalia followed Archie upstairs quickly.
	In the bedroom, second floor.
	Archie undid his tie. When turning around, he saw the woman sneaking in gingerly.
	Seeing how she was afraid he would be angry, he instantly found it hilarious.
	He sat down on the bed, waiving at her.
	“Come over!”
	Natalia knew that he wasn’t happy, so she dared not to turn him down at this moment. She answered in a low voice and walked over.
	When she approached him, she felt her wrist was tightly grabbed. He pulled her to sit down on his lap, and she also fell into his arms.
	With a slight exclaim, Natalia subconsciously wrapped her arms around his neck. She asked shyly, “What are you doing?”
	Archie looked at her solemnly. “How did you meet them?”
	Natalia was a bit taken aback. She didn’t expect that he would ask her such a question. Hence, she told him exactly how she had encountered Anne twice.
	Probably it was her illusion. The more she spoke, the more annoyed the man looked.
	She just thought that he wasn’t happy because strangers came into their house tonight. However, she truly liked Anne. She couldn’t kick the little girl out so late.
	Hence, she held his neck and begged, “Just one night, OK? I promise I’ll help them contact their family tomorrow morning. We won’t trouble you!”
	Archie looked at her, chuckling
	This woman was way too innocent, and cute.
	Finally, he nodded in agreement, pinching her waist gently.
	“Okay, how will you bribe me then?”
	Natalia blushed.
	She knew what he aimed for. Approaching him, she quickly landed a peck on his lips.
	When she was about to move back, a big palm pressed on the back of her head. The man pulled her into his arms and the kiss grew wilder.
	After the kiss, Natalia opened her eyes, panting.
	She saw the man’s handsome and flawless face, on which his deep eyes were full of desire.
	“Another half a month.”
	Natalia was slightly startled. When she understood what he meant, she bit her bottom lip.
	Her white teeth chewed the red bottom lip, making it look like an appetizing red cherry.
	Archie’s eyes were deepened, his Adam’s apple bobbing. He suppressed the desire in his heart and said in a deep tone, “You’ve promised me. You can’t go back on your word.”
	Natalia slightly nodded.
	Half an hour later, Natalia walked out of the bedroom and headed to the guestroom downstairs.
	In the room, Anne had already finished taking a bath under the servant’s help. She was leaning on the bedhead, waiting for Natalia’s bedtime story.
	When Natalia entered, she saw the little girl wearing a pink fluffy pajama, which was found by the servant out of nowhere. She looked extremely cute.
	It made the girl’s snow-white skin more like a cute porcelain doll.
	“Aunt Natalia, you finally came!”
	The little girl always called her whatever she liked.
	Since she knew that the little girl didn’t have a mother, Natalia didn’t want to correct her anymore. With a smile, she walked to the bed and sat on the edge.
	“Yeah, here I am. Anne, what story would you like to listen to?”
	“I want to listen to The Snow Queen’s story.”
	“The Snow Queen again?”
	Natalia found that the little girl liked Snow Queen a lot. Last time, she also wanted to listen to this story.
	Fortunately, she had known it last time. Also, she had checked the story online when she was free. Hence, this time, she told Anne a more complete story.
	The little girl nestled in her arms, listening to Natalia quietly. Soon, she fell asleep.
Chapter 143 Completely Relieved
	Looking at the little girl’s peaceful and soundly sleeping face, Natalia felt her heart softened.
	She gently pulled out her arm and put Anne down. The little girl talked in her sleep. Subconsciously, she grabbed Natalia’s hand and called her gently, “Mommy...”
	Natalia was slightly taken aback, feeling a pang in her heart.
	She felt sorrier for Anne and liked her more. She decided to stay a bit longer, patting Anne on her back gently. Until Anne had slept soundly, she withdrew her hand, turned off the light, and left the room.
	Outside the door, Ariana was standing at the door. When seeing Natalia come out, she put on a bright smile immediately.
	“Anne has fallen asleep now. Please don’t worry. You should go to bed earlier as well.”
	Ariana nodded. “Miss Dawson, it’s so nice of you.”
	Natalia was stunned and then smiled.
	She didn’t quite agree with the remark as she didn’t think of herself as a nice person.
	However, she truly felt close to the kid by nature. Probably it was because Anne was so enthusiastic about her when they first met.
	Without overthinking, Natalia said good night to Ariana and went back to her bedroom.
	In the master bedroom on the second floor, Archie was sending his grandmother a message.
	Archie: “What on earth are you doing?”
	Ariana: “Shut up, you brat! If you dare to say a single word, I’ll teach you a lesson!”
	Archie: “Grandma, if you want to meet Natalia, you can come over and meet her directly. Why would you have to take Anne and tell such a lie? You even taught Anne to lie!”
	Ariana: “What do you know? If I weren’t worried about your taste in women, would I need to come over to take a look at your wife? Humph! You don’t appreciate my kindness at all. Just like your father, neither of you has a conscience!”
	Archie was speechless.
	He wondered why suddenly his father became the target.
	Archie: “You’ve seen her now. You should rest assured, right?”
	Ariana sent him a smiley emoji.
	“Of course. I’m completely relieved. Natalia is a good girl. You can’t bully her. Once I find that you don’t treat her well, I’ll teach you a lesson!”
	Archie: “You’d better think how you would explain to her in the future.”
	After that, Archie didn’t reply to his grandmother’s message any longer.
	On the other side, Ariana put away her phone. Recalling what Archie just said, she felt guilty for some reason.
	Natalia was such a kind, considerate, and warm-hearted girl. Ariana wondered if Natalia would blame her.
	The more she thought about it, the more unease Ariana felt.
	Anne didn’t sleep quite deeply. In a daze, she woke up, only to find that her great-grandmother was standing there uneasily. Anne reached out to her.
	“Great-grandma.”
	“Anne, why are you awake?”
	Anne looked around but failed to find Natalia. Pouting, she asked, “Where is Mommy?”
	“Your mommy went to accompany your daddy now. Sleep tight. I’ll be with you.”
	Anne blinked.
	“Mommy is accompanying Daddy now. Are they going to give birth to my younger brother?”
	“Exactly. Soon, you’ll have a younger brother.”
	“Okay. For my brother’s sake, I won’t be looking for Mommy now.”
	Anne felt relieved and fell asleep again. Ariana finally breathed a sigh of relief. Immediately she picked up her phone and sent Archie another message.
	“Remember, you are not young now. You’d better have a child as early as possible. Anne is so lonely. She needs a company.”
	Archie didn’t reply to her at all.
	The next day.
	In the early morning, Natalia received a call from the company. Something urgent happened to an artist, so she needed to deal with it as soon as possible.
	Originally, Natalia had planned to help Anne and her great-grandmother go home, but now she had to delay it. She needed to deal with the matter of her company first.
	When leaving the house, Ariana saw her off with a smile.
	“No worries, Miss Dawson. Please go ahead with your work. You can help us after you’re free.”
	Although Natalia felt weird hearing what the granny said, she didn’t overthink, just nodding.
	Archie delayed his departure today intentionally or unintentionally. When Natalia was gone, his face finally went darkened. Looking at the elderly and the little girl in front of him, he asked seriously, “Go back to Eqitin yourselves, or I’ll ask someone to send you back. Choose!”
	Looking at his cold face, Ariana curled her lips unhappily.
	“I have just met my granddaughter-in-law and only stayed here for one night. How could I leave now?”
	The little girl also echoed while nodding, “Exactly! I want to stay with Mommy!”
	Seeing that, Archie sneered. “Okay. I’ll ask her to come back now and tell her the truth. As for the wording, you should know how to explain to her.”
	As he spoke, he was about to pull out the cell phone. Seeing that, Ariana’s expression changed dramatically. She hurriedly stopped Archie.
	“All right. All right. We’ll leave, OK? You brat!”
	She couldn’t help but roll her eyes at him.
	With an extremely sad look, she complained, “Since your childhood, I doted you so much and I brought you up. Now you are grown up, but you don’t even let me stay in your house for a few more days. What an ungrateful grandson! If I had known it earlier, I should have left you on the street.”
	Archie looked at her, his face darkened.
	However, he was not in the mood to argue with her. He turned around and said to Brian, “Send Mrs. McCarthy and Miss Anne to the airport.”
	Brian nodded while answering. He drove the car over and opened the door for them with a smile.
	“Mrs. McCarthy and Miss Anne, please—”
	Ariana glared at Archie and humped loudly. Then she took Anne to sit in the car reluctantly.
	Right after Natalia had arrived at the company, she received a call from Ariana.
	She told Natalia that they had got in touch with their family, and they were on the way to the airport, ready to go home.
	Natalia was a bit surprised. However, since Ariana had got in touch with their family, there should be no problem.
	Still she asked them to take care of themselves. On the other end of the line, Anne said she would come to visit Natalia again next time. Then they hung up the phone.
	In the airport, Ariana and Anne walked out of a convenience store, only to find two familiar figures not far away.
	Anne had a good sight. She called happily, “Grandma Faye!” Then she trotted to the woman excitedly.
	Upon hearing the call, Faye McCarthy looked back in surprise, only to find that a little girl dressed in pink rushed to and pounce at her.
	Faye was startled. Subconsciously, she reached out to hold the girl. When seeing Anne’s face clearly, she gaped at her.
	“Anne? Mom? Why are you here?”
	Standing aside, Selena slightly smiled and politely greeted them, “Hi, Mrs. McCarthy.”
	Ariana was also surprised to meet them here, nodding at them. She asked Faye, “Why are you here? Didn’t you tell me you would go to watch a fashion show overseas? Why are you in Julio?”
	Faye stammered and couldn’t utter a word, looking quite guilty obviously.
	Seeing that, Selena kept calm and said with a smile, “The fashion show’s schedule has been changed due to some accident. I heard the landscape in Julio is quite nice. Since we have time, I took auntie here for a trip.”
Chapter 144 Considerate
	Faye finally returned to her senses. In a hurry, she echoed, “Exactly. That’s right. I came here for sightseeing.”
	Ariana cast a doubtful glance at her. “For real? Why do I feel you are lying?”
	Faye kept silent.
	After all, Ariana was Faye’s mother, so she knew Faye’s character. As soon as seeing Faye’s reaction, Ariana knew that she was lying.
	With a sneer, Ariana said, “Faye, you went to bother Archie’s wife, didn’t you?”
	Faye was startled. Subconsciously, she wanted to deny it.
	However, Ariana suddenly interrupted her, “All right. It’s OK if you don’t want to tell me the truth. I’ve met Archie’s wife. She’s a good girl. I like her a lot. You can’t meddle in between them or make any trouble to them. Understand?”
	Upon hearing it, Faye became angry.
	“Mom, what are you talking about? What do you mean by making trouble? Do you know what kind of person that woman is?”
	“Of course I know!”
	In Adriana’s opinion, Natalia was a kind-hearted girl.
	She wasn’t only a caring person but she also respected the elderly. Adriana had been observing her for the past few days.
	“Mom, since you know it, why would you agree to her to be with Archie? Do you know what others say about her? If we allow this kind of woman to marry into the McCarthy family, it’ll be our shame!”
	“Enough!”
	Adriana suddenly became angry. “Those are just rumors! I don’t care what others say. I only believe what I’ve seen in person. You must go back to Eqitin with me right now! You can’t stay here making trouble any longer. If you’re not willing to go back, you’d better not come here anymore in the future!”
	“Mom...”
	“Anne, let’s go.”
	After finishing her words, Ariana took Anne away in anger.
	Looking at their receding figures, Faye was so angry that she almost puked blood.
	“Selena, do you think my mother was bewitched by that woman? How could she trust that woman so much?”
	Selena slightly looked down, secretly clenching her fingers. After a moment, she smiled.
	“Mrs. McCarthy is always kind, so everyone looks kind-hearted to her. That’s normal. Auntie, please calm down.”
	Faye rubbed her forehead, feeling a migraine.
	“All right. All right. You don’t need to comfort me. I know in my mother’s eyes, just anyone can be more important than me. Such a young girl! She hasn’t married into our family yet and she can delight my mother and make my mother trust her so much. That’s so ridiculous!”
	Selena asked tenderly, “What should we do now?”
	Faye cast her a glance.
	“What else can we do? My mother has given me the order. Of course, we should go back to Eqitin. Otherwise, I might not be able to enter the door of the McCarthy house anymore.”
	Faye then took Selena back to Eqitin.
	On the other side, something happened to the Dawson family again.
	This time, it happened at midnight.
	Right after Jessica had fallen asleep, she suddenly heard a woman weeping outside the window.
	The cry, or more precisely, the whimpering, sounded like the cry of some small animal in the dark.
	Instantly, Jessica woke up in fear. She widened her eyes, looking in the direction where the window was in the dark. All her nerves were tensed.
	The curtain moved, seemingly something lifted a corner of it. It was flying in the mid-air, looking like the outline of a woman.
	The outline flew towards her gradually just like a black sharp paw, which was going to strangle her.
	“Ah—!” letting out a horrified scream, Jessica lifted her quilt and trotted outside of her room.
	Jessica’s bedroom was on the second floor, next to the bedroom of Aleena and Philip. Upon hearing her scream, they immediately put on clothes and trotted out to ask, “What’s wrong? What happened?”
	They only found that Jessica was wearing only her thin pajamas, her hair messy. With a frightened look, she glared at the corner of her room, trembling all over in fear.
	“She’s here! She’s here!”
	“Who?”
	Everyone else was confused. The servants who trotted over after hearing the exclaim also looked puzzled when they saw the scene.
	“What happened to Miss Jessica?”
	“Who’s here?”
	Jessica looked extremely pale. Suddenly, she grabbed Aleena’s wrist and said with widened eyes and in a trembling tone, “Mom, she came back! She came back to kill me!”
	As soon as Aleena heard it, her expression changed dramatically.
	Philip snapped, “What bullshit are you talking about? It’s midnight. Who came back?”
	Aleena cast him a sharp glance. All the servants around them looked blankly. Philip suddenly realized something, and his expression also slightly changed.
	Right then, they heard a strict and old voice behind them.
	“It’s so late at night. What are you arguing about here?”
	With someone’s help, Clara walked over. Seeing her, Philip said, “It’s Jessica. There was something abnormal in her room. She ran out in fear just now.”
	When seeing Clara, Jessie looked as if a drowning woman had seen a piece of driftwood to save her life. Immediately, she trotted to Clara.
	“Grandma, help me! She’s here. She came to kill me!”
	With a darkened face, Clara looked around sharply. She snapped in a cold tone, “Who came to kill you? A quiet conscience sleeps in thunder. Let me see who dares to play tricks in my presence today!”
	After finishing her words, she led a group of people into Jessica’s room.
	The delicately and luxuriously decorated bedroom looked the same as usual. When the light was on, except that the bed was a bit messy that showed Jessica was lying on it earlier, everything looked normal.
	“Jessica, where is the woman you mentioned?”
	“Near the window!”
	Jessica gripped Clara’s arm, trembling all over while pointing at the window.
	“Over there! I heard her crying. She also reached out to strangle me. I’ve seen her.”
	Clara frowned.
	Beside them, Aleena said to two servants, “You two, go take a look.”
	“Yes, Mrs. Dawson.”
	The servants walked over, pulled the curtain, and checked everywhere carefully, including the balcony outside.
	“We’ve checked everywhere. There’s no one around.”
	Clara turned to look at Jessica.
	The latter was standing there in a daze. She couldn’t believe it at all.
	“Impossible. I heard her voice, and I also saw her reaching out her hands to me...”
	“Is it because you are too tired so you had an illusion?”
	Clara loved this granddaughter a lot and she was even more so recently, since Natalia set her up and made her hide at home to avoid the scandal. Jessica must feel quite stressed about that.
	Hence, although Clara was woken up by her at midnight, she didn’t become angry.
	Jessica shook her head. “But... but I truly have seen her.”
	Aleena looked over at the window. Frowning for a moment, she asked the servant to turn off the light.
	“Mom, why did you ask them to turn off the light?”
	“Jessica, look! Are those the hands you’ve seen?”
	Aleena hinted at her to look over at the window. The next second, Jessica started screaming.
Chapter 145 Strange Gift
	“Ah—Don’t come over! Don’t come over!”
	All the lights in the room were turned on.
	Jessica huddled up in Clara’s arms. Clara patted her gently on the back, heaving a sigh.
	“Silly girl, it’s nothing serious. Look carefully. That’s just the curtain. You didn’t close the window when sleeping, so the wind has blown the sheer curtain. The hands you mentioned were just the sheer curtain.”
	As Clara spoke, she asked Jessica to take a look herself.
	Jessica looked over carefully for a while, only to find that the ghost that she mistook was truly the sheer curtain.
	She breathed a deep sigh of relief.
	“Did I really have an illusion?”
	“You must be quite stressful recently.”
	In fact, Clare felt quite speechless when she saw how Jessica was frightened by a curtain at the midnight and woke up everyone in the house.
	However, looking at Jessica’s pale face, she didn’t have the heart to blame her.
	She patted Jessica on her hand. “All right. Stop thinking too much. Nothing is there. Go back to sleep.”
	Then, Clara left with a group of people.
	Jessica was standing motionlessly. Her lips parted, but she couldn’t utter any word.
	Aleena glance at her to calm her down and left.
	In the corridor, Clara suddenly paused. She asked Aleena, “Has Jessica been contacting people from Eqitin? How is it going?”
	Aleena answered respectfully, “The test has been done. They haven’t given us the response yet, but that thing has been confirmed as real. I’m sure there will be the feedback soon.”
	Clara frowned, obviously unhappy about it.
	Hurriedly, Aleena continued, “After all, she’s been missing over twenty years. It’s normal for them to be cautious. That’s a super-rich and powerful family. If they have confirmed that Jessica was their child, they wouldn’t ignore her.”
	Clara snorted loudly.
	“This matter is relevant to the whole Dawson family. I can’t let anything go wrong. Jessica’s future and the future of our family both rely on it. You better be more careful.”
	Aleena answered immediately, “I know, Mom.”
	Clara didn’t speak anything, walking away with the group of people.
	Aleena gazed in the direction where Ariana had gone, exhaling gently.
	Philip walked up from the back and sneered.
	“It’s me who managed to marry that Hawkins woman so that our Dawson family could be rich and powerful now. But what does she do? She wants to give such a huge family and business to that brat. She doesn’t care about me at all. How despicable!”
	Aleena curled up her lips slightly.
	“What’s so important about the Dawson family?” She looked down slightly, curling up her lips into a scheming smile.
	“If this matter succeeded truly, our Jessica would become a rich and powerful girl. By then, not to mention the Dawson family, even the Kaur family and the Miller family would kneel to us and flatter us. Philip, you must have a long-term vision. If you always care about the small profits in front of you, you wouldn’t have a good ending.”
	Philip listened to her, and his eyes lit up.
	“I agree with you. We must make this matter successful. No accident is allowed.”
	When they walked back to their bedroom, enormously proud of their success, Aleena suddenly paused her pace.
	“What’s this?”
	On the nightstand, there was a white delicate gift box, on which there was a bowknot made from a pink ribbon. Obviously, someone deliberately put it there.
	“Philip, is it you?” asked Aleena delightfully.
	She thought that it was a gift from her husband, who wanted to give her a surprise.
	However, Philip frowned.
	“No, it’s not.”
	As he spoke, he looked at Aleena in confusion.
	The latter’s expression changed.
	“Why are you looking at me? You and I were the only ones in this room. Neither of us put it here. Would there be a ghost?”
	As soon as she finished her words, they both felt a chill running down their spine.
	Their expressions slightly changed, and they started feeling creepy for no reason. In the end, Philip coughed.
	“All right. Open it and check what’s in there. Then we may know who has done it. Don’t just think too much.”
	Aleena agreed. She walked over and opened the gift box.
	There wasn’t any valuable gift in the box. Besides a piece of metal with worn paint, there was a note.
	With a frown, Aleena picked up the note.
	The next second, her expression changed dramatically.
	“Ah—” she let out a short exclaim.
	Taking a step back, she violently tossed the note onto the bed.
	“What’s wrong? What’s on the note?”
	Philip picked it up curiously to read. When he saw the letters on it, his expression dramatically changed as well.
	On the sky-blue note, there were letters with pretty handwriting – I’m back!
	“It’s her. She came back. Her ghost has come to use for revenge!”
	Aleena was in a panic. Philip looked solemn. He fiercely rubbed the note into his hand. Then his gaze fell on the piece of aluminum in the box.
	It was a piece of aluminum whose paint had been scratched off after severe friction. Even they didn't know too much about vehicles, they could easily see that it should be from a certain vehicle.
	“I don’t believe it! Damned ghost! Damned spirit! I’m not afraid of living humans. Why should I fear the dead?”
	Upon hearing it, Aleena also calmed down a little.
	“But... but why did these things appear?”
	“Humph! Someone must have put it here intentionally to scare us!”
	As she spoke, he picked up the thing from the box, walking out of the room.
	Right then, another sharp and miserable exclaim was heard from a corner of the corridor.
	It was from Jessica’s room again.
	Their expressions changed, and walked towards her room together.
	Before reaching the door, they saw Jessica run out of the room in a panic. This time, she was trembling all over and her face was covered with tears.
	As soon as seeing Aleena and Philip, she pounced at them as if she had seen the life-saving straw.
	“Mom!”
	Aleena immediately hugged her. Jessica said while weeping, “Mom, I heard that woman’s voice again. It’s so horrible. This time it’s real. It’s not my illusion. She has truly come back!”
	If it were earlier, Aleena might not believer her again.
	However, after experiencing such strange things, she believed what Jessica said naturally.
	“Don’t be afraid. Let’s go back to check.”
	“But...”
	Jessica was still scared. Philip snapped, “What are you afraid of? If there was a ghost in your room, with so many people here, would it eat you alive? Follow me.”
	As he spoke, he walked into her room in the lead.
	The room looked as normal as usual.
	The light or the furniture was exactly the same as that when they came out.
	Nothing was abnormal except that the bed was messier because of Jessica’s sudden leave.
	Looking annoyed, Philip walked to the French window and checked the curtain again carefully.
Chapter 146 Some Light Exercise
	There was nothing wrong with the windows, including the balcony outside. Nothing was there other than some plants.
	To be sure, Philip even sent someone out over the balcony rails to check outside, and no one was hiding underneath, either.
	From the looks of it, they shouldn’t have seen anything else.
	Jessica was in disbelief as well.
	“How’s that possible? I heard it. A woman crying, just crying and crying, like someone’s wringing her neck. How – how could there be no one there?”
	She walked in a trance over to the balcony, checking front and back in a panic.
	But in reality, in a space this small, anyone hidden would have been found already. It was impossible for them to have hidden until now.
	“Was it… really a ghost…”
	“What do you mean ghost? I don’t believe that nonsense!”
	Philip flared up and yanked the curtains down. At that moment, a small black object fell from above.
	Followed quickly by the sound of sobbing.
	Everyone froze.
	Almost petrified.
	They stared at the little object on the ground. After a while, they finally understood that the crying had come from this thing.
	Aleena stooped over and picked it up. It was a mini recorder.
	Someone had recorded the sound in earlier and set it on a timer. That’s why Jessica had heard the intermittent sobbing.
	“Bastard!”
	She slammed the device on the ground, her expression turning ugly.
	“Who was it? Who put something like this in Jessica’s room?”
	The servants who’d followed inside saw what was going on and turned white in a panic.
	They hurriedly shook their heads, denying their involvement.
	Philip shot a dark look at Jessica.
	“Who’s been in your room today?”
	Jessica was still dazed. She thought for a long while and shook her head.
	“There’s been too many, I don’t remember.”
	All throughout the day, servants had come in and out of her room. If not half a dozen, at least three or four would have come and gone. How were they supposed to tell who the culprit was?
	“Oho! Is that so? Then call the police! Have them all interrogated. We’ll find out the truth.”
	Some of the servants started begging for mercy right away.
	“It really wasn’t me, sir. I’ve never done anything like that.”
	“Yeah, we’ve got no grudge with Miss Jessica. Why would we do something like this? It doesn’t benefit us!”
	Naturally, Philip didn’t listen.
	“Enough, anyway, that’s how we’ll deal with it. Relax. If you really didn’t do it, there’ll be no consequences. But if I find out that we really have a rat in here…”
	He glared at them and sneered. “Heh! Don’t blame me for what happens next!”
	With that, he had the few servants who’d been in Jessica’s room put in custody, ready to call the police when morning came. Then he left.
	At the McCarthy Mansion.
	Everything was quiet in the bedroom when the phone at the head of the bed suddenly buzzed twice.
	Natalia opened her eyes. Her slender frame was being held tightly in the man’s embrace. A thick, solid arm was wrapped around her. She could smell his fresh scent clearly in the dark.
	She lifted his arm lightly off her and leant over for the phone.
	It was an anonymous text, its contents simple.
	“It’s done. Wire the money.”
	Natalia smiled and didn’t reply. She deleted the text and put the phone back.
	Behind her, the man grunted. Right afterwards, he reached out with a powerful limb and effortlessly scooped her back up into his arms.
	“What is it?”
	He didn’t open his eyes, and there was still sleepiness in his voice.
	Natalia chuckled quietly. “Nothing. Just a spam message. Woke me up, that’s all.”
	In the dark, Archie opened his eyes and looked at the woman before him.
	It wasn’t completely dark inside the house. Natalia didn’t like the dark, so she left a small, warm orange floor lamp on a corner of the bedroom, giving a bit of warm light in the darkness.
	He looked at the delicate features of the woman in his arms and suddenly smiled.
	“If you can’t fall asleep while it’s so late, sounds like you want to do some light exercise?”
	Natalia jolted, then realized the intentions of the large hand at her waist, and her body tensed.
	“Stop messing around, Archie!”
	“You can’t sleep, right? I just have to tire you out.”
	“Archie McCarthy! Mhm…”
	…
	Four days later, Laura’s parts in “The Youth” were completely cleared out.
	Natalia had her put in the “Chase the Wind” crew directly.
	Hamlin and Nathan were friends. “Chase the Wind” might have been directed by Hamlin, but Nathan’s figure was still behind production and investment.
	Natalia had been curious about the relationship between Nathan and Archie, because she’d seen Nathan in Archie’s office more than once.
	If it’d just been business, then that was fine, but they were just chatting.
	She knew better than anyone else how precious Archie’s time was, which made her more curious as to what kind of relationship allowed Nathan to just laze around with him.
	Until one day, Nathan took a gift up to PR and said he was looking for her.
	Natalia went out to meet him, and Nathan said outright, “Sorry, Aunt Natalia. I didn’t realize who you were back then and didn’t know your relationship with my uncle. Forgive me if I’ve offended you.”
	Natalia’s eyes widened in astonishment.
	“What’d you call me?”
	“Aunt Natalia!”
	Natalia sucked in a deep breath.
	Seeing that, Nathan understood that she’d misunderstood and hurriedly explained, “It’s like this – I’m also part of the McCarthy family in Eqitin, but just one of the branches, and more distantly related, so most people don’t know about it. I’m supposed to call Archie uncle, so naturally you’re my aunt.”
	Natalia couldn’t feign a normal smile any longer.
	“So… that’s how it is. You know about our relationship too, then?”
	“Yes, yes, I know now.”
	Nathan put up a cautious and worried face, making Natalia wonder if he’d done something she wouldn’t like.
	“This is just a casual present, Aunt Natalia. Please take it.”
	He passed up a box.
	Natalia took a step back.
	She stared at him dubiously.
	“All right, enough with the aunt this and aunt that, it’s awkward. Just call me by my name!”
	Nathan didn’t insist. He smiled and agreed.
	Natalia pointed at the gift box in his hands. “I didn’t do anything to deserve that, so please take it back!”
	She said, striding off.
	Nathan hurriedly stood in her way.
	“Aun… Natalia, I’m actually here because something’s come up.”
	Natalia looked at him in surprise. “What?”
Chapter 147 Collecting Information
	“So it’s like this. Laura Davies and Victoria Kaur are both splendid choices on your part. Young, capable, hard-working actors like them are rare nowadays. Especially Victoria – her acting is not something you would expect from someone at her age.”
	Natalia listened quietly without interrupting, waiting for the other shoe to drop.
	She basically already understood what he was going to say.
	As expected, Nathan continued, “The entire cast of ‘The Youth’ is going to be cleared off over the next two months. I have a friend who’s got a new project to film, but he’s a young director without much fame, and it’s hardly any big production. But he’s taken a liking to Victoria and wanted her to join the film as the female lead. As you’re close with Victoria, could you help persuade her?”
	Natalia chuckled.
	“That’s a good thing! Why don’t you tell Victoria herself? Don’t you meet each other every day on set? You should have more chances to talk to each other!”
	Nathan showed an awkward face.
	“That’s… I won’t lie, I already asked, but she didn’t agree.”
	Natalia blinked, a little surprised.
	She knew Victoria. Even though she was part of the upper crust of the media world these days, she wasn’t the sort of person who would only go for big projects, nor was she like some snobs that would look down on some up and coming directors.
	With the Kaur family at her back, she didn’t want for resources, and the team she had with her was well-connected. Essentially, she picked projects by how much she liked them, not the size of the production.
	And now that Nathan was willing to recommend it to her, the script itself should be decent.
	It was strange that Victoria didn’t agree.
	Natalia nodded slightly. “If that’s the case, she must have her own considerations! I’m just her friend and I can’t make decisions for her, so I’m afraid I might not be of much help with this matter.”
	Nathan hurriedly said, “I know that much, and I’m not asking you to force her, but I still want to try before throwing in the towel.”
	He rubbed his hands, looking both awkward and pressured. “To be honest, this friend of mine has his eye set on having her as the female lead. I’m not demanding that you persuade her, but could you please help me find out why she’s not taking the project so we could know what to fix?”
	Natalia thought about it, felt that it wouldn’t affect anything, and considered Nathan’s sincere attitude. She agreed.
	Though she still reminded him, “I’ll say this first. I’m only going to ask about why she’s not taking the job and I don’t plan on persuading her for you. If the answer’s still no, don’t blame me for it.”
	Nathan assented hurriedly, and with the talk over, he left thanking her profusely.
	He left the gift box on the desk as he excused himself.
	Slightly exasperated, Natalia gave Archie a call and told him about it.
	Unexpectedly, Archie only chuckled. “I told him to bring a gift here. Just take it.”
	Natalia was at a bit of a loss for words.
	But since he’d said that much, she didn’t object.
	Hanging up, she gave Victoria a call and invited her out for dinner.
	Victoria agreed.
	At six in the evening, after getting off work, Natalia went ahead and drove to the mall she was meeting Victoria at.
	Victoria had been busy filming with her cast these days and rarely got out. Today was her chance to relax.
	Only, the moment they met, Natalia quickly sensed that Victoria didn’t seem to be doing so well. Her face was pale, and her whole being seemed drowsy.
	Concerned, Natalia asked, “What’s with you? Is the work too hard, or are you sick?”
	She reached out to feel her forehead.
	But Victoria leant away slightly, looking a little guilty as she shook her head. “Not much. Just not feeling very well, maybe because we’ve had night scenes to shoot lately.”
	Natalia didn’t overthink it and nodded her understanding.
	Still concerned, though, she added, “You are working so hard! Remember to take care of your body. Don’t you have assistants with you? Have them make you some soup sometime!”
	Victoria forced a smile. “I dismissed all my assistants. Other than Nina, there’s no one left following me.”
	Natalia blinked, taken aback.
	Before, Victoria had servants at her beck and call wherever she went to film, like a spoiled princess.
	After all, with her authority and her resources, no one dared say anything.
	But now she only had one Nina besides her, anyone would find that unbelievable!
	Looking at her shocked expression, Victoria smiled a sad, self-deprecating smile.
	“Surprised? It’s nothing. People have to strike out on their own eventually.”
	Natalia paused, then asked, “What do you mean by that? You’ve been arguing with your old man?”
	Victoria didn’t hide it and nodded.
	“Why?”
	But Victoria only acted like she didn’t care to discuss it anymore, shaking her head. “It’s nothing, just some messy business. It’s a rare chance to relax today, so forget it. Let’s go walk around the mall.”
	Natalia could only nod.
	The two strolled about for a while and went to a finely decorated high-end restaurant for dinner.
	Seeing that she wasn’t feeling well, Natalia ordered some of Victoria’s usual favorites.
	But the dish had just come up when Victoria frowned.
	“What is it? You really don’t look well; do you want me to go to the hospital with you?”
	Victoria hurriedly waved her hand and forced a laugh. “I’m fine.”
	Natalia was thoroughly worried, but seeing her determined look, she knew better than to insist.
	Not long after, the dishes had all come up.
	Victoria had a slim frame and had a cold elegance about her, but in private, she was a thorough carnivore. It was just that she had to keep her figure for the camera, so she didn’t allow herself to eat much meat.
	Having grown up together, Natalia knew that very well.
	That’s why, the moment the dishes arrived, Natalia pushed a beef dish towards her, saying, “You need to look after your body. You might have to keep your figure for your projects, but you can’t eat nothing. Treat it as a holiday today and splurge a little. One big meal’s not going to fatten you up that much, so relax!”
	Victoria looked at the meat in front of her, her brows furrowing subtly.
	But she didn’t say anything and brought the meat up to her mouth.
	Before she could take a bite, though, just smelling the scent of the meat brought a wave of acid gushing up her stomach.
	She set down her utensils and hurriedly said, “Excuse me.”
	Then she rushed towards the restroom.
	Before Natalia could react, she was gone.
	She sat there dully staring out to space for several seconds before she realized what had happened.
	This – this reaction…
	It couldn’t be?!!!
Chapter 148 She’s Pregnant
	In the bathroom, Victoria leant over the toilet, almost vomiting her guts out.
	Natalia ran in, looked at her state, and almost confirmed her speculation right then and there. Her heart ached.
	She went out and took a glass of water in with a napkin.
	Stroking her back, she soothed, “How are you doing? Are you okay?”
	Victoria waved it off, shaking her head.
	It took her a long while to find her voice. “I’m fine. I’m all right.”
	Natalia passed her the water. She took a sip, rinsed her mouth, and wiped her mouth off with the napkin before finally saying, “I’m sorry for ruining the evening.”
	Natalia shook her head hurriedly. “What do you mean? You’re already like this, so forget the evening, okay?”
	After a while, she got a little mad. “Why didn’t you tell me when something this important has happened? What’s going on?”
	Victoria looked at her and knew she’d already guessed it. She bit her lip.
	After a while, she said, “You’ve probably noticed – I’m pregnant.”
	Natalia nodded. “With a reaction like that, anyone with a heart could have noticed.”
	Victoria forced a smile. The smile was full of endless loneliness.
	“This is the reason why I argued with my dad.”
	Natalia frowned. “What do you mean by that? Why’d you argue with your dad? Who’s the child’s father? Why isn’t he taking a stand?”
	“The child’s father…”
	Victoria murmured, then smiled sorrowfully.
	“Never mind, forget it. Can you keep this a secret, Natalia?”
	Natalia frowned, clearly unhappy with how she was dodging the question about the father.
	Still, she knew that Victoria was a grown-up. If she’d decided not to tell anyone, as her friend, she could only respect her choice.
	Sighing, she nodded, “Rest easy, I won’t tell anybody about this. But what do you plan to do with the kid? Your belly can’t lie, and you have to go on camera every day!”
	Victoria was in a bit of a daze, helplessness in her eyes.
	After a while, she shook her head. “I don’t know, either. But there’s only two months before we’re done with the shooting. I’ll try to hide it from everyone. As for what would happen later… we’ll see!”
	Natalia’s frown deepened.
	But she didn’t say anything else as she helped her out.
	The two returned to their seats, their moods having changed greatly.
	Natalia sighed. “To be honest, I was asked by Nathan to persuade you to take part in that project he brought up with you before. Doesn’t seem possible now.”
	Victoria nodded. “He discussed it with me. The script’s good and I liked it, but it’s clear that I’m in no condition to participate.”
	Natalia nodded back, her fingers playing listlessly with a spoon on the table as she sank into thought.
	The two had evidently lost their appetite. After a while, Natalia asked, “So where do you live now? Nina’s just a seventeen, eighteen-year-old kid. She doesn’t understand a lot of things. Can she take care of you alone?”
	Victoria looked out the window. The lights had come on. Outside the window was a wide road. Traffic came and went from the road, making a scene of a bustling city night. But she felt nothing but cold.
	Now, it seemed only the sister in front of her could give her a little bit of warmth.
	She shook her head. “I don’t know. To force me back, my dad froze all the cards under my name. He’s taken back all my houses everywhere including the ones on the east coast. I’m living in the hotel arranged for the crew right now.”
	She paused, then smiled another pale smile. “But it’s fine, we’ll see where things go! I won’t die, at least.”
	Natalia took her hand, muttering, “None of that nonsense! You still have me!”
	She thought for a while and took a bank card and a keyring out of her purse, pressing it into Victoria’s hands.
	“Take that card. The password is my birthday. It’s not a lot of money, but enough for you to spend for now. As for what comes after, we’ll take it slow. The key is to the apartment I used to live in. It’s not big, so you’ll have to get used to it for a while. I’ll stop by from time to time to visit.”
	She pursed her lips and continued, “I don’t approve of you giving the cold shoulder to Mr. Kaur. Blood is thicker than water, no matter what. That won’t change. Besides, he’s always been good to you. But I believe you’ve got your own troubles in this situation. If you don’t want to say it, I won’t ask. That’s all the support I can give you. I only want the best for you.”
	Victoria looked at her, eyes reddening. She couldn’t hold the tears back. The droplets rolled down her cheeks.
	She bit her lip forcefully and lowered her head. After a long while, she said, voice trembling, “Thank you, Natalia.”
	Natalia forced a smile herself, her eyes stinging. An eternity later, she wiped the tears off and chuckled, “All right, quit acting like the world’s going to end. That’s not the Victoria I know. If you want to keep the child, go ahead and keep it. You child has got me as a godmother! There won’t be any trouble. As for the kid’s father, if he doesn’t want to show up, let him rot!”
	Victoria knew she was trying to comfort her. Even though her heart still ached, she loosened up a bit all the same.
	Accepting the goodwill, she chuckled herself. The atmosphere lightened by quite a bit.
	Finishing the meal, Natalia didn’t allow Victoria to keep strolling around with how her body was. She took her back to the cast right away.
	After dropping Victoria off, Natalia drove home and phoned Nathan on the way.
	She didn’t mention the pregnancy, just that Victoria wasn’t in the best position to take the job.
	Over the phone, Nathan had been prepared, but hearing the answer, he still couldn’t hide his disappointment.
	Natalia understood. Television was a subjective business.
	If the creator had decided for a person to play a role, they often consciously or subconsciously used that person as a template during the creative process.
	If they found out that person couldn’t participate afterwards, of course they’d be disappointed.
	She comforted, “I can’t do anything about it at this point. You could have your friend try more actresses. Though you may not easily find someone like Victoria, but if you look hard enough, I’m sure you can find a suitable candidate to replace her.”
	Nathan laughed bitterly. “I won’t lie, I’ve got a part in the production. We had our eyes on Victoria Kaur for the role even from before. We just didn’t know enough about her to pop the question. After working with her in ‘The Youth’, we reaffirmed how much we wanted her for the role. How could we shoot properly if we scrambled to find a new actress now?”
Chapter 149 Strategies For Cannon Fodder
	“Besides, this isn’t like ‘The Youth’, it’s just a small production. With actors like they are now, the ones with even a bit of fame won’t take the job, while the ones who would like to take the job just can’t act well enough. Actors like Victoria who don’t pay too much attention to the size of the production and only care about the script are rarer than rare now.”
	With that, he sighed. Natalia didn’t have anything to say.
	After a while, Nathan continued, “Actually, Jessica Dawson’s been contacting me recently saying she wants to participate in the project. She’s also interested in the female lead, but because of what happened with her before, I’m not very confident in her. With her image, if we put in the costume work, she should at least manage to be better than other actresses, but I’m still not sure. If she gets involved in another scandal halfway through production, it won’t end well.”
	Natalia blinked, a little surprised.
	Her eyes darted slightly as she asked, “Jessica wants the role too?”
	Nathan replied, “Yeah. To be honest, even though my friend’s new to the field, he’s got good technique, or I wouldn’t be helping him. That’s why there’s still plenty of people who want to take part in the show, we just haven’t found any suitable candidates. If we really can’t manage, Jessica’s a good choice. It’s just that she’s been in too many scandals lately and her image isn’t too good – but that can be a type of publicity as well. If the filming goes well, the overall effect should be positive. It’s just a small production, after all. In the old days, a production this size managing to get someone like her on the cast wouldn’t have been plausible.”
	Natalia thought for a while, then smiled.
	“All right, got it. If it’s convenient, can you send me a copy of the script? I’ll get back to you tomorrow.”
	Nathan jolted, a little surprised. He didn’t know what she meant by that.
	But he didn’t ask too many questions. He simply agreed and hung up.
	Natalia drove home. The moment she stepped inside, her phone beeped. She had a new email in her mailbox.
	As she changed out her shoes, she took a look. Nathan had sent her an electronic copy of the script.
	Archie was home already. He’d known she was going out with some of her female friends today, so he didn’t disturb her.
	The man had already finished his meal at this time and retired to the reading room.
	Changing her shoes, Natalia went upstairs and didn’t go to Archie but went directly to the bedroom.
	Turning her computer on, she looked through the entirety of the script Nathan had sent her.
	The script wasn’t long. It was just an eighteen-episode-long web series. But because she was paying attention to the details, it took her quite a bit of time.
	Archie went out of the reading room and saw her sitting in front of the computer. She looked focused, so he didn’t disturb her.
	But when he finished his shower, cleaned up and went out, he found her still sitting there, totally concentrated.
	He shot a look at the time. It was past twelve at night and he couldn’t help but frown.
	“What are you looking at?”
	Natalia was fully concentrating when the deep voice rang out behind her, and she jumped.
	Turning around, she saw that it was Archie and she sighed.
	“Oh, nothing, just a script.”
	“What script’s so important you’re staying up to read it now?”
	The man said, already bending over to look over her shoulder. He circled his arm around her and clicked the mouse, seeing the script’s name.
	“Strategies for Cannon Fodder”
	He cocked an eyebrow and Natalia couldn’t help but blushed, stammering an explanation. “It’s just a temporary name, they’re changing it later, er… that’s, this is the script for a web series. The production size isn’t big, so I’m just looking through it.”
	Archie chuckled. “A script like that is worth staying up until this hour?”
	Saying that, he pointed deliberately at his wristwatch.
	Only then did Natalia realize it had gotten this late. She made a sound of assent and followed him to bed.
	At the same time.
	In the Dawson household.
	Jessica was giving Nathan a call.
	It was past midnight, but for someone in their line of work, it couldn’t be considered late at all. In fact, it was even early.
	Naturally, Nathan was no exception. He was a famous night owl. He’d just finished discussing points with a producer when he left the hotel and received Jessica’s call.
	“Need something, Jessica?”
	Jessica clutched her phone nervously, a forced smile on her face.
	“It’s like this, Mr. McCarthy. I hear you’ve got a script and you’re looking for a female lead?”
	Nathan narrowed his eyes. He knew what Jessica was calling for, and still made it out to be awkward.
	“I do, but I’m not the director, it’s one of my friends. He’s new in the business and doesn’t have much experience…”
	“It’s fine. So long as the script is good, it doesn’t matter who the director is.”
	Nathan chuckled.
	“Is that so. Have you called that friend of mine, then?”
	That touched Jessica’s nerves.
	That up-and-coming director was called Vicente Langes or something. He wasn’t very famous, but he had a big temper.
	She was one of the top-line actresses in the business. Even with all the scandals, she still had scores of fans.
	It was an honor to have her participate in his works, but he actually refused?
	That man didn’t know what was good for him!
	But as things stood now, Jessica didn’t have any better choices. From her roles throughout her career, this character suited her all the more.
	Knowing that Vicente was Nathan’s friend and Nathan was actually going to be on producing, she knew the quality wouldn’t be bad.
	It was a web series, but web series were getting popular now. This might turn things around.
	Considering that, Jessica took a deep breath, suppressed her discontent, and beamed, “I called, but Director Langes doesn’t seem to know me very well, and I’m not too familiar with him. You know me, Director McCarthy. Last time was just an accident. If you can give me a chance this time around, I’ll put up a good performance. I won’t let you down.”
	To be honest, Nathan was getting swayed.
	After all, with Vicente’s personality, the whole shooting could be stalled if they didn’t find the right candidate.
	People who thought they were the most obstinate person in the world probably hadn’t met Vicente.
	If it hadn’t been for how intractable he was, someone that talented wouldn’t have found himself in a place like this.
	He was middle-aged already, but still a new director.
	Thinking of that, Nathan sighed.
	He did want to help his friend out, so he said, “I’ll discuss it with him, then! If it’s all right, I’ll call you back.”
	If he put it like that, he was basically agreeing already.
	Jessica heaved a sigh of relief.
	Smiling, she said, “Thanks, Director McCarthy.”
	Nathan grunted, didn’t discuss it with her too much, and hung up.
	Morning the next day, he went to visit Vicente directly.
	Vicente had set up a small workshop. Or rather, a little homemade workspace.
	He was so poor he couldn’t even afford proper equipment. Everything was rented. He had it rough.
Chapter 150 Not A Good Fit
	Entering the office, Nathan sat down directly on the crinkled sofa opposite the desk.
	Sitting behind his desk, Vicente shot him a look and didn’t speak.
	His fingers were working on whatever had the keyboard clicking and tapping all over the place. Looked like he was typing something up.
	Nathan didn’t disturb him. He sat there, legs crossed, lit a cigarette and waited.
	After half an hour or so, Vicente stopped, stood, and poured himself a glass of water.
	“What are you here for? Out with it!”
	The blunt tone sent Nathan reeling, who snapped, “What, I can’t just stop by and see you?”
	Vicente chuckled. “You wouldn’t be here for any reason but business.”
	Nathan had no words. “…”
	They were college classmates and had been friends from that time.
	Both talented souls, they’d found things to appreciate about each other as they interacted.
	It was just that, compared to Vicente, Nathan was more flexible in his dealings, so he’d made good after his debut. A few of his works had later become blockbusters, and now he was a hotshot director.
	Vicente was different. He’d had his chance early on, but his temper had got him in trouble with someone big, and he ended up ostracized.
	All these years, even with Nathan helping him, he’d never found a good chance.
	Nathan knew what his friend was like, so he wasn’t really angry.
	He tossed the documents in his hands onto the desk, muttering, “There are some advertisements from the investors. Take a look.”
	Vicente shot it a look and didn’t even flip through it. He just grunted without following up.
	Seeing that, Nathan found himself thoroughly annoyed.
	“What the hell do you want from me, Langes? I set this up for you personally and you’re here looking like you’re above this business! There is an investor, so can you rein it in with the attitude? Do you know how hard it is to gather investors for this script of yours?”
	Vicente didn’t get mad at the scolding.
	He picked up the paperwork and leafed through it casually.
	Then he tossed it to the side like he was done with his chores.
	“I got it. I’ll do it.”
	Nathan was speechless. “…”
	He rolled his eyes. “Fine, I can’t change your personality. I’m not asking for much. We can’t go with Victoria for the female lead this time. But every other normal person is staying away and the people who’re coming in are all weirdos. I’m giving you a choice here. Keep on waiting or pick Jessica Dawson. Make it yourself!”
	Vicente stirred, his lazy eyelids twitching. Then, very determinedly, he said.
	“I’ll keep waiting!”
	Nathan wanted to pick up the ashtray and throw it at him!
	“Wait? You can afford to wait? What if the investors leave? Who’re you going to get to invest in you again?”
	Vicente didn’t reply.
	Nathan’s brain was starting to hurt.
	He was his friend, but he had to baby this man like a father!
	Why did he even bother?
	Finally, he sighed and kept trying. “The business is cruel, Vicente. It took you so much trouble to refine the script. You can’t be content watching it waste away in your hands, right? With a subject like this, it might be fine for these couple of years, but another couple years later, no one’s going to pay attention to it. What then? Think about your dreams; are you willing to stay cooped up here forever? Is making a bit of concession really so difficult?”
	Hearing his words, Vicente’s rock-carved mask of a face finally twitched a bit.
	He lifted his head and gazed straight at Nathan, his razor sharp lips finally parting under his messy mustache after a long while.
	“I can switch out the actress, but I don’t want Jessica Dawson.”
	Nathan flung out his hands. “Why?”
	“She’s not a good fit.”
	“Then who is?”
	“Dunno.”
	“You—”
	Nathan almost sprang up from the sofa. Rubbing his temples, he shook his head.
	“Fine, whatever, You want to keep doing this, then keep doing it. Let’s see what you’re going to do when the investors all leave!”
	With that, he took his clothes and made to leave.
	But before he took one step out the door, Vicente’s stubborn voice rang out from behind him.
	“Lend me your computer.”
	Nathan spun around and yelled in a rage, “No! Don’t you have one? Why do you have to use mine?”
	“Mine’s broken.”
	He turned the monitor around to face him.
	The ancient display showed a black screen with a long line of code.
	Nathan realized that the tapping wasn’t him typing words, but code.
	He was so pissed he couldn’t form coherent sentences.
	He pointed at Vicente, fed up.
	“What do you want me to say? If you’d only budge a little bit, do you think you’d still be stuck here without a single work to your name? If you’d just change that temperament of yours, do you think you’d be troubled to buy something like a computer? You… miserable old coot!”
	Vicente smiled and didn’t take his words seriously.
	He stretched and said mildly, “Have someone bring the computer over. I need it before four o’clock.”
	Then he just got up and left.
	Nathan felt like snapping him in half and throwing him out the window!
	But at four in the afternoon, a brand new laptop was still delivered on time to Vicente’s office.
	Over the phone, Nathan sent him a vicious text. “I had someone build this specifically for me, Langes! It’s expensive! So be goddamned careful when you use it! If you break it or delete something by accident, I’m going to burn those orchids of yours in their pots!”
	Vicente was still smiling. He didn’t bother replying, simply taking up the computer and starting his work.
	First, he moved a video from the hard drive to his new computer. He clicked on one of the files absent-mindedly. There was a video in there.
	It would take time for the files to load. There was nothing to do while waiting, so he clicked on it.
	It was a stage performance.
	Looking at the scene and the setup, this should be an audition.
	In the picture, a woman in black armor and a red feathered helm stood there, hefting a spear. Her brow was fierce without arching, and there was experienced determination in her eyes. Without making a single motion, she emanated power and authority.
	On the stage, a woman in courtly dress sobbed, voice trembling, “You’re here, after all!”
	The armored lady lifted her chin, imperious gaze sweeping the land. She slammed the butt of her spear against the ground.
	“Yes, I am here!”
Chapter 151 Bet Or Not
	Vicente was absolutely astounded!
	It was her!
	It had to be her!
	It seemed that she was born domineering and arrogant.
	She was just the heroine he was looking for!
	He was spiritless just now but suddenly got full of beans.
	He held the computer in high spirits, walked around the room, and then stared at the picture on the screen. He even wanted to wave his arms and stamp his feet in joy.
	The video wasn’t long, and it came to an end soon.
	He hurriedly called Nathan and asked him who the person on his computer was.
	Nathan was still a bit confused when he picked up the phone, so he asked, “You mean who?”
	Vicente explained to him impatiently, “I mean the woman who plays the role of the female general.”
	Hearing that, Nathan was even more confused. He couldn’t remember that at all.
	The only one who had played the role of a female general before was Victoria.
	But Vicente knew her. He didn’t need to call to ask him!
	Nathan was at a loss for a while, then suddenly an idea came to his mind. He asked hurriedly, “Are you watching an audition video?”
	Vicente hurriedly said, “Yes! That’s it! Who is the woman playing the role of the female general in this video? I want to find her.”
	What he said put Nathan in an awkward situation.
	After a while, he said, “Vicente, to be honest, if you want her to be your heroine, I advise you to give up. It’s impossible.”
	Vicente was stunned. He frowned and asked, “Why is it impossible? I haven’t seen her in the entertainment circle before. I think she must be a new actress, right? Don’t worry. I promise I can make her popular. She is very suitable for acting. She is just a born actress.”
	Hearing his excited tone on the phone, Nathan responded with a sneer.
	“You have just watched a video, and you haven’t seen her yet! You talk big about her now. Aren’t you afraid that you will regret in the future?”
	In fact, when Nathan said these to him, he didn’t feel good in his heart.
	He remembered Natalia had refused him relentlessly when he came to ask her to play a role in his drama.
	If it was a rose, it would bloom sooner or later.
	Thinking of this, he rolled his eyes and a wicked idea came to his mind.
	“Vicente, you’re interested in her, aren’t you? Her name is Natalia. She is the head of the Public Relations department of Annie International, not an actress. If you can persuade her to take the role in this drama, I will kneel down in front of you!”
	“But if you can’t do that, you must listen to me. I will determine who would be the heroine. How about that? Bet or not?”
	Nathan was obviously provoking him, and Vicente couldn’t bear it.
	He sneered, “Why not? Let’s make a bet!”
	Seeing him get hooked, Nathan laughed and said with pride, “Okay, then it’s a deal. You can’t go back on your word!”
	Vicente snorted heavily. He didn’t respond and directly hung up the phone.
	The next day, when Natalia had just arrived at the office, her assistant came over and told her that someone was waiting for her.
	She was a little surprised. It was just 8:30 in the morning. Most people in this circle rest in the daytime and came out only at night. Therefore, no one would come to her at this time of the day.
	She didn’t know who came here so early today.
	She headed for the reception room with curiosity.
	As soon as she entered the room, she saw a middle-aged man with a bristly unshaven chin sitting there. The man was wearing a gray checked fabric suit. He was thin and even slightly bent his back.
	At first glance, this made Natalia feel he should be an old man. It was not until she came to the front that she found that he was at most in his early 30s.
	She was a bit surprised because she didn’t remember this person. She was subconsciously on the alert and asked, “Hello, I’m Natalia. I heard you are looking for me, right?”
	Before Vicente came here, he had thought over what he should say to her. But when he saw her face to face, he couldn’t help but feel stunned.
	She was exactly the image arising in his mind.
	Natalia treated Vicente politely, but without much enthusiasm. He could also feel her domineering charisma.
	Her eyes were like a piece of artworks that had been carefully carved by a craftsman. He could even feel her soul when staring at her eyes. Vicente could feel her eyes were full of emotions when she just stood there.
	Vicente quickly stood up and rubbed his hands nervously. He stared at Natalia with his sharp eyes and couldn’t withdraw his eyes.
	His gaze on her grew way too hot that Natalia felt uncomfortable subconsciously.
	She turned her head and whispered to the assistant to go out before sitting down on the chair and asked, “Get to the point, please. Don’t beat around the bush. I have a meeting later. There are only 20 minutes left.”
	Then she deliberately looked at her wristwatch.
	It was not that Natalia wanted to look cool, but Vicente’s hot and somewhat crazy gaze made her uncomfortable.
	Vicente nodded. He managed an overly warm smile and extended his hand to Natalia.
	“Hello, my name is Vicente. I’m a director.”
	Natalia was a little stunned.
	Vicente?
	His name sounded familiar. She must have heard of it before.
	She suddenly came to her senses that she saw his name in a script!
	It was last night when she saw his name for the first time. Vicente was the chief director and scriptwriter of Strategies for Cannon Fodder.
	At that time, she was still wondering what kind of person could write such a bizarre and wonderful script!
	Natalia was surprised and hastily shook hands with him.
	When Natalia still felt surprised, Vicente rubbed his hands awkwardly and said, “Please don’t mind that I make such a bold visit today. I watched your performance video on my friend’s computer and thought you were very suitable for the heroine in my new drama, so I wanted to ask for your opinion. Do you want to be an actress?”
	He looked serious and his tone was especially sincere.
	Natalia was a little confused by his question. After a while, she finally realized what was going on and was at a loss for what to do.
	“May I ask, is this friend of yours Nathan McCarthy?”
	Vicente hurriedly nodded his head.
	He even remembered to emphasize, “I just saw it in his computer unintentionally, not that he intended to leak the video.”
	Natalia waved her hand and did not mind, “Since you are Mr. McCarthy’s friend, I’ll put it straight. I’ve read your script before. It’s wonderful. I like it very much. In fact, if you don’t come to me today, I will still visit you some other day.”
Chapter 152 A Bolt From The Blue
	Vicente was stunned and didn’t quite understand what she meant.
	Natalia smiled shyly, “To be honest, I also got this script from Mr. McCarthy. I did not pay much attention to it at the beginning, but last night after I read it carefully, I found this script really good. I also like the heroine in it very much.”
	Vicente’s eyes instantly glistened.
	“Then you mean…”
	“I am willing to take the role. I will be looking forward to working with you then.”
	Vicente froze.
	It was completely unexpected that everything went so smoothly.
	For a moment, he couldn’t even make any reaction. Then he immediately held Natalia’s hand happily.
	“Okay, thank you. Thank you for being willing to play in my drama.”
	Natalia was startled by his excited look. Vicente also realized that he had overreacted. He quickly let go of her hand and scratched his head embarrassedly.
	“In fact, I ran into snags and was foiled everywhere before. I didn’t expect that it would be so smooth today. Don’t worry, Miss Natalia. I won’t let you play in my drama for nothing.”
	Natalia knew what he meant and then smiled at him.
	“I don’t care. You may just call me Natalia directly.”
	Vicente agreed. After drawing up the contract with Natalia, he left happily.
	After seeing Vicente off, Natalia received a call from Nathan.
	Nathan was smug. He asked Natalia whether Vicente had come to her.
	Natalia just told him everything. After hearing what Natalia said, Nathan laughed out.
	“I have told him that you would not agree, but he just would not believe. He even dares to bet with me. I really want to know how he would wind up this matter.”
	Natalia raised her eyebrows, “Oh? What did you bet?”
	“Nothing. If I win, I can determine who will play in his drama; if he wins, then I’ll kneel down to him.”
	Natalia curled her lips, “Then you can now go to kneel to him.”
	Nathan was stunned and got speechless.
	“I have agreed.”
	Her words were like a bolt from the blue, hitting his head.
	He lapsed into long silences on the phone. After a long while, Natalia heard his trembling voice.
	“Can I…ask…why you agreed?”
	Why?
	Why did she agree when it was Vicente, but not him?
	This put him in an awkward situation.
	He even made that damned bet with Vicente!!!
	Nathan seemed to be on the verge of derangement.
	Natalia couldn’t help but laugh, “Maybe it’s because I suddenly want to act again!”
	Of course, she wouldn’t tell Nathan that the real reason was that Jessica also liked this script.
	She had already known the truth.
	Since it was impossible to punish them with the law, then she would use her own way to take back what they have taken from her step by step!
	Jessica wouldn’t be able to finish anything she had wanted to do!
	She couldn’t get anything she had wanted.
	She would lose everything she had cherished!
	Finally, she would lose everything and die painfully.
	…
	Nathan finally hung up the phone in a mental breakdown.
	As for why Natalia would agree to Vicente, he dared not ask or say anything more.
	The assistant came in and asked him respectfully, “Mr. McCarthy, we are now ready for this evening. You can go back to the set at four in the evening.”
	Nathan thought for a moment and then waved his hand at his assistant.
	“Get the car ready. We’ll go back now.”
	The assistant was stunned and somewhat puzzled.
	After shooting for several months nonstop, Nathan had said he needed a rest, so he took a day off today and let the assistant director keep an eye on the set, and that he would go back at night.
	Why was he in such a hurry now?
	However, Nathan did not bother to explain to him. He quickly packed up his things and went outside.
	However, when he just walked out of the company, he met Vicente, who had just gotten off the car.
	“Nathan, why are you going back to your set in such a hurry?”
	Vicente was smiling. Maybe it was because he felt happy, his somewhat messy face looked even younger and more handsome.
	Nathan stared at him and said angrily, “Vicente, don’t be so happy yet! I admit that I have lost. Okay, I will kneel to you!”
	After that, he put his things down and was ready for what he had promised.
	When Vicente saw this, he raised his eyebrows and immediately came forward to stop him.
	“All right. Even if you don’t feel ashamed, I am afraid that I will get punished by God. You don’t need to kneel to me. Just do me a favor!”
	Nathan looked at him suspiciously.
	“What do you want again?”
	Vicente touched his nose and laughed.
	“Nothing. Now the heroine has been confirmed, but because it is not the same as what we talked about before, she is still new in this circle. Nobody knows her. So, you may have to help me talk to those investors.”
	Nathan’s eyes widened.
	He looked so surprised.
	“Enough, Vincente! You are the director, and it’s also you who choose the heroine. But now you want me to talk to those investors?”
	Vicente froze.
	He coughed lightly, “That, I just can’t. I feel embarrassed talking to them.”
	“So can I? You feel embarrassed but I just won’t?”
	Vicente, “…”
	“Or you can just kneel down.”
	Nathan suddenly felt a surge of anger so that he almost wanted to beat him.
	In the end, he said ferociously, “Just wait!”
	Then, he left in anger.
	Vicente looked at his back and smiled.
	It was so good to have an intimate friend!
	Nathan had helped him get this opportunity. He couldn’t fail again!
	Thinking about that, he looked serious. After a while, he took a deep breath, raised his head to look at the bright sky, and then stepped outside with a smile on his face.
	Jessica had been waiting for Nathan’s response for the past two days.
	She really didn’t want to call Vicente again. He was just an unknown director. She heard that he had just directed several MVs and advertisement short films before. He did not have any famous works and he had been so picky and fussy.
	Although she had scandals now, she still had fame and popularity. If it was before, every director would come and invite her to play in their drama. How could anyone refuse her?
	All in all, it was that bitch Natalia’s fault!
	If it weren’t for her, how would she have ended up in such a situation?
	The more Jessica thought about it, the angrier she became. She clenched her fists tightly. When she felt the pain in her hands, there were already a few deep red marks on her fair palms, almost bleeding.
	Only then did she take a deep breath, slowly loosen her hands and call Julia.
	“Julia, have you gotten any news from Nathan? Does he agree or not?”
Chapter 153 Make Tricks Again
	Julia had just hung up the phone with Nathan. It was not long before she received a call from Jessica.
	She was still thinking about how to tell Jessica the truth. Hearing her ask about it, she couldn’t help but sigh.
	“They have decided. The heroine of Strategies for Cannon Fodder is not you.”
	“What?”
	Jessica was shocked and her face changed drastically.
	No wonder she was surprised. After all, she was a popular top-line artist. Even if she had a scandal, she still had many fans, so the viewing rate must be good with her.
	Now she even demeaned herself to play in the unknown web series. It was okay if the director wanted to strike a pose to impress her and cut down her pay.
	But he really didn’t let her play the role!
	Who the hell had gotten the chance, she wondered.
	Jessica was so angry. Julia continued, “In fact, it’s not a big deal. It’s just a web series. It’s fine even if we don’t get it. We can try other scripts.”
	“It’s easy for you to say that!” Jessica was furious, “Now you also know what is going on! The director of those big-budget dramas won’t choose me. Those small-budget dramas are all about the fight between wife and mother, or about some outdated stories. Do you want me to play in these kinds of dramas? What do you want my fans to think of me in the future?”
	Jessica had always kept the image of a pure and elegant goddess. She usually took the leading rold in high-quality and big-budget dramas.
	If she really demeaned herself to play in those ridiculous boring dramas, it would be very difficult for her to take any leading roles again.
	Julia also knew that what she said was reasonable. In fact, no one wanted to miss such a good script, but they had no choice.
	“So, what do you think we should do now?”
	Jessica took a deep breath, and then said in a deep voice, “Who is it? The leading role?”
	“I don’t know. Nathan refused to tell me. It seems that Vicente chose that woman himself.”
	“No matter who it is, go and figure it out.”
	Julia fell silent for a moment.
	In the end, she agreed, “Okay. I’ll tell you when I find out.”
	After hanging up the phone, Jessica angrily smashed everything in the room.
	Damn it!
	Damned snobbish!
	Anyone could oppose her now!
	Only when she finished smashing everything did she feel that the anger in her heart had been vented.
	Julia soon found out who the heroine chosen by Vicente was. After knowing the truth, she was in great shock and felt it unbelievable.
	Natalia?
	How could it be her?
	Wasn’t she working as a PR? Why had she been an actress?
	When Julia knew Jessica couldn’t play the heroine this time, she was still calm, but after she knew the heroine was Natalia, she couldn’t calm herself down anymore.
	She immediately called Jessica.
	After Jessica learned that the person who would play the heroine was Natalia, she couldn’t believe it at all.
	Natalia had never acted at all. Why had she chosen to play in this drama?
	Was Vicente blind?
	He would rather give the newcomer a chance than choose her.
	Anger and frustration made Jessica almost go crazy.
	She smashed many more things in the house, and only when Aleena heard the noise and came in did she stop.
	“Jessica, what are you doing? Why did you smash everything?”
	Jessica said angrily, “That bitch Natalia! She had tried to trip me up before. I wouldn’t make a fuss about the role in Chase the Wind with her. But she did it again now! I have prepared for this drama for a long time, but now the director has chosen her, not me! Don’t you think that’s ridiculous?”
	Aleena frowned, “How could this happen? Julia said that you can get the role, right?”
	“Fuck! Someone else has been chosen, and now she told me! I think Julia is good for nothing. She could do nothing at critical moments.”
	“Jessica, don’t say that.” Aleena did her best to soothe her, “Natalia has never acted before. What can she do? The reason why she can get the role is probably because she used other means!”
	“Heh! She should know better than to fight with you in this matter. Even if she can play the heroine, she will be scolded if she couldn’t perform well. Then she would be the target of public censure!”
	After hearing Aleena’s words, Jessica realized what was going on.
	It seemed to be reasonable.
	According to common practice, no one would choose a new actress and refused a famous actress who enjoyed great popularity, just like her.
	Natalia must have made some tricks!
	Yes, that’s it!
	Thinking of this, a ghost of maliciousness flashed across Jessica’s eyes.
	‘Heh! Natalia, do you want to be famous?’
	‘Okay, then I’ll let you be really famous!’
	As she was thinking about that, Aleena suddenly said, “By the way, isn’t there a supporting role in this drama? I have read the script before. That role is also quite good. Since you cannot play the heroine, then you can try to get this role!”
	Jessica immediately got displeased.
	“Are you crazy! You want me to take the supporting role when Natalia plays the heroine?”
	Aleena shook her head, “You can’t think like that. People all think you are a selfish and malicious woman who can even hurt your sister to achieve your goal.”
	“But if you play the supporting role, while Natalia plays the leading role, we can tell the public that Natalia wants to be an actress, and you, her sister, is willing to demean yourself to let her be the heroine.”
	“At that time, people will think you are so sweet, and you can correct your mistakes. What’s more, your acting is better than Natalia’s. But you can only play the supporting role in this drama. Guess what those people would say?”
	Jessica’s eyes glistened.
	“They will definitely think that Natalia must have made tricks to get the role!”
	“Yes, that’s right. Then we can aggravate the complicated situation! She’ll just be condemned by posterity!”
	After hearing Aleena’s words, Jessica suddenly became excited.
	It seemed she had already seen how Natalia was hated by everyone.
	“Mom, you’re smart enough to think about this. Then I’ll have Julia call Nathan now for the supporting role?”
	“Yeah, don’t worry. I’ve checked it carefully. Although it’s just a supporting role, its part is not much worse than the leading role. You can just play it as a double-heroine drama.”
	“Well, I understand.”
	After making the decision, Jessica immediately called Julia.
	Learning that she was going to strive for the supporting role, Julia was very surprised.
	After all, she knew very well what kind of person Jessica was. She would never let herself suffer wrong for her comeback.
	Let alone taking the supporting role while Natalia took the leading.
Chapter 154 You Are So Mean
	But she didn’t think too much. After all, if Jessica was willing to demean herself a little for the time being, it would be the best choice.
	Julia quickly called Nathan.
	Nathan did not answer her and let her ask Vicente.
	He had lost the bet, so naturally, he would not interfere with the decisions of the casting in this drama. Everything was up to Vicente himself.
	Julia felt helpless but still she had to call Vicente.
	Although Vicente was not quite easy going, he won’t turn her down just because of his personal liking.
	When he heard that Jessica wanted to play the supporting role, he thought about it for a little while and then agreed.
	When he agreed, Nathan was actually next to him.
	He came here to get his computer back. Seeing him hang up the phone, Nathan smiled and asked, “You said you didn’t like Jessica before. How come you still agreed to let her play the supporting role?”
	Vicente was stunned and a little confused, “I didn’t say that. I’m not familiar with her at all.”
	“But you refused her without even thinking about it.”
	Vicente pondered for a moment and replied, “She is not suitable for the leading role.”
	“Then is she suitable for the supporting role?”
	“I can’t deny that.”
	Vicente replied in a serious manner, “She is quite suitable for it.”
	Nathan sat there in a daze. It took a long time for him to realize what he had meant.
	Immediately after, he laughed out loud.
	“Vicente, you, you’re so mean!”
	Strategies for Cannon Fodder was actually a feel-good drama, where the heroine would fight against different rivals to climb up the ladder, while the supporting role was just a contemptible rebel who added troubles all the time but did nothing successfully in the end.
	It could be said that there was no more miserable supporting role than this in his drama.
	Although she almost had as many parts as the heroine, she was always suffering bearing.
	Vicente was a little puzzled and didn’t know why he laughed so happily.
	He frowned and said seriously, “I am serious. She is suitable for playing the supporting role in my drama.”
	Nathan waved his hand, “Okay, okay, I know. I can’t stop laughing if you keep saying this to me.”
	He stood up and patted the non-existent wrinkles on his suit, “Well, since you have made the decision, then just shoot it. But I have to tell you, the relationship between Natalia and Jessica is complicated. You must be mentally prepared for that, in case something unexpected happens on set.”
	Vicente froze, not quite understanding what he meant.
	But he did not ask more questions. He was hardly interested in anything but shooting his drama.
	Therefore, he just nodded and sent him away.
	And meanwhile…
	Natalia chose a good opportunity and told Archie that she was going to act in a drama.
	Archie’s first reaction was that he didn’t agree. But later, Natalia insisted on it, and he had read the script. He found it was just an ordinary feel-good short drama. While she did have some love lines, they were quite pure and she hardly had any kiss or sex scenes, so he agreed.
	What’s more, it was the early spring and the weather was so good. A short play with more than ten episodes could only be shot for one or two months at most. It was just for fun, so Archie decided not to stop her.
	After getting Archie’s permission, Natalia also arranged her work in Star Entertainment and Annie International, and then formally joined the crew.
	Not long after the actors were determined, Vicente had chosen a good time for starting up.
	There was still one month before the formal starting up. So, the actors had to shoot the official posters.
	Natalia went to the film studio early in the morning. Because she was the leading role, she was the first one to make up.
	The actor who was playing against her was Mac. He just graduated from university. He was also a new actor and didn’t get much popularity.
	But he was handsome and especially polite. When those girls saw him smiling, they would remember their pure first love. If those young girls in their set could meet him, they would feel happy for the whole day.
	They two met each other in the studio and got to know each other.
	Mac had a good personality. Although he was a new actor, he was very professional. He shot his photos very quickly and efficiently.
	When shooting together with Natalia, he was also concerned about her feelings. The girls noticed it and quickly had a favorable impression of him.
	It was only after several main characters had finished their shooting that Jessica arrived.
	“Oh, you’ve all finished shooting. I’m really sorry. I’m late.”
	She came in with a smile on her face. The photographer was waiting for her because he had to take a group photo of all the actors, and he still had other work.
	When he saw her come in, he was unhappy and didn’t say anything.
	Jessica was taken for her makeup, and soon she came out to greet everyone.
	When she walked towards Natalia, she smiled especially cheerfully.
	“Natalia, congratulations on getting this role. Don’t worry. Since we are in the same crew, if you have any problem in the future, I will definitely help you.”
	Her tone was gentle, and her smile was incomparably sincere. If people who did not know the inside information saw this, they would think they two were close sisters.
	Natalia was expressionless, and she just glanced at her.
	And she did not answer her, but directly asked the photographer.
	“People are all here now. Let’s take a group photo!”
	The photographer nodded.
	Because Natalia was the heroine, she should stand in the center of the group.
	Jessica stood by her side. Seeing how everyone respected her and treated her nicely, she clenched her fist ferocious.
	Natalia! Just wait for it!
	I would let you feel pleased with yourself for a couple of days, but after the launch...
	I would let you fall into disrepute!
	The process of shooting photos was smooth. In the evening, a film festival was held in Julio. As the boss of Star Entertainment and the head of the Public Relations department of Annie International, Natalia had already received the invitation card and would go there with Laura.
	Nathan and Hamlin would go with them too.
	Although the shooting of The Youth was almost finished, it hadn’t been cleared out yet. Nathan came here to for advertisement in advance.
	Because Victoria was not feeling well, she couldn’t come over. So, Laura took on the responsibility of publicity.
	They arrived almost at the same time. After a simple greeting, Nathan and Hamlin left to talk with the people they knew.
	Natalia, on the other hand, took Laura with her.
	Laura wore a long black dress today. She looked white and delicate. Because it was her first time attending a film festival, she still felt a little embarrassed.
	Natalia calmed her down gently. When they were talking with each other, they heard the exclaiming of a group of girls at the door.
	“Mr. Nixon, I heard that you recently invested in a period drama. What role do you think I am suitable to play?”
	“Mr. Nixon, you gave Lulu a diamond necklace for her birthday. Today is my birthday. You can’t be so biased.”
	They looked over and saw a tall and straight figure walking towards them surrounded by many people.
	Natalia was stunned, and also a little surprised.
	Max Nixon?
	Why was he here?
Chapter 155 Unexpected Encounter With Max
	Laura also felt surprised to see Max here.
	Natalia noticed her expression had changed, so she asked in a low voice, “Do you know him?”
	Laura nodded. It’s not easy to tell from her face how she felt.
	When Natalia saw this, she didn’t think much of it. After all, they were both in the entertainment circle. Maybe they had happened to know each other before.
	Max soon saw them, and immediately felt seeing his savior. He quickly pushed away the crowd and rushed to them.
	“Natalia!”
	Natalia’s expression changed. She tugged Laura’s arm, and then whispered, “Go! Hurry up!”
	They quickened their pace. However, they were wearing high heels, so how could they be as fast as Max?
	Soon, they were caught by Max.
	Max gasped, “What’s wrong with you two? Haven’t you heard me calling you? Why did you run faster and faster?”
	Natalia and Laura both turned around and both managed a weak smile.
	“Mr. Nixon, what’s the matter?”
	Max was stunned. He rolled his eyes at them unhappily.
	“What do you mean? We are friends. But you didn’t greet me after seeing me there. Do you deliberately avoid me?”
	Natalia thought in her heart that if they didn’t go away, trouble would come to them.
	Sure enough, that group of women came after them.
	“Hey, Mr. Nixon, who are they? Why don’t you introduce us?”
	The woman who spoke was wearing a purple dress with a large hole in her waist, showing her shapely curves.
	The hollow in front of her seemed to be more than enough to fit them in. She was so buxom that even Natalia and Laura blushed when seeing her moving forward.
	“Oh, she is…”
	When Max was about to introduce them, Natalia glared at him, so he immediately changed his expression.
	“These two are my friends, Natalia and Laura. You guys can get to know each other!”
	That woman held her arms and looked them up and down.
	She was still on guard against them and they somehow felt a hint of despise in her eyes.
	“So, you’re Laura? Well, I’ve heard of your name. But you…”
	After sizing Laura up, she said with a hint of mockery, “Are you a new actress?”
	Laura nodded politely and extended her hand towards her, “Hello, Molly. I’m Luara. Hope to get well along with you in the future.”
	Only then did Natalia realize that the woman in front of her was Molly.
	It was indeed a shame. She should have known the actors and actresses in the entertainment circle since she was a PR.
	It’s just that her energy was limited. The new actors in this circle were springing up almost without a pause, which made her unable to remember each of them at all.
	Even so, she had heard of Molly but she hadn’t seen her in person before.
	She was quite famous in this circle and was almost a top-line artist.
	She had starred in many dramas and her acting was not bad. It’s just that she didn’t have any well-known works.
	She was very resourceful, but maybe it’s because of her bad luck that she had never got the chance to star in a good drama.
	Someone beside them immediately spoke.
	“Huh? Is it you who won the supporting role in Sound of Wind? Molly, did you forget it?”
	The person who said this was called Rayna, also an actress.
	However, she was not even nearly as famous as Molly, so she just liked to make friends with artists who were more famous than herself.
	At this moment, she bumped Molly’s arm and winked at her. Her implication was obvious.
	Sure enough, when Molly heard what Rayna said, she put on a sullen look.
	“So, it’s you?”
	Laura raised her eyebrows, “You know me?”
	“Heh!” Molly sneered, “What do you think you are? Are you even worthy of my acquaintance?”
	Laura, “......”
	Natalia, “......”
	Max, “......”
	In this circle, it was not uncommon for two artists to fight against each other, either under or above the table.
	But there was also an unwritten rule. That was you could not insult people to their face.
	Even if you hated each other in secret, you still had to be polite and even pretended to get along well with each other in front of the media.
	But unexpectedly, today Molly offended Laura openly.
	Laura fell into embarrassment for a moment.
	Natalia put on a sullen look. She always held the principle of not causing trouble, and not being afraid of trouble. So, she said coldly, “Yes, she is not worthy of your acquaintance. But it’s a pity that the people you want to know also don’t pay much attention to you. Just why do you think so highly of yourself?”
	Molly didn’t expect someone dared to retort.
	Instantly, she was furious.
	“And who do you think you are? You dare to talk to me like that…”
	Max was very unhappy to hear that, and his eyebrows knitted.
	He immediately interrupted her, “Molly!”
	Anger was obvious in his tone. And then Molly found Max was talking to her.
	Looking at him, her face paled visibly, “Mr. Nixon.”
	“Do you know where you are? What do you think you are to make a scene here?”
	Hearing his words, Molly tightened her heart.
	She was so impulsive just now, thinking the role she had been trying to get for so long had been gotten by an unknown new actress.
	She didn’t hold back her anger and said these to ridicule Laura.
	However, she forgot that Max was still beside her.
	She hurriedly lowered her head and said in a low voice, “Sorry, Mr. Nixon, I didn’t mean to.”
	Max also didn’t want to tangle with this group of women here. He originally wanted to find an excuse to go away when he moved forward to stop Natalia and Laura just now.
	So, he said coldly, “If you dare to do this again, you don’t need to attend this kind of activity in the future.”
	After saying that, he said to Natalia and Laura, “Go. Let’s go over there.”
	As she saw them leave, Molly was so angry that her fingertips were even trembling.
	Behind her, Rayna came forward and whispered, “Molly, what is the relationship between Laura and Mr. Nixon? I think he was defending her.”
	Another woman said, “What kind of relationship can they have? In this circle, how can she get that important role if she didn’t have any support? I think, she probably has seduced Mr. Nixon. I found Mr. Nixon treats her differently.”
	“No way! How could Mr. Nixon like her? Doesn’t she come from some village?”
	“Exactly. That’s also why she can go ahead regardless of everything!”
	“It seemed that Cinderella couldn’t become a princess at all. Laura must have made some shady tricks.”
	“That’s enough!”
	Molly finally couldn’t hold back and shouted out.
	The crowd immediately stopped talking.
	Although Molly herself was only slightly better than those second-tier actresses, among this group, she was the big shot.
	She stared in the direction that the three left just now, and gritted her teeth, “She is just a new actress. She must think she can have a meteoric rise after seducing Mr. Nixon. It’s ridiculous!”
	“Molly, she even dares to contradict you like this today. Don’t you want to give her a lesson?”
	“Yes. How can we let this continue? She’s just a newbie! Does she even know how to respect?”
Chapter 156 They Were Old Acquaintances
	“That’s right, she dares to insult you so unruly and openly now. If she really gets famous one day, won’t she bully you?”
	“Right, you are her senior by years. She is really being disrespectful to you by behaving like this.”
	Molly looked over at them.
	“Do you guys mean that you want me to deal with her?”
	The crowd hurriedly nodded unanimously.
	Molly sneered suddenly.
	“You guys think that I’m stupid? She’s now under Mr. Nixon’s protection, and you want me to mess around with her? Do you guys want me to completely offend Mr. Nixon, or do you want me to be forced out of the circle?”
	At the moment these words came out, the women’s faces instantly changed.
	“Molly, we didn’t mean that.”
	“You guys know exactly what you mean!”
	She sneered, “I’ve been in this circle longer than you, so don’t expect to tackle me using that kind of provocation. Trying to make me a gun? You’re still a bit too young!”
	After saying that, she gave a heavy cold snort and turned around to leave.
	...
	Natalia and Laura were pulled by Max into the open garden.
	“Phew – finally escaped from that hell, thank you so much!”
	Max kept on bowing to them, and Natalia and Laura could not help laughing.
	“Come on, they say that all women love Mr. Nixon, and I finally saw it with my eyes today. The rumors are indeed true.”
	Max smiled and rubbed his head, “Natalia, please stop teasing me, I can’t help it, right? I sacrifice my beauty for the sake of business, I am very dedicated, right? Not even you don’t comfort me, you even make fun of me.”
	Natalia rolled her eyes.
	“Come on, you sacrificed your beauty for business? It’s obvious that you just enjoyed messing around with women as well as the trouble from them.”
	Ever since Archie took her to meet with Max and a few of his friends last time, Natalia had kept in touch with them.
	Stephen had set up a Facebook group with all his buddies in it. He had also invited her into it as well.
	They would occasionally chat in their spare time, so they were not strangers to each other.
	When Max was teased by her, he did not get angry but laughed instead.
	He then looked at Laura who was behind her.
	He rubbed his chin and smiled, “Laura, it’s been a long time since we met last time. You look pretty in this outfit today. You are very cold and elegant.”
	While saying that, he squeezed his eyes at her appreciatively.
	However, Laura looked away indifferently.
	“Mr. Nixon, don’t try to seduce me. I don’t like you.”
	Max was speechless.
	He swore that he did not seduce her inwardly. He was just giving words of encouragement to her!
	Natalia could not help but laugh.
	“So, you guys really know each other, huh? I thought you’re strangers to each other. Now it seemed that you’re old acquaintances!”
	Laura glanced at Max. She was a bit uncomfortable.
	After a pause, she explained, “He and I were classmates a long time ago. We played together when we were kids.”
	Natalia was stunned and felt a little surprised.
	As far as she knew, Laura was not from a rich family. Her family could only be considered modest. As for Max, everyone knew that he was the only son of the Nixon family in Eqitin.
	One grew up in Eqitin and the other was born in Julio. Logically, they should not have known each other when they were children.
	However, she did not ask too many questions.
	After all, it was their privacy. Furthermore, since Laura did not say anything, she must not want anyone to know.
	It happened that at that moment, Nathan came over to find her and wanted to take her over to greet and get to know some bigwigs in the film industry. So, Natalia left with Nathan.
	As soon as she left, Laura also stepped forward to leave.
	However, Max pulled her back.
	“Eh, wait.”
	Laura turned around and looked at him with raised eyebrows.
	Her cool face was pretty and had some aura and Max also felt awkward somehow.
	He did not know when he offended her. He felt that she showed a gloomy face to him once he entered the door today.
	He had just defended her.
	She was heartless!
	Max gave her a friendly smile, “It’s been a long time since we met last time, let’s have a drink together.”
	Laura hooked her lips sneeringly.
	“Are you not afraid that those girlfriends of yours will get jealous?”
	Max choked.
	He said exasperatedly, “They’re not my girlfriends.”
	“Oh? However, they’ll still be jealous, I don’t want to put myself into trouble.”
	After saying that, she casually waved her hand at him as a farewell sign. Then, she walked away.
	She looked so decisive.
	It was the first time in Max’s life that he got rejected and was treated indifferently in such an ungracious manner.
	At once, he was very angry that his chest hurt.
	Sure enough, she was heartless.
	Her turning him down made him even more desperately want to have a drink with her.
	Laura found that he was a totally different person today, following her wherever she went.
	Originally, she wanted to keep a low profile to come over to have a little show, promote the new drama, complete her mission and then leave.
	But with him following her like this, how could she complete her mission?
	Everyone knew that Max was quite famous in this circle. Wherever he went, the media would follow him, and so do the gazes of the actresses.
	Just everyone seemed as if they wanted to throw themselves onto him.
	When they found out that he had been following Laura, those poking gazes were like knives, stabbing her one after another.
	Laura even felt the pain on her back due to the stabbing.
	Finally, she managed to finish the task of promoting the new drama with a few media interviews. She planned to leave immediately.
	However, at this moment, a figure darted over.
	Laura was unaware and was bumped. She fell to the ground at once.
	“Ah, sorry, sorry.”
	The one who bumped into her was a waiter with wine in his hands. Seeing this, he hurriedly put the wine down and came forward to help her up.
	Laura gritted her teeth in pain. Fortunately, it was close to the entrance and less crowded. So, even if there were a few people who had heard the commotion and looked over, it did not attract too much attention.
	She hurriedly stood up and the waiter helped her pick up her handbag and apologized to her.
	“Miss, are you alright, I didn’t mean to do that, I’m really sorry.”
	That waiter was anxious. Laura rubbed her arm that was hurt by the bump and forced a smile.
	“It’s alright, just be more careful next time.”
	“I’ll be careful next time, don’t ever complain about me to our manager, please.”
	He looked as if he was in a hurry. She thought that probably tonight was too busy and the waiters were short-staffed. That was why he was in such a hurry.
	When she used to have a summer job, she also worked as a waitress in a bar and she knew very well that it was not easy to work here, so she did not say anything anymore. She only waved her hand at him.
	“Don’t worry, I won’t complain about you, just go and do your work.”
	“Thank you, thank you.”
	The waiter left with a thousand thanks.
Chapter 157 Being Framed
	Laura exhaled gently, rubbed her wrist that was red from the bump and checked her skirt.
	The skirt was borrowed from a sponsor in the company, so it could not get dirty.
	Luckily, the waiter had reacted quickly. He had immediately turned the plate in his hand around after realizing that he had bumped into her.
	As a result, even though she fell to the floor, her dress was still intact.
	She felt so lucky.
	Laura was relieved to see that nothing was wrong and was ready to leave.
	Max, who was not far away, saw that she was leaving and hurriedly tried to follow her.
	However, just at that moment, several guests from the business community gathered around him.
	“Mr. Nixon, it’s been a long time since we last met. I heard that you have recently been promoted to be the president of Nixon Group, congratulations.”
	“Mr. Nixon, since we’ve met today, why don’t you have a drink with us?”
	“Yes, we all want to meet you and have a talk with you. However, we’ve never had the chance. So, today we have to have a good chat with us anyway.”
	Max was surrounded by several people and could not leave.
	He could ignore other people but not them as they were the bigwigs in the business world.
	Although he was the only son of the Nixon family, he could not afford to ignore them. Furthermore, they were all friends of his father and had a lot of business dealings with the Nixon family.
	With no choice, Max had to stay and smiled at them, “I felt flattered. Let’s talk over here.”
	He led them to the parlor inside.
	Laura, on the other hand, was feeling good as she had managed to get rid of him.
	However, just when she reached the entrance of the hotel, she was stopped by a few police officers.
	“Miss, we have received a report that you are carrying a large number of prohibited items, please come with us.”
	...
	After following Nathan out to socialize, Natalia then returned to the lobby and turned around, but she could not find Laura.
	She simply asked a waiter and realized that she had already left.
	So, she did not think too much. It was late now, and Laura still had scenes to shoot tomorrow, so it was normal for her to leave early.
	At the same time, in a room right next to the hotel.
	Laura looked at the large bag of methamphetamine that had been searched out in front of her in a shock.
	“Pop!” With a loud bang, a bright white light was turned on above her head, stinging her eyes and she felt pain.
	Laura subconsciously raised her hand to shield her eyes, and then lowered her hand to look at a serious-faced officer sitting opposite to her.
	Her face turned pale.
	Although she did not know what was going on until now, one thing was for sure.
	She had been framed!
	However, who could it be? Who could have framed her with such a dirty trick?
	The prohibited items were retrieved from her bag while all her costumes and props today were provided by her company.
	Her company would not have framed her, so who would it be?
	She suddenly thought of the waiter who had just bumped into her.
	At the time she was knocked to the ground, it was the waiter who picked her handbag up, which meant that apart from the people in the company and herself, that waiter was the only one who had touched her bag.
	“Say it! Where did these things come from!”
	As she was thinking, she heard the officer’s serious voice.
	Laura snapped back to her senses and looked at him with a pale face.
	“I don’t know, this stuff does not belong to me.”
	The officer sneered, "If it’s not yours, can it be someone else’s? Miss, I advise you to give an honest account. You are a public figure, don’t ruin your future!”
	Laura’s face suddenly turned pale.
	In fact, no matter what she said, if this issue broke out, her future would be ruined.
	The person who had framed her was attempting to ruin her!
	Realizing this, Laura’s face turned even paler.
	She took a deep breath to calm herself down slightly. Then, she said, “Officer, this thing isn’t mine. When I was outside just now, a waiter bumped into me. He must have taken the opportunity to put them into my bag. If you don’t believe me, you can go and watch the CCTV footage. Someone is obviously framing me.”
	The officer narrowed his eyes slightly.
	“Framing you?”
	“Yes! If you still don’t believe me, you can give me a urine test and check if I have a history of drug use. If I don’t have a history of drug use, why do I bring it here?”
	“I know how important this occasion is. Isn’t it that I’m asking for trouble bringing such things in? I don’t take drugs as well! It’s obvious that someone had framed me and wants to ruin my future.”
	The officer thought for a moment.
	Then, he lifted his eyes and looked at her.
	“So, who do you think would have framed you?”
	“Naturally, the one who had reported it should also be the one who had framed me!”
	The officer sneered.
	He suddenly slapped the table and said angrily, “Nonsense!”
	Another officer next to him also sneered, “The one who reported you was an ordinary waiter. Why did he frame you? If you want to clear yourself, you better find a better excuse first!”
	Laura was stunned.
	Before she could do anything, she saw the officer waving his big hand.
	“Alright, don’t talk nonsense with her, bring the stuff and cuff her out!”
	“Yes!”
	The cold metal handcuffs were then put around her wrists.
	Laura panicked.
	No, she could not go out like this.
	If she went out like this, everyone would know that she had been handcuffed by the police at the party, then no matter what the reason was, no matter what the truth was, no matter she was innocent or not, she would be ruined forever.
	She was in a panic. Just then, the door was slammed open.
	Natalia rushed in together with Nathan.
	“What’s going on here?”
	She had originally thought that it was normal for Laura to leave early.
	But then, after thinking about it carefully, she felt that something was not right.
	Laura had come with her, and she was not the kind of person who would leave without giving a proper explanation.
	If she left, she would have at least sent a message to her and said something.
	But now that she had disappeared without explaining anything, Natalia immediately realized that something was wrong and grabbed two waiters for questioning, only to find out that she had been brought away by the police.
	Luckily, in order to make a body search, they temporarily found a place in the hotel instead of cuffing her and directly taking her to the police station.
	Natalia asked indifferently, “Officers, what do you mean by this?”
	The officer asked, “Who are you?”
	Nathan hurriedly stepped forward to introduce himself. The officer did not know Natalia but knew Nathan. After his words, they nodded.
	“We received a report, saying that someone was hiding drugs here. We have just searched her body and this is what we found.”
	As the man spoke, one of his colleagues brought the packet of methamphetamine up to show it to Natalia.
	Natalia’s face turned pale.
Chapter 158 Max Saved the Day
	She turned her head to look at Laura, who desperately shook her head. She held back her tears that were about to come out due to panic and gritted her teeth, “Natalia, I’ve never had something like those, someone is framing me.”
	In fact, Natalia knew it even without her saying it.
	This was clearly a trap. She knew Laura well enough, not to mention that she would never touch these things that would ruin her future.
	One must be fool enough to bring such things to such an occasion today.
	Natalia calmed herself down and said to the officer, “I think the thing might not be so simple. I believe that she would not do such a thing.”
	The officer sneered, “We will know whether the stuff belongs to her when we go back to the police station and check it out. This is not something you can say.”
	After saying that, he ignored Natalia and waved his hand, “Take her away!”
	“Wait!”
	Natalia’s face turned pale. However, she and Nathan could not stop them if they just insisted on bringing her away.
	Seeing that they had handcuffed Laura, Natalia quickly took out her phone and called Max.
	Archie had gone abroad on business these days and could not be counted on. Luckily, Max was here today.
	He was the son of the Nixon family and also had shares in Annie International. As Star Entertainment was under Annie International not, he would not walk away from this matter.
	Sure enough, in the parlor, Max was having a good conversation with a few seniors. He was shocked when he suddenly received a call.
	“What? You said they found some drugs on her? She was already taken away?”
	“Yes! But right now the people out there probably haven’t know what’s going on. I’m going to deal with the emergency PR instantly. Max, you should hurriedly find a way to get her out first!”
	Natalia was so crisp and decisive that she did not give him time to react after the call. She hung up the phone with a snap.
	Max stood there and was unable to come back to his senses for a long time.
	It was the Mr. Jefferson behind him who patted him on the shoulder.
	“Mr. Nixon, did something happen?”
	Only then did he jerk and come back to his senses, slightly changing his face, and look at the few people sitting on the sofa.
	“Sorry, there’s an emergency situation over there, I have to go immediately, we can talk next time.”
	After saying that, he left in a hurry.
	It was in the police station.
	Laura was sitting on a tin chair, waiting for the results of the urine test.
	The bag where the drugs were hidden had already been checked and her fingerprints were not found.
	In other words, it had been confirmed that the drugs were not hers, but a urine test was still needed to make sure that she really did not take them.
	Laura was in a very bad mood.
	She had never expected that something like this would happen.
	Not only had she been framed but she did not even have the chance to explain.
	When Max arrived in a hurry with his men, he saw her sitting alone on a chair in the corridor and with handcuffs on her hands. She looked helpless.
	He felt his heart twitched, so he hurriedly walked over.
	“Laura, how are you?”
	Laura lifted her head and saw that it was him. A glimmer of hope appeared in her originally bleak eyes.
	“Max! What are you doing here?”
	She stood up.
	Max tightened his eyebrows and he looked gloomy, “I can’t come when something like this had happened to you?”
	Laura forced a smile, “People that don’t know the truth will think that you are my boyfriend or something.”
	Max stiffened his face when he heard that. After a while, he waved his hand, “Alright, let’s not talk about that. What’s going on now? Hurry up and tell me!”
	Laura then told him how she was bumped into by the waiter, how she was taken away by the police and how the police frisked her.
	In fact, the matter was very simple. Max could understand it without much detail.
	After listening to Laura’s account, Max sneered.
	Such a blatant conspiracy was full of loopholes, and the aim was never to frame her and to put Laura in jail.
	After all, if the matter was brought to the police station, the truth could be found out with a simple investigation.
	It seemed like a prank by some people, just to ruin her reputation and give her a hard time.
	As expected, the urine test results came out after a while.
	Laura did not take drugs and the blood sample showed that she had never taken any drugs either.
	She was innocent.
	Of course, she always knew that she had never taken drugs, but she still let out a sigh of relief when the results came out.
	When the officers saw Max coming, they finally decided to let her go. After all, it was already proved that Laura was innocent.
	So, the officer smiled and walked forward. He said to Max, “Mr. Nixon, I’m really sorry. It seems that this is a misunderstanding. Since Miss Davies is an artist under your company, there is naturally no problem. I’m really sorry for bothering you to make this trip in the middle of the night.”
	Max looked at him indifferently and followed by a sudden smile.
	“So you mean, this matter will be over just like that, officer?”
	“Uh...”
	The officer gave Laura an awkward glance and then looked at him again and laughed, “Mr. Nixon, you mean...”
	“Heh! My artist was being falsely accused and you took her away in public without investigating properly. How would you pay for the damage to her reputation?”
	“Annie International has spent hundreds of millions on the drama, and it is about to go on air in no time. However, just before it can even come out, the actress is in jail. How would you pay for our loss in viewing rates when news like this gets out?”
	The officer did not think about it much when he received a call to arrest her.
	And now, questioned by Max, he was immediately confused.
	“Isn’t it that Ms. Davies had been proved innocent? If Mr. Nixon is worried about the gossip, I can come out with an announcement and post it online.”
	Max pulled the corner of his mouth indifferently.
	“If an announcement is enough, why there are still so many cases of reputations being ruined due to mistakes?”
	These days, it did not matter where the announcement was made, as long as the person was in the police station, there would be many rumors in the public.
	Especially if it was linked to a sensitive topic like drug use.
	If you went into a police station and did not come out and the charge was valid, people would say that your private life was a mess and there were no good people in the entertainment circle.
	If you went into a police station and finally came out and the charge turned out invalid, people would say that you had strong support behind you and you must have taken advantage of the relationship.
	So, it didn’t really matter what the final outcome of this matter was, or who had come out to announce her innocence.
	As long as someone saw Laura being taken away from the banquet hall, her reputation would be ruined.
	This was the world of the celebrities, and this was how the public opinions worked on the internet.
	Being too imaginary was a disease but there were no remedies for it.
	As soon as the officer heard Max’s words, he knew that he would not give up easily. For a moment, he could not help but felt anxious.
	“Mr. Nixon, you have to understand that this is our duty to handle this case in such a way. If it has got you and Ms. Davies into trouble, I’m really sorry about it, but we are doing it according to the formal procedure, I really did not expect ...”
Chapter 159 Threatening the Media
	“Enough.”
	Max spoke out to interrupt him.
	“I know that it’s not easy for you guys either. Things have already happened, and the damage caused cannot be undone, I don’t blame you for that, but...”
	He paused for a while and looked at him with a stern gaze, “You guys should be able to investigate something like reporting a false crime thoroughly, right!”
	The officer was shocked.
	Logically, it could not be considered as a false report as they indeed found the drugs at the scene. It was just that they still needed to find out the real owner of the drugs they had found.
	As he was thinking, Max’s voice came out again.
	“The drugs do not belong to Laura, so they must belong to someone else. The drugs appear out of nowhere, so you must find out their source, right?”
	The officer hurriedly nodded, “Yes, please don’t worry about it, we will definitely find out the truth.”
	Only then did Max nod in satisfaction, “So, can she go now?”
	“Of course. Mr. Nixon, this way.”
	Only then did Laura leave with Max.
	As expected, just as they stepped out of the police station, they found the reporters and media had blocked their way.
	Their cars were parked outside. They could not get up there without passing through the media.
	“Miss Davies, it was reported that you brought drugs with you at a party, is this true?”
	“Miss Davies, may I ask how you are feeling now, after something like this happened and your new drama is about to go on air?”
	“Miss Davies, is it because your agency has bailed you out that you did not get detention?”
	“Miss Davies, may I ask how long you have been taking drugs?”
	It was the first time that Laura had encountered such a situation. She was scared and was stunned for a moment.
	At this moment, a cold and deep voice came from behind.
	“Miss Davies brought drugs with her? Who told you this?”
	The crowd was stunned.
	When they saw that the person who came out was Max, everyone was shocked.
	All of them surged over.
	“Mr. Nixon, may I ask, why are you here at this time of the day. Is it you who have bailed Miss Davies out?”
	“Mr. Nixon, it seems that Miss Davies’ involvement in the drug possession scandal is true?”
	They were all blocking Max.
	Max was indifferent. He said in a stern voice, “Marvis!”
	“Yes!”
	“Bring someone to clear the way!”
	“Yes!”
	Two rows of bodyguards immediately ran over and pushed the reporters away.
	Max hugged Laura and shielded her as he walked out.
	“Mr. Nixon! Please give us an explanation.”
	“Mr. Nixon, do you think you can veil the truth by not saying anything?”
	Max simply ignored them. After sending Laura to the car, he swished the door shut.
	He ordered the driver to drive her away first before he turned around and faced those media reporters.
	“First of all, from the beginning, no one has ever said that Laura was taken away because of drug possession! I don’t know where you had heard the news, but I’m here to tell you about it.”
	“I didn’t come here to bail her out. The police station has investigated clearly that what had happened today had nothing to do with her, it was just that someone wants to frame her.”
	“If you don’t believe me, there is a police station behind you. You can go and ask for clarification yourselves.”
	“Since this is all a misunderstanding, I don’t want to see any negative news about this incident from any of your reports.”
	“If I see any of you distorting the facts, it is slander! For any media companies that damage the reputation of the artists of Annie International, we will sue them for defamation and will never let it go easily, you can try it if you don’t believe me!”
	After he finished, he turned around to a bodyguard beside him and said loudly, “Josh, go! Take down the names of all the media here, don’t miss a single one!”
	“Yes!”
	After Max finished his words, he got into his car and left.
	The media were a bit confused by his words, but after a while, someone really came over and recorded their names one by one.
	Those people were so scared that their faces turned pale.
	“Why are you recording our names? You are not following the rules!”
	“Rules? Heh!” Josh sneered, “You still talk about rules with me? You always distort the truth. Don’t insult the word ‘rules’ by talking about it from your mouth!”
	With that, despite his resistance, he took the wallet out of his pocket.
	He fished out his ID card and wrote down his name.
	The man was so angry that he trembled.
	“What do you mean by this? Threatening and intimidating?”
	“Yes! We have nothing to say if you write down our company’s name, but what are you doing with our names?”
	“Do you guys want to take revenge?”
	Josh gave a sarcastic laugh.
	“Annie International is a regular company. How would we such a thing? We are taking down your names just in case. After all, with such a piece of big news, if your names appear on the news, we have to have an impression somehow, right?”
	The man’s eyes widened at once.
	“How dare you say that you are not trying to take revenge! You’re threatening us right now?”
	“If you say so.”
	Josh did not bother to talk to them anymore. Soon, after taking down their names, he led his men away.
	The reporters looked at the back of the caravan leaving. They were anxious and angry.
	But they did not dare to do anything.
	They all knew Max. Though they were all from a wealthy family, unlike Archie, Max would not care about the consequences and would really go back to whoever had pissed him off.
	If it was Archie, they could still talk about it like a business.
	After all, they were just all entertainment media, so who would be willing to give up such a piece of breaking news?
	But then they met a guy like Max!
	This guy was always unconventional. If he was really pissed off, he might really take revenge under the table!
	Thinking of this, all the reporters did not dare to act rashly for a moment.
	In the end, they all returned to their own companies and reported the situation to their superiors before making a decision.
	At the same time, Max sat in his car and called the PR department.
	He ordered them to contact the heads of the major media who were at the scene just now, so that he could do Max a favor to suppress the news.
	Fortunately, although Laura had starred in “The Youth” and “Chase the Wind”, and “The Youth” had always been very popular on the internet.
	She was a newcomer after all, unlike those famous celebrities.
	So, after discussion, the heads of the media were willing to do him a favor.
	After all, it was not really smart to offend a business tycoon just for this bit of news about a newcomer.
	Moreover, by letting go of this news today, Max owed them a favor that he would have to repay sooner or later.
	Because of this, the matter was resolved quite smoothly.
	After this was done, Max dialed Natalia’s number.
	It was because some other people had seen Laura being taken away by the police.
Chapter 160 Suspended Forever
	Although this matter would not be reported on the media side, it was inevitable that some rumors were leaked out.
	They still had to do something on the public relations aspect.
	After Natalia received the call, she was relieved to know that he had settled everything.
	As for the PR aspect, she had already made arrangement just in time to manage those critics online.
	As soon as there was a slight movement on the internet, it was immediately suppressed.
	At the end of the day, although they had officially announced that Laura would take a leading role in “The Youth” and the trailer had come out, the drama had not yet been broadcast, so there were not many people who had known about it.
	Furthermore, she was just a newcomer with only about 200 Twitter followers. As long as the media and the bigwigs did not put her into trouble, there should be not much big deal.
	After settling all this, Max asked Natalia to see if anyone had taken any photos or videos at the scene.
	If there was indeed such a photo or video, no matter how much it cost, it must be destroyed.
	Otherwise, even if there was no trouble now, it might be a problem if someone brought this issue up in the future.
	Natalia knew it, so before he told her, she had already asked her men to deal with it.
	Max only had time to meet Laura when he had settled all the issues.
	They met at a crossroads.
	The driver parked the car at the roadside. Laura, who was wrapped in an overcoat, got down from the car.
	Seeing him, a few hints of guilt appeared in her eyes.
	“Did I get you into a big trouble today?”
	Her tone was timid. It was the first time she spoke in such a tone to him. He smiled instantly.
	“You know you’ve caused me trouble?”
	Laura twitched her mouth and lowered her head in dissatisfaction.
	It was not what she wanted either, OK?
	She did not know if it was because she had offended Molly and the others at the party today because of him.
	After all, she had not offended anyone in this circle, so if someone had really framed her on purpose, it could only be because of what had happened tonight.
	Whatever, he was the culprit!
	Thinking of this, Laura could not help but looked at him with a gloomy face.
	Max had obviously thought of this as well. He looked uncomfortable as he gave a clear cough.
	“Er ... don’t worry! I will find out the truth for you. I’ll never forgive those who had put you into trouble.”
	Laura nodded.
	The weather was cool at night, and they were standing by the roadside, so it was not convenient for Max to talk to her anymore. He then waved his hand.
	“Alright, you go back first.”
	“Okay.”
	When the car had left, he returned to his car. His assistant handed over his computer, on which a CCTV footage was being played.
	He explained, “Mr. Nixon, we’ve retrieved the CCTV footage throughout the lobby and we’ve also seen the waiter who bumped into Miss Davies, but because of the angle, we could only see his back but not his face, so it might not be that easy to trace the person out for now.”
	Max nodded and did not say anything.
	“Mr. Nixon, do you think we should hand this over to the police?”
	He shook his head, “No need.”
	His eyes lingered on the video, dragging the progress bar back to half an hour ago.
	He could see that the waiter entered a private room, followed by Molly a few moments later.
	He sneered, as if talking to himself or sneering, “How dare you play such tricks in front of me! You must be so tired of your life.”
	Laura did not pay any more attention to the progress of this matter.
	She only knew that two days later, Molly, who was also an artist of Annie International, was suddenly being suspended for no reason.
	Unlike her, whose contract with Annie International only lasted for five years, Molly had signed a contract for ten years back then in order to get into the company.
	She was only 26 years old now and was already a second-tier artist in the entertainment industry. Although she did not have any well-known works, she had quite a fame because she was good at hyping.
	With her current fame, if she could take on a few more well produced dramas, as long as her acting was not too bad, she would basically be able to survive in the second tier and still had a hope to strive for the first tier.
	However, at this very moment, she was suspended.
	Her fans did not know what was going on, but they’ve noticed that her Twitter account had not been updated much lately.
	It also seemed that she had not appeared in many activities recently, let alone dramas.
	The president of Molly ’s fans club had access to her schedule, but at this time, when she went to ask for it, the answer she got was that she had no schedule lately.
	Everyone was confused.
	Immediately afterwards, the official account of Annie International released a statement.
	The gist of the statement was that Molly’s activities had been suspended for an indefinite period of time as she had broken her contract.
	As soon as this statement was posted, there was an uproar on the internet.
	Annie International did not give much detail as to what she did. Some media had tried to poke around, but they could not find anything.
	As a result, speculation grew.
	As soon as the speculation started, some people got her into more trouble.
	As a result, all the shameful things that Molly had done in the past were exposed one by one.
	For example, how she slept with the producer to get a role, her secret affairs with a rich man and how she ostracized actresses in the crew even though they were from the same company.
	It was also said that she used to be a prostitute. She had been a model before she became an actress and she had attended certain strange parties.
	In short, her black history was getting exposed.
	Before Molly could understand what was going on, she was crushed by the waves of rumors out there.
	She sat at home, scrolling through the half-true and half-false scandals on Twitter. She was going to be crazy.
	She called her assistant, but her assistant, who usually treated her in a respectful manner, spoke to her indifferently this time.
	“From today onwards, I’m not your assistant. Go ask the company yourself if you have any questions.”
	After saying that, she blocked her phone number.
	Molly was so angry that she almost smashed her phone.
	She trembled for a while and then called her agent Evan with trembling fingers.
	Evan was a veteran agent in this circle.
	In Annie International, the artists that he took care of would rarely have any problem.
	He had a wide range of contacts in this circle. Even though Molly was arrogant and domineering, she was still a bit afraid of him.
	When this kind of scandal broke out and the internet was in an uproar, she thought that Evan would call her and scold her like he used to do.
	But unexpectedly, he did not call her today.
	Her phone was very quiet. From the beginning to the end, not a single person called her.
	This deadly quietness made her even more frightened, and a bad feeling rose in her heart.
	This bad feeling continued until she saw the official statement from Annie International just now.
	Her head exploded with a buzz.
	Suspended for an indefinite period of time?
	Her eyes widened as she stared at those words in disbelief.
Chapter 161 Completely Devastated
	Those in the industry were well aware of how much damage these words might do to a celebrity.
	She had a ten-year contract with Annie International, with seven years remaining as of now.
	What would she become seven years later when the contract expired if she had been suspended for seven years, with no works, events, plays, or movies?
	Who would remember her?
	What would be the sense of terminating the contract if she had turned into a middle-aged lady by then?
	Molly felt like she was going to die every time she thought of this.
	She needed to make an urgent phone call to find out what was going on!
	The call was connected in a brief moment; the other end was a bit noisy; she gripped her phone, "Hello, is it Evan?"
	"Hold on," the guy on the other end of the line said quietly.
	The other side made a succession of rustling sounds before becoming quiet.
	"Go ahead."
	Evan was always cool and calm, which was completely contradictory to Molly's impulsive and hot-tempered nature.
	He seldom lost his anger, but when he did, everyone was terrified.
	Furthermore, with years of expertise in this circle, he had his methods and had successfully brought numerous superstars to prominence.
	Even though they did not renew the contract with him in the end, they left on good terms and remained friends.
	They would also be willing to help him with his new artists whenever he needed it.
	It demonstrated how well he had done in this circle as well as how extensive his networks were.
	Molly didn't listen to anyone but him.
	She couldn't have gotten where she was today if it hadn't been for him, no matter how hard she worked.
	As a result, Molly held him in the highest regard.
	Only after the other side went quiet did she ask warily, "Evan, I just saw the company's official statement. What is going on exactly? Why would the company suddenly suspend my activities?"
	"Do you believe the choice was taken on the spur of the moment?" Evan stated coldly and flatly.
	Molly skipped a heartbeat
	But she defended herself until the last end and faked a grin, "Evan, you know how impetuous I can be, but I never have the guts to do horrible things. I'm not sure what I did and the company made this decision."
	Evan smiled. It was more of a mockery as if he was telling her that he knew everything.
	Molly's face became somewhat pale.
	"Molly, I warned you not to covet things that don't belong to you and to act appropriately if you want to stay in this field. But did you listen? No, you didn't, and you pulled some dirty tricks. Not only did you fail to harm anyone, but you also dug your own grave. You asked for it. What's the point of sobbing in front of me now?"
	His statements startled Molly.
	"I didn't, Evan..."
	"You didn’t do what? You didn't ask someone to put the drugs on Laura, or you didn't ask the media to report her scandal?"
	Molly widened her eyes and was astounded.
	Evan's voice grew colder and icier. She could not feel even a bit of warmth in his tone.
	"You called to ask for my help, but you don't have the guts to acknowledge what you've done. What else have you hidden from me? Do you think I'm as stupid as you and will help you even if you don't tell me the truth? There's nothing else I could do now, regardless of whether I'll be able or willing to help. The decision was taken by the board of directors, and if you still have anything to say, you may talk to them directly! I'm busy and have nothing further to say to you, goodbye."
	He hung up right after.
	"Hello, Evan, Evan!"
	Molly did not expect Evan to hang up the phone coldly, without giving her even a chance to speak.
	They had known each other for three years, he had treated her well and had provided her with several opportunities, but she had failed him every time and had yet to deliver a decent work.
	She assumed Evan would tolerate her and would not abandon her easily since, aside from her potential, he had invested a lot of time and effort in her.
	But she was mistaken – he hung up on her!
	How could that be?
	Molly shouted a couple of times over a disconnected phone call, but it was futile.
	She called again, but he did not answer.
	Evan even turned his phone off after a few more calls from Molly.
	It was only now that Molly realized how serious it was.
	She collapsed on the sofa, looking blankly at her empty house as if she had dropped into an unending void.
	She was well aware that she was doomed!
	Today marked the end of her career in the entertainment industry, for which she had fought tirelessly.
	However, after a long while, her self-pity eventually evolved to anger.
	Laura was to blame for everything.
	That scumbag!
	She must have purposefully enraged her that night, causing her to lose control and behaved rashly!
	She was well-known in the field as a fiery-tempered person, and her hot temper earned her a tough image.
	As a result, the people around her would typically avoid getting into an argument with her.
	Yes, that must be it, she thought. Laura was aware of her bad temper and purposefully said something to set it off.
	She purposefully forced her to make mistakes to draw Mr. Nixon’s attention away from her.
	So she could climb to the top.
	That was exactly what happened.
	She rose tall and swept everything on the coffee table to the floor, her eyes full of grudges and vengeance.
	She gazed forward, blankly, "Laura Davies, you scumbag! I'm going to have my revenge!"
	…
	Laura, on the other hand, had no idea she had turned into a thorn in Molly's eyes.
	Although she had finished filming "The Youth", she was still working on "Chase the Wind", so she was still quite busy recently.
	Natalia was about to join the crew, and the filming was scheduled to begin next Wednesday, Vicente said that it would be a wonderful day for the launch.
	Natalia didn't mind the date since Vicente had everything planned ahead of time. She stayed at home reading the scripts because there wasn't much to do at the office.
	Archie had returned from his business trip. He had been preoccupied with work recently but was free for the next few days.
	When he saw she was free, he approached her with a plate of fruit and asked, "When are you going to join the crew?"
	"Hmmm... It should be five days later," Natalia murmured, counting with her fingers.
	"Where's the shooting again?"
	"They said it would be close to the cinematic town."
Chapter 162 Vacation
	Hearing that, he frowned in displeasure.
	"Does it imply you'll be gone for a long time?"
	Natalia grinned as she knew he was correct.
	"It's just going to be a few months, but time flies."
	Archie gave a grim smile.
	“How about Eqitin? You said you'd go back with me.”
	Natalia couldn't say anything. “Emm…”
	Could she claim that she had just forgotten about it?
	His smile vanished in an instant, and she hastily added, "I still have a few days until I start work, and I can go with you right now."
	She took out her phone and instantly looked for flights to demonstrate her sincerity.
	“We can catch the earliest flight tomorrow and still make it.”
	Archie grunted coldly and turned to walk upstairs, ignoring her.
	Sigh, Natalia assumed he was upset, but a few minutes later he walked down the stairs and shoved a stack of vacation information at her.
	“Pick a location. we will go tomorrow.”
	Natalia couldn't think of anything to say.
	“I'm not always free, and don't you want to go on vacation?” Archie said sternly.
	Natalia's eyes twinkled, "Of course I do."
	She quickly started going over the material and deciding where she wanted to go.
	As she looked over the data, she asked if there was any place he wanted to go.
	Archie was fine with everything because he knew she would start working soon and he wouldn't be able to visit her every day as he was busy, so they would be apart for a short time.
	So he wanted to spend as much time as he could with her now that he was free.
	Natalia was fast to choose a location. After all, she had traveled to numerous locations in the last several years.
	She chose a few less popular spots and showed him her choice.
	“These are the locations I wanted to visit when I was alone. They are perfect for this season. You can have a look and choose one.”
	Archie swiped on the tablet, seeing that there were spots with gorgeous landscapes, ideal for a couple on vacation. He chose a spot as he felt warm within.
	“Here! There's a mountain, a river, and it looks lovely near the sea.”
	Natalia went in for a closer look and immediately grinned, "That's my favorite too, all right then, here is where we'll be going."
	“Okay, I'll make arrangements tonight and let you know,” Archie said with a nod.
	The itinerary had been set. Natalia joyfully returned to her room with the tablets after dinner to continue her search for further information.
	Archie, on the other hand, planned their holiday; it would be a three-day, two-night trip, departing tomorrow morning.
	Natalia was pleased with the plan and began preparing for the trip.
	They chose a tiny village by the sea in a neighboring country, and they would be out of Ambario.
	That town was well-known for its stunning scenery, clean air, and pleasant surroundings. Every year, a large number of people went on vacation there.
	Furthermore, it was now spring, which was the ideal season for a trip.
	Despite the temperature difference between day and night, it was still pleasant.
	Natalia had prepared numerous items that they would require on their trip.
	Archie went to the office for some work the next morning before picking her up and driving to the airport.
	She was ecstatic because it was her first trip with him. When they arrived at the airport, she discovered they'd be traveling over on his private jet.
	“I didn't manage to buy airline tickets because we were in a hurry, so this would save us time,” Archie stated as to why they would travel on a private jet.
	Natalia nodded and didn't give it any thought.
	She took a nap after learning that the flight would be three hours long after they boarded.
	Archie, on the other hand, was preoccupied with a business proposal. He was on vacation, but as a corporate decision-maker, he did not have the flexibility to be on vacation.
	Although he was not present at the workplace, he needed to work.
	Natalia was filled with sadness as she thought about this. All of the window shades were closed so she could sleep soundly, and just the reading light on top of him was turned on.
	Archie sat back in his chair, his gaze fixed on the paperwork in front of him. At times, he grimaced, and at others, he signed or circled the paperwork.
	Natalia was captivated by his excellent look. He was constantly surrounded by ladies for a reason,
	; he was charming.
	Even though she was an ordinary lady who was nothing special, he fell in love with her.
	Natalia vowed to work harder to be a lady worthy of standing next to him; she would not humiliate him at any cost.
	There was no one chatting on the plane, so it was silent. She sat in the softly reclining chair, turned to sleep on the side, facing him; and placed her hand on his waist before shutting her eyes.
	Archie was taken aback by the touch on his waist.
	Natalia was lying on her side with her eyes closed and one hand on his waist. It warmed his heart since it was a sign of dependency on him.
	He took her hand in his and kissed her on the cheek, saying, "Sleep tight."
	Natalia promptly fell asleep.
	After three hours.
	Archie woke Natalia as the jet touched down. She rubbed her eyes before following him down the jet.
	Because this trip was organized at the last minute, he didn't bring much with them, and few people knew about it. He did, however, brought Nancy along for safety reasons.
	As they stepped off the plane, their car was there waiting for them.
	He escorted her to the car and headed to the farmhouse Natalia had chosen.
	The little town was given the name Kima, which means "Wonderland" in the native tongue.
	They were both sitting in the car, staring out the windows. There were beautiful scenery and surroundings along the road, including rivers, mountains, and low-rise special-built residences.
	Fruit trees were planted on both sides of the road, filling the air with a fresh aroma. It was such a relaxing spot, with people cycling beneath the trees and laughing along the way.
	Natalia was fascinated with what she saw, and her attention was fixed outside the window.
	As he held her hands, Archie smiled at her.
	After a half-hour drive, they arrived at their destination.
	Although it was not a large and luxurious farmhouse, it was near to the sea and had a serene atmosphere. The design was basic yet attractive, and it appeared to be an ideal location for a holiday.
	Because this was a last-minute excursion, they didn't bring much luggage with them.
Chapter 163 Kima
	Archie was preoccupied with the luggage, as Natalie dashed in with a backpack.
	The instant she stepped into the vegetable-filled yard, she was completely captivated.
	She'd noticed on the internet that they grew their own veggies here, and if they were interested, they could pick and eat them as well.
	They could buy meat and spices from the local market.
	She had been living a lavish life with Archie, and it was nice to experience life as a regular couple every now and again.
	Archie, who was standing behind her, was moved by her happiness. He sped up and carried their belongings into the home.
	“Archie, it's lovely here; hurry in and have a look.”
	Natalia went inside and hurried back out, clutching his arm, to tell him what she saw.
	Archie took a glance about, it was modest but gave the impression of living in solitude, and he nodded to her.
	They carried their belongings into the two-story modest villa with a vintage design.
	Natalia stepped outdoors after walking around the house. She was overjoyed to discover a flower garden.
	“The owner should be someone who enjoys life.”
	She stated this as she dashed down the path to have a better look at the colorful flowers in the garden.
	Archie, on the other hand, walked out with two glasses of water and handed one to her.
	“Our garden at home has more flowers than this one, but you've never claimed I'm someone who enjoys life.”
	Natalia gave him a sidelong glance, saying, "It can't be compared like that."
	“You did not grow those flowers; Mrs. Dottie hired a gardener to take care of them. You will only glance at them when you are in a good mood and will disregard them most of the time. So, it's completely different, okay?”
	Archie realized she was correct and didn't argue.
	“Hungry? Let's go for a walk and get something to eat.”
	“Okay.” Natalia gave a nod.
	Natalia prepared a couple t-shirt to change the way he dressed and let this CEO feel the satisfaction of being a typical couple.
	Archie came out shortly after changing. He appeared more relaxed and cheerful wearing a white casual t-shirt. Natalia wore the same style but in a smaller size. She wore her hair in a bun, and they looked like a great match.
	Archie's eyes sparkled as he looked at her, and they went out hand in hand.
	They decided to have a look and eat anything they wanted along the way. Soon after, they came into a delicate tiny bistro not far from the farmhouse.
	The street was rather quiet because there were few people at this time of day, but the scenery was lovely and the atmosphere was pleasant.
	They walked in and sat down.
	The owners were a couple in their thirties with a six-year-old son.
	They were also from Pala, but moved here after falling in love with the place. They made a living by running a bistro that served traditional cuisine.
	The owner, Hannah Morris was a delightful person who insisted them to just call her Hannah.
	Natalia was overjoyed to meet someone from her own country in a foreign land and quickly grew close to her calling her just Hannah.
	Hannah asked for their order, while Natalia inquired about the greatest items on the menu.
	Hannah introduced them to some of the finest menu and Natalia ordered three dishes after checking with Archie.
	After handing off their order to her husband in the kitchen, she gave them beverages and chatted with them.
	They were the only ones dining in the bistro because it wasn't yet mealtime.
	“We primarily serve our hometown cuisine here; I'm not sure if it matches your preferences, but many people have stated that our meal tastes delicious. If any of the meals you ordered do not suit your tastes, please let me know and I will make the necessary adjustments.” explained Hannah.
	Natalia grinned and said, "You won't be able to earn then. That's okay if it's not tasty, but what if it's too nice and we want more but lie to you so we can get more?”
	“Lady, I'm not simply telling everyone what I told you, but you don't seem to be someone who would take advantage of others,” she waved her hands.
	She paused and raised her brow, "Are you students?" she said. "You seem to be students who skipped class for a vacation.”
	Natalia blushed and shifted her gaze to Archie.
	He was attractive, and there was no indication of aging on his face.
	And he was dressed casually in a white t-shirt and seemed to be enjoying himself because he was with her, so he appeared much younger than his age.
	“We are not students,” Natalia said.
	“Really? This gentleman beside you appears to be young, and you two seem to be a good match; I thought you were students.”
	Natalia thought, she was already twenty-four, and Archie was five years older, nearly thirty, students was ridiculous...
	Archie, on the other hand, was overjoyed to hear what she said, especially when she implied they appeared to be a good match.
	His face changed and he immediately ordered two bottles of drinks. He didn't drink, so he put both in front of Natalia and asked her to save one for later on their walk.
	Natalia asked Hannah, who was pleasant, "Do you know any great spots around here?"
	“There are so many lovely places!” If you go east from here, you will see the Smoking Sea; it is close and offers the finest view.
	“The sea is misty, giving it the appearance of a paradise. If you walk north, you'll notice a mysterious temple on top of the Mount Praia. Make a wish, and it will be granted. Nine out of ten visitors will visit the temple, and many couples like going on dates there as well. If you're interested, you could go tomorrow because it's a little late today. Climbing to the peak takes around half-day."
	"Oh, I heard there'll be a meteor shower here tomorrow, right?" Natalia inquired, her eyes wide with curiosity.
	She looked up tourist attractions and weather forecasts before arriving, and it's been predicted that there would be a meteor shower tomorrow.
	"Meteor shower?" Hannah shook her head and frowned, "I've never heard of that, but you may have a look. Even without the meteor shower, there are plenty of places to visit around the mountain."
	Natalia agreed with a nod.
	The food was served at this point. Hannah excused herself and brought her kid to the back for schoolwork.
	Although it was a tiny bistro, the food was delicious.
	It lacked the glitz and glam of a five-star restaurant, yet it exuded a warm and welcoming atmosphere.
Chapter 164 It Was A Blessing
	After the meal, they said their goodbyes to the couple and walked out.
	They left the bistro at four o'clock in the afternoon. They were advised to walk straight since the night market will begin at five o'clock. They decided to have a look because there was plenty they could see there.
	Archie had never been to a night market before, and he was intrigued.
	When he noticed Natalia's delighted expression, he got even more interested. On their way, they enjoyed the beautiful sceneries.
	When people passed by on a tandem bicycle, Natalia begged to ride one as well.
	As a result, Archie rented one near the highway. As he pushed it out, he realized he didn't know how to ride a bicycle.
	Natalia burst with laughter.
	Who would have thought that the multitalented Mr. McCarthy didn't know how to ride a bicycle.
	Archie was a little irritated. He'd been raised in the most wealthy manner possible; his main method of transport was a chauffeur, and he'd never ridden a bicycle.
	Natalia endured her laughing over his rage.
	She then told him to seat in the backseat and that while she led from the front, he could just follow from the back.
	Archie rode his bicycle unwillingly, but Natalia began riding after telling him, "Let's go."
	They rode their bicycles along the street, letting the air brushed on their faces. He was fully immersed in the aroma of her refreshing shampoo.
	Archie fell in love with this type of soothing environment, and he felt at peace.
	Natalia hadn't ridden a bicycle since she graduated from middle school, yet she managed to ride it successfully. She was overjoyed.
	And started singing the song she used to hum when cycling to school.
	Her humming was slightly off-key since she was riding with someone behind her and needed extra energy. This had a major impact on her singing.
	Regardless, she was born with a good voice, so her humming was acceptable.
	Archie paused for a moment before asking, "What music is that?"
	"Praia By The Sea", have you never heard of it before?"
	Archie was at a loss for words. Her humming was out of tune, yet she expected him to recognize the song?
	Noticing Archi's stillness, Natalia added, "The original name of this song is Poem of Praia, it's a piece performed by a well-known pianist, and it's even won prizes..."
	“I know...” Archie's face clouded.
	Natalia nodded and shrugged, saying, "I forgot you're very good at piano."
	On their bicycle, they soon arrived at the night market described earlier.
	The night market had only just begun, and several stalls were still being set up. Natalia directed Archie to an ice cream store that had gotten positive internet ratings. While they waited for the stalls to open, they ate ice cream.
	The shop played light and pleasant music, and the owner was a Turkish man who entertained customers by doing creative ice-cream skills.
	Natalia finished her ice cream while sitting in the shop, bored. She didn't want to go to the night market right now, so she went to see the owner performed.
	When the owner noticed her arriving, he offered if she wanted to give it a try.
	Natalia hesitated for a while, but eventually accepted the shovel and cone and began creating ice cream with his help.
	When she was learning this, she already knew how to build a flower on a cake with butter, so it was similar to learning the same method but with a different substance. Furthermore, the owner was patient, and she figured it out in quick order.
	Natalia purchased the ice cream she had made and delightedly handed it to Archie, saying, "Here, this is for you."
	Archie raised his brow as he examined the oddly-shaped ice cream in front of him. He accepted it but couldn't help but remark, "This is so awful, did you create this?"
	Natalia nodded and said, "Yes! If you don't like it, return it to me.” She stretched out her hand to take the ice cream.
	But he won't give it back; instead, he ate half of it in one bite, saying, "It's impolite to take back items that have been offered to others."
	Natalia broke out laughing as she observed his whining expression while eating the ice cream.
	So she let him go this time and carried on walking.
	The streetlights were switched on, and the night market had begun.
	As previously said by Hannah, the night market was busy with both visitors and residents.
	Natalia strolled about with Archie, watching here and there while Archie trailed behind like an attendant, frowning all the way.
	Natalia noticed he appeared irritated by the seemingly chaotic and filthy environment, so she left him and dashed to the front.
	Archie was concerned about her safety, so he ignored the filthy surroundings and raced up to follow her.
	“How much does this cost?”
	Natalia was squatting in front of a stall, trying on a silver ring, when Archie noticed her.
	“Two hundred.".
	“Two hundred? It's pricey.”
	“It isn't too pricey. It's made of real silver, it's not silver-plated ring, and the thread wrapped around it was made by hand using temple-blessed thread, ensuring good health and longevity.”
	“Good health and longevity are good,” Natalia said with a smile. "Please give me another one for two hundred, and I'll pay you straight away.”
	“Two hundred? I don’t make a dime at that price!”
	“All right, then, I'll add another twenty, take it or leave it.”
	“Aww, this lady is such a deal hunter, a hundred and twenty apiece, I don't make much...”
	“Come on, let's do this! You are a good person; please sell it to me.” As she said, she withdrew her money from her pocket and presented it to the owner.
	The owner accepted the money and said, "All right then, I'll sell it to you because you're a lovely lady." He then brought out another male ring with the same design and presented it to Natalia.
	Natalia turned around and thanked him as if she had gotten some type of valuable treasure.
	When the owner noticed her speedy spending, he remarked, "Do you want to have a look at these earrings? They are also blessed by the temple.”
	Natalia refused with a shake of her head. “No, the rings are fine,” she responded, believing the earrings were out of date.
	She then approached Archie and placed the ring on his middle finger.
	Archie frowned and tried to remove it right away, but Natalia stopped him.
	“Do not take it off; it has been blessed by the temple to ensure good health and longevity.”
	Archie disliked the seller's sales techniques while also despising Natalia's intelligence. “Are you sure you believe that?”
	“Of course, why not?”
	She strolled to the next stall selling handmade masks, looked at them, and casually stated, "One should believe in nice words even if they aren't real since it's still a sort of blessing, isn't it?"
Chapter 165 Because Of Him
	She then tried on a monkey mask and made a goofy face at Archie.
	Archie felt warm in his heart hearing what she said, and after a while, finally he nodded, "You are correct, it’s good enough to have a blessing."
	Natalia removed her mask and smiled at him. “That's right!” she murmured and squeezed his face.
	Archie came to a halt. Nobody had ever squeezed his cheek before, and he had an odd feeling about it.
	Natalia hadn't noticed that. She then removed the monkey mask and replaced it with a pig mask.
	"Hey, beautiful lady, do I look good?" she turned back and asked Archie.
	Archie could not hold back his laughter and said, "Ugly!"
	"Come, beautiful lady, come back to my farm with me!" she said as she approached Archie in an attempt to catch him.
	"Who are you talking to?" Archie said, softly knocking on her head.
	"Of course, you! Look in the mirror and check whether you have a beautiful face."
	"But I am a man!"
	"There aren't many ladies in the world who are more beautiful than you."
	Archie was at a loss for words.
	He wasn't sure whether he should be delighted or upset at being told he was more good-looking than a woman.
	Natalia removed the mask and gave it to the owner, saying, "I'll take this, how much is it?"
	"Why do you want this?"
	"Just for fun."
	Natalia grinned at him, paid, removed the mask from the bag, and put it back on, clearly having a good time.
	Archie trailed behind her, seeing that she was much more energetic and lively than when she was in Julio.
	He lavished her with jewels, cosmetics, clothes, and purses, all custom-made by world-renowned designers, yet she had never smiled as brilliantly as she did now.
	And she acted as though she had just found some magnificent treasure for purchasing two cheaply produced rings.
	He realized she was far more cute than he had previously believed, and he liked her much more as a result.
	She was happy because of him, not the luxuries.
	They stayed in the night market until Natalia was tired and then returned home.
	Natalia felt cold on her trip home because the temperature in town varied greatly between day and night.
	Archie then took off his jacket and put it around her shoulders. They were hungry, so on the way back, they stopped at the bistro where they had eaten earlier in the day.
	They were ready to enter when they noticed the owners adjusting and cleaning up the chairs and tables.
	"Oh? Are you through with the night market?"
	"Are you closing?" Natalia inquired, feeling a little awkward.
	"Yes, it's almost eleven o'clock now, and we're ready to head home. Would you like anything to eat?"
	Natalia gave a nod.
	"Oh, everything is sold out. We'll have to get some fresh ingredients tomorrow morning. But I got some bread and yogurt this afternoon. You can have them if you want!"
	She went to the refrigerator, pulled out the bread and yogurt, and presented it to them.
	Natalia immediately waved her hand. "It's okay, you're running a business here. How could we take it for free?"
	Archie quickly pulled three notes from his wallet and handed them to her.
	Hannah was irritated by this. "What are you doing? These are just bread and yogurt. We are all from Ambario and we are now in a foreign land. I can certainly afford to treat you this."
	Natalia blushed and felt embarrassed.
	"No, we didn't mean it that way."
	"In any case, take this! There are no stores or restaurants along the way you're taking, so this will be your final chance to get food."
	"Oh, I see," Natalia murmured.
	"Yes, and don't stay out too late at night since the tourist attractions are packed with all sorts of people. The weather will get much colder after midnight and everyone will be heading home, there isn't much outside at that hour anyway, and it's not safe to remain out late."
	Natalia gave a nod. "Thank you."
	"Don't worry about it."
	Archie put back his cash into his wallet.
	Natalia was holding the bread and yogurt when they were sent to the door. She was moved because she felt Hannah was a nice person who took wonderful care of them.
	"There are lovely people everywhere in this world," she murmured on the way home, "And we are blessed to have met a kind couple here."
	"It just took bread and yogurt to reach to your heart?" Archie said softly.
	Natalia gave him a stern look and said, "What do you mean? Is this something to do with bread and yogurt? This is the warm feeling of meeting someone from the home country in a foreign land, do you get it?"
	"Yes, I do. You met someone from your own country in a foreign land and she was gracious enough to give you bread and yogurt. But you've never thanked me for all the bread I’ve given you."
	Natalia couldn't think of anything to say.
	"Because you are such a businessman!" she said after a little pause.
	Archie couldn't hear her and gave out a high-pitched 'hmm'.
	Natalia didn't want to irritate this man, so she softened her tone and added, "Thank you, I am very thankful to you, so grateful."
	Archie smirked. She was praising him, but why did he feel she was not?
	Natalia didn't explain anything to him and just went away without giving him a chance to defend himself.
	After a restful night's sleep.
	Natalia and Archie headed to the nearby food market the next morning after learning about it.
	They chose this little town for a reason, and they wanted to experience the life of ordinary people here.
	As a result, Natalia had insisted they buy ingredients and cook for themselves.
	Although she was not a competent chef, she had seen him cook and was happy to let him take on the culinary duty.
	Archie agreed and accompanied her to the food market after changing his clothes. They arrived at a nearby market.
	Natalia was inept at cooking and sourcing fresh food alike.
	Archie, on the other hand, could tell the difference between fresh and bad food. But he was too proud to bargain, so he chose the ones he liked and paid whatever the owner asked, while ignoring those he didn't want, no matter how cheap.
	His abrupt and non-bargaining purchasing style drew the attention of the ladies around him in the market.
	It was already quite a topic for good-looking couples like them visiting the food market.
	There were usually vacationing couples who would want to visit the food market, but they sure weren't as good-looking as Archie and Natalia. In an instant, they became the talk of the town.
	They finished buying the items for lunch in approximately half an hour.
	"Have you noticed how the ladies are looking at you just now in the market? They were watching you like wolves." On the way back, Natalia teased Archie.
Chapter 166 Growing Old Together
	Archie glimpsed at her coldly.
	Natalia continued with a mischievous smile, “Listen, you have to follow me very closely these few days, or else you’ll get taken away by the wolves. I could protect you if you stay with me.”
	After finished, she laughed. Archie’s muscles tensed up a little.
	He was slightly aggrieved. Who would have thought that the president of the McCarthy Properties would be teased by someone like that one day?
	Yet he could not utter any word.
	He could only flick his finger on her forehead with grievance in the end. “Alright, hurry up and go! We still need to go to Mount Praia.”
	Both of them strode towards the manor.
	Archie was preparing lunch in the kitchen at noon. Natalia took the initiative to lend him a helping hand, washing the vegetables and the plates. They did look like a young married couple.
	After finishing washing the vegetables, Natalia had nothing else to do. She carried a small wooden stool and sat next to the kitchen watching Archie stirring the vegetables in the pan.
	She realized a man with good looks would look handsome even when his hair was disheveled and he was wearing an apron. He had a natural charisma.
	He looked composed and was deft in cooking, as if he was not holding a spatula, but a samurai’s sword.
	The pot did not look like one either. It looked like a protective shield that he could use to defend himself during a war. He was the proud and superior general who commanded the army.
	A smile broke upon her lips. As she was absorbed in her infinite imagination of him colonizing the whole world, she suddenly heard a loud bang.
	Natalia was taken aback by the noise and she leapt from the stool. She saw Archie covering the pot with the lid in a rush. The meat was sizzling with oil inside.
	Natalia glanced at him deeply. She saw him heaving a sigh of relief momentarily.
	Alright!
	She had thought too much. Archie did not cook much either. He was just biting the bullet to mix and cook the ingredients with his powerful common sense and logical thinking.
	He finished cooking. Although the food’s appearance was awful, the food still tasted okay. After having lunch, they packed their luggage and headed out towards Mount Praia.
	It took them one hour to go there from the manor where they stayed by car. They called a taxi nearby and reached the foot of the hill one hour later.
	Lots of tourists from many parts of the world gathered there as expected. Natalia climbed the hill with Archie.
	It was afternoon and the sun was bright. It was not too far away from the sea and the soothing sea breeze blew across the grass.
	It was already four in the afternoon when they climbed halfway up the hill. Archie had been working out all year long and he was okay with it, yet Natalia was so exhausted that she breathed heavily.
	“Could you still make it?” Archie held her and took a water bottle out from his backpack. He handed it to her.
	Natalia took it over and gulped, nodding. “Yeah.”
	She had to climb to the top. She must not give up and let anyone make fun of her.
	She held her breath and tried hard to climb up. Archie followed behind her, firstly, to protect her, and secondly, to avoid letting her see his disdainful eyes.
	“Hey, what’s that over there?”
	Natalia suddenly straightened her back and pointed at a huge tree tied with red ropes not far away.
	Quite many tourists had headed there. Archie stopped and gazed at it, saying, “No idea. Looks like it’s a place for people to meditate.”
	Natalia became intrigued. “Let’s have a look there.”
	They walked there and discovered a small pond.
	A huge banyan tree tied with tons of red wooden signs was situated behind the pond and a young monk aged around twenty was sitting under it. He was wearing a shabby robe, sitting cross-legged while chanting scriptures and meditating.
	Natalia had no idea what that meant and she whispered, “What’s he doing?”
	“Practicing,” Archie replied with a low voice.
	“Practicing?” Natalia looked slightly surprised. Seeing her confusion, Archie continued explaining to her.
	“They are ascetic monks. Many people are Buddhists here Buddhist culture is prosperous, unlike the Mahayana Buddhism we know, the Buddhist culture here promotes Hinayana Buddhism and self-cultivation. There are many monks who have been a monk since childhood. With a devout heart of seeking Buddhism, they’ve walked all over the motherland with their feet. In both the chilly winter and the hot summer, they would never stop and would practice painstakingly, hoping to get rid of this world spiritually as soon as possible.”
	Natalia was startled and light dawned on her.
	She then continued asking, “What about those red wooden signs there?”
	Archie slightly frowned. “No idea. I guess it’s the people here, who want to pray for safety and happiness when they saw a monk there. See the soil beneath him? The surrounding soil is dry, but the place he sits on is a little wet, and it’s sunk quite a lot too. He must have meditated there for several days.”
	“Several days? Didn’t he need to sleep, eat or drink?”
	Archie shook his head. “What I know about these is just trivial. There are still a lot of things I don’t know.”
	Natalia flattered him with a smiling face, “You still know much more than me, you’re awesome.”
	Seeing her flattering look, Archie shook his head with grievance and both of them continued climbing the hill.
	They only reached the hilltop when the sky had gone completely dark.
	Natalia was so exhausted that she did not want to move a finger. Archie held her to eat something at a small restaurant at the hilltop. She only regained some strength when she finished eating.
	“Hi miss, mister. Do you want a love padlock? Do hang a love padlock outside!”
	Just then, an old lady with white hair approached them. A lot of padlocks with various sizes and shapes were hung on her. She tried to sell one to them.
	Natalia asked with curiosity, “Love padlock? What’s that?”
	“As long as you write your name down and hang it on the marriage bridge outside, you’ll get to grow old together and won’t separate with each other ever.”
	Natalia’s eyes gleamed.
	She turned around and asked Archie, “Shall we get one?”
	Archie nodded and Natalia took one from the old lady. She asked, “How much is it?”
	“Twenty dollars.”
	Archie gave her a hundred dollars and signified her not to return the change.
	The old lady was delighted and grateful at once. She gave them an extra small padlock, saying it was a descendant’s padlock. As long as they hung it on the marriage bridge, they would definitely get a lot of children and grandchildren.
	They received the gift with appreciation and after paying the money, they walked towards the marriage bridge mentioned by the old lady.
	After walking a distance of around half a mile, they finally spotted a bridge across a dry waterfall in front of them.
	The bridge had been staying there for some years. A lot of love padlocks with various sizes were hung on it. Natalia dashed there and noticed names and even some romantic words were even written on the padlocks.
	“I didn’t know we could do this, how interesting!”
	Archie pouted a little and walked there, asking, “Where do you want to hang it?”
	Natalia pointed at a spot. “Maybe here! It’s not easy to be found, maybe it’ll stay longer.”
	Archie then took a pen out of his pocket and wrote both of their names down on the padlock.
Chapter 167 Our Children
	Natalia glimpsed at the padlock and seeing his serious and neat writing, her eyelashes trembled a little.
	Archie noticed romantic words were written on other padlocks after finished writing the names. He then asked Natalia for her opinion, “Shall we write something on it?”
	Natalia asked him in return, “What do you think we should write?”
	Archie felt troubled.
	He was not the mushy type and he would only say something heartwarming and sappy when he faced her and was brimmed with emotions.
	Yet he truly could not think of any romantic words when they were in the middle of nowhere.
	Since he had said that, he did not want to give up. After pondering for a while, he took the pen and wrote swiftly on the padlock.
	Natalia approached him to take a look, and the words written on top was – I want to sleep her forever!
	Natalia was speechless.
	‘Are you kidding me, Mister McCarthy?’
	Archie hung the padlock on the bridge with great satisfaction. Natalia still had a descendant’s padlock. Archie snatched it from her and wrote two names on top. He then hung it on the same spot too.
	Natalia asked him, “What did you write?”
	“Names.”
	“Names?” She widened her eyes in a daze. “Whose names?”
	“Our children’s.”
	“…”
	Without thinking further, she thought he meant their future children.
	Archie locked the padlocks, held her hand and turned back. He ignored Natalia when she looked a bit weird.
	They returned to the place that they had had their meals just now and they only knew the meteor shower said by rumors online was true after inquiring.
	The observatory had indeed said there would be a meteor shower tonight, and many people had climbed the hill earlier and set up tents for it.
	It was no longer the first time Natalia had seen a meteor shower with Archie together. He had brought her to see it once not long ago.
	Since they had come, and coincidentally, the meteor shower only appeared today. They did not have any reason not to see it.
	Natalia’s despondence vanished and she ran to the hilltop to see the meteor.
	The meteor still had not showed up, but quite many people had been sitting on the grass. Many of them were couples.
	Some came in families. The atmosphere was warm and peaceful as they gathered together.
	“It would be nice if we have a telescope. We could see better.” Natalia sighed.
	Archie raised his eyebrow and pointed at a stall nearby. “Someone seems to be selling it there.”
	“Oh really? Shall we go there and have a look?”
	Archie nodded and both of them went to the stall. They noticed the telescopes sold were all inferior and outdated.
	The stall owner tried hard to persuade them to purchase one when he saw them. After all, they looked young and wealthy, and had elegant temperament.
	He promised that there would definitely be a meteor shower tonight and the view would be clearer and more beautiful with the telescopes.
	Natalia did not know how to make a decision since she didn’t know about it, so she let Archie choose.
	Archie picked some telescopes and without asking the price, he disassembled them, chose the parts deftly and combined them.
	His movement was quick and smooth and before the stall owner could react, he had already disassembled four telescopes. He instantly panicked.
	“Hey, mister, don’t destroy it if you don’t want to buy it. How could I sell these anymore?”
	Archie was expressionless. “It’s fine if you don’t sell these outdated junk to others.”
	The stall owner became apprehensive and as he wanted to argue with him, Archie had already combined the parts he took off and tried to look through the telescope.
	Although he was dissatisfied with the outcome, that was the best he could do since the parts were limited. At least the telescope looked much better than the ones before.
	He took a stack of cash from his wallet and tossed it to the stall owner. He took the telescope and a soft mat from the stall, holding Natalia’s hand and left.
	They came to a empty place. Archie laid the mat on the ground and both of them sat down.
	Natalia tried looking through the telescope but she could not tell the difference.
	Archie asked her to look through it when the meteor showed up. She would then know its difference with ordinary telescopes.
	Natalia put down the telescope and they sat there, waiting.
	“Hey, I heard that your wish would come true if you make a wish the moment the meteor shows up. What wish do you want to make later?”
	Natalia poked his arm and asked.
	Archie smiled. “I thought your wish won’t be fulfilled if you say it?”
	Natalia pondered and thought it to be true.
	She said with grievance, “Alright!”
	Seeing her looking a little dispirited, Archie worried that she was tired, and he turned his eyes towards his shoulder, signaling her, “Have a rest, I guess we still need to wait for a long time.”
	Natalia had been climbing the hill the whole afternoon and she indeed felt a little tired. She then leaned against him.
	Archie extended his hand and took her into his arm. Both of them cuddled towards each other tightly.
	The night was silent and the air was filled with the sweet fragrance of the grass. Natalia lied in his arm quietly and she felt peaceful as she listened to his powerful heartbeats and rhythmic breathing.
	“Do you feel cold?” she asked.
	Archie said with a low voice, “No.”
	“Tell me if you’re cold. Cover yourself with some clothes, don’t catch a cold.”
	“Alright. I don’t feel cold when I’m hugging you.”
	They cuddled towards each other silently. Natalia moved a little for a more comfortable position. She put her head on his legs. Archie put his hand on her waist and the atmosphere was tranquil.
	“Take a nap if you’re tired,” Archie rumbled when he noticed her tired look.
	Natalia shook her head. “No, I want to stay with you.”
	Archie felt touched and he did not decline her kindness. Natalia whispered, “Let’s talk about something. We won’t feel tired if we talk to each other.”
	Archie pondered. “What do you want to talk about?”
	“Anything.”
	“Then … could you tell me about your childhood?”
	Natalia was startled.
	Her childhood?
	She opened her mouth and wanted to speak, yet her face turned gloomy when she suddenly remembered her deceased mother.
	How should she talk about her childhood?
	No matter how she said, it seemed like she could not avoid that wound in her heart.
	She fell into silence and only replied at length, “I refuse.”
	Archie raised his eyebrow with surprise and looked down.
	He saw her eyes limpid with a mixed expression. She pursed her lips and was looking stubborn.
	His eyes turned profound and he said blandly after a long while, “Is it because you have something embarrassing to talk about?”
	Natalia was startled and her slightly despondent mood instantly transformed into annoyance.
	“You’re the one getting embarrassed!”
	Archie could not help but chuckle.
	“You know, I won’t abandon you just because you did some embarrassing things in your childhood.”
	Natalia looked up and took a glimpse at him. She then looked away. “I still refuse to talk about it.”
	Archie did not intend to force her.
	The mountain wind was cold. He hugged her and as both of them cuddled towards each other, the coldness they felt was greatly minimized.
	Archie played with her locks of hair unintentionally with his fingers and whispered, “Close your eyes if you’re tired, I’ll wake you up when the meteor shows up.”
Chapter 168 I Only Have My Eyes Set On You
	Natalia nodded and closed her eyes.
	They stayed at the hilltop and had waited for a long while.
	The meteor still did not appear.
	Natalia lied on Archie’s lap and she was covered by his coat. She started to feel sleepy.
	The surrounding temperature dropped when the night got darker. Natalia still felt a little cold although she was covered by the coat. She moved closer to Archie in a daze for more warmth.
	Archie looked down and fixed his eyes at her who was in his arms. He caressed her locks of hair with his fingers and looked sympathetic.
	They had no idea how long had passed, and the sky started to turn bright.
	Dawn broke and the first sunlight shone on the tranquil land. Natalia was patted softly and woken up.
	She opened her eyes and the first thing she saw was Archie’s beautiful, chiseled face. His handsome face was shrouded by vague halo and he looked divine.
	She was dumbfounded by the beauty in front of her. She then narrowed her eyes with joy, extended her hand and pinched his cheek. “It feels too wonderful to wake up in such a handsome man’s arms every day.”
	Archie did not stop her and he only spoke after she had done pinching, “The sky’s gone bright. Let’s go.”
	Natalia sat up and looked around. As expected, everyone was packing their things with a disappointed look, preparing to leave. She then scratched her scalp.
	“What about the meteor? Was there any meteor last night?”
	“No.” Archie stood up, extended his hand and held her up. “Maybe the news had made some mistakes.”
	“Aw…”
	A disappointed look flashed across Natalia’s face, she then nearly fell due to the extreme soreness of her legs.
	Archie was quick enough to hold her. He asked, “Have your legs gone numb?”
	“Yeah.” Natalia nodded. She stooped and hit her numb and sour legs.
	Archie’s eyes went somber and he stopped her. After putting on his coat, he took a step forward and squatted before her.
	“Get up.”
	Natalia was startled.
	She hesitated when she saw his broad shoulders. “The mountain road is steep. I can walk on my own. I’ll be fine after resting for a while.”
	“Get, up!” Archie repeated.
	Natalia bit her lower lip and could only climb to his back gently. Archie carried her up and they walked down the hill together.
	The mountain road was winding all the way down, and the dew last night had not dissipated. A layer of mist was lingering among the mountains. They were instantly surrounded by coldness the moment the wet air stimulated their skin as they walked in the mountains.
	Natalia waved the branches that extended from both sides of the mountain road away and asked, “Have you not slept the whole night yesterday?”
	“Yeah.”
	“Then you must be very tired? Why don’t you put me down and I’ll walk on my own? It’ll be fine if we walk slower.”
	Archie did not do what she asked and he continued walking forward. He rumbled, “I’m not tired.”
	Afraid that she did not believe him, he paused and added, “I used to burn midnight oil when I’m busy with work back then, I’ve gone used to it.”
	Seeing how he insisted on carrying her, Natalia did not force him anymore. She lied on his back obediently and allowed the sense of happiness to fill her heart.
	“Archie, if you get old in the future and can’t walk anymore, I could carry you as well. You can go anywhere you want.”
	Archie finally could not hold back his laughter when he heard her innocent words. He said blandly, “Could you possibly carry me?”
	“Of course. I might look tiny, my strength is huge.”
	“Alright, I’ll let you carry me in the future.”
	“Deal.”
	“Sure.”
	Natalia was brimmed with happiness and she felt that it was the happiest thing in the world.
	To continue walking with her loved one until they went old, even without extreme excitements and luxuries, as long as they were both healthy and could stay with each other for the rest of their life, it would be enough.
	They only reached the foot of the hill when it was noon. They were both starving and thirsty.
	There were several local-looking restaurants at the foot of the hill, they randomly picked one and entered.
	After having lunch, they took a taxi for their way back. Natalia did not sleep well last night. She felt exhausted and sleepy the moment she got into the car, and she fell deeply asleep shortly.
	It was already evening when she woke up.
	She got up from bed, rubbed her eyes and realized she had slept straight until sunset.
	The French window of the bedroom was opened. The curtain billowed as the wind blew in. There was a salty smell in the damp air.
	She got down from the bed and walked towards the French window. She saw a huge and spacious balcony outside. On the balcony there were a dining table and two chairs.
	To the East, there was a misty sea of smoke. The fire-like sunset seemed like having ignited half of the sky and the sky was reflected on the sea like a broken red brocade. Standing on the balcony, she stretched out, narrowed her eyes slightly, and breathed the fresh air from the sea. She felt tired and hungry.
	A nice aroma came from downstairs. She smelled and her eyes gleamed. She turned around and ran all the way to the kitchen.
	She found Archie grilling beef steak in the kitchen as expected.
	He was way more skilled when he grilled the beef steak, compared to the time when he cooked the vegetables yesterday. Hearing her footsteps, he did not turn around. “You’re awake?”
	“Yeah.” Natalia approached him to have a look. The steak was almost ready and raw vegetables had been washed. It looked like he was going to make salad.
	“Let me help you!”
	She took the initiative to cut the vegetables for him. After reminding her to be careful with the knife, he allowed her to do so.
	Natalia finished cutting the vegetables and she put the salad sauce on top. The steak’s aroma appeared. She smelled hard and drooled. “What a nice smell.”
	Archie let out a smile and placed the grilled steak on the plate, asking her to take it out.
	With the cool breeze, panoramic view from the terrace and the round table with two beef steak servings and a salad on top, Archie took a bottle of red wine and went outside.
	Their dinner was simple and delicate. They enjoyed their dinner while watching the sunset.
	Natalia had a hard time cutting the beef steak on her plate with fork and knife, yet Archie already finished cutting the steak on his plate and handed it to her.
	She smiled sweetly, squinted and put a piece of steak into her mouth. The taste and the heat were just right. The steak was tender and absolutely delicious.
	She ate while looking at Archie who was sitting opposite to her.
	Seeing his elegant movements, noble posture against the sunset and waves of the blue sea, she just felt like it was the most beautiful picture in the world.
	Archie raised his eyebrow and glimpsed at her. “What’s wrong?”
	Natalia smiled and shook her head. “Nothing, I just think you’re handsome.”
	Her praise cheered him up and he could not help but let out a smile. He said complacently, “Of course.”
	“You’re almost as handsome as Kelvin.”
	“Who’s Kelvin?”
	“He’s the lead singer of a recently debuted band in another country. He’s really handsome.”
	Archie instantly pulled down his face and he knocked her head. “Don’t you have your eyes on other men!”
	Natalia caressed her head with a grin. “It’s a basic respect towards a handsome guy, you know?”
	Archie looked even unhappier.
	Noticing something was not right, Natalia quickly spoke, “But I’ll only have my eyes set on you.”
Chapter 169 Giving Her A Surprise
	Only then did he look happier.
	They finished the dinner in a peaceful and harmonious atmosphere. They only finished after the night crept in and the fire-like twilight disappeared.
	They stayed in the small town for two more days and soon it was time for them to go back.
	On the last day, Natalia didn’t arrange anything.
	Archie went out around the afternoon, saying that he had something to do. Natalia didn’t think much about it. But then, it was almost six in the evening, and he wasn’t back yet.
	She got a bit worried.
	After all, they were in an unfamiliar city and a foreign country. More importantly, she called him many times, but he didn’t pick up his phone.
	Natalia felt more and more nervous and at this moment, her phone rang.
	She quickly picked it up, and the person on the phone was Nancy.
	Nancy sounded urgent on the phone, “Mrs. McCarthy, this is not good. Mr. McCarthy got hurt.”
	“What?”
	“It’s quite serious and I cannot explain it on the phone. Please come over as soon as you can! We are at the east side of the beach.”
	She then hung up.
	Natalia didn’t even get the chance to inquire more about the location.
	Her face blanched as she stared at her phone.
	Archie got hurt?
	What happened?
	He went out saying that he had something to do, and how did he get hurt?
	Nancy wouldn’t be so perturbed if it wasn’t serious. So, Archie had to be quite badly hurt.
	Natalia couldn’t waste any time. She ran out with her phone, not even grabbing her handbag.
	During their call, Nancy only mentioned the east side of the beach and nothing more. Natalia could only run in that direction. She looked around while she ran.
	Luckily, their villa wasn’t too far from the beach.
	After a while, she arrived at the said location.
	But there was nothing on the beach, not even another person. Where was Archie?
	She frowned.
	She tried to call Nancy again.
	Before she could dial the number, there was a loud noise behind her.
	She was startled and turned around. The old wooden boat which was initially there exploded into pieces.
	After that, a small, one-foot-tall silver robot walked towards her.
	Natalia was taken aback, and was dumbfounded.
	She did not know what to do and before she knew it the robot was in front of her. It raised its arms in the air.
	There was a letter in its hands.
	Natalia was shocked at what she saw. She subconsciously grabbed the letter.
	The robot said in a mechanical but nice voice, “Turn left and go straight. He’s waiting for you there.”
	Natalia was confused.
	He? Who?
	Thousands of thoughts crossed her mind, but she didn’t dare to be sure.
	She quickly ripped the letter open. The vigorous and powerful handwriting could only belong to that person.
	“Turn left and go straight.”
	It was short, but she could recognize his writing.
	Natalia already knew what was going on and what he was planning.
	She felt a bit trolled. At the same time, she calmed down and wasn’t worried anymore.
	She started to saunter towards the left of the beach.
	The beach was in a semicircle, surrounding Mount Praia. He probably cleared the area and hence there wasn’t anyone else there. Natalia walked slowly, she was nervous and embarrassed at the same time.
	Not long after, she arrived around the corner of the mountain.
	It was the end of the beach. She couldn’t go forward anymore, otherwise, she would have to enter the sea.
	She looked around but couldn’t find the person she was looking for.
	She took out her phone and wanted to call him. Just at that moment, her phone rang.
	She quickly picked up the call.
	“Look back.”
	The person’s deep and magnetic voice could be heard from the phone. Natalia was taken aback, she quickly turned around.
	A huge ship appeared out of nowhere on the sea. Technically, it was a cruise.
	It was too far away and she couldn’t see it clearly. It was also evening and there were mists around the beach. The cruise was veiled.
	After around 5 minutes, the cruise appeared clearly before her eyes.
	She realized that it was an extremely extravagant cruise. The man stood at the fore of the cruise. He was wearing a white suit and was standing straight. In the evening light, he looked like a midcentury prince. He was alluring and handsome.
	Her heart started to beat fast.
	What was he planning?
	She had a hunch about what he was planning, but she didn’t dare to confirm it. But her heart couldn’t help but beat faster and faster.
	The man walked down the footboard elegantly.
	“What are you doing?”
	She couldn’t help but ask when he walked up to her.
	Archie smiled. He was wearing a suit, he looked calmer and sterner than usual. He gained an extra casual yet noble aura.
	Her face flushed from embarrassment just by looking at him.
	He grabbed her hand and laughed, “Don’t ask. Just follow me.”
	Natalia went with him onto the cruise.
	It was decorated nicely inside. Covered with white veils and red rose petals, it looked very romantic.
	The cruise started its engine when they got on it.
	Archie brought her into a room. A team of world-class stylists were awaiting her.
	The stylists politely bowed and greeted them as they walked in, “Mr. and Mrs. McCarthy.”
	Archie let them do their magic, “Please style her up.”
	“Yes.”
	Natalia was nervous, and she stared at him as she said, “Archie.”
	“Be good, don’t ask any questions yet.”
	He ruffled her hair gently. His large and warm palm made her calm and gave her strength. Natalia pursed her lips. In the end, she chose to believe him and didn’t ask anything.
	The make-up room was large. There was a pink evening gown hanging on the rack on the side. There were chips of diamonds embroidered on the dress, looking exquisite and fancy.
	Natalia sat on the chair and let the stylists do whatever they wanted.
	An odd feeling emerged in her heart as she stared at that pretty gown.
	She didn’t understand what he was planning. Her intuition was telling her that he had prepared her a surprise.
	But what kind of surprise could this be?
	This was their first time going on a trip together. They only wanted to experience the feeling of going on a normal date like a normal couple and weren’t planning to do anything else.
	Not to mention that even though Archie was good at flirting, he was quite conservative at heart.
	He wasn’t the most romantic person.
	She couldn’t believe that he would prepare her a surprise.
	If Archie, who was changing in the other room right now, knew what she was thinking, he would be so sad.
Chapter 170 Decorated All On His Own
	Archie planned and prepared everything today, all on his own.
	The design of the gown, the decoration in the cruise, the rings, the surprise in the evening, he did everything without anyone’s help.
	Even though he was not so good at showing affection, but it would often turn out exceptionally well if he put in some effort.
	Soon, Natalia was done with her make-up.
	The stylists helped her up and helped her change into the gown.
	Natalia just stood there as they put the dress on her. In the end, she couldn't help but ask curiously, “What are you guys doing? Why am I dressed up so formally? I don’t think today is some special day.”
	The stylist smiled at her mysteriously, not planning to tell her the truth.
	“I’m sorry, Mrs. McCarthy. We are not allowed to say anything. Otherwise, Mr. McCarthy will get angry at us.”
	The other stylist also laughed as she said, “Don’t worry, you will find out real soon.”
	Natalia agreed, she would find out soon.
	And they weren’t going to tell her even if she wanted to know. She helplessly brushed off the questions she prepared in her head to extract information from them.
	After changing, she looked in the mirror. She was surprised when she saw the girl in the mirror with delicate make-up.
	The stylist said, “You look very good in this gown. Mr. McCarthy has good taste.”
	Natalia was shocked, she asked, “He chose this?”
	“Yes! It’s made by the top designer Frank. Mr. McCarthy presented him a draft and Frank improved it. He then handmade the gown.”
	Natalia was aghast.
	She remembered that not long ago, Archie was constantly on business trips. Even when he was in Julio, he would stay in the company all the time. Anyway, he had been extremely busy during that period of time.
	When he finally got back, he said to bring her on a trip. How did he manage to find time to design a gown and decorate everything?
	The stylists weren’t going to say anything more and Natalia stopped asking.
	She was done changing and the stylist added a necklace on her. They then guided her out.
	Archie was already waiting outside.
	His eyes sparkled when he saw her.
	Natalia always looked good in all sorts of clothing.
	She was tall and slender, and her skin was fair. The pink gown made her looked tender and lovely, and her cheeks were rosy. She was absolutely charming.
	Archie smiled. He went up and grabbed her hand. He said to the stylists, “Thank you for your hard work!”
	They smiled and waved their hands, “No need to thank us, it’s our job. We will take our leave if there’s nothing else to do.”
	Archie nodded and they left.
	After they left, Natalia couldn’t resist the urge anymore. She looked up and noticed that he changed into another outfit as well.
	He wasn’t in the white suit anymore, but a more formal black suit with a swallow tail.
	Archie was tall and strong to begin with. He looked even more elegant and noble in this outfit.
	She was in awe, and then she asked, “What are you planning all behind me? Also, why are we in such formal outfits? Are we attending some important event today?”
	Archie reached out his hand and tugged a loose strand of hair behind her ears. He smiled, “Yes, there’s an important event that we must attend today.”
	Natalia’s eyes were wide open, “What event?”
	Archie raised the arch of his brow, “You’ll find out soon enough.”
	He held her hand and walked out of the area.
	He grabbed Natalia’s hand and she could only follow him. Archie wasn’t going to tell her anything and she was burning in curiosity.
	As they were walking, she asked eagerly again, “Where are we going?”
	Archie looked down and stared at her. He pointed at his watch, “It’s almost eight, are you hungry?”
	Natalia only then realized that she hadn’t eaten anything!
	It was all his fault for making things so complicated! Originally, she was waiting for him for the dinner in their villa.
	She ran out of the house after hearing that he got hurt. She didn’t care about anything else.
	But when she got here, she was brought into the make-up room. She was forced to stay there for more than two hours and didn’t have the chance to eat.
	Now that he mentioned it, she realized that she was starving.
	Natalia thought about it and eyed him reproachingly, “It’s your fault! Nancy said that you got hurt, but look at you! What happened?”
	Archie looked a bit awkward hearing what she said.
	He rubbed his nose and tried to explain, “I wasn’t hurt. She lied.”
	Natalia scoffed coldly, “How dare you guys lied about something like that. You guys were in this together!”
	Archie was also in dismal as he only told Nancy to help him pass on the message. He didn’t know that she would use such a way to get Natalia over.
	But it was too late to back out, he couldn’t let this slip. He said gently as he smiled, “Sorry, it’s my fault. I shouldn’t let her use such a lie to make you come over. But I felt very happy, seeing how worried you were about me.”
	Natalia was speechless. She glared at him and didn’t press the matter further.
	They arrived at the restaurant. It was an open-air restaurant located on the second floor of the deck of the cruise.
	It was decorated with white veils and there was a long rectangle table in the middle. The table was decorated prettily, there were vases of flowers on it. It was simple yet romantic.
	They sat down and the waitresses walked over, bringing one dish after another.
	The dishes were naturally prepared beforehand. It was delicious and unique.
	Natalia liked prawns. Archie prepared some and put them in front of her.
	He peeled them and put them in her bowl. He said in a low voice, “It’s cold in the night. You should eat something warmer. Don’t eat too many prawns.”
	Natalia nodded. Nothing happened during their meal. Archie peeked at his phone twice, and it seemed like someone was reporting something to him.
	She was done eating by the time he looked at his phone for the third time.
	He cleaned his hands and stood up. He reached out his hand and wanted to hold hers.
	“Alright, let’s go.”
	It was almost ten in the evening.
	It was windy on the cruise and the temperature had gone down.
	Natalia asked, “Are we not going back to the villa?”
	“Not yet.”
	He answered. He then made a call.
	“Bring it over!”
	Natalia looked at him. She didn’t know what he was planning. She had a thick wool jacket on and stood next to him on the deck. She didn’t feel cold.
	After a while, she heard noises coming from the sky.
	She was surprised. She looked up and found a black dot in the night sky.
	She looked at Archie in shock.
	“Where are we going?”
	Archie smiled. He looked at her and said, “Will you trust me?”
	Natalia nodded.
	“Close your eyes.”
	She was dumbfounded. She stared at his gentle and profound eyes and decided to trust him. And so, she closed her eyes.
Chapter 171 Milky Way
	In fact, Natalia was terrified of closing her eyes when she was conscious.
	After all, she had experienced that kind of trauma in her previous life. Subconsciously she just found it hard to have faith in her surroundings.
	It was fine when her eyes were open, but there was no way she could see what was happening around her as she closed her eyes even though she was conscious. The fear which buried deep in her memory would be triggered instantly.
	Therefore, she had actually taken a lot of determination to be willing to close her eyes and commit herself fully to him.
	The man noticed her fingertips were trembling slightly, so he reached out his hands, took her into his arms and asked, “Are you cold?”
	She shook her head.
	She pursed her lips and swallowed, but she couldn’t hold back in the end and asked with a little tremor in her voice, “Will you let go of my hand?”
	“No.”
	His voice was firm, and she felt slightly reassured.
	As long as he was there, she wouldn’t be scared.
	Soon there was a strong wind blowing towards her and the sound of propeller was getting closer. She knew that the plane was landing.
	Then there was a sudden weightlessness, she lost her balance and exclaimed.
	When she recovered her wits, she was being carried by the man.
	She didn’t open her eyes, but her fingers were gripping the man’s sleeve and her face looked a bit pale.
	Archie asked in a low voice, “Are you still scared in this way?”
	She froze as she just realized that the fear she had unconsciously revealed had long been caught in his eyes.
	Her small body was huddling in his arms and her nose was filled with his fresh and calm scent, which soothed her heart.
	Gradually, she didn’t seem so scared anymore.
	She showed a smile and shook her head.
	Only then did he land a kiss on her lips and said softly, “Trust me.”
	“Um.”
	He carried her in her arms and took strides forward.
	She could feel him holding her onto the plane and it was quiet as there was no other sounds except for the whirring of the propellers.
	After they got on the plane, he sat down but he didn’t put her down.
	Instead, he placed her right on his lap and kept holding her in his arms.
	Natalia felt a little embarrassed and wanted to open her eyes, but soon she heard his stern voice when her eyelashes twitched slightly.
	“Don’t move.”
	She immediately didn’t dare to move and open her eyes again, but the curiosity in her mind grew stronger and stronger.
	Where was he taking her?
	No one told her the answer and the plane soon took off.
	She could feel the weightlessness at the moment it took off. However, she didn’t feel scared as she was being held in his arms.
	It was still quiet around, but this time she could hear footsteps passing by occasionally apart from the sound of propellers.
	Soon, the plane became steady and began to fly at even speed.
	She didn’t know exactly where he was taking her, so she could only wait quietly with her eyes closed.
	To be honest, there was some excitement and anticipation in her mind.
	After all, she didn’t know what kind of surprise would await her next.
	After about ten minutes, the plane finally landed.
	Although it didn’t take long, it seemed that a long time had passed as she closed her eyes.
	Her body turned light as the man carried her in his arms and got off the plane.
	She could feel the cold wind at night blowing on her face, but it soon disappeared and was replaced by a warmth that exuded a fresh fragrance.
	What is this place again?
	Her heart was filled with anticipation and curiosity.
	But unfortunately, she couldn’t open her eyes yet without his word.
	Even though she was curious about the surroundings at the moment, she still decided to follow his lead. Otherwise, he would certainly be angry and it wouldn’t be a good deal.
	Archie put her down, then he seemed to walk to the side to do something. He didn’t let go of her hand on the way, but she could feel his feet taking two steps further away.
	Afterwards, his low and magnetic voice was heard.
	“Alright.”
	She immediately opened her eyes.
	There was only darkness before her eyes and nothing peculiar happened. As there were no lights around her, she didn’t even know where she was at this moment.
	Fortunately, there was a pane of glass in front of her and she could see the sparse stars in the sky when looking upwards, giving some brightness.
	However, this faint light couldn’t illuminate much at all, let alone to make her see clearly the surroundings.
	She was slightly disappointed.
	“Where is this …”
	Before she could finish her words, there was a sudden pop sound.
	All the lights around her turned on at once. It wasn’t the blinding kind of lights, but the fine and star-like blue lights that lit up around.
	The lights spread from their feet and went into the distance. She could hardly see an end of it.
	She felt like she was in the middle of the vast sky and the galaxy was under her feet. Although the surroundings were in an endless darkness, there was such a path that was paved with light, leading you and attracting you to move forward.
	Natalia was completely stunned there, staring blankly at everything before her.
	Just then, a warm touch came to her hand.
	As she raised her head, she was attracted by his eyes which were deeper and more radiant than the starlight.
	She trembled slightly as he gripped her hand more tightly and smiled at her, then held her hand to walk forward together,
	It was a path paved by the Milky Way.
	Dots of starlight spread beneath their feet. Apart from that, nothing could be seen in the rest of the place.
	It felt like a floating road. Through the galaxy beneath their feet she could see the shadow of the mountains. The unclear outlines that reflected beneath her feet made her feel even more exhilarated.
	She felt that she was going to be stunned!
	She stared at it with her wide eyes and felt so surprised.
	On the other hand, the man next to her looked much calmer, holding her hand tightly as he led her all the way to the end of the path.
	“Archie, where is this? It’s so beautiful!”
	He curled his lips faintly, “You guess.”
	Natalia thought for a long time with her eyes open, but she still couldn’t figure out where such a beautiful place could be in the town of Kima.
	He smiled and touched her upturned nose, not telling her directly but keeping her in suspense.
	“You’ll find out later.”
	Well …okay!
	It looked like he was planning to carry out this surprise all the way through today.
	She didn’t ask any more questions. Both of them walked for about five or six minutes before the galaxy beneath their feet completely disappeared.
	The surroundings fell into a silent darkness once again.
	Natalia was somewhat nervous and subconsciously grabbed his sleeve.
	He took her into his arms and said in a low voice, “Don’t be afraid.”
	After pausing for a moment, he suddenly said, “Close your eyes first. Open your eyes after I’ve counted to three.”
	She looked up at him curiously. Although there was no lights around, she could still feel his warm and determined gaze.
Chapter 172 Re-Proposal
	She nodded.
	Her eyelashes trembled slightly, and she closed her eyes.
	His magnetic and sexy voice rang in her ears, “One!”
	“Two!”
	“Three!”
	She opened her eyes.
	The surroundings seemed to be brightened all around her, but at the moment she opened her eyes, she didn’t notice the source of light.
	He reminded, “Look beneath your feet.”
	Only then did she look down.
	Her eyes instantly widened in shock, and she covered her mouth in disbelief.
	Beneath her feet, there were the bright lights of the entire Kima town and those dense and colourful lights formed two simple words appropriately!
	“Marry me!”
	She stood there and almost forgot to react for a moment as she was dumbfounded.
	The hand which was holding her suddenly loosened, followed by his magnetic and gentle voice behind her.
	“Natalia, will you marry me?”
	She turned back in a hurry.
	He had already knelt on one knee two steps away from her, holding an exquisite pink diamond ring in his hand and looking at her gently.
	Natalia covered her mouth once again.
	Everything had come so suddenly without any sign.
	Even though she had already known that there would be a surprise tonight, she hadn’t expected it to be this kind of surprise.
	She had a lump in her throat and her eyes became wet. The lights of the town beneath her feet and the galaxy path she had walked past, were enough to show his sincerity and intention.
	For a moment, she felt panicked as she had no idea on what to do.
	Then she heard him repeat again, “Natalia, will you marry me?”
	The rims of her eyes grew red as she felt bitter and sweet in the meantime. She resisted the joy and the urge to pounce on him, saying, “Aren’t we married long ago? What are you doing here?”
	He said seriously, “I know, from a legal point of view, you’re already my wife, but it’s a once-in-a-lifetime matter. How can it just settle down in a perfunctory manner?”
	“Before that, I was just afraid that you would run away, so I hurriedly tried to keep you around. But I’ll definitely make up for what I owe you, so this time it’s a formal proposal. Are you still willing to say yes?”
	Natalia looked at him and she could feel the nervousness beneath his calm voice.
	She couldn’t help but smiled as she was touched and upset at the same time.
	The reason she was touched was that he had been such a proud man and now he was willing to swallow his pride and set all this up with efforts for her sake.
	In order to respect her feelings, he was willing to propose again.
	The reason she was sad was that she seemed to be losing control of her mind.
	She had told herself not to lose her heart as she had already been hurt once and she couldn’t suffer the second time. But why she wanted to try again so badly?
	However, now clearly wasn’t the time to be upset.
	She had wanted to agree to his proposal long ago, but he had kept the whole thing from her for so long and didn’t even tell her anything after they had stayed here for four days.
	He had to be punished for causing her to worry about nothing today, right?
	As she was thinking of this, she rolled her eyes with a cunning look and smiled suddenly.
	“Well …this! I still have to think about it.”
	As soon as she said, it could be clearly felt that his expression changed all of a sudden.
	“What do you need to think?”
	“Of course, I have to think about it. For example, you said that the reason you had married me in haste before was because you wanted to keep me around first. Such a scheming man like you is…”
	Before she could finish her words, she saw him stand up suddenly.
	She just had time to exclaim before the shiny diamond ring had been slipped onto her finger.
	“Hey, what are you doing? I haven’t said yes yet!”
	“You still intend to say no?”
	His face got closer to her, and his tone suddenly turned wicked with some danger.
	Obviously, he was as gentle as a sheep just now, but at this moment, he had already transformed into an evil wolf, as if he would swallow her if she refused again.
	She leaned back and took a step backwards as he exuded a strong aura.
	She hurriedly smiled in an ingratiating manner and said, “No, no.”
	“That’s good.”
	He squinted and his face returned to the gentleness just now, “Then, from today onwards, we’re officially a couple.”
	“Huh?”
	She was dumbfounded and didn’t know what to do for a moment.
	This was how they became a couple?
	Why did she feel something wrong? Wasn’t the proposal ceremony a bit too fast?
	She hadn’t even been touched enough yet. How come it was suddenly over?
	At this moment, inside a luxurious manor in the town, Ariana slapped her thigh when she was watching the man’s domineering look on the screen.
	“My god! I’ve said that it wasn’t a good idea to leave it to him! Won’t he say a few more nice words? What girl would want to follow him if he was being so unreasonable?”
	Beside her, the old Mr. McCarthy who looked slightly pale was quite fond of Archie’s efficient style.
	He retorted quietly beside her, “Didn’t he finally get it done? I don’t know what you’re anxious about.”
	Ariana instantly turned around and glared at him.
	When William was being glared, his expression immediately changed and said, “It’s indeed not good for Archie to do that. I’ll help you teach him a lesson when he comes back!”
	Anne also interjected beside them, “Can daddy really bring mommy back? Why do I feel mommy was angry just now?”
	Ariana hastily carried her up and coaxed, “No, you don’t understand this. You’ll know when you grow up. Mommy wouldn’t be angry, they are fine!”
	Anne nodded in a seemingly understanding way, “Oh.”
	After she calmed Anne down, she turned around and continued to watch the live broadcast with great interest.
	At this time, Natalia, who was still being proposed over there, had no idea that everything had been watched by the elders.
	She looked at the man in front of her and roasted, “So you have prepared so much today just for this?”
	He held her thin waist with his deep eyebrows. The two of them were facing each other and he held her in his arms. The atmosphere was indescribably affectionate.
	“Don’t like it?”
	She thought for a while, “The beginning is fine, but what the hell is it for the latter part? At least I’m a girl and I might be shy once in a while. Can’t you be a bit patient?”
	As she spoke in a soft voice, she lowered her head, her cheeks and ears were slightly flushed.
	The tone was a little spiteful, but more of petulance.
	As he listened to it, he felt his heart melting.
	She still felt that it wasn’t enough and continued to roast, “Look, you have ruined such a romantic atmosphere.”
	Archie curled his lips and smiled.
	He reached out his hand and touched her chin, making her look at him, “Is it spoiled just like this? Is it everything you would ask for?”
	She was stunned as a pair of watery eyes were blinking and looking at her.
	“Do you know where we are now?”
Chapter 173 A Very Clever Trick
	Natalia shook her head.
	Frankly speaking, she really had no idea.
	Although the whole Kima was not considered to be big, it was not small. At that moment, the bright lights of around one hundred thousand houses were in sight. Presumably, they should be at a very high place now.
	At such a high place, they could enjoy a complete night view of the small town. Moreover, they had even built such a huge galaxy of stars. She really could not figure out the location of this place.
	“You can look behind you.”
	After listening to his words, Natalia turned around and looked at the view behind her.
	Seeing the view in front of her, she was instantly surprised and widened her eyes.
	What…What was going on?
	All of a sudden, rose petals that shined in the starlight fluttered down to the ground as if they were blown by wind. This happened in front of her eyes.
	Immediately after that, it seemed that something had started to climb up in her surroundings. It was as if she was inside a house that could move on its own. Shaped like a box, it was an enclosed space that was moving horizontally.
	She almost felt that there was something vibrating gently under her feet.
	The vibration was gentle and stopped after a short time. When the scenes around them disappeared, they were already inside a house that seemed to be made of glass.
	“What…What is going on?”
	Natalia was really amazed.
	Archie held her hand. Then, they walked to the side of the house.
	The house was totally made of glass, except for the top and the bottom. She could see the beautiful night view outside in any part of the house from all angles.
	“Archie, what exactly is going on? Are we in the sky now? How is it possible?”
	Archie gave a little chuckle, “You can say that. It is just a technology that is recently invented. You have actually come here before.”
	“Eh?”
	Natalia looked at him in a confused manner.
	The man reached out and pointed at a place in the distance.
	“Look there.”
	She immediately looked in the direction pointed by him and saw a long bridge under the murky night sky. It seemed that there were many things hanging on the bridge.
	Her eyes lit up at once, “Love padlocks!”
	“Yes.”
	The man nodded, “We are actually on the top of Mount Praia now. This place is higher than where we watched the shooting stars before. This house is built using nanotechnology. Its size can be changed. The reason why you had a feeling of walking on air just now was because this house is extremely transparent.”
	Natalia was just shocked to the core.
	“So, you had someone build this house on top of this mountain before we arrived at this place?”
	The man couldn’t help but laugh, “This isn’t necessary. As I said, its size can be changed so it is very convenient to build the house. When we got off the plane just now, the construction work of the house had also finished.”
	Natalia just couldn’t believe that there was such an amazing thing in this world.
	But the man didn’t have the mood to spend too much time on these things. Holding her hand, he said softly, “Ok. I have already completed my marriage proposal. Shouldn’t you do something to respond to me?”
	“Eh?”
	Her mind went blank again. She gazed at him with a bewildered expression.
	The man slightly narrowed his eyes and pointed at his lips.
	Natalia finally realized what he meant. Her small face instantly reddened.
	Since there were only the two of them here, she thought that nobody would see her kissing him.
	Therefore, she stood on tiptoe and pecked him on the lips.
	Watching everything from the screen, Ariana was immediately very excited when she saw the two of them kissing each other.
	“Old man, do you think they will give us another great-grandchild now that they have been so happy tonight?”
	Although William was also delighted, he was still rational.
	He said slowly at the side, “This is impossible. Doesn’t Natalia have an acting career? Why would she be willing to conceive a child now?”
	Ariana then remembered that Natalia still had an acting career. Her excitement and joy instantly disappeared. His words made her discouraged and disappointed.
	Anne was more optimistic instead. Staring at the screen in front of her, she didn’t even blink.
	After a long time, she then said, “Grandmother, didn’t you say that a couple will have a baby after they have kissed each other? Why won’t Mummy and Daddy give me a little brother tonight after they have already kissed each other?”
	Ariana couldn’t think of a reply.
	William also couldn’t think of a reply.
	After she had waited for a while, Anne didn’t receive any answers. She turned her head and looked at them seriously with a pair of bright big eyes.
	“Grandfather and grandmother, why aren’t you talking?”
	Ariana coughed softly in an awkward manner.
	“Anne, let’s not be in a hurry for a little brother first. It is late now. How about you go to rest early today?”
	Anne shook her head.
	“No. I want to wait for Mummy.”
	“Be a good girl. Mummy will not come back tonight.”
	Anne was puzzled, “Why?”
	Ariana didn’t know how to explain it to Anne. William smiled, “It is because she wants to give Anne a little brother. Be a good girl and sleep early. When you wake up tomorrow morning, you will meet Mummy.”
	Anne didn’t seem to fully understand what William had said, “Really?”
	“Yes, really. I will never lie to you.”
	Finally, the two were successful in putting Anne to sleep.
	Meanwhile, Archie fulfilled his dream of getting a kiss from the woman and was naturally delighted.
	He turned around, took a bottle of red wine and opened it.
	The refreshing aroma of wine filled the entire house. Natalia’s eyes lit up and she asked curiously, “What kind of wine is this? So aromatic!”
	Noticing her greed for alcohol, the man’s gaze deepened. He had a smile on his face.
	He didn’t reply to her question. Instead, he poured a glass of wine and passed it to her, “Do you want to try it?”
	Natalia’s whole face lit up and felt quite embarrassed, “Can I?”
	She loved alcohol, but most of the time, Archie just won’t allow her to drink.
	In the beginning, she wasn’t pleased with it. However, since the man insisted, she didn’t mind as well.
	Looking at her expression, Archie knew that she was carefully pleasing him. He couldn’t help but smile, “I allow you to drink a glass of wine today.”
	“Yes!”
	She was instantly overjoyed. Since the wine was so aromatic, it definitely had a nice taste.
	While thinking about it, she immediately took the glass of wine and took a mouthful of it.
	Just after the wine had entered her throat, the aroma of the wine lingered in her mouth. A sweet aroma that had a hint of bitterness permeated her entire mouth. Her eyes couldn’t help but light up.
	She had another mouthful of wine straight away. Compared to the bitterness in her first taste, there was a stronger sweet aroma. She felt that she was drinking a beverage and it tasted great.
	Especially when the effects of alcohol finally came to her, she felt as if what she had drunk was not wine but some unworldly potions. The aftertaste of the wine left a long-lasting impression on her.
	Natalia couldn’t help but turn her head to look at Archie. Her clear eyes sparkled.
	“What kind of wine is this? Why does it taste so great?”
	The man’s gaze became even deeper, “Even if it tastes great, you are only allowed to drink one glass of it.”
	As she didn’t get the answer she wanted, Natalia curled her lip unhappily. However, she didn’t dare to say anything. She was afraid that he would not let her drink even a glass of it if she talked too much.
Chapter 174 She Was Drunk
	She held the glass and took one sip after another. Archie also poured himself a glass of wine. Holding her hand, he sat on the sofa.
	It was getting more and more quiet at night on top of the mountain. In the transparent glass house, they snuggled up on the sofa while casually drinking some wine.
	In the sky, there were twinkling stars; at the foot of the mountain, there were lights of the houses. Their hearts felt warm as they looked at the view.
	Natalia thought that she could hold her liquor, so she drank the wine without any worries. But unexpectedly, she already felt quite dizzy before she could finish a glass of wine.
	In a daze, she leaned on Archie’s body and asked, “Archie, why am I feeling so dizzy already?”
	Archie lowered his gaze and gave her a sidelong glance,
	He had specially brought this premium royal wine here from the wine cellar in the Middleton family. It had great flavor, but it was also strong.
	This was the reason why he would only allow her to drink a glass of it.
	Even if she just took one glass of it, the girl had now had red cheeks and a drowsy and dazed look on her face. Looking at her, he instantly knew that she was already drunk.
	He placed the glass of wine on the table beside him, “I will carry you to the bathroom to take a bath.”
	When he finished talking, he had already carried her up in his arms.
	Natalia was in a daze. Although she was not completely sober, she still had a clear memory.
	“Take a bath? Aren’t we on top of the mountain?”
	The man didn’t reply to her. Soon, he brought her to the bathroom.
	Although the bathroom was not considered to be big, it was not small. There was a huge bathtub in the middle of the room. Light from the glimmering water was reflected on the surrounding walls. The atmosphere in the room was dreamy.
	After filling the bathtub with water, Archie placed her in the bathtub.
	“Are you going to take a bath alone, or do you want me to help you?”
	After she was soaked in warm water, Natalia shuddered and became more sober.
	When she realized her situation, her face instantly reddened. She crossed her arms across her chest and kept on shaking her head.
	“I…I will take a bath alone.”
	Archie smiled. He didn’t insist on his ideas, but turned around and exited the room.
	Time passed slowly.
	She didn’t come out of the room even though Archie had waited outside for a long time.
	He took a sip of wine and looked at the time.
	Forty minutes had already passed.
	Although a temporary water heating system was set up on the top of mountain, the weather was quite chilly. Since it was for temporary use only, hot water could not be delivered to the top of the mountain continuously.
	It had been forty minutes, and the water should have been cold.
	He couldn’t help but frown slightly. Although there was an indoor air heating system, it was still cold at night due to big temperature difference between day and night. Considering the cold temperature, he got up, walked to the door of the bathroom and knocked on the door.
	“Natalia, have you finished taking a bath?”
	Unexpectedly, nobody responded to his question.
	The man frowned even deeply. He tried to pull the door open, but he noticed that it was locked from the inside.
	This young woman! Wasn’t she too vigilant?
	Archie found the whole situation quite hilarious. There were only the two of them at this place. If he wanted to force himself on her, could a mere lock stop him?
	He shook his head helplessly. He could only return and find a key to unlock the door.
	“Natalia! Have you finished your bath? I am coming in!”
	There was still no response to his question.
	He then realized that something was amiss and hurriedly opened the door.
	The mist had already dispersed in the bathroom. He saw the girl sitting in the bathtub with her eyes closed. She leaned on the bathtub motionless and seemed to be in deep sleep.
	He was instantly at a loss for words. He quickly walked towards her and dipped his hand in the water to test the water temperature.
	Just as he expected, the water was already cold.
	He instantly had an unhappy expression on his face.
	When he turned around, there was a steamy scene in front of his eyes.
	…
	Natalia was carried out of the bathtub.
	She made a cute sound unconsciously, snuggled up in his arms and murmured, “Cold.”
	At that moment, Archie looked extremely awful.
	Doing his best to suppress his anger and lust, he wiped the girl’s body, carried her out of the bathroom and threw her on the bed.
	Due to his anger, his movements became quite rough. Natalia was finally awake with her blurry eyes open. In a daze, she gazed at him.
	“Archie, what is wrong with you?”
	The man looked at her with a gloomy expression. His dark eyes were glinting with strong desire.
	She then realized that something was amiss. Why was her chest cold? Her feet were also cold.
	She lowered her gaze and looked at her body.
	She instantly felt shocked and widened her eyes. “Ah!” she screamed. She then hid under a blanket.
	“Ah! Why am I… not wearing clothes?”
	The man laughed coldly, “What do you think?”
	“I…”
	She then remembered that she had fallen asleep while taking a bath in the bathtub.
	Did he carry her out of the bathtub?
	Then, didn’t he see everything?
	Imagining the scene, her small face immediately reddened with embarrassment. She hid her whole body under the blanket, and only the hair on top of her head was seen.
	“I want to get dressed. You…You can go out first!”
	But this time, it seemed that the man had decided to defy her.
	While unbuttoning his shirt, he laughed coldly in a very rude manner, “It’s late at night. Are you going to let me stand outside and wait for you to wear your clothes? The temperature outside is below freezing.”
	Eh…
	Natalia’s mind went blank. Was it that cold outside?
	Although the temperature in Kima was around twenty degrees during the daytime, the temperature outside would indeed drop below freezing late at night. The temperature difference was very big.
	Just when her mind went blank, she felt that there was a weight on her body. The man had already pounced on her.
	“Ah! What are you…doing?”
	She was immediately frightened and was more desperate to hide herself under the blanket. While trying to hide herself under the blanket, she shouted, “Don’t come close to me! I am not wearing any clothes!”
	Her petite body snuggled down under the blanket. She desperately wrapped herself in the blanket. It was as if she was in a cocoon.
	Archie only found the scene hilarious.
	After removing layers of the blanket for a long time, he found her head.
	At that moment, the girl’s hair was already disheveled. Her small face was flushed and resembled an appetizing ripe apple. Her watery eyes made her look pitiful.
	Suppressing his pity for her, he laughed coldly, “Now, do you know that you should be scared? Why didn’t you think about this when you were taking a bath just now?”
	Natalia knew that she was in the wrong, but she still felt wronged.
	“I…I didn’t do it on purpose! Can you turn around first? I will call you when I have finished wearing my clothes.”
	“Ha! Which part of your body have I not seen?”
	Natalia didn’t reply to his question.
	His words literally struck a chord.
	She also didn’t know that she would fall asleep in the bathtub. It was all because of that glass of wine.
	Oh, wait a minute. The wine was not at fault! It was the man. He definitely did it on purpose!
	After she had thought about this, she puffed out her cheeks and gazed at him with her clear eyes. She didn’t know that she looked more coquettish than angry now.
	She had no idea that there was a huge impact on the man when the woman who he loved was being so coquettish in front of his eyes, especially in such an ambiguous environment.
	Archie’s gaze became even deeper.
	His eyes had a glint of green and resembled the eyes of a wolf. Looking at his eyes, Natalia had an irregular heartbeat.
	After doing her best to hide herself under the blanket, she said while stammering, “Why are you … looking at me?”
Chapter 175 A Little Strange
	Archie narrowed his eyes and looked dangerous.
	“Honey, do you think we should do something lovey-doney?”
	“What, what do you mean? Something lovey-doney?”
	“You really don’t know?
	“I, I don’t know…”
	“Then, I’ll tell you now.”
	“Ah, Archie…!”
	…
	The next day, Natalia woke up with a sore back.
	Last night, Archie was just like a crazy bull and refused to stop making love with her no matter how long she begged him for mercy.
	She regretted it so much!
	If she had known, she wouldn’t have agreed to come here with him last night. They had come all the way to the mountains!
	But there was something good still. The next morning, Archie took the initiative to carry her down the mountain because her legs were too sore and weak to go down the mountain normally.
	During the daytime, the temperature was not as cold as it was at night. The air was humid at the beach, and they could smell the scent of salty seawater.
	Natalia was lying on Archie’s back. She felt sick because she could not sleep well last night.
	When Archie saw her like this, he smiled, “Don’t sleep first. It’s cold on the mountain. Later you might catch a cold.”
	“Oh,” Natalia said lifelessly.
	After they reached the foot of the mountain, Archie put her down and the two of them slowly walked back along the beach.
	Natalia was busy packing up her things as soon as she entered the house because she had booked a flight back to Julio that afternoon. She just needed to wait until afternoon before she could leave there.
	Archie saw her busy packing up her things all the time and finally couldn’t stand it. He took her hand and dragged her onto the sofa.
	“Rest for a while. I’ll take you out for lunch at noon.”
	Natalia frowned.
	“Didn’t you say that our flight will depart at two? If we don’t pack things up in advance, later we may be late.”
	“We won’t be late. If we really don’t have enough time to pack things up, we can ask Nancy to help us.”
	Archie said and took a jacket and put it on for Natalia without waiting for her to agree. Then, he held her hand as he walked outside.
	“Where are we going?”
	“You’ll know when we reach there.”
	There was a high-end restaurant not far from the villa. It was the only high-end restaurant in the town.
	The two of them had intentionally avoided this restaurant in the previous days. After all, they had come here to experience the life of the local. If they still did what they did in Julio. It would be meaningless for them to travel here.
	But today, Archie brought her into the restaurant directly.
	Just as she entered the restaurant, she heard someone shouting joyfully, “Mummy!”
	Natalia was stunned.
	The next second, she saw a little girl who was wearing a pink shirt running towards her quickly.
	Natalia was startled.
	“Mummy, I miss you so much!”
	Anne hugged Natalia. She rubbed her head against Natalia’s leg happily and displayed a look like she was reluctant to leave Natalia.
	Natalia’s eyes widened and he looked surprised.
	“Anne? Why are you here?”
	An old lady came out somewhat sheepishly from not far away.
	“Ahem, Natalia. Nice to see you again.”
	“Ariana? Are you having lunch here too?”
	Natalia was a little confused as the old lady smiled dryly and nodded, “Yes, I brought Anne out for a holiday. It just so happened that we run into you here. It’s quite a coincidence!”
	Natalia was speechless.
	She turned around to look at Archie, only to see that Archie was ignoring her. He wasn’t looking at her as if he didn’t see what was happening in front of him.
	Natalia couldn’t help but frown.
	Why did she feel a little strange?
	Wasn’t this too coincidental?
	It made sense when they had run into each other twice before in Julio. But this time, they had come to such a remote town, and they still met each other.
	But she didn’t show her suspiciousness. In the end, she still politely greeted the old lady.
	“It’s quite a coincidence. Are you guys eating here too?
	“Yes, yes! Uh…” Ariana’s eyes rolled, and she suddenly smiled, “You haven’t eaten yet, right? Why don’t you join us? It is a golden chance for me to thank you for helping us out earlier.”
	Natalia hurriedly said, “You’re welcome. It’s my pleasure to help you.”
	“It’s fine. There are not many kind-hearted girls like you nowadays. You are not only pretty but also considerate. Everyone likes you. Am I right, Mr. McCarthy?”
	Archie looked like he was unhappy.
	Natalia thought that he was not happy to join them for lunch. She secretly tugged at his sleeve, signaling him not to be like that.
	Archie displayed a serious look. But in the end, he still gave a light hum and pulled Natalia into his arms.
	“I don’t need you to tell me how good my wife is.”
	Ariana didn’t know what to say for a moment.
	Natalia glared at him. She secretly lowered her voice while grinding her teeth, “Can you be more polite when talking to elders?”
	Archie didn’t say anything.
	Ariana hastily mediated the dispute with a smile.
	“Never mind. It’s normal that young people get annoyed easily! I can understand!”
	Hearing Ariana’s words, Natalia secretly glared at Archie for a moment.
	Archie felt uneasy hearing her words.
	As Mrs. McCarthy was inviting them enthusiastically, Natalia could only follow her into the private room. She saw another old man inside the private room.
	Instead of being hale and hearty like Ariana, the old man looked a bit weak. His face was pale and he was sitting in a wheelchair. It was kind of obvious that his health was not good.
	Ariana introduced the old man to Natalia and Archie, “This is my husband. William McCarthy.”
	Natalia was stunned.
	“He’s also a McCarthy?”
	Ariana’s smile froze for a moment. She quickly smiled again, “Oh…Yes. What a coincidence.”
	Natalia nodded, “Well, it’s quite a coincidence.”
	She secretly turned around to glance at Archie, only to see his angry face. He was frowning and didn’t even look at her side. He also looked depressed.
	She realized what was going on and let out a light laugh.
	She turned around and looked at the old man, greeting him politely, “Nice to meet you, Mr. McCarthy.”
	“You too, Natalia. Sit down first. You’ve been busy all night. You’re hungry already, right? Hurry up and eat more. You’re too thin.”
	Archie’s body froze for a moment.
	Meanwhile, Natalia was very friendly. She smiled faintly and nodded her head, “Thanks for your concern, Mr. McCarthy.”
	The old Mrs. McCarthy immediately pinched her husband on his belly. William didn’t realize what was going on and looked at her in confusion, “What’s wrong? Why are you pinching me?”
	Ariana was speechless.
	For a moment, she smiled awkwardly.
	“Nothing, heh! Let’s eat. Come on, this is delicious!”
	The food had been served on the dining table. Since the area was located by the sea, the main food was seafood.
	Ariana had been treated Natalia warmly all the time. Natalia also didn’t think of her as an outsider. Soon, the food was finished in a harmonious atmosphere.
	After having the meal, Ariana kept asking Natalia to bring them to go and see the place where they stayed.
	Natalia looked at the time and thought that it was still early for them to leave for the flight, so she didn’t refuse and took the three of them to the villa where they were staying. Meanwhile, Anne kept staying by her side as if she was reluctant to leave Natalia.
	Natalia liked Anne very much and she felt that she had an odd affinity with Anne. She carried her around the garden behind the villa and taught her how to string several flower garlands.
Chapter 176 Mr. McCarthy, A Spoiled Child?
	The old Mrs. McCarthy came to take Anne away when they had to go out.
	When she noticed Anne was reluctant to leave, Natalia also didn’t want her to go.
	Unexpectedly, Anne suddenly grabbed the corner of Natalia’s clothes, blinked her bright eyes and said, "Mommy, I heard from great-grandma that you and daddy will have a little brother for me soon. Is that true?"
	Natalia was surprised.
	The old Mrs. McCarthy stiffened when she heard this.
	Even Archie, who was standing next to them, stopped what he was doing and looked at Anne in astonishment.
	Time seemed to have stopped at that moment!
	Anne was a little confused. After a few seconds, she realized that she had spilled the beans!
	She screamed and covered her mouth with her chubby little hands.
	She blinked her watery eyes and looked at Natalia pitifully.
	“Ooo... Mommy, Anne didn’t do it intentionally!”
	“Anne didn't mean to lie to you. Anne just wanted to stay with you!”
	“Great-grandma said that as long as you have a little brother, you won't leave daddy and will be with Anne forever!”
	“Ooo... Anne was wrong!”
	Natalia turned to look at Archie.
	It was a very complicated expression on the man's handsome face, and the corners of his mouth twitched slightly. He just wanted to disappear to escape from such an embarrassing situation.
	On the other side, the old Mrs. McCarthy finally came to her senses and smiled awkwardly.
	"What... What should I say?"
	The old Mrs. McCarthy was too embarrassed to explain. She had gone through so many ups and downs, but she still didn’t know how to deal with such a situation.
	Natalia suddenly burst into laughter.
	"No wonder Anne and I met so often! I liked this little girl at the first sight. She kept calling me Mommy. It turns out that we are really a family. My sense is quite accurate."
	Everyone was stunned.
	Natalia didn't mention that they deliberately concealed their identity, nor did she say anything else to blame them, nor did she get angry.
	Instead, she said this in a casual tone, trying to defuse the embarrassment.
	She, she was so...
	She was so considerate!
	The old Mrs. McCarthy was so moved. Tears appeared in her eyes. She stepped forward and held Natalia's hand, sobbing, "Natalia, I'm sorry. I..."
	"I understand." Natalia smiled and patted the old lady’s hand gently to comfort her.
	"Parents always cared so much about their kids. You just wanted to see what kind of woman your grandson has married. It's just your love for your grandson. Although the method is not good, your intention is always good. I can understand it."
	The old Mrs. McCarthy was so moved that she couldn't help crying.
	"I know that you are always the most considerate."
	Natalia smiled and said nothing.
	She looked at Anne and squatted down.
	Anne covered her face with her hands. She thought she had done something wrong, so she looked remorseful.
	Natalia was amused. She reached out and removed Anne’s chubby little hand from Anne’s face. Then she smiled and said, "Don't hide such a cute face. It will be ugly if there is a fingerprint on it!"
	Anne looked at her carefully and asked, "Mommy, aren't you angry?"
	Natalia shook her head. "No."
	"But Anne lied. Anne is bad!"
	"Good girl, I’m not angry, as long as Anne won't do that again."
	"Really? Do you mean you can forgive me as long as I don’t do it again?"
	"Yes, really."
	Natalia nodded seriously. Anne was thrilled, put her hand down and threw herself into Natalia’s arms.
	"Ooo... Mommy, Anne misses you so much. Anne finally has a mommy."
	Holding Anne’s soft body in her arms, Natalia felt her heart melting.
	And the discomfort seemed to have disappeared a lot.
	She smiled, patted Anne’s back gently and said lovingly, "Well, Anne will have a mommy in the future. Mommy will love you."
	Anne was overjoyed.
	But the time could not be delayed any longer. Archie looked at his watch and said, "We're going to the airport. You can stay here for two more days and go back early."
	After a pause, he added, "I'll take Natalia back to Eqitin to see you later."
	Of course, Anne didn't want to part with Natalia, but she was very obedient. When they arrived at the airport, she said goodbye to her mommy reluctantly.
	Before leaving, Natalia kissed Anne's forehead and gave her a small jade pendant that she had brought with her since she was a child. It was an amulet. She heard that Anne was not in good health, so she hoped that this jade pendant could bring Anne some good luck.
	After saying goodbye, they boarded the plane.
	It would still take 2.5 hours to fly back. As soon as they got on the plane, Natalia sat in her seat and closed her eyes. It seemed that she didn't want to talk to Archie.
	There was no longer a smile on her face. It was obvious that she was angry.
	Archie looked at her uneasily, feeling remorseful, but he also knew that it was his fault.
	The old Mrs. McCarthy came here with Anne to see Natalia. He should have stopped them. He shouldn't have let them do that. Now Natalia finally got angry with him.
	The plane took off. The cabin was quiet, and no one was making any noise. Even if there were some conversations, the passengers’ voices were very low, and it was almost inaudible under the sound of airflow.
	Archie didn't know whether she was asleep. He felt wronged in such a situation, but he didn't dare to say or ask anything.
	At last, he took off his coat and put it on her in case she might catch a cold.
	However, as soon as he put the clothes on her body, the woman waved her hand and threw it away.
	Oh, it seemed that she was awake.
	Archie became more nervous and asked in a low voice, "Are you angry?"
	Natalia snorted and didn't answer him.
	Archie had to explain with the grievance, "I wanted to tell you, but I was afraid that I would embarrass Grandma if I did so. Besides, I thought it would be better if she could explain it to you later. I didn't expect that Anne would say it out by herself today. Natalia, I didn't mean it."
	Natalia finally opened her eyes and looked at him with a sneer.
	"So, is this the reason why you hide it from me?"
	Archie immediately turned serious and said in a low voice, "No."
	"Then what are you explaining here?"
	"I..."
	He didn't know what to say.
	As the president of such a big group, he had never begged anyone in his life, so he didn't know what to say when he wanted to beg.
	At last, he was annoyed and said solemnly, "Sorry, it’s my mistake!"
	Natalia smiled coldly.
	"I know. I shouldn't have helped grandma hide it from you. I really knew my mistake!"
	"Huh!"
	"Natalia, forgive me!"
	Natalia turned her face away and ignored him.
	Archie took a look at her, stretched out his fingers, carefully pinched the corner of her clothes and gently shook it.
	"Honey!"
	Hiss!
	Archie was now like a demon acting like spoiled child!
	Natalia almost got goosebumps. She turned around, glared at him and gritted her teeth. "Get your hands away!"
Chapter 177 She Got Angry
	Definitely Archie wouldn’t let her go.
	He knew that this matter had really annoyed the women. If he couldn’t deal with it carefully, it might affect the relationship between them.
	So he kept a low profile and fawned on her, "Honey, I really know my mistake. This is the first time that I made such a mistake, so please forgive me once!"
	Natalia gave a fake smile.
	Archie felt wronged.
	After a while, seeing that he still didn’t let her go, Natalia had to say, "I don't care if they lied to me. I can understand that the old Mrs. McCarthy and Anne want to know what kind of person I am, so they made a plan to test me. I don't even mind that she took advantage of my kindness to trample on my dignity, but!"
	She took a deep breath, looked at Archie seriously and said in a deep voice, "You’re not allowed to do this! Because you were the one who wanted to get married, and you said you wanted to be with me. But you not only didn't stop her, but also helped her hide it from me. I don't know what it means, but I can't accept it!"
	"I forgive her because she is your grandmother. I also respect her, but she doesn’t mean a lot to me, because we have no deep relationship if not for you."
	"So I don't care what she thinks of me, but you are different! I thought you should know me well and wouldn't do such a ridiculous thing since we have been together for so long. But it turns out that I was also wrong!"
	"Do people like you just have such a habit to look down upon people from a high position, and think that no matter what you do to them, they will accept?"
	"Just because of the sense of superiority given by your ability and status, you habitually ignore the feelings of others. Therefore, your suspicions are very important, and the dignity of others is cheap and can be discarded casually?"
	After Natalia finished her words, there was a dead silence.
	Although she lowered her voice, it still startled the people behind. Though the air sounds blurred her voice, her tone still showed there was an argument.
	A stewardess came over and asked respectfully, "Miss, what can I do for you?"
	While speaking, she looked at Archie vigilantly, who was sitting next to Natalia.
	Archie felt helpless.
	Natalia also realized that she had bothered others. In order to avoid misunderstanding, she shook her head in a hurry.
	"No, I'm sorry. We're a couple. We just had a quarrel and I'm sorry to bother you."
	The stewardess got clear of the situation. She nodded and smiled.
	"Okay, please let me know if you need me."
	Natalia nodded and thanked her. The people around saw nothing happen, so they no longer pay attention to the two. The atmosphere calmed down soon.
	Archie didn't say anything.
	His face was gloomy and tense. Natalia thought that her angry words had annoyed him. When she saw that his hand holding her sleeve had been loosened, she felt angrier. It was him who was wrong, so did he really want her to forget the matter that had really happened?
	So she turned around angrily and ignored him.
	If he wanted to be angry, just go ahead! She wouldn’t care.
	But when she thought of this, she felt a little wronged.
	Natalia closed her eyes, trying to ignore the strange grievance and sadness in her heart.
	The two didn't talk to each other until the plane landed.
	After getting off the plane, Natalia got into the car directly, followed by Archie in silence. The driver sensed that there was something wrong with them, so he cautiously asked, "Mr. McCarthy, should we go back to McCarthy Mansion?"
	Archie nodded.
	As soon as they returned to the McCarthy Mansion, Natalia went straight into her room. Apparently, she didn't want to talk to Archie.
	Mrs. Dottie knew that they would come back today, so she was happy and waited for them. But she was stunned when Natalia kept a long face and entered the room without saying a word.
	Her heart skipped a beat when she looked at Archie who came in behind Natalia and found that he also didn't look well.
	Did the young couple have a quarrel?
	What was going on?
	Didn’t they go out for a trip? They should be delighted when they came back!
	Mrs. Dottie asked worriedly, "Sir, are you ... okay?"
	Archie shook his head, paused, and said, "Go and get something for me."
	Archie told Mrs. Dottie what he needed. The more things he said, the wider Mrs. Dottie's eyes grew.
	At last, she went to prepare what Archie needed with a strange look at Archie.
	Archie turned around and went to the bedroom upstairs.
	However, when he wanted to open the door, out of his expectation, the door was locked.
	His face darkened when he had realized the seriousness of this matter.
	After a long while, he called Natalia helplessly, "Honey, can you open the door?"
	No one answered him.
	He sighed again, "Honey, I was wrong. You can beat me and scold me, but don't be so indifferent to me, okay?"
	Natalia still didn't say anything.
	Archie had no choice but to leave after thinking for a while.
	In the bedroom.
	Sitting in front of the window, Natalia was still angry.
	She had made up her mind not to talk to this man today, so she didn't open the door no matter how much effort he made outside.
	But after a while, the sound outside stopped, and there was even the sound of footsteps going far.
	As Natalia heard of this, her anger grew fiercely.
	What a j*rk! Bast*rd!
	He lied to her, fooled her, and hid everything from her!
	Now, he didn't even apologize sincerely!
	She was really pissed off!
	Natalia became angrier. The more she thought of this, the more furious she got. What kind of person did they think she was?
	It was not her who wanted to get married with Archie. Why did they suspect and test her so much?
	The old Mrs. McCarthy didn't trust her. It didn't matter. After all, they didn't know each other before.
	But Archie also didn’t stop them and even hid this from her, which was the real reason for her anger!
	Natalia sat there for a long time. The more she thought about it, the more annoyed she felt. The feeling of grievance in her heart was like the sea that would never stop running, which made her even more depressed.
	Just then, a silver light flashed outside the window.
	Natalia was stunned. Then she saw a hand stretching out from the side and knocking on the window.
	What the hell?
	She put down her arms and put her hands on the windowsill. When she was about to look out, she saw a small blackboard being slowly lifted up from below.
	There were a few pink words written on the small blackboard.
	"Honey, I was wrong!"
	Besides the words, there was a picture of a man kneeling on the ground and begging.
	Natalia almost burst into laughter when she saw that.
	However, she immediately held back her smile and looked outside with a cold face.
	Then, as expected, Archie stood up from the window with a flattering smile. He carefully put down the small blackboard, raised a durian in his left hand, and waved the keyboard in front of her with his right hand.
Chapter 178 Begging
	The window used double soundproof glass. The weather was just turning warm from cold, so the window was not opened to keep the warm temperature in the room.
	Archie's voice was blocked by the glass, and it became blurred when it got into Natalia’s ears. She could only vaguely know his meaning from the shape of his mouth. He asked her to make a choice.
	Let him kneel on the keyboard or the durian.
	He would do whatever Natalia asked!
	He really knew that he was wrong!
	Natalia looked at the man who had always been proud and reserved. At this moment, he was like a child who had made a mistake, waiting for her answer nervously.
	Somehow, she had a mixed feeling. She couldn't tell what kind of emotion it was. It was complicated and hard to say, but she was indeed moved.
	The complicated feeling spread from her heart to her eyes. She raised her head and blinked, trying to hold her tears back.
	But it didn't work. Tears fell uncontrollably.
	Perhaps she was really aggrieved. It did not matter whether Archie meant the same as she thought. It undoubtedly hurt her sensitive dignity, so her tears naturally rolled out from her eyes.
	Archie panicked when she cried.
	She should be moved, instead of crying!
	Looking at the woman's sad face, he was flustered and brokenhearted.
	However, the door was locked, and he couldn't get in. The window was locked from the inside and couldn't be opened.
	He could ask Mrs. Dottie to open the door with the key, but Archie was afraid that Natalia would be angrier if he did so.
	Without any idea, Archie gritted his teeth and wrote down a line of words on the board.
	"Honey, don't cry. I can use both, okay?"
	Natalia was amused.
	She couldn’t help giggling.
	Seeing her smile, Archie felt a little relieved and hurriedly begged for mercy.
	Natalia couldn’t be merciless. After a short while, Natalia opened the window.
	"Well, now you know you are wrong. You should do this earlier."
	Archie breathed a sigh of relief. With one hand on the windowsill, he turned in from the balcony.
	Natalia was startled and took a step back subconsciously. The next second, she was held into the man's arms.
	"I'm sorry. I really know I was wrong. I won't hide anything from you anymore. Forgive me, okay?"
	His tone was sincere, and his gaze was dominant. His big hand on her waist tightly held her in his arms. Natalia struggled several times but failed to break free.
	Her anger appeared a little again.
	"Let me go first!"
	"No, I won't. You will run away as soon as I let you go."
	Natalia was speechless.
	The man’s logic was weird.
	It was late at night. Where could she go?
	Archie lowered his head and observed her expressions. He said in a soft voice, "Grandpa is in poor health, so Grandma has taken care of me too much since childhood. I don't want to disobey her. But I know what kind of person she is. She doesn't mean to harm anyone. She just has a little selfishness for her grandson. I know it's my fault. I didn't tell you about their identity in time.”
	“But my love for you is true. Natalia, do you trust me?"
	Natalia raised her head to look at him. Looking into his sincere eyes, she finally gave in.
	After a while, she said in a low voice, "Then... From now on... You can’t do it again."
	Archie's eyes turned bright.
	He quickly promised and raised one hand, "I swear."
	Natalia nodded. At this time, Mrs. Dottie was asking them to have dinner outside. Only then did the two realize that it was time for dinner.
	After a long day's journey, they all felt hungry, and they went downstairs together.
	The second day.
	Natalia officially entered the crew. Vicente held a grand launch party with all the crew members. The shooting of The Strategies for Cannon Fodder was officially started.
	Judging from the name of this play, it seemed to be a comedy.
	But in fact, it was a serious thriller with many funny stories.
	The heroine Callie was killed in her previous life. After she was reborn, she went to the imperial palace again. Step by step, she finally found the real murderer and saved the country from danger.
	The hero played by Mac was the emperor of this country.
	As for the part played by Jessica, she was the emperor's favorite concubine, a vicious woman who had conspired with the murderer to murder the heroine in Callie’s previous life.
	The relationship between them was very simple, and the plot was not complicated. After all, it was an age of entertainment. Under the struggle of power and all kinds of schemes, there was also a lot of funny and humorous elements.
	On the first day of the shooting, many entertainment media came under the arrangement of Nathan.
	After all, although he didn't expect the series to be really something, he still had to his job.
	As the leading actress, naturally Natalia stood in the middle.
	Although the director was standing in the center of the crew, her place was the closest to the director.
	In fact, the reporters were not that interested in today's interview.
	After all, the director and actors were all rookies. There was no reason for them to be interested.
	They just came here for Nathan and thought that it might be useful to come here, in case that the series really got hot in the future.
	Therefore, the whole interview was perfunctory.
	Vicente knew that people in the entertainment circle were snobbish, but he didn't care about it. Although he was unhappy, he didn't say anything.
	After half an hour, according to the schedule, the interview came to an end.
	However, the reporters present did not leave.
	They glanced in a direction intentionally or unintentionally.
	During the whole interview, Jessica, the only famous actress in this series, didn't show up.
	Her excuse to Vicente was that there was a traffic jam on the road, so she couldn't arrive on time.
	Vicente didn't say anything because it was not a big deal and he couldn’t let such a small case annoy everyone, though he was a little dissatisfied.
	But the reporters were different. Since they came here today, they couldn't return without getting any useful information.
	The rest of the crew didn't have any topics to talk about, but with Jessica's fame, coupled with the scandal a few days ago, if they could dig out something, it would be better today.
	Therefore, even if the interview was over, they still waited there.
	About half an hour later, a black van gradually came over.
	Someone recognized that it was Jessica's car and the crowd immediately swarmed over.
	"Miss Dawson, you're finally here. Today's launch party was scheduled at half past ten. As one of the major members of the cast, why are you late?"
	"Miss Dawson, I heard that there are all new actors in this play. Do you have something to say since you also act in this series?"
	"As a popular actress who has attended more than a dozen shows, you play a supporting role in a web series. What made you or your team make this decision?"
	"Is it because of the previous scandals and you don’t have many other options now, so you can only be a supporting role here?"
	"You haven't given a response to the previous scandals. Can you give a response today?"
	“Miss Dawson…”
	Surrounded by so many people, Jessica walked inside slowly like a real famous star.
	She wore a pinkish dress and kept a decent smile from the beginning.
	Her agent and security guards surrounded her and separated her from the reporters and the audience. They protected her and went forward. Then she stopped in front of the red wall which she should sign her name on.
Chapter 179 Perfect Speaking
	Those reporters also followed her there.
	"Miss Dawson, you haven't answered our questions. Are you feeling guilty?"
	"I heard that you and your sister don't get along well, but the two of you are going to star in the same series this time. Is this the arrangement of the company or your own will?"
	"As a popular actress who has been in the entertainment industry for five years, you have always been playing the heroines. But this time, you’re going to be a supporting role. What do you think of this matter?"
	The reporters bombarded Jessica with sharp questions.
	The smile on Jessica's face froze for a moment, but soon she calmed down.
	She smiled and said, "You asked so many questions at once. Which one should I answer first?"
	The crowd became silent. Everyone looked at each other. Before they could do anything, they heard her gentle and calm voice again.
	"First of all, I must apologize to you for what happened a few days ago. But it was a private matter of my family, so it's not appropriate to reveal everything to the public. Please forgive me."
	As she spoke, countless cameras were aimed at her face, and the flashlight kept ringing.
	People around were very quiet, and no one spoke. Everyone was staring at her with full attention.
	Seeing this, Natalia sneered in a low voice.
	Jessica continued, "It's hard to say what is wrong and what is ring when it comes to family affairs, so I can't say anything more about my family. As for why I star in this play, I think a qualified actress should choose the script, not the role. I disagree with the opinion that I should always play the heroine.”
	“I think, as an actress, when choosing a role, I only need to consider whether I like the role or the script. As for other things, it is the team and the audience's business.”
	“Besides, I don't think it will make me feel wronged to play the supporting role in this play, because I like the role and the script. Besides, the actress playing the heroine of this play is my sister, so I also want to star in this play.”
	“Maybe because of the previous rumors, you misunderstood the relationship between me and my sister, but in fact, things between family members are not complicated. We know about each other, and only we know.”
	“I don't think we need to explain anything to the outsider or admit anything. The relationship between us to grow up together from childhood to adulthood cannot be completely erased by one or two small conflicts.”
	“Therefore, since my sister wants to be an actress, as her sister, I should naturally support her with all my strength. I believe that if any of you should face the same situation as I do, you will make the same choice.”
	“As for my silence to this question, I always think that only we know exactly about our feelings. No matter how much I explain, those who don't want to believe are still unwilling to believe, and those who trust me would have never doubted from the beginning.”
	“Well, I won't say anything else. I hope you can pay more attention to our works! At the same time, please look forward to the first cooperation between my sister and me. I believe that we can definitely make a different chemical reaction. Thank you!"
	Jessica’s tone was gentle and soft, and her response was generous and decent! What perfect public speaking!
	The journalists holding microphones and cameras were all stunned. They had never expected that they would receive such a response in the end.
	However, no matter what kind of response it was, as long as it was answered, it would be a hot topic for the day.
	As a result, they kept shooting. Some of the cameras were even shifted to Natalia, who had been standing behind the director in a low profile. The flashlight was so dazzling that it almost dazzled Natalia's eyes.
	Vicente frowned.
	He called someone and gave him an order. After a short while, the fellow went out and announced that the interview was over, and the actors and actresses were going to work on the film set.
	So the reporters had to leave.
	When the set quieted down, Vicente asked the fellows to take the actors and actresses to their rooms first. After they settled down, they would have dinner together in the evening and officially shoot the first scene tomorrow morning.
	It was a three-star hotel with a mediocre environment. It was not a good place near the bustling cinema park.
	However, the budget of the crew was limited, so this was the only good place they could book at present. Fortunately, for convenience, they had booked two floors of the hotel, so they could be quite safe there.
	Natalia was playing the heroine, so her room wasn't too bad.
	She didn't have an assistant by her side, and Nancy had something to deal with these two days. Nancy would arrive after a few days, so Natalia had to do everything by herself.
	She put her things in the room first and then sent a message to Archie, telling him that she was fine. After that, she went out with her bag.
	When she went out, it was already half past five in the afternoon.
	The dinner was scheduled at six in a restaurant near the cinema park.
	As soon as Natalia pressed the button of the elevator, a voice came from behind, "Natalia."
	She turned around and saw Mac running towards her with a smile.
	The young man was dressed in a casual white shirt today, and his hair was neat and tidy. He looked handsome and energetic.
	Natalia had a good impression of him. She smiled and asked, "To the restaurant?"
	"Well, it's almost time. It's better to go there early. I can’t let the director and others wait for me."
	He said and scratched his head in embarrassment.
	Natalia smiled and said, "I didn't expect you to be so considerate!"
	Mac was two years younger than her and had a lovely personality. Subconsciously, she took him as her brother.
	She reminded him carefully, "But the director won’t care about much in these aspects. He will be stricter when he is filming."
	Talking about this, Mac also nodded.
	"I've heard that he was so strict to his actors and actresses who shot the music videos with him before. To be honest, I'm really worried about this. I haven't starred in any movie, and I don't have much experience. I don't know if I can make him satisfied."
	Natalia encouraged him, "It doesn't matter. As long as you try your best, I believe that you can make it. Besides, you can’t be any worse than I am. You studied this in your college, but I'm really a layman. I'm not afraid, so you also have no need to be afraid of it."
	Mac was amused by her and felt much relieved.
	"You are right. But you don't have to worry too much. If anything happens, I will help you. Both of us should cheer up and we will definitely make it."
	Natalia nodded with a smile.
	When the two were talking, the elevator door opened.
	Mac blocked the door for her like a gentleman. He didn't come in until Natalia entered.
	Just as the elevator door was about to close, there was a sudden scream from outside.
	"Wait!"
	Then, a young girl with a childlike face blocked the closing door.
	Maybe she had run over so she was out of breath. She smiled at Natalia and Mac, "Sorry. Wait a minute. There's someone else behind me."
	Mac nodded friendly and considerately pressed the open button for her.
	Natalia, however, raised her eyebrows with interest.
Chapter 180 Something Stinky
	Natalia knew this girl.
	The girl was one of Jessica's assistants, whose name seemed to be Rosa.
	The little girl was about seventeen or eighteen years old. She usually followed Jessica obediently and looked ordinary.
	The reason why Natalia noticed her was that she had seen Jessica beat and scold the girl when she went to the set to visit her actress.
	The girl might have accidentally spilled the water on Jessica’s clothes when she was serving the water, so Jessica slapped her in public.
	The little girl was aggrieved. She held back her tears and covered her face, not daring to say a word.
	At that time, Natalia felt a little sorry for her, but after all, it was not her business. She was not so kind and didn't want to deal with others’ business, so she hadn’t said anything.
	But because of this matter, she had an impression of the little girl.
	Natalia didn't say anything but nodded slightly to Rosa. Rosa knew the relationship between her and Jessica, so Rosa looked a little embarrassed.
	But when she saw that Natalia was gentle and didn't mean to make things hard for her, she secretly breathed a sigh of relief.
	About half a minute later, Jessica came over slowly.
	When she saw the two people in the elevator, she was stunned and slightly surprised. Then she smiled gently.
	"Natalia, it's you. Are you also going to the restaurant?"
	Natalia glanced at her and didn't answer.
	Obviously, she didn't want to talk to Jessica.
	Mac didn't know what was going on between the two of them, so he didn't dare to ask more. In a hurry, he greeted Jessica in a respectful tone since Jessica was his senior.
	Jessica nodded at him. The two entered the elevator. Rosa stood behind Jessica. It was silence in the small elevator.
	The film crew reserved the twelfth and thirteenth floors of the hotel. The elevator stopped two times, and not long after, they arrived at the hall.
	Perhaps Mac felt the atmosphere was awkward. When they got to the first floor, he happened to meet two actors in the crew waiting for someone in the hall. Mac greeted them and went with them. He also didn’t want to go with Natalia and Jessica.
	In this way, except for Rosa who followed Jessica silently and had no sense of existence, only Natalia and Jessica were walking together.
	The restaurant was not far from the hotel, about seven hundred or eight hundred meters away, and it only took about ten minutes to walk there.
	Natalia walked unhurriedly. Jessica glanced at her and suddenly said, "Natalia, do you know why those people only interviewed me this afternoon instead of you?"
	Natalia still didn't say anything, and Jessica sneered sarcastically.
	"Because everyone knows that although you are the lead of this series, the real heroine is me. What can you do even if you got the role from my hands?”
	“Those people will still treat you as a worthless newcomer. Only for my sake will they be interested in you and make some topics for you.”
	“Otherwise, even if you are the lead, you are just an unknown actress, who is no different from those useless extras."
	Natalia stopped.
	She looked at Jessica with a faint smile.
	"Oh, really?"
	"Of course, the truth is clear, isn't it?"
	Natalia smiled.
	Slowly, with a kind of cold ridicule, she spoke.
	"Long time ago, I heard that some people in the world just have the instinct to chase something stinky. I have found the fly that likes to chase stinky things annoying, but surprisingly, the stinky things that the fly is chasing are even so proud of being chased. How interesting!”
	Jessica was stunned. When she realized what Natalia meant, she got furious.
	"You!"
	"By the way, it’s nothing to get something, but if you can't keep it, you’ll be laughed at by everyone!”
	“I hope you can cherish and protect what you have now, because these things will not belong to you soon!”
	“At that time, I hope you can still be as proud as you are today."
	"What do you mean?"
	"You know what I mean. Jessica, to play the heroine in this series is just the beginning. From now on, I will take back everything that doesn't belong to you! Just get ready for the coming storm!"
	“Natalia! How dare you..."
	“Huh!"
	Natalia sneered, as if she was mocking Jessica for being over-confident. Then she turned around and strode outside.
	Jessica was furious there. Her face turned livid. She stared at Natalia's back, but she couldn't say a word.
	She clenched her fists. After a long time, she took a deep breath, suppressed her anger and followed Natalia out.
	The dinner went well that night. Vicente hadn’t got a good opportunity for so many years. This time, he finally got the investment and set up his own team. Naturally, he was very happy.
	Since he was happy, he couldn't help drinking much. As the leading actress, Natalia also drank a lot.
	She was good at drinking. She got drunk when she drank with Archie last time just because the wine brought by Archie was different.
	So even if she had drunk half a bottle today, she was not drunk in the slightest.
	Vicente, different from Natalia, was not good at drinking. The banquet was not over yet, his face already turned red, and he was obviously drunk.
	Natalia went out to the restroom and happened to meet him on her way back.
	Now that he was drunk, Vicente did not look as cold and sharp as usual. Instead, he looked much more approachable with a big smile on his face.
	Natalia chatted with him as they walked towards the box.
	"Congratulations, Mr. Langes. If we can finish the movie well, your wish will be fulfilled."
	Vicente nodded and said with a smile, "Thank you. If I hadn't met you, I wouldn't have made up my mind to start shooting so soon."
	Raising her eyebrows slightly, Natalia said with a smile on her delicate face, "To be honest, I'm surprised that you would choose me. I'm a rookie and I have never starred in any show. This series is so important to you. Aren't you afraid that I will ruin your reputation?"
	Unexpectedly, Vicente pulled a long face and shook his head seriously.
	"That's impossible. I believe in my judgment. You are born for acting. I won’t make a mistake."
	Natalia was slightly stunned.
	It was the second time that she had heard the same thing. The first one who said this was Nathan.
	After a while, she stopped staring at Vicente, lowered her head and smiled.
	"I'm flattered, Mr. Langes."
	"No, it’s true. I said it honestly."
	While Vicente was speaking, he suddenly stumbled and fell forward.
	Natalia was startled and quickly pulled him back.
	At the same time, Vicente held the wall with one hand to prevent himself from falling down.
	He smiled awkwardly, "I’m so happy. I drank too much. Sorry, please don’t laugh at me."
	Natalia breathed a sigh of relief, withdrew her hand and shook her head with a smile.
	"It’s nothing, but you still have work to do tomorrow. You'd better take care of yourself."
	Vicente nodded. The two of them didn't say anything and walked towards the box together.
Chapter 181 Put On A Show
	But just at that moment, a silver light flashed in the shadows.
	The camera clicked away for several times and soon after that someone dialed the phone.
	“I got it. I’m sending it to you now. Better keep your promise.”
	...
	Since they were shooting tomorrow, the dinner didn’t go on too late and ended before nine.
	Later, everyone went back to their rooms to have a rest.
	The second Natalia stepped into her room, she got a call from Elsa.
	She left all the affairs of Star Entertainment to Elsa to because she couldn’t be around lately.
	After all, the company didn’t have many artists currently. If something happened to them, Laura definitely would call her. As for the others, who had just started their careers, Elsa was experienced enough to handle them herself.
	Natalia was quite surprised at the call, thinking what might go wrong in the company. As soon as she answered, Elsa spoke briskly, “Natalia, check out the social media, you’ve become a trending topic.”
	Natalia froze.
	“What’s happening?”
	“I’m not sure. I saw that a minute ago, something happened on the set. Just look for yourself.”
	Natalia said OK and did what Elsa told her to do, only to find the hashtag #JessicaNataliaPeaceAtLast was trending.
	She clicked into that topic and a video came up.
	It was a clip of Jessica’s interview at the launch party today.
	At that moment, she was standing aside and did not say a word. Plus, they were both standing in front of the red signature wall and from the camera’s perspective they seemed pretty close.
	Only by watching this misleading video, it was easy to think that these two had broken the ice and even made up.
	Natalia sneered.
	“Is that what you really want, Jessica? Use me to whitewash yourself?”
	Natalia was silent for a long time. Elsa didn’t know if she had seen that and asked anxiously, “Natalia, what’s going on? Before filming, you told me to inform you immediately if there is any news about Jessica. But now the first one is about you two together... Did you really reconcile?”
	“No,” said Natalia, indifferently.
	“So this video...”
	“She was just putting on a show in front of those reporters.”
	While talking, she logged out of the social media and then took off her coat.
	“Let this topic keep trending. Leave it alone.”
	“What?” Elsa was kind of shocked, “but she’s clearly using you to shake off her bad reputation. Are you really gonna ignore that?”
	“Of course not,” Natalia grinned, “I have my plan. What goes around comes around. Relax! Don’t worry about that.”
	Only then did Elsa feel slightly relieved.
	“Alright then, it’s getting late. Have some rest.”
	“Ok.”
	Natalia hung up and talked to Archie on the phone for a while. Then she went to bed.
	As for Jessica, she was in a good mood looking through the trending topics.
	She turned to Julia, who was sitting on a couch next to her, and said,” I told you that bitch Natalia is no match for me. See, I used her and she can do nothing about it.”
	Julia had seen that topic and she kept nodding.
	“You’ve done pretty well on that move. Now your new series has just begun filming. Once that news gets out, everyone will think that you two have reconciled. And Natalia will have to consider Vicente and the harmony of the whole crew. There is no possibility that she will ever make a public denial because that will certainly have a bad influence on the crew’s reputation. Therefore, no matter how angry she is, she has to remain silent.”
	Jessica smiled grimly, “It’s just the beginning! Julia, just wait and see. There will come a day when she will finally realize who is the loser!”
	Julia did not answer. Her eyes glinted and after a while she suddenly asked, “I haven’t seen Shawn lately. What’s wrong?”
	When she heard this, her face change at once. She pounded the table bitterly and said, “Don’t even mention it. I have no idea what is on his mind recently and he has been obsessed with fencing. He is either working or locking himself in his fencing room. I can barely see him these days, not to mention he coming to see me.”
	Hearing that, Julia frowned, “How come? I thought he weren’t interested in that sort of things before.”
	Jessica rolled her eyes, “Who knows?”
	Julia hesitated a little and said, “Have you thought he probably...”
	Jessica saw the look on her face and instantly knew what she meant.
	The expression on her face changed subtly. Then she shook her head and answered, “I don’t think so. Though I can’t be with him right now, I have bribed some of the people that work for him. I’ve never heard that he contacts with anyone. And even though we are not as close as we were before, I’m pretty sure he still has feelings for me.”
	Julia was relieved to hear that, “Good. At this point, the relationship of you two must not go wrong or else you’ll be doomed. So long as you are the future Mrs. Miller, you’ll always have a solid support no matter what situation you’re in.”
	Jessica nodded. She rolled her eyes and sneered, “Solid support? There may be more support than the Miller family soon.”
	Julia paused for a moment because she didn’t quite understand her.
	But apparently, she didn't want to explain to her and started finding excuses to chase her away thinking it was late already.
	“Never mind. It’s late now and I need some sleep. You too should go back and have some rest.”
	Julia finally got out of the room since she felt there was nothing more for her to say.
	On the next day, the shooting officially began.
	Natalia was on the set very early because she and Mac had a scene to shoot in the morning.
	The makeup, hairstyle and clothing took them two hours.
	The shooting actually began at half past nine
	Although it was the first time for Natalia to try acting, she had known how it worked from her experience with her own artists in the past years.
	So, she was not that nervous. But Mac had never taken part in a period drama so the way he delivered his lines was stiff, which led to a few NGs on the scene.
	Vicente was not a man of good temper. After several NGs, he started swearing.
	Mac felt extremely embarrassed and Natalia gave him a little pep talk in a whisper, “Come on! You can nail it! Deliver the lines in your head first. We can start after you get them right.”
	Mac gave her a grateful look and did a much better job during the next takes.
	When Jessica arrived, she saw Mac was playing opposite Natalia. After the hero and heroine met for the first time, Natalia was about to slap Mac in his face. Then Mac should grab her hands and they rolled on the ground.
Chapter 182 Cold Shoulder
	The plot was not so difficult to follow. It’s just hard for Natalia to hit Mac for real in the beginning.
	Vicente had high expectation for acting so cheating was absolutely not on the table. But if she slapped him too hard, she would leave a mark on his face which would affect the shooting afterwards.
	Thus, Vicente told them to step aside and let the assistant director show them how to slap seemingly hard but actually not.
	Jessica watched for a while and walked over to Vicente. She smiled and said, "Mr. Langes, is everything going well?"
	Vicente was sitting on a stool. Hearing that, he looked up briefly. He gave a light yea indifferently and Jessica couldn’t tell whether he was pleased or not.
	He didn’t pay much attention to the scandal, but after all, things got so serious that he also heard about it a little.
	Therefore, Jessica didn’t make a good impression on him. But he always focused on the matters, not the people concerned, so he did not intend to give her a hard time.
	The reason why he agreed to let her play the supporting role was because he truly thought she was suitable for that role.
	Her eyes were vicious enough. Normal people couldn’t tell that the viciousness had come from the bottom of her heart, but he could.
	Jessica didn’t know what he was thinking. She thought that her fame and influence were the only reasons why she was chosen.
	At worst, it was the director’s approval for her acting.
	So even if Vicente gave her the cold shoulder, she still told Rosa to grab a chair for her to sit next to him.
	"Actually, it's such a shame that my sister and I haven't seen each other much these years, even though we're sisters. I didn't even know she wanted to be an actress," she said resignedly with a sign, “"But I always believe that whatever path you choose to take, you should earn your opportunities by fair means. I really didn't expect my sister to be so impatient. I've already made a promise to help her, and she's still hyping up herself like that."
	Vicente frowned, feeling that the more he listened, the less he actually understood.
	But he didn't bother to give a second thought. On the set, all he cared about was directing and he couldn’t be bothered to pay attention to anything else.
	So, even as she looked at him expectantly, he stood up and called out to the assistant director who was speaking to Natalia and Mac: "Are you guys ready? Let’s do it all over again!"
	The assistant director replied, "They’re ready."
	“Then here we go! Get set.”
	Natalia and Mac hurriedly returned to their spots. With the shout of “action”, Natalia smacked Mac hard in the face.
	Mac was slapped so hard that his head tilted. He gazed at her in disbelief.
	“You have the guts to hit me? Do you know who I am?”
	Natalia snapped, her hands on her waist, "I don't give a crap about who you are! Even if you were God, you can't play rascal... Ahhh!"
	Mac didn't wait for her to finish and grabbed her hands behind her back. Natalia naturally refused to go down without a fight so she stamped hard on Mac’s foot and turned around when he let go of her hand due to the pain. However, during all this time, neither of them realized that they were standing on a slope. As a result, these two rolled down the slope as they were holding tight to each other.
	Vicente fixed his eyes on the screen until this scene ended. He said, "Yes, that's it! Get ready for the next scene!"
	On the other side, Natalia and Mac got up in a relief.
	Jessica was sitting next to him the whole time and Vicente just completely ignored her. She bit her lip and felt a burning sense of shame on her face.
	She thought Vicente was just a newbie. She hadn’t made it to the A-list but she was better than those in the B-list. Even though her reputation was not as good as before, she still had great commercial value. Every director would treat her nicely.
	So why did Vicente give her that look?
	Jessica was furious but she had to hold back her feelings on the set.
	She gnashed her teeth for a long time before she finally stood up and left angrily.
	After that, Vicente finally took a look on her back. He frowned heavily and saw that chair she sat on before. He said, as if he felt disgusted, “Remove the chair. It’s blocking my way.”
	Vicente didn’t sit down until the crew staff came over and took that chair away.
	Natalia has been filming all morning.
	At 12 o’clock, it was finally time for lunch and a good rest and she was already exhausted.
	She was drinking a bottle of water the crew staff gave her when she saw Vicente walking towards her.
	She said instantly, "Mr. Langes."
	Vicente nodded and said, “You’ll be free for the first two hours of the afternoon. Take a break and prepare for your scene with Jessica at four o 'clock. Get ready in advance."
	Natalia replied. "Okay, I got it."
	Then Vicente left.
	After lunch, Natalia went back to her room to relax.
	As soon as she laid down, Elsa called.
	Subconsciously, she felt sure that something bad was going on.
	Just like she expected, when she answered the call, Elsa said anxiously, "Natalia, something’s wrong. You’ve become a trending topic again."
	Natalia laughed, "What’s wrong with that? That means I'm going viral!"
	"It's not a good thing, Natalia, hurry!"
	Even though she still had the energy to make a joke about it, she was actually a little nervous. She quickly opened Twitter and took a look.
	This time, the hashtag was #NataliaDirector.
	She clicked in and saw several pictures.
	In the dimly lit hallway, Vicente leaned against the wall with his head lowered slightly as she laid her hand on his shoulder. From this angle, it looks like she was throwing herself at Vicente and even trying to kiss him.
	Natalia froze for a moment, but finally laughed instead due to the anger she felt.
	This was really...
	Elsa asked again, "Natalia, did someone take this picture to slander you? You have nothing to do with Mr. Langes, right?"
	Natalia rolled her eyes gloomily.
	“Of course not!”
	Is this some kind of joke?
	She and Vicente?
	Natalia rubbed her forehead.
	"I know who did this," she said, "don’t worry. I'll take care of it."
	Elsa was still quite concerned.
	"Natalia, this kind of picture came out right on the first day of your shooting. People would think that you got this role only because you’re hooking up with the director! The person who released these pictures is definitely trying to ruin your reputation before you have the chance to become famous. How wicked!”
	Natalia paused for a moment and sneered, "Only if she has what it takes to tear me down. If she just shoots herself in the foot, then she can accuse no one but herself," she said in a deep tone," well, like I said, stop worrying. Just let it be. I have my own way."
Chapter 183 Trending Again
	Elsa was comforted by her assurance, and she hung up feeling relieved.
	After that conversation with Elsa, Natalia went straight to the set for Vicente.
	As the director, Vicente could not go back to hotel to rest since there was still a lot of unfinished work on the set.
	After a simple lunch, he was about to start working.
	When Natalia found him, he was looking at the footage taken this morning and was surprised to see her.
	"Hmm? I thought that I’ve told you to go back to the hotel and have a good rest. The shooting in the afternoon requires a lot of energy. You’d better not fall behind."
	Natalia smiled, "That's all right, Mr. Langes. I want to talk to you about something."
	Vicente noticed her difference and nodded.
	"All right, let's go over there."
	Then he led her to the temporary break room.
	In the break room Vicente asked, "Well, what is it that you want to say?"
	Natalia didn't say anything and just pulled out her phone to show him the trending topic on Twitter.
	Vicente paused for a second. He took over the phone and looked carefully. When he saw the title and photos above, his face suddenly turned livid with anger.
	“Bastard!” he put the phone on the desk and growled, “Who took those pictures? Who wrote that nonsense! Are they blind or what? I was drunk and you simply gave me a hand. And they turned this into a scandal? What are they up to?"
	Natalia smiled and said, "Mr. Langes, don't bother about this nonsense. The person who took those pictures wants to tear me down. Unfortunately, she won't get what she wants."
	Vicente looked at her, confused.
	"Who on earth wants to do that? You’re just a newbie in this industry. Why would anyone go through all this trouble against you?"
	Natalia raised her eyebrows. "Maybe... Just because she’s jealous?"
	Vicente froze.
	Natalia put her phone away and said calmly, "I'm telling you this because I want you to be prepared. Otherwise, if those reporters ask, you might not know anything. I know you don't use social media."
	Vicente took a moment to finally realize what Natalia was trying to say.
	“So... you don’t want me to get involved?”
	Natalia nodded.
	“"Don't worry. I'll take care of it and make sure nothing goes wrong."
	Vicente shook his head in disapproval.
	"No, though it doesn’t seem like a big deal, but it can have a great negative impact on you if you get it wrong. I'll make a public statement and find out who did this. Don't get yourself involved again."
	Natalia stared at him and blinked.
	"Why are you making a statement?"
	Vicente wondered, "Why not?"
	Natalia laughed, "It's a great opportunity to increase the popularity of this series. Someone even paved the way for us. Why throw it away? Let the buzz run. We don't have to make a statement because this will help us get publicity for the new show."
	Vicente was completely puzzled.
	"Aren't you afraid that people will believe it and think you got the part by dishonest means?"
	Natalia looked at him and grinned.
	"I heard that at the end of this month, the first promo will be released, right?"
	Vicente paused and nodded. "Yes, but what’s that got to do with it?"
	"The best way to prove it," Natalia said, "is not to make a statement, but to slap them in the face with what we got."
	She said, with her eyes glistening with fierceness, "Before that, I want them to get their punishment they deserved!"
	...
	As Natalia left the set, Rosa walked by to fetch water.
	She went into the dressing room. Jessica had just finished her meal and was sitting there having a rest.
	Seeing her, she opened her eyes and said in a cold voice, "So? What did you see?"
	Rosa bowed her head slightly, and her voice was quiet and weak with a sense of timidity.
	"I saw Natalia coming out of the Mr. Langes's break room."
	Jessica grinned.
	"So, she saw the pictures. She thought she could just go to Vicente and fix this? So naive!"
	Rosa looked up at her and quickly lowered her eyes. She shut her mouth and didn’t say a word.
	Jessica thought for a while and said, "Contact more KOLs and ask them to stir this up again. Try to keep that topic trending a few more days and stir along with the topic from yesterday!"
	Rosa pinched her fingertips, hesitating.
	Jessica saw her standing still and felt angry all of a sudden. She threw a cup of water at Rosa’s feet.
	"Are you deaf? Did you hear me? You don't need me to show you how to make contacts, do you?"
	Rosa hurriedly said, "No. I’ll get it done."
	Then she left hurriedly.
	That afternoon.
	Everyone knew that there was a TV series called Strategies for Cannon Fodder in which the leading actress Natalia and the director Vicente were having an illicit affair.
	The affairs between leading actresses and directors were no longer a big news these days, as there were nonstop scandals revealed in the entertainment industry.
	What had actually made the news stand out was that these two names were simply too unfamiliar to the public. Despite a few people knew Natalia was Jessica's sister, there was little information about this incident.
	Even the relationship between Natalia and Jessica was only known to a few people despite the previous scandal.
	Normal people were not too concerned about this sort of things. Even if they wanted to gossip, they wouldn’t care much afterwards.
	Also, Jessica had been involved in some bad news for several times before, so people didn’t think highly of her, let alone care about her news.
	But for some reason, the name Natalia had been trending on social media for the past two days.
	Yesterday, Jessica and Natalia had just made up.
	Today, it had been revealed that Natalia was sleeping with a director for her role in the new TV series.
	People were all confused. Who the hell was this Natalia? Why was there so much news about her?
	People who were curious began searching for news about Natalia.
	Natalia did not open her account as an actress. Her previous account, which was created for her job in the PR Department, still had the title of President of Star Entertainment and Manager of the Public Relations Department in Annie International.
	Not many people knew about this account, but because she had forwarded some advertising posts, it was naturally not very hard for people to find out.
	However, when people finally found it, they realized it was only a work account in which there was nothing but work information.
	Not to mention Natalia's personal life.
	People felt bored, but also more curious about her.
	After all, Natalia was a very beautiful woman, if not just judged by the advertisement.
	On the other hand, Jessica, whose fans previously bragged about how good-looking she was on the Internet, looked like a maid when she stood next to her much prettier sister.
Chapter 184 Find Somewhere Else To Cry
	What people didn’t quite understand was why she got into the entertainment business so late and had to sleep with a director for a role even though she was incredibly stunning.
	Their curiosity was aroused by Natalia. Plus, some of them had already heard of her name because she was Jessica’s sister.
	They couldn’t wait to spread the word for Natalia after her topics went trending throughout social media, so almost everybody began to know her shortly afterwards.
	Since these were basically scandals, most people held criticizing opinions when they heard of the news.
	But that didn’t stop some people liking her good looks for now.
	And as for those pictures?
	Why rush to make comments before either party gave their side of the story?
	Those who had known the entertainment industry all knew better than jumping to a conclusion.
	For most of the cases, a story like this would have quite a surprising ending. Nobody would want to say something they would regret later.
	Consequently, a lot of people were on the fence and didn’t start trashing her except for a few Jessica’s fans who still held grudges against Natalia for what happened before and those who were radical but didn’t know the truth.
	The rest of them, to Jessica’ surprise, were all waiting for an update without saying anything harsh to either side.
	Obviously, Jessica was angry to see their reactions.
	She didn’t have a clue why Natalia was so lucky and why they responded to those pictures like that.
	She said flatly, “Julia, it’s not enough. Find more people for me. This time, I will tear down her reputation for good!”
	Julia frowned, “But just a couple of pictures are not enough. If we push too hard, it may leave some trace and cause trouble for us.”
	Jessica thought about it and then agreed.
	“So, what’s next?”
	“Take it slow, of course. Make more evidence first.”
	...
	In the McCarthy Properties.
	In the chairman’s office, there was palpable tension in the air.
	Brian was standing in front of the desk, lowering his head. He didn’t even dare to make a sound.
	And behind the desk, Archie’s face was as gloomy as the darkest cloud when he was looking at the gossip news on his computer.
	“Mr. McCarthy, this whole thing is staged to libel Mrs. McCarthy. It can’t be real.”
	Archie glanced at him gloomily.
	“Tell me about it! I don’t need you to remind me of that!”
	He trusted her, absolutely.
	Besides, who the hell was this Vicente Langes? He was no match for him in terms of appearance, wealth or charm.
	Anyone with two eyes knew who to choose.
	But anyway, he was still upset about those pictures on Twitter.
	Archie gazed at them for a while and said in a deep voice, “Dig deep. Find out who’s behind this.”
	Brian bowed his head promptly, “Yes, Mr. McCarthy.”
	While Archie had ordered his men to investigate, Natalia was busy with filming.
	Although the gossip was already fired up, she acted like nothing happened.
	Vicente was impressed by her calmness. On the contrary, he was not so happy about Jessica’s presence as she was ceaselessly making trouble on the set.
	On this day, Jessica started to nag about how disgusting the boxed meal was and sent Rosa to buy her meals from a restaurant called Primal Steakhouse.
	That restaurant was on the other end of the city and it was during the rush hour at noon. It would take at least two or three hours to get Jessica what she wanted. Also, the temperature was getting higher. It would be very exhausting to run errands for her at high noon.
	But the little princess didn’t care and she would give Rosa a hard time if she was late or the meals were cold.
	The other people were furious when they saw the thin Rosa stood there, scolded by Jessica fiercely, and didn’t have the guts to talk back.
	They also remembered how nice and kind Jessica behaved in front of the camera, which seemed sarcastic and ridiculous right now.
	Last night, Natalia worked until three in the morning and was free in the morning. Vicente told her to have a rest and come back to work after lunch.
	So, when she arrived, it was already one in the afternoon. Just as she walked pass a corner, she heard the suppressed weeping of a girl.
	Natalia stopped and turned around. She saw a tiny girl at the corner piled with bricks. She was crying and crouching with her arms around her knees.
	Nancy came back last night and she was with Natalia today, acting as her bodyguard and assistant. She saw that Natalia halted and seemed to be very interested about that person over there, so she decided to ask that girl to come over here.
	However, just when she was about to go, Natalia stopped her and went there herself.
	Nancy puckered her lips and followed.
	That girl was still crying silently. Her skinny body trembled as she sobbed.
	Maybe she had heard their footsteps. She raised her head slowly and felt a shadow enfolding her.
	“It’s hot outside. Aren’t you afraid of heatstroke?”
	The girl looked up at the slender woman, thinking that her voice was so beautiful, just like a melody.
	Rosa panicked a little as she gazed at her.
	Natalia smiled faintly and offered her a clean handkerchief which she normally kept with her, “Wipe your tears, your makeup is messed up.”
	Rosa wiped her face confusedly and unconsciously. She reached for her handkerchief. But she drew her hand back suddenly.
	At the next moment, she stood up and said nervously, "I know, thank you."
	Natalia paused for a second.
	She looked down and chuckled after thinking of something. She didn’t force her to accept her kindness and took the handkerchief back.
	“Why are you crying like this? Are you wronged?”
	Rosa bit her lips and then shook her head.
	“Don't worry, I won't meddle in your business, and I'm not trying to comfort you. I just want to give you some advice. If you really want to cry in the middle of the day, you should find somewhere else. Otherwise, you will get sunstroke, and it's going to be a lot worse if you're lying in a quiet corner all by yourself, don't you think?”
	Rosa was stunned and raised her head while Natalia smiled at her.
	“You can cry when you're sad, but you also have to protect yourself."
	After she said that, she turned and left with Nancy.
	Rosa wondered if there was something wrong with Natalia’s mind.
	She was already so sad and she had to pick an appropriate place to cry?
	But then she felt that her skin was really uncomfortable with the fierce midday sun.
	She was feeling bad enough, and the sun was going to make her feel even worse.
	Would she feel better if she cried somewhere cool and comfortable?
	When she realized what she was thinking, Rosa stopped abruptly.
	This was ... so weird.
	Natalia didn't care what she thought and strolled over to the set. She saw the props were still unfinished and went into the dressing room to get ready.
Chapter 185 An Awkward Moment
	That's when Shawn came in.
	He was probably here to see Jessica. So, when he entered the dressing room and saw Natalia sitting there by herself, he was slightly stunned.
	He knew Natalia was on the set, but he just didn't expect to see her here.
	The makeup artist didn't know about what had happened between Natalia and Shawn, but she knew that he was Jessica's fiancé.
	It was the first time she'd seen him visit since the launch.
	She smiled at him and said, “Mr. Miller, you're looking for Jessica, aren't you? She'll be here any minute. Why don't you wait here for a while?”
	Shawn automatically wanted to refuse, but when he saw Natalia sitting there, he said yes.
	The makeup artist asked her assistant to get Shawn a glass of water. The assistant looked at him quietly and noticed that the young master of the Miller family was even more handsome than in his photos.
	With his good looks, many people would like him if he wanted to be an idol.
	But he might not be interested. After all, he came from a wealthy family. He didn't have to work so hard to get into the entertainment business.
	Everyone thought Jessica was really lucky to find such a handsome and rich husband.
	Shawn had no idea what was going on in their heads. From the moment he came in, his eyes had been fixed on Natalia, who was sitting there while the makeup artist worked on her.
	His feelings were complicated.
	Back when they were together, he offered Natalia the idea of getting her into the entertainment business.
	He asked her about that only once. And when she refused, he said nothing more.
	And now, she decided to get into this business on her own.
	Didn't she once say that she found the entertainment business annoying?
	She also said she didn't like the spotlight and that she preferred to work quietly behind the scenes.
	He still remembered he felt relieved hearing that.
	It was good for him to have her behind the scenes. At least, she wouldn't steal Jessica's thunder.
	He knew her strength and her beauty behind her mediocrity. She could be much more successful than Jessica if she wanted to be.
	That was something he didn't want to see in the past.
	Now, he did not feel the same again looking at her.
	The dressing room was quiet and awkward.
	After a while, Shawn couldn't resist asking, "Natalia, long time no see. How have you been?"
	The makeup artist raised her eyebrows in surprise.
	So, these two know each other!
	Then she thought of Natalia and Jessica's relationship, and it suddenly clicked.
	They're related. He was her sister's boyfriend, so even if they weren’t familiar, they naturally knew each other.
	What was really strange was that Natalia and Jessica didn't talk much on set. They were sisters but acted as if they were total strangers, which was why others often forgot their relationship.
	Natalia lowered her eyes slightly and ignored him while she asked the makeup artist to apply eyeliner.
	Shawn was embarrassed and a little reluctant.
	She was no longer the woman who looked up to him and would do anything for him.
	She was now cold, indifferent, and impatiently resisting.
	In particular, her occasional and spontaneous annoyance felt like a sharp needle stabbing into his heart.
	Shawn wanted to say something more but Jessica walked in.
	“Shawn!”
	She saw Shawn and was so happy to see him that she ran and hugged him.
	"Why didn't you come to see me sooner? Do you know how much I miss you these days?"
	The makeup artist gave an awkward cough and said with a smile, "What a loving couple."
	Shawn's back was slightly stiff.
	But he slowly hugged her shoulders and said with a smile, "I have been busy for a few days. I came here as soon as I have time today."
	Jessica threw her head back in his arms. "I knew your work was always more important than me."
	“How come?”
	Shawn uncomfortably took her hands and said, "Well, someone is still making up here. Let's go out and leave them alone."
	Jessica gave Natalia a look with a hint of pride.
	But she still obeyed him and went out with him.
	After they left, the makeup artist said, "Looks like they really love each other. There are so many fake things in the entertainment business. I haven't seen such a good couple in a long time."
	Natalia snorted and said no more.
	Soon, the makeup was done.
	Natalia went out and practiced her lines while Jessica went to put on her makeup.
	Shawn was probably free today, so he had been staying with her.
	The two were so close that many people on the set envied them.
	Natalia didn't care. She sat on the chair, working to memorize her lines.
	Meanwhile, Nancy took a glass of iced watermelon juice and handed it to her. "What the hell," she scowled, "those people have no idea what kind of cheating bastards they have been and think it's pure love!"
	Natalia took the watermelon juice and had a sip before saying slowly, "No matter what, it's true that they're together now. That's good enough for Jessica."
	Nancy froze.
	She looked nervously at Natalia and asked gingerly, "You won’t feel uncomfortable, right?"
	"Huh?"
	Natalia looked at her blankly and smiled at the awkwardness in Nancy’s eyes. "What are you thinking? I am not interested in him a long time ago."
	Nancy was finally relieved.
	"Yes, you have Mr. McCarthy. He's the nicest guy in the world. The likes of Shawn Miller are nothing like him. He doesn't deserve you!"
	Natalia couldn't help laughing.
	But when Nancy brought up Archie, she remembered that she hadn't called him in two days because she was busy filming.
	During the first few days of the shooting, he would call her almost every night, and they would chat for an hour or two.
	The day before yesterday she was filming at night and missed his call. She called him back in the wee hours. Afraid of interrupting her sleep, he said a few words hurriedly and hung up.
	To this day, he hadn't called again.
	Natalia thought to herself that she should give him a call if she finished her job early tonight.
	While she was thinking, she heard a low cry of surprise from the other side of the dressing-room.
	"Wow! How beautiful!"
	"Jessica, you’re so lucky!"
	"Dear lord, it must cost a lot of money for such a big diamond ring!"
	She looked over curiously and saw Jessica standing at the door of the dressing room holding a big bouquet of roses while Shawn was on his knee with a diamond ring in his hand, putting it on Jessica's finger.
Chapter 186 Set Up
	Nancy couldn't help frowning.
	She said in displeasure, "What’s that for? They've been engaged long before, haven't they? They are engaged again?
	In the daylight, the handsome man was standing by the side of the beautiful woman. Jessica put on a happy expression in a white dress and with red roses in her arms. Natalia felt that they looked a good match.
	She tugged her lips and said, "They are eye-catching."
	"What?"
	Nancy was a bit surprised.
	"I mean, they look pretty eye-catching from my position."
	Nancy was lost for words.
	Natalia's thought was really weird.
	One was her ex-fiancé and the other was the mistress, but she even said that they were eye-catching standing together?
	Natalia took back her gaze and smiled when she saw Nancy's scary and creepy expression.
	"Jerk and bitch are a perfect match! We should broaden our horizon and do not make a fuss over the same thing again and again."
	Nancy was not as calm and good-tempered as Natalia, so she spat, "He is so high profile after cheating on you. How shameless they are!"
	Natalia could not help smiling but didn't say anything. She didn't take this show to the heart and remained indifferent.
	Though Natalia didn't care, someone cared.
	That afternoon, this piece of news went viral.
	#JessicaProposed
	#RichBoyfriend
	People just liked to read the romance stories of the celebrities, especially the dramatical sweet story like this, which sated the curiosity of the public.
	They were praised online and some people even became their fans.
	Of course, some commented Jessica did that for show, but that comment was overwhelmed by their fans' flattery.
	Things seemed to be getting better.
	The campus scandal in which Jessica was implicated faded away as time passed.
	Besides, Natalia and Jessica were said to have made up, and today there was such a sweet proposal.
	More positive news about Jessica were reported.
	Jessica's image turned better in netizen's eyes.
	After all, most people were just kind and forgetful.
	Though some mentioned Jessica's scandal in the comment section, but their comments were undercut by Natalia's crazy fans.
	It looked quite good-humored and peaceful.
	Lying in bed at night, Natalia was on her cell phone and curled her lips reading the comments.
	Let Jessica go on hyping the show.
	It was better that Jessica could do more things for show.
	So, Jessica could shape the image of the fairy again.
	Let her climb higher. Only in this way could Jessica feel more pain and misery when she fell down.
	After that, Natalia was ready to go to bed.
	But at that moment a text message came suddenly with a “ding”.
	She looked at the screen. It was from Vicente.
	The content was very simple. He invited her to his room to discuss tomorrow's shooting.
	Natalia looked at the time and it was already 1:00 a.m.
	They went back late in the evening, and they were shooting early the next morning. Naturally, it was not reasonable for Vicente to invite her to talk about the shooting at this hour of the day.
	But Vicente was a workaholic, and she knew that already. Natalia silently put away her mobile phone, got changed and went out.
	Natalia lived on the 13th floor and Vicente lived on the 12th floor.
	Natalia went downstairs by elevator, walked to his door and pressed the doorbell.
	Soon, the door was opened.
	Vicente was wearing the same working suit. He opened the door when he saw her.
	"I'm sorry to send you a message so late at night. Do I bother you?"
	Natalia shook her head and said while entering the room, "Not at all. I’m not sleeping yet. You want to talk about the shooting with me?"
	"Yes, you need to pay attention to some scenes. I'm afraid that I will forget it tomorrow, so I decide to talk to you at this time."
	Vicente said, spread out the script, let her sit in the chair, and started to talk about her part.
	Natalia learned things fast. When she worked in public relations, she studied the script for the actors and actresses, so it was not hard for her to understand what Vicente meant.
	Vicente was a serious and responsible director. Since he knew that Natalia was shooting for the first time, he was very considerate and marked up the lines that she needed to pay attention to in red.
	Natalia listened carefully, and they exchanged ideas. Before they could notice, an hour had passed.
	During the time, a waiter came in to deliver a meal.
	Seeing that, Natalia asked Vicente, only to know that he was busy watching the footage and forgot to have dinner.
	Therefore, this meal was his supper.
	Natalia suddenly had much respect for him. She took a cup of tea handed over by the waiter. After drinking and then chatting for a while, Natalia got up and left.
	However, when she walked to the door, she felt a strong vertigo suddenly.
	She immediately held up the wall, shook her head, but only felt his head spinning. Then she fell into a coma.
	It was the next day when she woke up.
	Natalia opened her eyes in confusion. The white ceiling was before her eyes and the ceiling lamps were still shaking in front of her eyes. The strange and familiar decoration gave her a headache.
	She closed her eyes, subconsciously reached out to rub her head, but touched the carpet under her body. She came to senses suddenly as if a switch in her body was turned on.
	This wasn't her room! It was not her bed!
	She was lying on the ground!
	What was going on?
	Last night's memories came to her mind. Natalia suddenly thought about something and her face turned pale.
	She looked around, only to see that everything in the room was neatly arranged. Vicente leaned against a single sofa by the window, tilted his head, closed his eyes, and was still unconscious.
	The food was thrown to the ground and the soup was all over the floor. The carpet was soiled by the soup.
	Natalia hurried over and woke him up.
	Vicente frowned, rubbed his head and said, "What's going on? Why are you in my room so early?"
	Natalia said coldly with a sullen look, "We have been set up!"
	Vicente was stunned.
	He became a little dull perhaps because of the effect of medicine. After several seconds, something came to his mind.
	He looked down at the fool on the ground and realized something.
	"Damn it! What bastard did it?"
	"Stop it. Someone is coming."
	Natalia's face was gloomy as she heard the hurried and messy footsteps in the corridor outside.
	She took a look at Vicente. Vicente figured it out and his expression changed drastically. He said worriedly, "They just want to ruin your reputation. Do you need to find a place to hide?"
Chapter 187 Evil Intention
	Natalia shook her head.
	"It's no use. They have gone so far to set me up. If I hide, it will mean that I indeed do something wrong. When they find out, it will be impossible for me to explain clearly."
	"What should we do?"
	Natalia frowned tightly without a word. She quickly ran to the window and looked down.
	"You don't need to worry about me. Go to open the door. If someone asks you, just say that you haven't seen me."
	"OK, you…"
	Natalia ignored him and rolled up her sleeves. She looked back at the two cups on the table and the food Vicente had last night, and decided to put them all into a bag.
	Someone outside urged hastily and seemed to be sure that Vicente was alone with Natalia.
	"Mr. Langes, open the door! I take the doctor over. Open the door, please."
	"Mr. Langes, are you alright?"
	"Mr. Langes, are you okay?"
	"There's no sound inside. Just open the door."
	When Vicente heard that, his expression changed and rushed over to the door.
	At the same time, a strong wind swept from behind. Vicente looked back and Natalia had disappeared.
	Several staff members from the same crew came in.
	Kain, the vice director was in front, followed by the hotel attendant with the room card.
	They were in a hurry, but Kain was a bit stunned when he saw Vicente standing in the room safe and sound.
	"Vicente, are you feeling well?"
	Vicente frowned, "Sure. Why?"
	"Well..."
	Kain was a little confused, took out his cell phone and said, "You sent me a message and told that you were not feeling well, didn't you? So, I hurry to take the doctor here."
	Vicente took a look at the phone handed over by Kain, and indeed saw a message sent to Kain from him.
	Vicente frowned tightly. He looked around the house and found his cell phone in bed.
	Vicente turned on his phone and scanned the messages.
	Amazingly, there was indeed a message sent to Kain ten minutes ago.
	It was indeed from Vicente, and the receiver was Kain.
	What was going on?
	Seeing Vicente holding his cell phone with a stunned look, Kain was a bit worried.
	"Vicente, are you really alright? You sent me the message ten minutes ago, so you shouldn't have forgotten it so soon."
	Vicente turned to look at him.
	The other crew members who followed Kain also looked surprised.
	His face turned gloomy. He thought for a while and said, "I'm sorry. There's a misunderstanding. Perhaps I accidentally pressed some buttons and sent the wrong message. Sorry to trouble you."
	Hearing what he said, Kain felt more confused.
	However, he didn't continue further after hearing that.
	He could only express his worries, "It's good that you are fine. If you are not feeling well, you must tell us, since you are the backbone of the set. Should something happen to you, the crew won’t be able to continue."
	Vicente nodded.
	As they spoke, a man behind Kain was observing every corner of the room secretly.
	Vicente noticed him and asked, "What are you looking at?"
	That man came to senses and hurriedly said, "Nothing, I just feel it a little strange. Mr. Langes, are you sure that you're fine?"
	Vicente remained calm, "I'm all right. You can go back!"
	Kain nodded and took them away.
	After sending the staff that were concerned about him away, Vicente closed the door and put on a gloomy look.
	He hurried to the window and looked out.
	Nothing was outside, not to mention a woman.
	Vicente couldn't help but panic. When he was about to call Natalia, the doorbell rang.
	He didn't know who was running over to disturb him again, so he answered impatiently and came to open the door.
	However, when he opened the door, he saw Natalia standing outside.
	Vicente was shocked instantly.
	"Natalia? Are you alright?"
	Natalia shook her head, looked around and said in a low voice, "Let me talk in your room."
	Vicente quickly let her in.
	The door was closed and Natalia looked around the house for something.
	Vicente came up and asked, "How did you get outside?" Do you know I was really scared when I didn't see you under the window sill just now? I thought you fell!"
	Natalia checked the whole room to make sure there was nothing suspicious and turned around.
	She looked at Vicente and smiled, "Don't worry. I'm safe and sound now, right?"
	Vicente looked frightened and asked, "How on earth did you get out?"
	"Well, I just jumped to the window sill of the room below. I was lucky, for the guest of that room had just checked out. The door was open and the hotel attendant hasn't come to clean the room, so I come out easily."
	She said calmly, but Vicente stared in surprise.
	He couldn't help but look down and asked to confirm it, "You mean, you jump to the window sill below from here?"
	Natalia nodded.
	Vicente swallowed her mouth and looked at her with a wry look.
	"It's three meters high from here to there. You... All right, I didn't expect you would be so agile!"
	Natalia smiled and didn't deny it.
	She decided to talk about something serious, "Tell me how do you think about this thing."
	When it came to that, Vicente put on a cold look.
	"It's clear that someone wants to set us up!"
	Natalia nodded.
	"Someone invited me to your room, drugged us, made us unconscious and set up a scheduled message to Kain. Then he informed the crew of coming here.”
	“If we hadn't woken up early, they would have broken into the room and caught us sleeping together. We wouldn’t possibly explain it clearly.”
	He was so scheming that he didn't even show up. He made use of Kain and the crew to catch us. Even if he didn't reach his goal, he wouldn't be blamed."
	Vicente's expression changed slightly.
	"It has been so vicious to go so far."
	He looked at Natalia and frowned.
	"How did he drug us?"
	"I suspected they put the drugs in your food and my drink. So, I took them away just now. I can confirm it after I send them for a test."
	Vicente agreed. In fact, if Natalia hadn't made a quick reaction, he may not have thought of it.
	If one of them who had rushed in took away the meal and drink deliberately, Natalia and he would have no evidence to prove their innocence.
	In this way, everyone would think they had an affair.
Chapter 188 Slandered
	Even if it didn't spread out, it would have a bad influence on the crew, and the reputation of Natalia and him. Even Archie would not let him off.
	Thinking of that, Vicente couldn't help but feel somewhat frightened.
	He took out his phone and made phone calls with a gloomy look. "No, I'm going to call the police. I can't let the criminal get away with it."
	However, Natalia stopped Vicente before he dialed the number.
	Natalia looked at him and said seriously, "We can't call the police yet."
	Vicente wondered, "Why?"
	Natalia explained, "We are not injured. Moreover, I don’t think the police can find out the real culprit with only the evidence we provide."
	“Moreover, whoever has done the whole thing may become alert because we call the police, and it is likely to go nowhere and cause a bad influence on the crew, so there is no point in calling the police."
	Vicente was stunned.
	After a while, he said unwillingly, "We just let it go?"
	Natalia smiled, "Of course not."
	She paused for a moment and said sincerely, "If you believe me, let me handle it and I can find out who is behind this."
	Vicente frowned. He believed Natalia. However, he felt a bit guilty if he just let her solve it herself since he was also involved.
	When he was hesitating, his cell phone rang.
	It was from Jay, his assistant.
	Vicente could only answer the phone, but after a while, his expression changed drastically.
	Natalia looked at him, and then lowered her eyes. Suddenly, a hint of coldness flashed across her eyes as she thought about something.
	Soon, Vicente hung up.
	He looked at Natalia with a serious look and said in a deep voice, "Something goes wrong. The photo of you entering my room goes viral on the Internet. I am afraid it’s the same person."
	Natalia raised her eyebrow, took out her mobile phone and tapped on Twitter.
	She saw several photos on it.
	In the dim lights, Natalia lowered her head and hurried into Vicente's room.
	She stood at the door, and Vicente turned sideways to let Natalia in. Their faces were exposed, so it was impossible for them to deny it.
	The title was eye-catching.
	#DawsonScandal
	The first actress that most would think about was Jessica Dawson.
	They didn't expect it was about Natalia after they clicked on it.
	They were a bit familiar with the name because of the trending topic on Twitter a few days ago.
	If the photos taken in the hallway of the restaurant couldn't be used to prove that Natalia and Vicente had an affair, the photos posted today were surely something!
	After all, most people just believed no actresses knocked at the director's door at midnight for nothing.
	There was no need to pretend to be innocent in the entertainment circle.
	Natalia denied it last time. This time, could she refuse to admit it as the fact was so clear.
	They were not children, and they sure knew that men and women should keep their distance.
	There was a heated debate on the Internet.
	Some people thought it was Jessica and left negative comments without taking a look at a photo.
	And when they eventually found that it was not her, they were pushed back by Jessica's fans.
	However, Jessica's fans felt it useless to curse keyboard warriors whose identities were unknown.
	Therefore, all Jessica's fans finally came to Natalia.
	They cursed Natalia, saying that she was so shameless that she even seduced the director.
	One of Jessica's fans, who had many followers, pointed out that the heroine of Strategies for Cannon Fodder was Jessica at the beginning.
	Since Natalia was Jessica's sister and wanted to star in this drama, Jessica decided to let her sister become the heroine.
	However, Natalia was not satisfied and even seduced the director for some evil purposes.
	Well, people today all had a very active imagination.
	They imagined that Natalia seduced the director and asked him to find someone to replace Jessica, though Jessica was so nice with Natalia.
	Someone even wondered whether the campus scandal in which Jessica was implicated was true.
	Jessica looked so kind, and paid so much for her sister.
	Would Jessica hurt herself and frame her sister because she was jealous?
	It stirred up a heated discussion on the Internet.
	Natalia read the comments one by one, and she looked gloomier.
	Very good.
	Natalia thought to herself, "Jessica, you ask for trouble yourself."
	She wouldn't let off Jessica this time.
	Vicente was also reading posts on Twitter and became more and more angry.
	Vicente was stubborn and bad-tempered, so he was disliked by investors and could only shoot MVs. Otherwise, he would have had the opportunity to stretch his talents long before.
	It was the first time that he had had the opportunity to shoot a TV series, but he encountered such a thing.
	Reading the speculations of the people, he trembled with anger and roared, "How can they think so much only with a few photos? Aren't they afraid of God?"
	Natalia curled her lips coldly with a touch of coldness in her eyes.
	"If they do fear, they won't do such evil things. Vicente, don't worry about it. I can handle it myself."
	She said and typed quickly to send messages.
	Vicente looked at her confusedly, "How do you handle it?"
	After sending messages, Natalia smiled at him.
	"Make them pay for the wrongs."
	…
	Natalia had been working in the public relations profession to begin with.
	What was public relations?
	The business of solving unexpected and difficult problems.
	She helped others solve problems before, but now she helped herself.
	It didn't make any difference.
	The only difference was that Natalia wouldn't let off the man behind that so easily this time. Before, she won’t push too hard, since, after all, it was all just business.
	If she pushed too hard, her rivals might not have a chance to survive in this business. So she had been considerate enough to leave some space for the others in the business.
	However, it was different this time.
	She now felt that being kind would make her an easy prey.
	More importantly, some people just did not deserve her kindness.
	Natalia went back to her room.
	Nancy slept next door and didn't know what had happened last night because Natalia went out too hastily and didn't tell her.
	She finally knew what happened last night after she was told and read the news. Her expression suddenly changed.
	She came to Natalia's room and asked her, "How are you? Are you okay?"
	Natalia said, "I'm fine."
	Nancy felt she had made such a big mistake.
	"It's all my fault. I should have come over last night. If I had found out you weren't there, it wouldn't have happened today."
Chapter 189 Quarrel
	Natalia took a look at her and smiled.
	"It's not your fault. I didn't inform you. Even if you brought me back last night, it would make no difference. The photos of me going into Vicente's room at midnight were taken. The scandal would go viral anyway.”
	Nancy heard that and could not help but be more anxious.
	"What should we do? Shall I tell Mr. McCarthy and let him explain that?"
	Natalia shook her head.
	"No need. I can handle it myself."
	She didn't want to trouble Archie for such trifles. She had told him that she wanted to grow stronger and became his better half.
	If she couldn't get such a little thing done, what qualifications would she have to stand by him?
	Thinking about that, Natalia went to the bathroom and washed up herself.
	Seeing Natalia's calm look, Nancy was more anxious.
	"Someone must have made a lot of preparations to set you up. Even if I don't tell Mr. McCarthy, we can't just sit back and do nothing!"
	Natalia washed her face, wiped her face with the towel, smiled and said, "Of course not."
	She paused for a moment and said, "Well, do something for me at noon."
	"What?"
	"You should go and help me find someone…"
	…
	Natalia washed her face, pulled herself together, and ordered a breakfast from her room.
	After that, she went to the set slowly.
	The scandal went viral on the Internet, so the crew had known that.
	When Natalia went into the set, everyone stared at her with an inquiring look. Some people believed the rumors and threw Natalia a disdainful gaze.
	Nancy was angry and glared at them fiercely.
	Natalia was calm as if nothing had happened.
	She went to the changing room as usual.
	Unexpectedly, Jessica came very early. When Natalia went in, Jessica had been sitting there.
	Jessica brought her own make-up artist, who was coiling Jessica's hair. When she saw her come in, a fake smile touched her lips.
	"Natalia, good morning. I thought you would take a leave today!"
	Jessica didn't expect Natalia who usually ignored her would respond to her.
	She raised her eyebrows, "Why should I take a leave?"
	Jessica showed a surprised expression.
	"Natalia, you don't know that?"
	With that, Jessica took out her cell phone and show Natalia the trending topic on Twitter.
	"I saw it early in the morning. I am really worried about you. If you hadn't come here, I would have gone to visit you.”
	“I didn't expect you would have no idea about it!"
	Natalia's eyelids drooped and she glanced at Jessica's phone.
	Ignoring Jessica's mocking smile, Natalia smiled.
	"You're talking about that? I know that. What's wrong?"
	Everyone stared at Natalia in surprise.
	Why could she remain calm after knowing everything?
	She didn't care about it or pretended not to care.
	Natalia seemed to know what they were thinking about and smiled, "Don't be so surprised! If I care about whatever other people say, I will be very tired."
	Natalia’s make-up artist had a good relationship with her.
	Hearing that, that make-up artist swallowed and whispered, "Everyone is talking about it now. Aren't you afraid it will ruin your reputation?"
	Natalia sat straight, took the comb to fix her hair and said calmly, "They think that I had got the role because I slept with the director. They won't believe me no matter what I say, so I would rather speak for myself by simply doing my job. I don't have to care about the rumors."
	It fell into silence for a while.
	Natalia glimpsed at Jessica's ugly face from the corner of her eyes and put on a smile.
	Jessica and Aleena had thought Natalia would definitely make a scene since she was never an actor.
	Natalia was nothing in front of her when it came to acting, they thought.
	However, they didn't expect that Natalia would be so good at acting.
	When they were acting against each other, Jessica had tried her best to suppress Natalia, but to no avail. If anything, Natalia was even slightly better than her.
	Jessica was so angry.
	She was so furious that she could not focus and even forgot the lines.
	The crew even said that the award-winning Jessica was not even as good as a new actor.
	Since Jessica was a superstar, no one dared to say it to her face and they just talked about it privately.
	However, Jessica still heard what they said.
	Thinking of that, Jessica gritted her teeth.
	Natalia looked at Jessica's gloomy face and smiled, "Well, the rumors on the Internet did surprise me. I just went to Vicente to talk about the script, but someone took photos and even posted them on the Internet.”
	“Who could have hated me so much and set me up by all means? My good sister, do you know who that can be?"
	Jessica was stunned as she did not expect Natalia would ask about it.
	When Jessica met Natalia sharp and cold eyes, she paused for a moment and looked a bit guilty.
	After a while, she said, "How can I know that? Perhaps you offended someone, so he wanted to frame you."
	Natalia raised her eyebrows.
	"So, you admitted that I was slandered?"
	Jessica held her breath.
	She was fuming with anger when she realized that Natalia had tried to let her talk.
	"I didn't. You can talk about the script at any time. Why did you do it at night, as you are a actress?”
	“You give others a chance to make an issue, but you blame others for it. It's quite ridiculous."
	Natalia tugged her lips coldly.
	"Why can't an actress go out to talk about work at night? What era is it? What’s wrong with you?”
	“I don't think it inappropriate to talk about the script at night.”
	“The reason why some people would think I was doing some nasty things was just because they had a nasty mind.”
	“They have obscene thoughts. No matter what I do, they will just feel that I do that for some evil purposes. Do you expect such kind of person to judge what I did objectively?"
	After that, the dressing room was silent for a while.
	They looked at Natalia and Jessica in astonishment and didn't dare to say anything.
	Jessica did not expect the stupid and reticent Natalia would become so sharp-tongued.
Chapter 190 Missing Leftovers
	After a while, she forced a smile and said, "I'm just joking. A clean hand needs no washing. Why are you so excited? Are you afraid that others will slander you?"
	Natalia sneered, "The rumor is terrible. Even a hundred mouths cannot explain it away. I don't care about others' thoughts. I just hope that you don't take me as such kind of person."
	Jessica was a bit confused.
	What did Natalia mean?
	When did Natalia care about her opinion?
	Jessica mocked Natalia in her mind, but still she looked calm.
	The quarrel was over.
	Natalia sat down to let the make-up artist do her job. Jessica had got her hair done and gone out with the support of Rosa because her part had to be filmed early.
	Natalia signaled Nancy who stood at the corner.
	Nancy got it, turned around and followed Jessica.
	On the set, the props and setting had been prepared. Though Vicente was set up last night and felt very angry, he sat behind the camera to finish the shooting dutifully.
	Jessica was standing in the middle and listening to the action director's instructions for what she should do. A few masked men in black stood beside. They would play the role of assassins.
	After that, Vicente shouted "Action", launched the camera and started shooting.
	Rosa looked around and sneaked off when no one noticed her.
	The set was crowded. Rosa went through the crowd, all the way to the outside. She didn't stop but went straight to the hotel.
	Nancy followed Rosa at a distance.
	It took Rosa seven or so minutes to the hotel. When she got there, Nancy saw Rosa go to the second floor and talk to a waiter at a corner.
	"Where is the stuff?"
	"What stuff?" The waiter was in a daze.
	"The food and drink? Didn't you take them out when you cleaned up the room this morning?"
	The waiter was confused.
	"I didn't see any leftovers!"
	Rosa's expression changed a bit.
	"You cleaned up the room, didn't you?"
	"Yes, but I didn't see any leftovers. Perhaps they finished them."
	"How is that possible? Even if they ate everything, the box should be left there. Did you see the box?"
	The waiter shook his head.
	Rosa's expression completely changed.
	The waiter thought for a moment and seemed to understand something. His expression also changed. He whispered, "Did they discover something wrong?"
	"Nonsense!"
	Rosa was a bit anxious and stamped her feet, "What should I do? I didn't take them back. If Jessica knew that, she wouldn't let me go!"
	"Just tell her that you've thrown the things away! She won't know it anyway. "
	"No. You didn't see the leftovers when you came in, so Vicente must hide them somewhere. If I lied to Jessica and Vicente took them out, Jessica would kill me!"
	The waiter looked terrible when he heard that.
	He groaned in dissatisfaction, "You shouldn't have agreed to help her. You'll feel guilty of doing such an evil thing!"
	Rosa didn't speak.
	After a while, she said, "Forget it. I will tell the truth when I go back. Watch out. Careful when you talk."
	The waiter nodded and they separated.
	In the dark, Nancy put down her phone, played back the video that she just took and nodded with satisfaction.
	…
	It didn't take long for Rosa to return to the set.
	Jessica happened to be taking a break, sitting there and drinking water.
	Rosa came up to Jessica and whispered in her ear.
	Jessica's expression changed, splashed a glass of water on Rosa subconsciously and shouted angrily, "Useless. You can't even finish such a simple thing. Why do I keep you?"
	Rosa was wet all over. She lowered her head and bit her lips without a word.
	People around them were attracted by the noise and looked at them involuntarily.
	Only then did Jessica realize herself ill-mannered in public, so she changed the expression and put on a gentle and concerned look.
	"Why are you so careless to splash the water over yourself? Go to change your clothes. I can take care of myself here."
	Rosa bit her lips for a while before turning around to leave.
	Everyone on the set was not surprised. They had seen such kind of things so many times. There were various people in this circle. Some were beautiful, good-tempered and straightforward. Some were hypocritical and vicious.
	No one would come to uphold justice as long as they were not involved.
	It was a tacit understanding of adults that they should only mind their own business.
	Perhaps some people would sympathize with that assistant, but they wouldn't offend Jessica just for her.
	Rosa lowered her head and walked in silence.
	Although Jessica stayed in the hotel these days, Rosa was not qualified to stay there as well.
	The budget was tight to begin with. Only the leading roles and director could get the best accommodations. The rest could only stay in a cheaper motel.
	When Rosa walked to it, a figure appeared in front and stopped Rosa in the way.
	Rosa looked up and saw Nancy's serious face.
	…
	Natalia finally got her make-up done and walked to the set slowly.
	Jessica also felt she had enough rest. They would play against each other for the next scene.
	The sisters had taken the most important roles in the series, and they played rivals. Naturally, there were quite a lot of scenes where they would need to play against each other.
	Everyone was worried that Natalia would be inferior to Jessica in terms of acting since Natalia never acted before.
	The heroine of this show was very scheming and domineering. If Natalia should look weaker than Jessica, this TV series wouldn't stand out.
	Moreover, it would affect the viewing rates.
	Fortunately, Natalia did not let everyone down. She always had a good performance at acting.
	Though Jessica made a few mistakes and didn't perform very well, the filming wasn't slowed down.
	Since scandals about Natalia went viral on the Internet, the otherwise unknown cast finally attracted some attention.
	Therefore, the media would come here to take photos at noon. Vicente had been informed and hadn't expressed any opinion.
	He just wanted to do his job and didn't care about anything else.
Chapter 191 Contrived Plot
	In contrast, Jessica cared a lot about it.
	After all, they were still in the shooting phase and they hadn’t even released any footage. All news was being passed out through this interview.
	Because of that, when the media arrived, Jessica got her acting chops on and reverted to her gentle fairy image.
	“It’s the most important scene in the show that’s coming up next, sis. You have to give it your best. Don’t drag everyone behind.”
	Natalia shot her a mild look and casually said, “Worry about yourself.”
	Jessica smiled and said lowly, “With so many reporters here, of course I’ll give it my best. You, though – don’t think that you’ve done well enough just because you did well earlier. You can’t succeed at acting with just hard work; you also need talent. There’s a lot of explosiveness needed for the shooting today. If you don’t perform up to par, everyone’s going to see it. If rumors get out, I can’t help you.”
	Natalia looked at her coldly, treating it like a joke.
	Seeing her silence, Jessica thought she’d been affected by her words. She smiled contentedly and turned to leave.
	The equipment was in place, and so were the actors. They were about to shoot.
	This scene was where the female lead, played by Natalia, finally ascended to the position of Empress after many trials and tribulations.
	While the original Empress had her plots exposed and got her just desserts as she lost favor with the Emperor, was dethroned as Empress, and locked up.
	The new Empress and the former Empress met up in the palace where she was confined, where the new Empress passed her a glass of poisoned wine for her to kill herself with.
	To hurt the new Empress one last time before her death, the former Empress revealed the true mastermind behind the deaths of the new Empress’ entire family all those years ago – the reigning Emperor himself.
	It was a contrived plot, but admittedly quite a twist, tugging on all the right heartstrings.
	A scene like that was naturally the climax of the whole show.
	Because of that, everyone had made preparations beforehand.
	Last night, Vicente had called Natalia over in the middle of the night because he was afraid she wouldn’t be able to give as good a performance, so he wanted to explain things.
	After all, even though she’d performed well before, those were steady, run-of-the-mill scenes, not like today, where there needed to be emotional fluctuation.
	The trap had come utterly unexpectedly.
	Vicente was in a depressed mood, which had the whole cast feeling down.
	With everyone ready, they began filming.
	The palace was a dilapidated place, almost in ruins. Weeds grew around the courtyard. A bent willow was growing under a corner in the wall. It was spring, but most of its leaves were yellow. No one had taken care of it.
	The bricks on the floor were covered with lichen, becoming a tripping hazard. The stench of mold permeated the place. Combined with a dank scent, it assaulted the nose.
	Natalia had to wonder how the cast had found a deserted place like this.
	The yard wasn’t big. It took a few steps to reach the interior. Two handmaidens behind her pushed open the door, where a manservant bowed forward, reporting, “Her Majesty the Empress!”
	And yet no one came out to welcome her.
	It was dark and gloomy inside the palace. The moment the door opened, what greeted them was dust and the moldy scent of moisture.
	Natalia frowned. The handmaidens beside her stood in front of her and fanned the air, trying to lessen the stench.
	She raised a hand and stopped them. Then she lifted the hem of her dress and walked inside.
	One could feel the sense of loneliness and failure from outside the palace. The moment she stepped foot inside, the feeling grew even more evident.
	There was a coating of thick dust wherever she went. Cobwebs massed over the corners of the palace with the dried corpses of mosquitoes stuck to their surface. Tiny critters skittered across the area.
	Decorations were scarce inside. Even the chairs and desk were left crumbled on the ground. One was missing a leg, the other a corner. It was hard to tell how many years they’d been left here.
	The moldy stench continued to waft up from the room. In the east corner, a cot had been placed, and on it lay a person.
	Hearing the footsteps, that person sat up.
	Her sapphire, courtly dress had been dirtied to the point its original color was no longer visible. Her hair was a mess. Seeing the newcomer, her eyes blazed with hatred.
	“What are you doing here?”
	Natalia waved her hand, commanded her handmaidens to step back, then walked over, smiling.
	“I heard you were sick, your Majesty. I’m here to visit. Are you surprised? Your Majesty?”
	The words “your Majesty” jabbed at Jessica’s heart.
	She’d once been the mighty Empress, the highest woman of the whole empire. Anything she wanted, she got. With her brother as a general commanding armies, even the Emperor would not dare to go against her will.
	And the woman before her was only an insignificant little handmaiden, crawling under her foot like a cockroach. A bit of force, and she could have crushed her.
	But now this woman had taken her place as the new Empress.
	And she was here, in this dilapidated palace, now an abandoned concubine.
	How pathetic!
	Jessica laughed coldly, endless melancholy in her voice.
	She stopped laughing after a while and glared icily at Natalia, sneering, “To the victor go the spoils. I have nothing to say. If you’ve come to look at the state I’ve been reduced to, then you’ve got what you came for. Now get out!”
	“How dare you take such a tone with her Majesty!”
	Natalia raised a hand, silencing her handmaiden’s bark.
	She looked mildly at the woman before her, stepping forward.
	“Do you think you have anything left to show me at this point?”
	The light moved forward along with Natalia’s footsteps, stopping one step away from Jessica.
	Natalia bent over slightly, grabbing her by the chin.
	There was a smile on her lips but not in her eyes. Composited with the lighting, her eyes flashed with a frigid gleam.
	Jessica’s head was forced up.
	She clearly couldn’t accept the humiliating position, struggling a few times to no avail.
	The pain on her jaw, though, went bone-deep from the skin, shooting up towards her brain, as if her mandible was about to be crushed.
	Slowly, Natalia muttered, “You’re lower than a mongrel in the gutter at this point. What makes you think I’d show any interest in such a pitiful creature?”
	Her voice was low and calm. Like a frozen lake, it chilled the ear.
	Jessica’s heart trembled.
	An indescribable feeling of fear swept her like a gale.
Chapter 192 Live On Camera
	“You… you…”
	She stared deathly pale at Natalia. Those crystal-clear eyes of hers seemed like bottomless pits, with a terrifying power in them about to suck her in.
	“Cut!”
	The voice of a man rang out.
	Vicente stood up from behind the camera, frowning at Jessica. “What’s with you? Stammering that long without getting a proper word out – can’t you remember a script this simple?”
	Jessica snapped back to the present.
	She looked, dazed, over at Natalia, who’d stood up, brushed off her sleeves, and maintained a calm expression.
	Jessica’s chest jolted.
	She gritted her teeth, put away the hate in her eyes, and mumbled, “Sorry, Mr. Langes. I suddenly felt a little off and got stuck on the line. Let’s go for another take!”
	Vicente frowned, a little displeased.
	But he didn’t say anything and had them go again.
	Natalia took her posse, went back to where they’d begun, and started over.
	Outside, the tabloids who’d come for the interviews had their own cameras ready, shooting the whole scene from 360 degrees all around.
	Someone muttered, “I heard the female lead was a new actress. Thought she’d be a green rookie, it turns out she’s quite good.”
	“Yeah, not bad. From the way she’s presenting her lines to her control of her expressions, she’s pretty good. People who don’t know better might think she’s an experienced actress!”
	“In comparison, that so-called movie star isn’t giving a good performance!”
	“Well, we can’t say that. This is just the take one, and what actor hasn’t ever slipped? The next take might be the one.”
	“Yeah, didn’t she just explain that she was feeling ill? Look at her face, maybe she’s sick! Let’s not be too harsh on her.”
	The discussion of the bystanders all fell into the ears of the tabloid reporters.
	They exchanged glances and didn’t say anything, but they’d already started mentally noting those words.
	Meanwhile, Natalia stepped into the palace again, coming up in front of Jessica.
	She bent over and grabbed Jessica’s chin. Her face was dark, her glare sharp, a hint of a mocking smile on the corners of her mouth.
	Her entire being, from her brow to her eyes, emanated freezing coldness.
	“You’re lower than a mongrel in the gutter at this point. What makes you think I’d show any interest in such a pitiful creature?”
	Jessica clenched her fist tight.
	Accompanying the sharp pain from her nails, her head was forced up to face those chilling eyes.
	For an instant, she felt like she’d fallen into a black hole. Her entire body was surrounded by a cold that crept into her marrow, drawing shivers.
	She swallowed, then struggled to stammer out her line.
	“If… if you’re not interested, then why show up here today?”
	“Cut!”
	Vicente’s voice rang out again.
	He tamped down on his annoyance and said to Jessica, “The emotions were wrong there. Remember, you might be the former Empress, but you still need to have some backbone when facing your hated rival who deposed you! That was too weak, you looked like a handmaiden. I need more backbone, got it?”
	Jessica’s face grew sour.
	But she still nodded.
	“Take three!”
	“You’re lower than a mongrel in the gutter at this point. What makes you think I’d show any interest in such a pitiful creature?”
	“If you’re not interested, then why show up here today?”
	“Cut!”
	Exasperated, Vicente stood up from behind the camera, pointed at Jessica and said, “What are you thinking going so hard up against the new Empress? You’ve been deposed and you’re defenseless. She can strangle you to death at a thought; are you trying to get yourself killed speaking to her like this?”
	Jessica’s expression sank completely.
	She couldn’t hold it back and retorted, “You told me to show more backbone.”
	Seeing that she actually had an excuse, Vicente flew into a rage.
	“I’m telling you to show some more backbone, not rush headlong into death like you’re storming a beachhead!”
	“You!”
	Jessica had never been so humiliated since she’d started her career. Not to mention that there were so many tabloids around. She couldn’t take it.
	Someone murmured into Vicente’s ear.
	“Let’s hold in the temper, Director Langes. It’s a difficult scene and Jessica just couldn’t perform for the moment. Give her another chance and she’ll get it right.”
	Impatiently, Vicente snapped, “Difficult? How difficult could it be? The new girl got it right, and she couldn’t? How embarrassing is that?”
	At that, Jessica’s face burned.
	But throwing a tantrum in front of so many media would sting her reputation.
	After a while, she forced her anger down and said softly, “Sorry. That was my fault. Let’s go for another take!”
	Vicente shot her a cold look and went for take four.
	Still, she didn’t know if it was her mental state or not, but Jessica just couldn’t perform today.
	After finally getting past the first few lines, she choked up again when it was time to tell Natalia that the true culprit was the Emperor.
	She couldn’t help but feel that there was something hidden in Natalia’s eyes. Something poisonous.
	When those eyes landed on her, she felt an endless cold. The words she’d struggled to get out stuck in her throat and couldn’t get out.
	Jessica was in a state of panic.
	In comparison, Natalia was perfectly calm.
	She looked down at her from on high, her face casual but imperious. Her delicate, cool face emanated authority even without any expression.
	Vicente knew that they wouldn’t get any results if this went on for a whole day.
	Finally, he called for a break and decided to continue in the afternoon.
	They didn’t manage to finish the scene after all.
	Jessica felt utterly defeated.
	She’d wanted to give a good performance with the tabloids showing up, and she’d given this joke of a show.
	The moment shooting ended, the waiting tabloids swarmed up.
	“Miss Dawson, you were choking up all day back there. Why can’t you manage to finish this scene?”
	“Miss Dawson, did you forget your lines?”
	“Miss Dawson, you’ve always had a reputation for your acting talent and ability, but you couldn’t even remember your lines. Was the moniker of “talented” a fabrication by your company?”
	“Miss Dawson, you were choking up, while Natalia Dawson was giving a good performance in the opposing position. What thoughts do you have on the matter?”
	It wasn’t just Jessica being surrounded by reporters, but Natalia too.
Chapter 193 Framed
	Before, they’d thought that she was just another pretty face who got the role of female lead.
	With some underhanded methods and putting down her sister at that too. Because of that, nobody had any interest in interviewing her.
	But seeing this scene, they realized how mistaken they had been.
	This Natalia Dawson wasn’t just a good actor, she was great.
	Especially that aura she had been emanating. If it hadn’t been for the cameras around her, just looking at the scene was enough to pull someone into it completely. One could really believe that she was the high and mighty Empress of the land!
	If someone like that were to start her career, she’d blaze a path down the entertainment industry.
	Reporters with foresight couldn’t hold back their liking for Natalia. They came up clutching their microphones. “Is this really your first time acting, Miss Natalia?”
	Natalia looked at her, blinked, and nodded. “Yes.”
	“Have you received professional training before this? That performance back there was not that of someone new to acting.”
	Natalia smiled, no trace of her earlier imperiousness and coldness on her delicate features.
	Facing the countless cameras and microphones, her face even showed a trace of shyness and discomfort, which made her especially endearing.
	Lightly, she replied, “No, but before I entered the cast, I heard that Director Langes’ project was one of many years of passion. Since he was kind enough to give me a chance, of course I can’t let him down. So I studied the script and the characters in detail beforehand. Maybe because of that, I really felt like the Empress when I was performing. That’s why it went so well!”
	“You just said that you put in extra effort because it was a passion project from Director Langes. Then the rumors of your affair with him circulating throughout the internet – are they true?”
	Deathly silence followed that question.
	Nobody had expected someone to kill the mood with a question like that.
	This was an interview with the cast, so the questions had been screened by the cast beforehand to only be about the series.
	Because of that, no one would have blamed Natalia for not saying anything.
	However, she simply smiled lightly, looked at the person who’d asked that question, and asked back, “What do you think?”
	The reporter jolted, not expecting her to throw the ball back.
	She stammered, “How – how would we know that!”
	Natalia chuckled, “You’re naturally curious because you don’t know. I believe everyone else has the same question, and just didn’t ask because of the scene today. Since that’s the case, let me give you all a reply! It’s not true. My relationship with Director Vicente Langes is just about our work. Other than that, there’s nothing else.”
	She actually replied. That lifted the seal on the tabloid soul inside the reporters there.
	Immediately afterwards, someone followed, “Since it’s not true, then how about the photographs that leaked onto the internet?”
	“There were rumors of a secret relationship between you and Vicente Langes and photos of the two of you embracing in a restaurant corridor. Now we have pictures of you entering his room deep in the night. How do you explain all of this?”
	“We are now all witnesses of your acting now, but before formally becoming involved in this show, no one’s seen what you could do. How did you convince Vicente Langes to allow you to play the female lead?”
	“…”
	Countless questions came down on her like a rainstorm.
	Seeing the situation was about to get out of control, Nancy, who stood at a short distance away, was about to rush up to stop them.
	But the moment she moved, Natalia gestured at her to stop.
	To the side, the reporters who’d been interviewing Jessica saw that she was willing to answer such a question and swarmed over.
	In just a moment, Jessica, who’d originally been surrounded by media, was left with no one around her, while Natalia got all the attention.
	Her anger flared.
	Natalia just had it out for her, didn’t she?
	Stealing her thunder even on an interview?
	Jessica clenched her fists, looked at Natalia’s surrounded state, and sneered from the bottom of her heart.
	Fine. Let’s see how you would deal with all these questions?
	Faced with all those barbed tongues, Natalia’s expression remained passive and calm.
	She waited until everyone had calmed down a bit before saying, “You’re not the only ones curious about last night. I’m curious too.”
	Everyone jolted, not taking her meaning.
	Natalia smiled faintly, a bit of irony in her smile. “I won’t lie. Last night, I received a call from Director Langes and he asked me to go over and discuss the scene to be shot today. This is quite normal in the cast. Everyone saw us as well, the scene today is probably the most important scene in the show. As the director, meeting up with the lead to discuss the performance isn’t anything strange. What’s strange is, not long after I went into the director’s room, I was drugged. The both of us remained unconscious until this morning. Not only that, but the photos of me entering his room had been released onto the internet and used to frame us into a relationship. I’m also very curious – who it was that’s plotting against me like this behind my back. I’m just a small-time actress who has only stepped foot into the industry, and I haven’t offended anyone or gotten in anyone’s way. But the people plotting all this seem to be determined to end me and destroy my reputation. If anyone here has a clue and can tell me about it, I would be very grateful.”
	At that, everyone was taken aback.
	Nobody had expected this.
	Instantly, someone asked, “You say somebody drugged you. Do you have proof?”
	Natalia cocked an eyebrow, looked at the person who asked, and said, “Of course.”
	She took out a piece of paper from her pocket and showed it to everyone.
	“Look here. This is an analysis report for the food and drink we had last night in the room of Director Langes. It’s clearly written here that they were laced with drugs to cause unconsciousness.”
	Someone put up a camera and started snapping off shots of the report right away.
	Natalia didn’t budge, either. She just let them take the photos. When they were done, she put the report away.
	“So I have reason to suspect that there are people who have ill intentions towards me in the cast and want to use Director Langes to ruin my name and my future. As for who it was, I’ve already called the police. I believe that when the time comes, justice will be on my side. If my media friends here are interested, you can of course follow up on your own. I have no opinion on that.”
	With that, Natalia drew Nancy to her side and ended the interview.
Chapter 194 A Trash Actress
	Of course, nobody was going to let her go that easily. They tried to follow, but the staff blocked their way.
	Seeing that they couldn’t get an interview with Natalia, they shifted their focus to Jessica.
	“Miss Jessica, you’re in the same cast group as Miss Natalia and you’re sisters to boot. Did you know about the accident of her getting drugged?”
	There was quite a show going on with Jessica’s expressions right now.
	She smiled forcefully and didn’t dare say that she didn’t know about it. After all, a few days ago, they’d put out the news that they’d made up. Now that something this big had happened to Natalia, if she said she didn’t know anything about it, they’d think the news from before was just a sham.
	Finally, she chuckled stiffly and said, “Of course I knew about that. My sister didn’t want to say too much, so I don’t have all the details.”
	“Who do you think wants to do her harm, then? Do you have any suspects in mind?”
	“Yeah! You’re in the same cast, so you should know each other pretty well, right?”
	Jessica clenched her fists and faced the camera, her eyes shifting uncomfortably.
	Now she was the one getting surrounded by media. She wasn’t like Natalia and didn’t have a bodyguard like Nancy to open a way, so she could only stand there awkwardly.
	Resentfully, she wondered where the hell Rosa had gone for so long.
	Finally, with the help of security hired by the cast, she finally escaped the reporters’ questioning.
	Seeing that they couldn’t get an answer from Jessica, either, they turned their focus to the man involved in the incident, Vicente Langes.
	But Vicente was famous for his bad temper. Faced with the tabloids’ questioning, he didn’t give them anything definite, either.
	All he said was that if they wanted to know so badly, they could just go and ask the police when the case was solved, so what were they doing asking him?
	He was the victim here, did he have to help clear things for the media?
	With that, he left with a cold expression on his face.
	The reporters didn’t get the answer they wanted, but they hadn’t left with nothing.
	That afternoon, Jessica’s stumbling performance first leaked to the internet.
	Followed quickly by cuts of the interviews about the photos with Natalia and Jessica.
	The problem here was the timing. The first scenes to come out were the ones of Jessica’s performance. Most people were surprised and disappointed.
	“Didn’t Jessica Dawson win the best actress? Why is she this crappy? I heard the character should be a strong and tough woman originally. Even though she’s now a deposed Empress, and she can’t show that strong side too much if she wants to live, that performance was way too weak!”
	“Yeah, I read about this character when they introduced her with the script. And her crying is way too fake! Not even a tear.”
	“Is that all a movie star is capable of these days? If that’s the case, I feel like I could be a movie star.”
	“Please! Movie star? More like a trash actress.”
	“What are you talking about? Jessica got her award with ability. You just sound like you’re jealous!”
	“Pfft, ability? Give me a break! I’m not buying any of it.”
	“Yeah, everyone knows what happened when they were electing for the awards. She’d been about a hundred thousand votes away from first place in the last thirty seconds, but then she got all hundred thousand votes within those thirty seconds. Heh, they said the votes were calculated by machine, but I will buy it if you just say they wrote it out of thin air!”
	“Don’t bullshit if you don’t have proof! Jessica got her award fair and square, if you can’t accept it, you should take it up with the host, so what are you yapping about here?”
	“Yeah, you just have issues with Jessica, that’s why you’re insulting her like this!”
	“We have issues? What a joke! Your queen is now playing second fiddle on a web series, is she even worth insulting?”
	“She really thinks she’s a first-rate actress! You braindead fans are the only people standing up for her. Take a look at the absolute state she’s in with the entertainment industry!”
	“Don’t spew that junk. Jessica’s just getting involved in this series to support her garbage human being of a sister.”
	“Yeah, Jessica’s a stand-up gal. If it hadn’t been to support her, why would she take a net series with such a low production?”
	“Enough with the flaming! Jessica’s pure, cute, gentle and kind, she doesn’t need your approval or your liking.”
	“If you really don’t know, go check out the interviews from before, she outright admitted she only took this show because of her sister!”
	“Unbelievable that you’re framing her kindness like this!”
	Someone retorted, “You’re all saying that, but have you even seen what Natalia said in person?”
	“Yeah, she says she’s taking it up for her sister, and you just believe it? You haven’t forgotten all about the scandal from years back, right?”
	“Man! Those braindead fans really have them heavy rose-tinted glasses on with a healthy dose of nostalgia. If you’ve got the time to mouth off here, you should go have your brains checked!”
	The internet started squabbling. Meanwhile, Natalia’s scenes appeared in the tabloid videos alongside Jessica’s.
	Someone suddenly mentioned, “I didn’t notice before, but this main character both looks really nice and acts pretty well. That gaze was really imperious, as if it was the Empress herself.”
	That resonated with a lot of people.
	“Yeah, much better than that trash second-fiddle. Especially that gaze, my god, the sheer aggression. I can’t help it, I must kneel before her Majesty.”
	“That court dress is great, too, brimming with authority. I’m in love.”
	“Yeah, it’s been a long time since we saw a lady with this much backbone who looked this good.”
	“Simp! Simp!”
	The comments turned from Natalia’s acting to her appearance.
	Soon, though, someone came out and said, “Enough with the love, didn’t you see the tabloids from last night?”
	Someone who didn’t know what was going on asked, “What tabloids?”
	The photos from last night were posted the very next second.
	“Acting my ass. You still want someone who slept her way to the role?”
	“Damn, that shut-down came quick.”
	“She borked the director in the middle of the night, man. How do you like them apples?”
	Seeing the photos and the tabloid headlines from last night, Natalia instantly lost favor with some people.
	“Damnit, how could it be? I thought she’d be a good person to go along with her looks and her acting!”
	“Man, this is a complicated business.”
	Still, there were those who stuck to their guns and didn’t believe Natalia did those things.
Chapter 195 Making Waves
	“Quit it, with looks that good and acting that solid, why would she go through the back door? The tabloids just made it up as they went!”
	“Yeah! It was just a photo of someone going inside a room. Doesn’t prove anything. Can’t colleagues even go in each other’s rooms?”
	Still, those voices were few and far between.
	Soon, they were drowned out by the doubters.
	Even the real fans were quite upset. After all, this was such a rarely talented young lady.
	They thought they could get behind her, but then this scandal came out.
	They might not have believed it, but if the scandal developed further, even the fake news would become real!
	After that, though, another video came out on the internet.
	This one was an edited piece showing Natalia and Jessica’s interview.
	In the video, Natalia clearly explained the situation last night and showed proof that their food and drink had been drugged.
	That resurrected all the true fans right away.
	It was fake?
	Who was it, that’s going too far! Such a low blow against her!
	They felt a surge of pity for the young lady and decided to stand with her no matter what!
	While the fans riled themselves up, Natalia didn’t know the waves she was making on the internet.
	There was still shooting to do in the afternoon, so there wasn’t much time to rest. After lunch, she laid down next to her dressing room and closed her eyes for a power nap.
	But the moment she laid down, someone rammed the door open. Jessica stormed in.
	Nancy reflexively stood in front of her to block the way. Natalia lifted her head, saw who it was, and frowned imperceptibly.
	“It’s fine, Nancy, let her in.”
	Nancy moved off.
	Jessica walked in front of her and raged, “What is the meaning of this, Natalia?”
	Natalia looked at her with a half-smile on her face.
	“What is it? Have I upset my dear sister again? Running over to bust my chops so early in the day.”
	Jessica clenched her fists and felt an overwhelming urge to rip Natalia’s smiling face off.
	She fought it, took a deep breath, and growled, “Where’s Rosa? Where did you stuff her?”
	Natalia cocked an eyebrow.
	She raised her head, looked at Nancy and asked, confused, “Who’s Rosa?”
	Nancy explained, “I think it’s Miss Dawson’s assistant. The one who’s always with her.”
	Natalia nodded, as if she had finally understood something.
	Then she looked back at Jessica, even more confused. “Is your assistant missing?”
	Jessica almost coughed blood.
	“Quit playing dumb, Natalia! Someone saw this woman of yours with Rosa, and you want to pretend like nothing’s happened?”
	Natalia frowned and looked at Nancy.
	Exasperated, Nancy explained, “I don’t know her that well and only got to meet her after I came onto the casting crew with you. I saw her crying today as if she’d been through something, so I comforted her a little. Why are you saying all this like I’ve done something wrong, Miss Dawson?”
	She shot Jessica a dissatisfied glance.
	Natalia bowed her head, paused, and said to Jessica, “I believe Nancy. She wouldn’t lie to me. Your assistant’s disappearance shouldn’t have anything to do with her. Besides, why would we kidnap your assistant? If you want to look for someone, you should go to the police, so what’s with the tantrum?”
	Jessica was struck speechless.
	Of course she wasn’t going to say that it was because Rosa went missing after reporting that the food and drink from last night was gone.
	While Natalia had taken out the report for the food and drink, which was why she was worried that Rosa got caught by Natalia, and why she’d come up to ask for her.
	If she said all that, she was basically admitting that she was responsible for last night.
	But if she didn’t say anything, now that that brat was in Natalia’s hands, if anything came out of it, she was done for!
	Jessica was in a state of panic.
	But looking at Natalia’s still expression, she couldn’t guess if she’d caught Rosa or not.
	Finally, she scoffed.
	“Fine, I’ll believe you. You’d best pray that you didn’t have anything to do with it, or I won’t let you go!”
	With that, she left in a huff.
	Nancy waited until she’d left, shut the door, and sneered. “I don’t know where she gets her guts from to say that she won’t let you go! As if she could really do anything.”
	Natalia reclined on her couch and smiled, saying nothing in reply.
	She took a sip of tea and asked, “She’s still not talking?”
	Speaking of that, Nancy’s brow furrowed slightly. “Yeah.”
	“Take me to her.”
	A little over ten minutes later, the pair arrived at the hotel room.
	On a sofa in the room, a seventeen to eighteen-year-old girl sat. Her hair was short, her pretty face was pale, and she was thin as a rack. With her head bowed, she remained completely silent.
	Natalia walked up and looked down on her from above. Her lips parted.
	“We’ve got the video of you going over to the waiter. Even if you don’t admit it, if I give this to the police, they’ll find out sooner or later.”
	Rosa’s body trembled.
	Still, she bit her lip and didn’t say anything.
	Frowning, Nancy reminded her from the side, “Why don’t you think about what your family’s going to do with you in jail?”
	Still, Nancy remained silent and bowed her head lower.
	Natalia looked at her. From her angle, she could see the girl’s tight lips and determined face.
	She was quiet for a while, then suddenly said, “Never mind, let her go!”
	“Natalia!”
	“It’s fine.” Natalia stopped whatever Nancy was about to say, looked mildly at Rosa, and murmured, “I don’t know why you’re helping Jessica like this and even covering up her tracks for her. But maybe you’ve got troubles of your own. I won’t force you. Any time you want to talk, come find me!”
	With that, she really had Nancy escort her out.
	A few minutes later, Nancy came back, utterly befuddled.
	“I don’t get it, Natalia. Why’d you let her go? She had that server drug you! Jessica must be behind this! If she’d only speak, we’ve had proof to use against Jessica.”
	Natalia chuckled.
	She took a look at the time. It was getting late. Time to get back to shooting. As she walked out, she said, “She wouldn’t really stay and testify for us if we kept her here, so what’s the point?”
	Puffing up, Nancy glared at her.
Chapter 196 Suspicious
	"But still you shouldn't let go of her so easily. As long as you want, I can let her tell the truth by all means.” Natalia turned her gaze at Nancy worriedly.
	"Nancy, stay cool!"
	Natalia knew that Nancy was not just some ordinary bodyguard.
	Natalia had never seen a bodyguard as agile and good at fighting as Nancy before. Archie let Nancy protect Natalia to ensure she was safe and sound. It could be concluded that Nancy must have some strengths.
	Seeing Natalia's alert look, Nancy was somewhat annoyed and scratched her head.
	"I really could not understand. I spared no effort to bring her here, but you let her go. Isn't it a waste of time?"
	Natalia shook her head.
	"Not at all."
	Nancy was confused.
	"Jessica has a suspicious nature. She knew you took away Rosa, so she wouldn't believe Rosa anymore even if Rosa went back safe and sound.”
	“Jessica is not so nice with Rosa, but Rosa sticks to keeping Jessica's secret. Perhaps Jessica has got something on Rosa.”
	“No matter how we tried to pull it out from Rosa, she wouldn't tell the truth and may even have a breakdown. So, I would rather let her go.”
	“If Jessica no longer believed Rosa, she would drive Rosa away. By that time, it would be easier for us to handle it."
	Nancy opened her eyes wide. Only then did she realize what Natalia planned to do.
	Knowing that, Nancy couldn't help but admire Natalia for her deliberation.
	Nancy exclaimed, "That's it. You are so smart!"
	Natalia smiled, "It's just a little trick. Not a big deal."
	As expected, not long after they went back to the set, Vicente asked everyone to be ready for the shooting.
	Natalia's make-up was unchanged. She only needed to freshen up.
	So did Jessica. However, she didn't perform well today, perhaps because she didn't have a thorough understanding of her part, or she was in a mood.
	Even if the lines rolled off the tongue, the emotions of her role were wrong. Vicente became impatient in the end.
	Feeling that Jessica's part couldn't be finished today, Vicente asked her to take a rest, so he could shoot other parts.
	Jessica felt worse because of that. Seeing Rosa who had come back, Jessica glared at Rosa.
	"Where did you go? Why does it take you so long to be back?"
	Rosa avoided Jessica's eye.
	And she said in a low voice, "I went nowhere."
	"Nowhere?" Jessica threw a suspicious gaze at Rosa, "I heard that you were taken away by Nancy?"
	Rosa trembled slightly.
	Jessica captured it sensitively.
	She sneered instantly.
	"You must have told her everything."
	"I didn't!"
	Rosa denied it, but Jessica didn't believe her.
	"You didn't? Where were you from the morning to now? Don't tell me that you got lost and spent several hours finding way back! I am not a fool!"
	Rosa almost cried.
	"Jessica, I didn't lie to you. I was taken away by Nancy. But I didn't tell her no matter how she tried. You should believe me...”
	Jessica looked at Rosa coldly.
	Rosa was at a loss for what to do and sobbed, "Even if you don't believe me, I need your money to afford my mother's operation. I haven't got the money. Why will I betray you?”
	Hearing that, Jessica somewhat believed it.
	But she still stared at her in disbelief, "You swear?"
	"I swear!"
	"Well, I'll trust you for the time being."
	She took a deep breath and turned to leave.
	Rosa stopped Natalia hurriedly.
	"Jessica, you, you said you would give me that money as long I do this thing for you. Can … can you give me now?”
	Jessica looked at her and sneered.
	"You failed and you still want the money? Do you think it so easy to make money from me? Rosa."
	Rosa was stunned and hurriedly shook her head.
	"No, I don’t."
	"Rest assured. I will give what you deserve, but you have to do me another favor.”
	Hearing that, Rosa's face turned pale.
	"What, what?"
	Jessica waved to Rosa and whispered in her ear.
	On the other side.
	After Jessica was ordered to rest, Natalia was acting against Mac, who played the role of the emperor.
	They finished the shooting very smoothly.
	Natalia left the set at seven in the evening because she had finished her part for the day.
	Natalia changed her clothes and went to the hotel with Nancy after packing her things.
	Nancy said in a low voice, "As expected, Jessica got something on Rosa.”
	Natalia raised her eyebrows without feeling surprised.
	"What is it?"
	"Her mother was ill and she needed money for her mother's operation. Jessica promised to pay for the operation."
	Natalia smiled.
	"She is dutiful."
	Nancy sighed.
	She hated Rosa's deeds very much, but now mixed feelings filled her heart.
	"She is poor.”
	"Did Jessica give her money?"
	"No, Jessica wanted Rosa to do one more thing."
	It was not beyond Natalia's expectation.
	"What did Natalia want Rosa to do?”
	Nancy frowned and shook her head, "I didn't get it since I was too far away from them, and their voice was low.”
	Natalia was not surprised.
	"Never mind. Wait and see in the evening."
	When they went back to the hotel, Natalia took a bath.
	Although the cinema park was remote, it was quite prosperous because all kinds of crews would come here throughout the year.
	There was a food street not far from the hotel. Natalia was in a good mood, so she decided to go there with Nancy.
	As they went out, a furtive figure followed them stealthily and appeared at the door of their room.
	The thin figure looked around. Only after she had made sure no one was around did she take out the room card and opened the door.
	When she went into the room, she felt relieved to find no one was inside and began to have a rummage around.
	"Where is it?”
	Rosa frowned. Natalia and Nancy only stayed here for a while. Natalia took a shower, but she had no time to hide things, so that thing should be easy to find.
	She didn't take it out with her, did she?
	Impossible.
	They went out for supper. It would be troublesome if they lost it outside, so Natalia must have put it in her room.
	Thinking about that, Rosa became more focused.
Chapter 197 You're Found Out
	A few minutes later, Rosa found what she wanted in a pocket from the pile of dirty clothes in a laundry basket.
	Rosa took it out happily and thought Natalia too careless. How could she put something so important into the pocket and forget to take it out?
	She thought as she unfolded the paper.
	The next moment, however, her expression changed.
	She only saw some big letters on the paper. "Hello, you are found out."
	...
	Natalia followed Nancy back to the room happily with snacks.
	There were a lot of delicious snacks as expected.
	For girls, street food like barbecue, fried noodles, and fried rice cakes were their favorite.
	They bought a lot and felt it too noisy and not convenient to have snacks over there, so they brought them back.
	When they got out of the elevator, they saw their room door open and the light coming out.
	They looked at each other, gave a knowing look and walked over.
	In the room.
	Rosa sat on the sofa with a pale face. Her eyes dropped and she was like a quiet deer.
	Two bodyguards in black were standing on both sides. Nancy hired them to keep Rosa here.
	Natalia walked in, saw that and smiled, "Thank you. That's enough. You may leave!"
	Natalia looked at Rosa sitting opposite with a half-smile, "Rosa. What a coincidence. We met again."
	Rosa felt so desperate.
	She was caught twice. The first time was an accident. However, this time, they set a trap to catch her.
	She raised her head regretfully and looked at Natalia.
	"Miss Natalia, it's my fault."
	Natalia raised her eyebrows. "Why?"
	Rosa pursed her lips.
	She thought to herself, "You know why!”
	Natalia just wanted to hear that from Rosa, so she sat down on the other side of the sofa, asked Nancy to take the plate and put the snacks on it, and said, "Tell me. What have you done wrong?”
	Rosa lowered her head, and murmured in grievance, "I shouldn't steal things."
	Natalia smiled.
	"Jessica sent you here?"
	This time, Rosa said nothing.
	Natalia shook her head.
	She thought, "This silly girl still tries to keep a secret for Jessica!”
	Natalia was not in a hurry, took a bunch of barbecues handed over by Nancy and had it.
	While eating, she mumbled,
	"It doesn't matter. You can take your time and tell me when you are ready."
	With that, Natalia paid no attention to her anymore and focused on the barbecues with Nancy.
	The strong and enticing smell of food wafted into Rosa's nose, and she couldn't help swallowing.
	Rosa came here without eating dinner. She was locked here at noon, so she didn't eat lunch, either. At this time of the day, she had been extremely hungry.
	Rosa looked at a variety of street foods like fried buns, fried saury, and chicken feet, all with a strong fragrance...
	She was so hungry...
	She really wanted to take a bite.
	She swallowed.
	As if she had heard something, Natalia raised her head and smiled at Rosa.
	She showed a bunch of mutton kebab and asked, "Do you want to have some?"
	Rosa was nervous, put on a poker face and shook her head.
	Natalia shook her head and laughed, "Well, since you don't want to eat, we'll enjoy ourselves."
	With that, Natalia went back to her snacks happily.
	Rosa was about to cry.
	She had never been so embarrassed and irritated.
	Her stomach rumbled, but she could only watch them.
	She pursed her lips and wanted to tell the truth but finally managed to keep it.
	She couldn't!
	If she did, she would offend Jessica and she wouldn't be able to afford her mother’s operation.
	Thinking about her mother lying in the hospital, the fragrance seemed to vanish.
	She smelt or saw nothing.
	She had to help her mother.
	Natalia saw that Rosa had wanted to eat so much that she almost stood up, but Rosa finally restrained herself and restored a calm look. Natalia raised her eyebrows, a bit surprised.
	When Natalia thought about the reasons, she stopped feeling surprised.
	She smiled without saying anything and stopped after finishing half of her snacks.
	She put them aside, stood up, stretched her body and poured a glass of water to drink.
	"It’s really great. I haven't had snacks so easily for a long time.
	Ever since she got together with Archie, that man had been very strict with her.
	He controlled just everything in her life and her work alike.
	She would not be allowed into any small restaurant on the street, not to mention these stalls.
	He said it was not clean.
	In Natalia's view, it was simply inhuman!
	The best food was not from Michelin-starred restaurants but from a street food stall.
	Obviously, Archie wouldn't agree to her. In his opinion, the snacks were junk food.
	How could his wife have such dirty food?
	Natalia didn't bother to argue with him and followed his advice. Now that she was on the set and Archie was not here, she could eat whatever she wanted.
	Natalia felt wonderful after being full and felt Rosa pleasing to the eye.
	She ate too much. Instead of sitting down, she stood by the window with a glass of water, with one elbow on the railing idly.
	She looked at Rosa and asked, "Do you want to say it or not?"
	Rosa pursed her lips without a word.
	Natalia's gaze turned cold, "Do you think that I have no way if you don't say it?" Rosa kept silent.
	Natalia sneered.
	"Jessica got something on you. Have you ever thought about it? If I call the police, you will be arrested and prisoned for at least half a year. If you are in prison, what should your parents do? Can the one you want to protect survive?"
	Rosa's pupils shrank instantly.
	She looked up at Natalia and said, "Don't call the police."
	Natalia sneered.
	"Why?"
	"I…"
	Rosa somewhat hesitated. She was wondering if she should tell Natalia everything. If not, she would be put into prison and Jessica may still pay for her mother’s operation for her.
	If she did, her mother’s operation was out of the question and Jessica may even let her pay for the price.
	Seeing Rosa fall into deep thoughts, Natalia said nothing, took out a bank card and threw it on the table.
	"Here is two hundred thousand. You can use it to pay for your mother's operation. Say it. What did Jessica let you do?"
	Rosa's pupils shrank.
	She fixed her gaze on the card and suddenly looked up at Natalia.
Chapter 198 Not The Time
	Natalia's mouth twitched.
	"Don't be surprised. Jessica can find out that your mother is in the hospital, so can I. It's not a secret. I can know that by asking whoever knows you."
	Rosa was shocked.
	She was shocked not because Natalia knew it, but...
	Natalia was willing to give her so much money for her mother’s treatment.
	Natalia could have a better choice—Call the police or force her to confess.
	Natalia wouldn't suffer any losses whatever she chose to do.
	Why?
	Rosa could only fix her eyes on Natalia. Natalia shrugged her shoulders and didn't intend to explain.
	She just said, "Now, you can tell me what Jessica has asked you to do without any worries."
	Rosa sat there, hesitated for a while but nodded finally.
	"Alright, I’ll tell you everything."
	Rosa started to tell the truth.
	But she was interrupted by Natalia.
	"Wait a minute."
	Natalia took out her phone, tapped on it, put it on the table and smiled, "Would you mind me recording? Don't worry. I will have your voice processed, so nobody will ever know it’s you." Rosa's expression changed slightly, but she could understand Natalia and didn't raise any objection. She started to tell the story, which was quite simple actually.
	Jessica wanted to get something on Natalia, so she had her men watch Natalia all the time.
	It was rare to see Natalia go into Vicente's room, so Jessica immediately ordered her man to take photos.
	She then asked Rosa to find someone to put the drugs in their food and drink.
	Rosa didn't want to do so, but Jessica would fire her if she refused.
	Rosa hadn't gone to the university or learned any skills, so she could only be an assistant. Her mom was in the hospital and her treatment cost her a lot of money every day, so Rosa needed a lot of money to make ends meet.
	If she lost her job, she would have no other way out.
	Sensing Rosa’s hesitance, Jessica promised her that she would keep her job and Jessica would even pay for her mother’s operation if Rosa did what she said.
	Rosa's father died when she was a kid, so she and her mother were depending on each other all these years. She really could not say no to such a tempting offer.
	She happened to have a classmate working in this hotel, so she asked him to put the drugs in their food. He did it very smoothly.
	However, Jessica refused to give Rosa the money and even scolded Rosa. She even ordered Rosa to go back again to steal the drug identification report.
	Though pictures of that report were already posted online, few people read that report carefully, especially the seal on it.
	As long as they could steal the report and put a fake report in Natalia's room, they could declare that Natalia faked the report to defend herself and elicit sympathy.
	In this way, not only could Natalia not quash all those rumors but she might be loathed by people. Her name would be blackened.
	Nancy was really angry after hearing it.
	She literally wanted to go out and kill that bitch!
	Natalia on the contrary was as calm as ever, reached out to stop her, looked at Rosa, and smiled, "I see. Take the card. The password is six zeros.
	Rosa looked at Natalia, clenched her hand, picked up that card quickly and said in a low voice, "Thank you, Miss Natalia."
	Natalia nodded to signal Rosa to leave.
	Rosa left in a hurry.
	Nancy was still very angry.
	"Though Jessica and you are half-blooded, why can you be so different from each other?"
	“What the hell was wrong with her? Why was she only against you? She even wants to kill you.”
	“If you had not been quick and clever, she might have got something on you. If so, you could only accept the bad luck. Even Mr. McCarthy couldn't help you turn the tide of public opinion."
	Natalia leaned on the sofa, her eyes drooping. After a moment, she smiled.
	"Perhaps she and I were enemies already in my former life."
	She picked up the phone, looked at it, thought for a while and said, "Nancy, you copy this recording to your phone. Save it and don't leak it out."
	Nancy opened her eyes wide in shock.
	"We are not going to release it now?"
	Natalia shook her head.
	"No."
	"Why?"
	Natalia glanced at her.
	Natalia's gaze was cold and seemed to imply something.
	"We need to cut her to the quick. It's not the time to publish the record."
	…
	Nancy was confused about what Natalia was thinking.
	However, since she had said so, Nancy would never disobey Natalia's order.
	She had a copy on her mobile phone and encrypted it. Just in case, she even had a copy on her computer and also encrypted it.
	When all were done, Natalia felt relieved.
	In the evening, she let Nancy massage her ached shoulder and then went back to the room to rest.
	The next day.
	Since Natalia didn't post anything new, so the debate grew more and more heated.
	Because of the video where Natalia made a reply, some believed that Natalia was set up.
	However, a large number of people still thought Natalia did it for show.
	She should prove her innocence through evidence.
	Some even commented that she and Vicente wouldn't have been taken photos of if she hadn't seen the director at night. She should blame herself.
	Naturally, a lot of people found such a comment unreasonable.
	What era was it? Why did so many people have such a strong bias against women?
	Why were girls to blame for whatever they did? Couldn't girls go out at night?
	There was a heated discussion. Many people even left comments under Natalia's other posts.
	Some supported her but more abused her.
	Natalia washed herself up early in the morning and prepared to go to the set.
	On the way, Natalia took out her phone and wanted to open Twitter but was stopped by Nancy.
	Nancy gave Natalia a sympathetic look, "Natalia, don't watch it. Why let it affect your mood."
	Natalia raised an eyebrow and said with a smile, "What? They are all talking ill of me now?"
	Nancy forced a smile.
	"Not all though."
	Natalia thought for a while but still opened Twitter.
	"Never mind, let me take a look."
	She might be a new actress, but she had been involved in the entertainment industry for long.
	Therefore, she wouldn't care about what others would say about her.
	Natalia just wanted to know what most people would think of her. As the video spread, Jessica would definitely do something. Only after she knew what Jessica had done could she make the next step.
Chapter 199 Fans Club
	The opinion was exactly what she expected.
	She had made it clear that she was set up and showed a report of the drug found in the leftovers.
	But most people were still questioning her.
	Some were easily affected by public opinion and followed suit to speak ill of Natalia.
	"You were framed twice. Why did they just set you up? How convenient is it all?"
	"You knew someone drugged you and took the drug for a test, and you didn’t know someone was following you and taking photos of you? I will definitely not buy it!"
	"Are you a lunatic? You did something wrong but blamed it on others. How brazen-faced are you to say that?"
	"Someone set you up, but you don't know who that guy is. No matter what happened, you can always find someone to blame!"
	"Yes, it's too disgusting to see you, for you always pretend to be a victim."
	Natalia read them one by one with a calm look.
	Nancy was very nervous and observed Natalia's expression carefully, for fear that Natalia was so unhappy that she may even smash her phone any minute.
	"Natalia, they are just blind. You've shown them the report, but they just could not see it."
	Nancy was really angry.
	Natalia smiled.
	"Some people can see it. These people are hired by Jessica to slander me. It's not surprising that they pretend not to see it."
	Jessica must have spent a lot of money hiring so many people.
	Nancy was stunned and didn't expect that.
	"What should we do now?"
	Natalia glanced at her. "I have got a plan."
	When she was about to log out her account, she saw a post from someone called Like_A_Dream.
	It said, "Stop slandering Natalia. To tell you the truth, I work in the cinema park. I saw the whole process of the interview.”
	“Natalia did not feel guilty at all, and she made the statement very calmly. Moreover, she is very nice and competent. She doesn’t need to sleep with the director to get the role.”
	“Stop talking nonsense. She is such a beautiful and capable actress and does nothing wrong. You continue to slander her. Don't you feel guilty?"
	However, only a few people gave support to this Like_A_Dream, who was like a lonely warrior that fought for her.
	Natalia felt warm, tabbed on the "like" button and commented, "Thank you for your support!"
	She received a reply very soon.
	This Like_A_Dream was obviously excited, "Natalia gives me a thumbs up! My post is liked by her!"
	Natalia was stunned and smiled. She then received a private message from this Like_A_Dream.
	"Are you really Natalia?"
	Natalia hesitated for a while but replied a "yes".
	"Oh my goodness! I can't believe I can chat with my idol!"
	Natalia couldn't help smiling, thought about the abuses screamed by other people, so she sent a message.
	“Thank you for defending me. I am very grateful and touched, but I wish you could protect yourself before speaking for me.”
	“I'm stronger than you think, so I don't care about what others say. You don't need to stand out and argue for me.”
	“If you really like me, please wait for the series to come out. I will prove myself with my work."
	After a while, the other party made a reply.
	"I know that. My idol is the best woman in the world. I won't argue with them anymore. I will always be with you. NaCl will always be with you!"
	Natalia was stunned looked up and asked Nancy, "What is NaCl?"
	Nancy looked indifferent, "It seems to be the name of your fans club."
	Fans club?
	She had a fans club? So soon?
	Natalia couldn't help smiling. She didn't know that she had attracted some fans with her beauty since the issuance of the official poster.
	After she posted a video, in which she made a calm reply to quash all those rumors, she attracted more fans.
	Her fanbase were too small to exert a large influence on the Internet, so no one noticed they had set up a fans club.
	Natalia was quite happy to be recognized by them.
	She chatted with that Like_A_Dream for a while before she logged off. Then she put away her phone and headed to the set.
	When Natalia arrived at the set, Jessica saw her and immediately walked over.
	Jessica looked sullen, so Nancy subconsciously stood in front of Natalia to protect her.
	Seeing that, Jessica looked gloomier, but she stopped.
	"Natalia, where is Rosa? Where have you taken her?"
	Natalia raised her eyebrows.
	There was a hint of mockery in her cold and indifferent eyes.
	"Isn't Rosa your assistant? Your assistant is missing. Does it have anything to do with me?"
	Hearing that, Jessica was fuming with anger.
	"Stop acting. If you hadn't taken her away, I would have found her."
	Natalia sneered, "Jessica, you said that I took Rosa away. Do you have any evidence?"
	Jessica was at a loss.
	When Nancy took Rosa away, they were in a corner and had avoided the surveillance camera, so no evidence was left.
	Jessica knew it, so she felt even more flustered.
	Would Rosa, that damn girl, tell the truth to Natalia?
	Jessica was not nice with Rosa, but she had asked Rosa to do some important things for her since Rosa was on good behavior and she got something on Rosa.
	Jessica had kept Rosa under control by putting Rosa down or giving her some benefits.
	However, Rosa was gone.
	Since last night, Jessica had kept looking for her. At first, she thought Rosa went out for something, but Rosa hadn't come back until late at midnight.
	She couldn't get through to Rosa and no one knew where Rosa was.
	Thinking about what she had asked Rosa to do, Jessica realized that something had happened.
Chapter 200 Public Opinion
	She didn't care if Rosa was still alive or not.
	But Rosa couldn't be caught by Natalia.
	Thinking of this, Jessica took a deep breath and gritted her teeth, "To be honest, last night, I suddenly wanted to tell you something, so I asked Rosa to look for you, but she had never come back since she went out.”
	“I can't get in touch with her, so I am a bit suspicious. If you know where she is, please tell me. I am kind of worried about her."
	Natalia squinted slightly and smiled.
	"That's it. That's why you come to me with an angry look early in the morning."
	“You let Rosa come to me yesterday. If you didn’t tell me about that, I would think that you had ordered her to do some nasty things to me, so you are in such a hurry to find her."
	Hearing that, Jessica's pupils shrank a bit.
	A hint of a guilty flashed across her eyes. She straightened her back and said in a heavy voice, "Of course not. I'm too busy playing the role. What nasty things can I do?"
	Natalia nodded. "Good."
	She paused and suddenly sighed.
	"What a pity. I don't know where she is. I didn't see her yesterday. Jessica, are you sure that she came to me?"
	Jessica looked at Natalia's serious look. It seemed that she didn't lie.
	She suddenly felt worried.
	Didn't Rosa go to steal the drug report?
	Then why couldn't she get through to Rosa?
	What could have gone wrong?
	Jessica's expression kept changing. The crew asked them to prepare for the shooting.
	Natalia ignored her and went on her way.
	Jessica was obviously absent-minded all the morning.
	Vicente had planned to finish the part of yesterday. He didn't expect that Jessica would be in a worse state after resting for a night. He turned angry.
	Jessica knew it was her own fault, so she just stood there without saying a word. Occasionally, she threw several resentful glances at Natalia.
	Natalia ignored her and went to take a rest.
	The shooting didn't end until noon. Jessica finally finished her part though it was far from good.
	In the afternoon, the video of Jessica being severely scolded by the director on the set was posted online.
	The video was very clear and Vicente's every word could be heard clearly.
	Jessica stood there with an embarrassed look and kept silent. Apparently she also knew she was wrong.
	Some of her fans saw the video and were immediately outraged.
	"What's wrong with this director? He was so harsh to Jessica just because he is a director? Is there something wrong with his mind?"
	"Jessica is so pitiful. She didn't even dare to refute the director. She shouldn't have taken this role to begin with!"
	"The director is so arrogant. He takes Jessica's fans for nothing?"
	"How can such a man be a director?"
	"Damn it! I want to rush to the set to beat the director up!"
	A public stink was kicked up soon. Topics such as #JessicaScolded and #CrazyDirector went trending almost in no time.
	When Natalia saw the video, it was in the evening.
	She had to act opposite Jessica this evening, so she didn't rush back to hotel, but had a rest in the lounge after having dinner.
	When she saw the video, a smile touched her lips.
	"Good work. Vicente looks very young from this angle!"
	Nancy could not help but roll her eyes.
	"That's not the point."
	She took a glass of lemonade and put it in front of Natalia. "It's quite useful. You serve her with the same sauce. Jessica's reputation has been slightly affected and her ability has been questioned due to the previous interview.”
	“As this video spread, Jessica would leave an unfavorable impression on the public. It's a good thing for us.”
	Natalia shook her head.
	"I didn't make this video."
	Nancy was stunned.
	She was somewhat surprised.
	"What? Then who is it?"
	Natalia glanced at her.
	"I don't know."
	"Oh?"
	It was reasonable that Nancy was surprised. Though everyone of this crew held a grudge against Jessica, they still showed respect for her.
	After all, Jessica had been popular for so long. Though she was not as popular as before, no one would try to mess around with such a figure.
	Therefore, when Nancy watched this video, she thought it was Natalia that had the video shot.
	But it was not.
	She was in a daze for a moment and asked, "Who could ever do such a thing?"
	Natalia shook her head.
	Natalia thought for a while but could not be sure, so she kept silent and put away her phone.
	"Forget it. It does no harm to us. Whoever it is, we just need to sit back and watch the show."
	Nancy nodded.
	At that moment, noise came from outside.
	Nancy was somewhat curious, so she went to the door and took a look. Not long after that, she went back with a bad look.
	Natalia sat lazily on the chair and showed no interest.
	Seeing Nancy's bad look, Natalia smiled, "What's wrong? What happened?"
	Nancy snorted and said in displeasure, "What else could it be? The two bastards came out again!"
	Natalia raised her eyebrow and got what she meant.
	She couldn't help smiling.
	"Why are you angry?"
	"Because..."
	Nancy wanted to speak but still thought better of it.
	Nancy bit her lips for a while. Thinking about something, she suddenly snorted.
	"You've been here for so long, but Mr. McCarthy hasn't come to see you even once."
	Seeing her displeased look, Natalia smiled.
	"I don't allow him to come here."
	Nancy was a bit surprised.
	Natalia said calmly, "Have you heard one thing?"
	"What?"
	"Couples showing affections daily also break up easily."
	She patted Nancy's shoulder and said sincerely, "I want to be with Archie for the rest of my life, so we don't have to show affections in public. Don't worry about us, okay?"
	Nancy got it, and immediately put on a smile.
	"I see."
	Natalia felt it boring to sit in the room. Since there was a show, she could go to see the fun.
	So, she stood up and walked out.
	It was an action scene set in a rainy evening. Therefore, a lot of props were removed since there would be no need for them and the middle of the set were empty.
	Since it was early summer, around sunset, the sky went grey. Though the moon had come out, only a pale light was on the sky because night hadn't fallen.
Chapter 201 Brand Ambassador
	But even so, when the evening lights were lit, the faint moonlight also shone on the bluestone road in this ancient town.
	Many people had gathered at the center of the open space. They were looking at the other side with curiosity. Then Natalia finally saw Jessica was sitting on a lounge and Shawn was sitting on a taboret and talking to her there.
	She wore a faint smile and held a drink in her hand. Shawn looked at Jessica. Natalia didn’t know what they were talking about. She could only hear their melodious and happy laughter. It seemed the air was sweet because of them.
	Someone whispered, “They are well-matched. It’s obvious Shawn really likes Jessica. Maybe they will get married soon.”
	“Yes, it’s not too much to say that they were just made for each other. Miller Prosperities was very influential in Julio, and now they are also in charge of Century Entertainment. Therefore, if Jessica really marries him, she could have all the resources the company can possibly provide.”
	“Even if she got that scandal, she still could take a part in this drama. Only she can make it.”
	“That scandal should not be true! Although Jessica sometimes would lose her temper at her assistant, she is nice to other people.”
	“Who knows. Her assistant is young, so it is possible for her to make some mistakes. It’s all right for Jessica to scold her.”
	“No matter what, this is their own business. Why are you gossiping here?”
	“I didn’t. I just mentioned it casually.”
	“I wish I could have a boyfriend as considerate and rich as Mr. Miller.”
	“You can close your eyes tonight and lie down on the bed, and then you will have your boyfriend immediately.”
	“What do you mean?”
	“Dreaming! You can have everything in your dream.”
	“Fine. How dare you make fun of me! I will give you a lesson later!”
	Then there were the sound of people frolicking around happily, but soon they were interrupted by a scream over there.
	“Wow, this necklace is so beautiful!”
	They saw an assistant walk behind the two with a blue velvet brocade box in her hand.
	Shawn took the brocade box over and opened it. An exquisite diamond necklace was lying inside.
	Jessica was naturally surprised beyond belief. She covered her chest, “Shawn, is this a gift for me?”
	Shawn looked at her tenderly and nodded, “Of course. When we were shopping before, you said you liked it, so I just bought it for you.”
	Jessica was so moved that she was about to cry.
	“This necklace is quite expensive. Why must you go to this expense?”
	“Because it’s for you.”
	After saying that, Shawn picked up the necklace and stood up.
	“Let me help you put it on.”
	Jessica nodded.
	Shawn went around behind her and tenderly helped her put on the necklace, which immediately caused a wave of cheers from the people around them.
	“Jessica, you are so lucky. Not only is Mr. Miller handsome and rich, but he also treats you so well. We are so jealous of you!”
	“Yes. We have seen you two lovey-dovey several times after we got here. Please take more care of us as we are still single.”
	“Are you just going to be so lovey-dovey every day? You fall in deep love with each other. When will you get married?”
	Jessica smiled and looked at Shawn.
	Shawn looked at that person who asked the question and smiled faintly.
	“Soon. I’m going to formally propose marriage to her family and then get married after her part is finished.”
	Hearing his answer, these people became more surprised.
	Then they even directly gathered around them and asked about their marriage.
	Seeing this, Natalia lowered her head.
	Natalia curled her lips slightly and then went into the room.
	Not far away, Shawn had actually seen her. When he glanced at her and found she went back into her room, he felt his heart aching.
	Someone pulled him and said, “Mr. Miller, since you are getting married to Jessica, and we and Jessica are also friends who have shot a drama together, so don’t forget to invite us when you get married.”
	Shawn came back to his senses and smiled, “That’s for sure.”
	The most popular actresses in this set were Natalia and Jessica. The rest were just all nobodies. It was their time to make a breakthrough now.
	Usually, they naturally had no chance to talk to someone as rich as Shawn, and because of this, they could only covet the life of the people in his circle.
	They didn’t expect that Shawn would agree with them. Everyone was immediately overjoyed.
	They chatted for a long while before they dispersed.
	Jessica put down the drink in her hand, wiped the non-existent sweat at the corner of her forehead, and then said to Shawn, “Shawn, it’s a little hot outside. Why don’t we go to the lounge?”
	Shawn nodded.
	There were three lounges in total, one for the heroine Natalia, one for Jessica, and one shared by the other actors.
	Since there were not many people on the set, those three lounges were close to each other, and they could not hear people speaking from a different lounge.
	Jessica took Shawn back to her room. The staff all left. Only they two were in this room.
	Immediately after those people left, Shawn, who had been wearing a gentle smile on his face before, appeared grim.
	Seeing his complexion, Jessica was stunned and didn’t know what to do.
	She took Shawn’s hand and cautiously asked, “Shawn, what’s wrong with you?”
	Shawn looked at her with a grim face and said in a deep voice, “What’s going on with the video?”
	Jessica’s spine stiffened.
	She forced a smile, “Director Langes is strict. I didn’t feel well these days, so my acting may not be that good. But Shawn, you believe me. I can act well in this drama. I will not give you shame.”
	Shawn frowned.
	“Now the public is talking pretty ill of you. The company has made a lot of efforts for your comeback and even taken the risk to get the contract of Kalaneige for you. At this critical juncture, you must not have an accident.”
	Jessica’s eyes suddenly widened after hearing his words.
	“What? Kalaneige?”
	Shawn nodded.
	“Because of what happened in the past, almost all your contracts were withdrawn, which is not good for your future development. That’s why the company have tried its best to get you this contract. You must not let me down.”
	Jessica hurriedly nodded her head.
	She almost wept with tears of joy.
	“Shawn, don’t worry! I will definitely work hard and will never let you down.”
	Shawn nodded and reached out his hand to fondle her hair.
	“I knew it. You are the best. After all, if we lose this contract again, the compensation for breach of contract will be ten times the endorsement fee, and you don’t want our family to become bankrupt because of you, right?”
Chapter 202 That Was Impossible
	His voice was extremely soft and gentle, but when Jessica heard that, she was greatly shocked.
	“What? Ten times?”
	“Of course. Otherwise, how could the company get this contract for you.”
	“But this…”
	“What? Don’t you have confidence?”
	Jessica was stunned.
	She looked at Shawn. Although Shawn still appeared gentle, Jessica felt he had changed.
	She didn’t know since when it was, but she could no longer feel the love in his eyes. Although he was smiling, she could feel his gaze was very cold, which even made her heart tremble.
	She gulped nervously, and half a moment later, she nodded her head.
	“I understand. I’m confident. You don’t have to worry about me.”
	“That’s good.”
	Shawn let go of her hand and turned away, playing with a porcelain teapot on the table with one hand.
	Jessica thought about it and suddenly asked, “Shawn, are you serious about our wedding?”
	Shawn’s hand playing with the teapot trembled. Then he nodded.
	“Yes.”
	Jessica was instantly elated.
	“Then when will we get married?”
	“After you successfully become the new brand ambassador of Kalaneige!”
	After saying that, he put the teapot in his hand aside, turned to look at her, and curled up his lips.
	“Jessica, you will definitely become the brightest star of Century Entertainment, right?”
	Jessica raised her head, looked into his eyes, and nodded firmly.
	“Yes, I will.”
	Shawn fondled her hair with satisfaction. His tone also went gentle, “Don’t worry. Until then, I will try my best to be a good boyfriend in front of the public and will never embarrass you.”
	Only then did Jessica smile at ease. She hugged his waist and leaned into his arms.
	“Shawn, you are so nice to me.”
	Shawn did not say anything else. He gently patted her back. They stayed alone for a while longer before he left.
	After Shawn left, Julia came over immediately.
	She also wore a delighted smile. When she saw Jessica, she immediately ran to her joyfully.
	“Jessica, good news!”
	Jessica glanced at her, “Is it about Kalaneige?”
	Julia was stunned.
	“You already know about it?”
	Jessica smiled smugly.
	“Just now, Shawn came over and has already told me in advance.”
	Hearing that Shawn had come over, Julia was naturally happy.
	After all, since the love affair between Jessica and Shawn was made public, it had gained the favor of many people.
	Shawn was the young master of Miller Prosperities. He was very young, handsome and rich. He also operated the Century Entertainment, so many people knew him.
	Before letting the public knew his relationship with Jessica, most people had been familiar with him. They knew what kind of man he was. Among those rich second-generations who were promiscuous, he was still outstanding.
	Therefore, as soon as his relationship with Jessica was made public and people knew that they were engaged since childhood, everyone was naturally very happy.
	Everyone just loved seeing them together, since their love story was almost as surreal as those in dramas.
	Jessica’s image had naturally improved because of this.
	After all, it was nothing for an actress to marry into a rich family.
	She and Shawn were both from a rich and powerful family and were engaged since childhood. And they got along well with each other for so many years and would get married soon. That’s so sweet.
	Even if more scandals broke out, as long as it was not a fatal one, it would not have a great impact on Jessica because of her relationship with Shawn.
	Therefore, this also meant that the relationship between her and Shawn must not go wrong.
	In a way, her image had been greatly impacted because of the scandal last year.
	If her relationship with Shawn also went sour, then she would be literally helpless.
	Jessica sure knew this. After thinking for a while, she asked, “Julia, when will they come over to sign the contract?”
	Julia said, “A few days later. When you finish the scenes for these days, I’ll ask Vicente for a leave and then you can go over.”
	Jessica nodded. She was actually relieved. Then she heard Julia ask, “I’ve heard others talk about Shawn’s visit these days. Have you reconciled with him now?”
	Jessica was stunned and then thought of something. She smiled and nodded.
	“Sort of.”
	Julia sighed, “During the last few days, he didn’t come over to you even once. I also felt he treated you coldly and was afraid you got problems. It seems that I had worried too much.”
	Thinking about this, Jessica felt her heart pause for a moment.
	She thought of what Shawn said before he left just now.
	“Don’t worry. Until then, I will try my best to be a good boyfriend in front of the public and will never embarrass you.”
	In front of the public?
	Her expression changed slightly, and only then did she finally understand what he really meant. Her heart trembled violently.
	Could it be that everything he’s doing now, all the tenderness and concern he’s showing, was just acting in front of the public?
	No, it couldn’t be.
	Shawn loved her.
	He would rather break up with Natalia, who was with him for six years. How could he give up on her?
	Yes, that was impossible.
	Absolutely impossible.
	Jessica tried to calm herself down. Julia noticed that she did not look well and asked with concern, “What’s wrong with you? Do you feel uncomfortable?”
	Jessica shook her head.
	“I’m fine, Julia. Please follow up on the endorsement contract for me. The shooting will begin soon. I need to make some preparations. You can go out now.”
	Seeing this, Julia just nodded and didn’t say anything more. Then she left.
	So, only Jessica was left alone in the room.
	Jessica then sat down on a chair in despair. She covered her chest and closed her eyes.
	‘Shawn, you must not leave me.’
	‘I made great efforts to let you break up with Natalia.’
	‘You must not let me down!’
	At that moment, in another lounge.
	After a while, Natalia felt better and found that it was almost time, so she was ready to go to the makeup room to let the makeup artist fix her makeup before shooting.
	However, unexpectedly, just as she walked to the door, she saw a person walking towards her.
	She was slightly surprised and stopped.
	After a while, she showed a mocking smile.
	“Hey, Mr. Miller! Are you here to see me?”
	Shawn stood there, somewhat embarrassed.
	For a moment, Shawn covered his mouth with his hands and coughed lightly. He looked at Natalia seriously and said sincerely, “Natalia, can I talk to you?”
Chapter 203 He'd Got A Child
	Natalia was stunned and felt even more surprised.
	She originally wanted to refuse him directly, but when she suddenly caught a glimpse of another lounge not far away, she agreed.
	“Okay, come in!”
	Shawn followed her into the lounge.
	Natalia did not want to exchange conventional greetings with him at all. After walking into the room, she leaned towards the table, held her arms, and directly asked him, “What do you want to tell me?”
	This made Shawn a little embarrassed.
	He didn’t know why. The words he had thought about in his mind countless times just couldn’t be said at the moment he looked into her eyes.
	After a while, he forced a smile, “Nothing. I haven’t talked to you seriously for a long time. I just want to have a chat with you.”
	Natalia just curled up her lips and didn’t make too much reaction.
	“That’s really embarrassing. I’m not Jessica. I’m not interested in married men. Since you don’t have anything serious to tell me, we don’t have to have this talk here.”
	She said, then stood up and walked out.
	Shawn panicked, and he quickly reached out his hand to pull her back.
	“Wait.”
	Natalia frowned.
	A wave of nausea swept over her. She violently shook off his hand, took two steps back and looked at him coldly.
	Shawn’s hand froze in mid-air.
	He was stunned. He found Natalia didn’t look well. Natalia took a silk handkerchief out from her bag and wiped the wrist he had just held and then threw the handkerchief in the nearby trash bin.
	“Don’t touch me! Just say what you want to say.”
	Shawn felt his throat blocked and suddenly had a particularly uncomfortable feeling.
	He felt that his heart was covered by something. It was stuffy, but it didn’t hurt very much. He just couldn’t say anything.
	He pursed his lips. After several seconds, he said softly, “Okay, then I’ll come to the point.”
	Natalia appeared very calm and wasn’t willing to give him a look.
	Although Shawn felt uncomfortable in his heart, he also knew that everything now was the fruits of his own actions. He couldn’t say anything to defend himself.
	So, he said directly, “I went to Eqitin a few days ago.”
	Natalia raised her eyebrows, “What does this have to do with me?”
	Shawn said in a deep voice, “Listen to me. Guess whom I met?”
	Natalia was really not interested in guessing it, so she said directly, “I don’t know.”
	Shawn was stunned.
	The undisguised rejection and impatience in her attitude made his sense of suppression in the chest even stronger.
	He took a deep breath and said seriously, “I met Archie.”
	Natalia was struck dumb.
	“I saw with my own eyes that he was with a four or five-year-old girl. The child called him daddy. I think you should understand what this means, right?”
	Natalia was completely stunned.
	Noticing the change in her expression, Shawn let out a slight sigh of relief in his heart and continued, “Originally I didn’t want to tell you about this, but I really don’t want to see you cheated by him. He is not a good man for you. You won’t be happy being with him.”
	“He even dared to lie to you about having a child. Maybe he hides more from you. Natalia, you must think about it carefully. Don’t risk your future.”
	Natalia finally changed her expression again after a few seconds.
	She looked at Shawn with a puzzled expression, “Who told you that he hides this from me?”
	Shawn said with deep hatred and resentment, “Don’t you believe me? He has a child…”
	“He has a child. I know that.”
	Shawn, “…”
	Natalia gave him the cold shoulder and twitched her mouth in dissatisfaction.
	“I thought you would tell me something really important. Just this? Shawn, don’t you feel it boring? Don’t waste my time, okay?”
	Shawn, “????”
	“You don’t mind?”
	“Why should I mind?”
	Natalia laughed twice as if she had heard a big joke.
	“Shawn, you came here and talked so ambiguously to me. What reaction do you want to get from me? Angry? Sad? Disappointed or furious?”
	“Do you expect we will get divorced and leave each other for good? Just because of this?”
	“I’m sorry. You are wrong. Not only do I not mind, but I also like Anne very much. She is also my daughter. Do you understand?”
	Shawn was completely stunned.
	Before he came, he had imagined all the different kinds of reactions Natalia might have in his heart.
	He didn’t expect the result to be like this.
	He shook his head, “Haven’t you always valued loyalty the most? He hid it from you, and you don’t hate him?”
	Natalia slightly lowered her head, “No.”
	Why must she hate her?
	It was not because of love that they were with each other.
	At that time, they couldn’t tell everything to each other. She had also hidden something from him.
	Shawn couldn’t understand it.
	“Well, to take a step back, even if you don’t hate him for lying to you, that child is not your own! Have you ever thought about how difficult it will be for you to get along with each other in the future? It’s hard to be a stepmother. You should understand, right?”
	Natalia sneered.
	“Thank you for worrying about me, but don’t worry, Anne likes me a lot and I like her a lot. I think we can get along well with each other.”
	Shawn, “…”
	Shawn was so angry.
	“Natalia, just think. Even if she likes you now, she still has her own biological mother!”
	“Have you ever thought that no matter how much he loves you now, he still loved another woman before and even had a child with that woman?”
	“Now that woman is not here, you can be a happy family living together, but what if she comes back?”
	“Are you sure that woman has no place in Archie’s heart? She gave birth to a child for him.”
	“If they are still in love, if that woman comes back one day, will that child like you as much as now? Do you really think that you can take the place of her real mother? Do you really think that you can replace her for Archive?””
	Natalia froze.
	She looked at him without any expression on her face.
	Shawn gasped and said with deep hatred and resentment, “Natalia, don’t be silly. He is not suitable for you at all! Do not bring destruction to yourself! By then, you will lose everything and get hurt! This is my most sincere advice to you!”
	Natalia was silent for a while.
	For a moment, she said calmly, “Oh, I know.”
	Shawn, “???”
	‘Why won’t you just care?’
	Natalia curled up her lips slightly and smiled.
	“Shawn, you’re actually quite strange.”
Chapter 204 Have A Midnight Snack
	“We have come to an open break in our love with each other. I think you will laugh at me and rebuke me after seeing that I was cheated by Archie.”
	“Have you been stung by your conscience and wanted to do something so that you can feel better? You even tried to alienate me from Archie today! What good will it do you? Do you still like me and don’t want me to live a happy life with Archie?”
	Natalia finished. She looked at him and gave a half smile.
	Shawn was speechless.
	He seemed to have been found doing something wrong.
	He hurriedly lowered his head and said, “Natalia! I’m genuinely warning you. You can’t think I’m joking.”
	Natalia just nodded in all apparent seriousness.
	“Oh, I see. So, you still can’t forget about me, you like me and you want me to break up with Archie?”
	Shawn, “…”
	Natalia shook her head.
	“Unfortunately, a good horse will never turn round to graze on an old pasture. Shawn, we broke up all because of you. Even if I break up with Archie, I will never be with you again. You are doing this just in vain.”
	Shawn was excited by her words for no reason.
	His heart was beating faster and faster, like the dense raindrops which fell down from the sky really quickly.
	He licked his dry lips and said in a deep voice, “I didn’t expect you to come back to me again. I … I know you hate me. Naturally, I can’t expect anything. I just hope you won’t get hurt again. I was just trying to pay back what I owed you.”
	Natalia suddenly felt it ridiculous, but she held back her laughter.
	She calmed her down and said seriously, “Okay, I know it. If there’s nothing else, then you can go out now!”
	Shawn looked at her, wanting to say something but then stopped.
	But in the end, he said nothing and just left.
	Until the door of the lounge closed and Shawn went far away, she laughed out.
	Nancy walked in and saw Natalia laughing there. She was somewhat puzzled.
	“Natalia, what’s wrong with you? Why are you laughing like this?”
	Natalia waved her hand. After a while, she barely managed to stop laughing and said, “Nothing. I just, I just experienced something really funny.”
	Nancy was curious, “What’s going on?”
	“Just now Shawn came in. Guess what he said to me?”
	Nancy was stunned and shook her head.
	“I can’t.”
	So Natalia told her what had just happened.
	After hearing that, Nancy felt speechless.
	“He’s so sick! How dare he alienate you from Mr. McCarthy! Does he still think himself innocent and noble and want you to feel grateful to him?”
	Natalia almost laughed herself into convulsions. After a long time, she patted her chest to smooth her breath and said, “Maybe! But he probably didn’t expect me to already know about it, so he seemed quite disappointed when he left.”
	Nancy sneered and skimmed her lips.
	“The young master of Miller Prosperities is so vicious that he can even come to you and want to turn you again Mr. McCarthy. Does he deserve to be compared with Mr. McCarthy? It’s ridiculous!”
	Natalia shook her head, “He has been like this for a long time. By the way, has Archie returned to Eqitin recently?”
	Nancy was stunned, and then quickly replied, “Yes. You were in the middle of shooting at that time. I answered his call. But I was too busy after that and forgot about it.”
	Natalia nodded.
	“It’s okay. It’s quite late. Let’s go over.”
	“Okay.”
	The night’s scene was shot successfully.
	Although Jessica caused them to NG several times, it was much better than before.
	Vicente wasn’t even willing to scold her anymore. He could see that Jessica could play well when she was opposite any other actors.
	But whenever she played opposite Natalia, she would make mistakes.
	She would either forget the lines or be in a bad state.
	At this point, Vicente sure had known that Natalia was trying to make things difficult for Jessica.
	But what surprised him was that Natalia’s acting could be so good even if it was her first time to star in any drama.
	There were indeed some actors who had an intimidating aura.
	Some experienced actors could perfectly integrate the character’s temperament with themselves and show their own personality via the character.
	In the middle of shooting, other actors might find their aura either inspiring or intimidating.
	If they found it inspiring, they could bring out the best of each other, but they found it intimidating, no matter how hard the actor might try, he would still feel suppressed by such an aura.
	Of course, usually only actors with at least ten years of experience could have such an aura.
	But Natalia was born with it, and Vicente was also very surprised.
	But since he knew that the problem was not with Jessica, Vicente was relieved.
	After all, although he didn’t like Jessica either, he had signed a contract with her. The drama had to be filmed. If he wasted one more day, he would have wasted the budget for an extra day. He also had to consider the whole crew and wouldn’t let Natalia toss about it.
	So, after work that night, Vicente went to Natalia and wanted to talk to her.
	Natalia seemed to have expected that he would come to her. She waited there after finishing her parts.
	When she saw him approaching, Natalia smiled and asked, “Hungry? Do you want to have a snack together with me?”
	Vicente touched his stomach and nodded, “Okay! Then let’s go to the restaurant across the street.”
	Natalia agreed.
	There was a barbecue restaurant across the street. They learned from their previous experience. Instead of sitting outside at this time, they ordered a box inside.
	Nancy knew they want to talk about something, so she did not follow inside, and just waited outside.
	As soon as they sat down and ordered their food, Natalia said directly to him, “Director Langes, are you looking for me today for the matter of Jessica?”
	Vicente didn’t expect that she took the initiative to mention it. He felt surprised, but didn’t deny it, and just nodded.
	“I know that although you are sisters, there are some problems between you two. I am not sure exactly what’s wrong with you, but that is all your private matters. In the set, I still hope that you can consider the whole crew and not bring in too many personal grudges, because it will affect our progress.”
	Natalia nodded.
	“I understand. I am also sorry about this. But there is something maybe you don’t know.”
	Vicente froze for a while and then said blankly, “What’s it?”
	While arranging their forks and knives, Natalia said, “I caught the person who took the picture of me entering your room and spread it online to frame us.”
Chapter 205 Make An Issue
	Vicente was shocked!
	His pupils dilated and he asked angrily, “Who is it?”
	Natalia looked at him and wore a mocking smile, “Jessica.”
	“What?”
	Vicente was surprised.
	Not only him, but anyone in their set must be surprised to hear this answer.
	It’s not that he didn’t think Jessica could do this, but that this didn’t do Jessica any good.
	As was known to all, because of the scandal, Jessica’s career seemed to be on a downward trajectory. She seldom had the chance to appear in any dramas.
	In order to make a successful comeback, she spent a lot of effort and finally got the chance to play the lead in this drama. She would try her best not to let the audience down.
	Because of this, the drama was particularly important for her.
	If something bad happened to both the director and the leading roles, the shooting would certainly be affected. If it became serious, the drama might not even get the chance to go on air.
	Then she would be affected since she also starred in this drama.
	So, why had she done this?
	To make her career worse?
	To make other actors fail?
	Vicente didn’t know why Jessica had done this to them.
	Natalia smiled. She poured him a cup of tea and poured herself a cup too.
	Then she sarcastically said, “Although she has gotten something, she has also lost something that was worth even more. Although there are not many such fools in the world, there is no denying that there are still such fools.”
	Vicente was so angry that he directly slapped his hand on the table.
	“I couldn’t figure out who was framing us before, so it was her? Damn it! She’s trying to get you down and even the whole production down, isn’t she?”
	Natalia laughed.
	Compared to Vicente’s anger, she was just so calm.
	Vicente glanced at her, and suddenly felt a little suspicious.
	“Do you have any evidence?”
	Natalia sipped the tea and nodded, “Of course.”
	She took the phone out of her bag and played a video.
	In the video, it was Rosa’s voice. She clearly explained why and how Jessica had ordered her to do those things.
	Vicente’s eyes widened as he listened.
	“Damn it! That bitch!”
	After the video came to an end, Natalia took back her mobile phone and said, “I suspect she was the one who photographed us in the restaurant and spread the word.”
	To this point, Vicente naturally would no longer doubt her words.
	Vicente looked gloomy. He was very angry. He gritted his teeth and stared ahead.
	“I see. She can even play tricks behind my back. It seems that I underestimated her before! Natalia, don’t worry. Since we have got all the evidence, I will never tolerate it! She doesn’t seem to want to keep her role anymore!”
	Natalia raised her eyebrows.
	“You want to kick her out of the cast?”
	“Of course! I can’t leave such a scourge in our cast! Otherwise, I don’t know what will happen later.”
	Natalia shook her head.
	“It would be such a waste.”
	Vicente froze.
	Natalia worked out the accounts for him.
	“More than half of the drama has been shot now. It will be finished in a month at most. The sidelights will be released in a few days too. Now it’s not cost-effective to replace her with a new actress.”
	Vicente was so angry.
	“You want me to let it go?”
	“Of course not.”
	Natalia laughed, “If we just forget about it, then why did I still keep this video?”
	Vicente was stunned.
	“Director Langes, do you know why I didn’t let you clarify the gossip before?”
	Vicente shook his head.
	“I want to make use of this to do something important.”
	Natalia stared at him and smiled, “Jessica has let the public pay so much attention to us, so we should make use of this.”
	Vicente subconsciously frowned.
	“You mean we have to take advantage of this issue and overhype it?”
	Natalia shook her head, “This is not hyping. We just take advantage of it to give publicity to our new drama.”
	She showed a wicked smile, “Anyway, we have the truth in hand. In the end, we won’t lose anything. Why don’t we enjoy the attention for a while?”
	Vicente froze for a while before he understood what she meant.
	“But this ...... is too unfair to you.”
	After all, the previous scandal still had quite a big impact on Natalia’s reputation.
	Now she had got the recording, but she didn’t choose to make it public. It’s unfair for a girl to let others speculate about her private matters.
	However, Natalia did not care about this.
	She said in a low voice, “No! I’m just delaying the announcement of the recording. Since Jessica dares to do such a thing, she has to pay her due price for it, doesn’t she?”
	Vicente was silent for a few seconds and then nodded, “Okay, you can take care of this issue! Until then, I’ll just pretend I have known nothing.”
	Now that he had agreed, she also showed a smile.
	“Thank you, Director Langes.”
	After finishing their snack, they went back to the hotel.
	Just after getting into her room, Natalia received a call from Archie.
	She thought of what Shawn told her today and told Archie.
	Archie sneered on the phone, “He still wants to pursue you?”
	Natalia’s eyes rolled, “I didn’t know that. Maybe he doesn’t want me to live a happy life, so he came to me to disgust me.”
	Archie snorted disdainfully.
	“He doesn’t deserve to appear in front of you. I’ll have someone to get rid of him.”
	Natalia hurriedly stopped him.
	“Hey, don’t! I’m still waiting to see what will happen later!”
	“What?”
	Natalia then told him what had happened recently, as well as her plan.
	After hearing her plan, he was silent for a moment.
	“Natalia, you will not use these tricks against me in the future, right?”
	Just how vicious this woman could be? That was horrible!
	Natalia’s eyes narrowed and said, “Then will you bully me in the future?”
	“No!”
	He almost instantly made a reply, and repeatedly assured, “You are the only one who I won’t ever bully in my life!”
	Only then did Natalia nod in satisfaction.
	“Well, that’s good.”
	After talking a little longer, they hung up the phone.
	The next day, Shawn came to visit the set again early in the morning.
	This time, he also brought the soup prepared by his servant for Jessica.
	He said Jessica had worked so hard in the set and she was thinner than before.
	The actresses and staff on the set were all very envious. They said that Jessica was so lucky to Mr. Miller, such a considerate and gentle man. He was also constant in love.
Chapter 206 Politeness and Hypocrisy
	Most importantly, Shawn was the general manager and future successor of Miller Group.
	Although Miller Group was not as powerful as tycoons like McCarthy Properties, it was at least one of the biggest groups in Julio.
	As the general manager of such a company, Shawn must be very busy every day.
	But he was willing to put aside his work and come here in person to bring Jessica soup. What a great boyfriend?
	All the actors and actresses there were envious and moved.
	Of course, Jessica felt happy and satisfied about it. The big smile on her face was so obvious when she took the thermal lunch box from Shawn.
	She even shared the soup sent by Shawn with several actresses. Those actresses were surprised and even screamed for that.
	Natalia's lips twitched when she saw this.
	She suddenly remembered what Shawn had said to her last night.
	Natalia wondered what Jessica would do if she knew this.
	Thinking of this, Natalia suddenly had an evil idea and subconsciously grinned.
	"Nancy, since Jessica loves Shawn so much, what if they break up one day? She will be crazy, won’t she?"
	Nancy was stunned, and then curled her lips in disgust.
	"They are a perfect match. A j*rk and a b*tch. They should never break up with each other in case that they hurt others. It's good for them to be together."
	Natalia nodded, "You're right."
	After a pause, she squinted and smiled again.
	"But there is always a sullen blow on the way of love. Do you think so?"
	Nancy didn't understand what Natalia meant, but Natalia didn't explain, so Nancy couldn’t ask too much.
	After a while, people around there finally left. Jessica held Shawn's arm and walked towards the dressing room.
	Seeing this, Natalia said to Nancy, "It's about time. Let's go to make up as well."
	Nancy nodded.
	As soon as the two entered the dressing room, they heard Jessica saying to Shawn in a coquettish tone, "Shawn, the soup you just brought is delicious. Can you bring more to me tomorrow?"
	Shawn held her hand and touched her head dotingly. "Okay."
	"Shawn, you are so kind to me."
	"It's because our Jessica deserves it."
	Natalia and Nancy who just got to the door couldn't help getting goosebumps when they heard this.
	EHHHHHHH!
	Did Jessica really say such sweet and hypocritical words to Shawn, not to show something to those around her?
	Taking a deep breath, Natalia felt sick of it. She tried to control her feeling and walked inside.
	"Natalia, you are here too!"
	Jessica saw her and hurriedly greeted her with a smile.
	Instead of giving her a cold face, Natalia nodded with a smile and said to the stylist next to her, "Please."
	The stylist was familiar with Natalia. Just now, she was also speechless and didn’t want to watch Jessica and Shawn’s show. Seeing Natalia coming, she seemed to see a savior. She quickly said, "You are finally here."
	With a knowing smile, Natalia sat down on the chair.
	The budget of the crew was limited. There were only two dressing rooms, one for supporting roles and extras, and the other for the main actors and actresses.
	The makeup of an actress was complicated, so they usually came early. At this time, besides the stylist and Shawn, there were only two people in the makeup room, Natalia and Jessica.
	Taking a look at Natalia, Jessica put on a smug smile and suddenly said, "Sis, I heard the rumor about you and Mr. Langes on the Internet is getting more and more weird. Are you okay?"
	Shawn paused.
	He also turned to look at Natalia.
	Of course, he knew the news on the Internet, but he believed that Natalia was not that kind of person.
	Although he didn't know why Vicente chose Natalia, who had never starred in any works, instead of so many experienced actresses, to play the heroine, he knew what kind of person Natalia was.
	It was easy for Natalia to get such opportunities with the dirty deal, but Natalia had never done it. This time, it was just an unknown web series, and naturally it was impossible for Natalia to do that.
	Natalia didn't expect that Shawn would be so confident in her.
	She sat there and said lazily, "It's good. I eat well and sleep well. What's wrong? Are you worried about me?"
	"Of course, no matter what, you are my sister after all. The blood relationship can't be changed. Since such a thing happened to you, of course I will care about you."
	With a fake smile on her face, Natalia looked at Jessica and said, "Thank you very much, but don't worry. I've asked someone to investigate this matter. I believe the result will be revealed soon."
	Jessica raised her eyebrows.
	"That's good. Since you’re innocent, I hope you can find out the truth as soon as possible and prove your innocence."
	"Thank you, my sister."
	The two sisters talked to each other. Although they said that they cared about each other, the ridiculous politeness and falsehood in their tone were undisguised.
	The two stylists couldn't help feeling embarrassed.
	They only heard that the relationship between the two sisters was not good, but they did not expect it to be like this.
	Fortunately, they were still friendly on the surface. Otherwise, it would be more embarrassing to stay with them in the same room.
	Everyone was secretly worried that the two of them might have a fight there. Suddenly, Natalia asked, "By the way, have you found your missing assistant?"
	Jessica got angry at the mention of it.
	But she couldn't show it in front of Natalia.
	So she just gritted her teeth secretly and smiled hypocritically, "Not yet! But there shouldn't be anything wrong. I've asked someone to look for her. Don't worry."
	Natalia nodded and said, "That's good. After all, she's your assistant and has followed you for a long time. It's good if she's fine. If something happens to her, you should also take the responsibility, right?"
	Clenching her fists with anger, Jessica didn't answer.
	Strangely enough, since Rosa disappeared that night, Jessica had asked people to look for her everywhere, even including the hospital.
	But she couldn't find Rosa, as if Rosa had suddenly disappeared from the world.
	At first, she thought that Rosa was caught by Natalia when Rosa went to steal something from Natalia.
	But later, the rumor on the Internet became fierce, and Natalia didn't respond. If Natalia really caught Rosa, she would definitely force Rosa to tell her the truth, and then prove her innocence.
	But Natalia didn't, which meant that she didn't catch Rosa.
	Jessica breathed a sigh of relief when she thought of this.
	However, Rosa's whereabouts were still unknown, which made her feel nervous.
	She didn't know where this d*mn girl had gone! When she found Rosa, she would teach her an impressive lesson!
	Thinking of this, a merciless light flashed over in Jessica’s eyes.
	Shawn sensed the tension between the two, but he didn't know what to say.
Chapter 207 She Becomes A Burden
	After sitting for a while, Shawn found that it was already late and the two had almost finished their makeup. He stood up and said, "It's late. I have to go back to the company."
	Jessica frowned with unwillingness.
	"Why do you leave so soon? Can you stay with me for a little longer?"
	Shawn explained patiently, "I have something to deal with in the company. Besides, you don't have time to talk to me when you are filming later. I'd better not disturb you."
	Jessica nodded and agreed.
	"All right! I'll see you out. You must come to see me tomorrow."
	Shawn agreed.
	Shawn and Natalia turned around and walked out. However, after they took several steps, a clear voice suddenly came from behind.
	"Wait!"
	The two of them turned around and saw Natalia sitting on the chair. She frowned and looked at them.
	"Shawn, I have something to ask you."
	Jessica looked at her warily. "Shawn is in a hurry to go back to work. If you have any questions, you can ask him next time."
	She didn't know why, but when she looked into Natalia's eyes, she always felt that something bad would happen.
	So it was the wisest choice not to let Natalia talk to Shawn.
	However, both Natalia and Shawn wouldn’t listen to Jessica.
	Shawn paused and asked, "What's the matter? Go ahead."
	Natalia smiled and stood up.
	"Are you sure what you said to me last night is true?"
	Shawn was shocked.
	Natalia sighed with a look of loss on her face. "If it's true, maybe I have misunderstood you these days. I want to say sorry to you here. Thank you for your reminder. I'll be careful in the future."
	Shawn didn't expect that she would ask such a question.
	Countless thoughts flashed through his mind, and countless emotions welled up in her heart.
	Happy, moved, relieved, guilty, and lost... What a mixed feeling…
	Jessica didn't know what they were talking about, but she had a bad feeling. She looked at the two of them vigilantly and suspiciously.
	"Shawn, last night... Didn't you leave after you went out of my lounge directly? Why did you... and my sister..."
	Shawn was stunned for a while. When he came to his senses, he explained in a hurry, "Oh, I remembered something at that time, so I told her by the way."
	Jessica's face changed.
	"Why don't I know?"
	"It's not something important. I didn't mention it to you."
	"But..."
	"Shawn." Natalia interrupted Jessica directly and smiled at Shawn. "Don't worry. I won't be like what you are worried about. In return, I also remind you of one thing."
	Noticing that she was serious, Shawn also immediately became serious and nodded, "Go ahead."
	Natalia glanced at Jessica, who was in a panic.
	With a mysterious smile on her face, she continued, "Although Miller Group has been reputable in Julio for many years and has a firm foundation, the competition is fierce now. Even a slight mistake will make you lose everything.”
	"As the young master of Miller Group, I hope you can pay more attention to the people around you, and don't let them become your burden in the future."
	Shawn was shocked.
	He looked at her in disbelief.
	Jessica, on the other hand, suddenly screamed like a cat being stepped on in its tail.
	"Natalia! What do you mean? Who do you think is Shawn's burden?"
	Natalia glanced at her indifferently.
	She put on a fake smile and said, "Why are you so nervous? I didn't say anything about you. You should be confident in yourself. Why are you so eager to get yourself involved just because I mentioned such a matter?"
	Jessica was speechless.
	Shawn pulled a long face and glanced at Jessica, with a touch of disgust and impatience in his eyes.
	"I know. Don't worry. I will pay attention to this matter."
	Natalia nodded, then didn’t say anything else, and left with Nancy.
	After she left, the other two stylists realized that something would happen, so they also went out.
	There were only Jessica and Shawn left in the dressing room.
	Holding his arm, Jessica looked up at Shawn and explained nervously, "Shawn, please trust me. I will work hard for you and won't let you down. Don't listen to her nonsense."
	Shawn looked down at her, but the tenderness on his face was gone.
	He said in a cold voice, "Of course I trust you. Besides, Natalia might not be talking about you. Why are you so nervous?"
	Jessica was rendered speechless.
	How could she not be nervous?
	She had just signed a contract with Century Entertainment, but then the scandal in the school broke out. The endorsements and contracts she had had all been denied, and she had also paid a huge fortune for breaches of contract.
	Now, the rumor finally quieted down, and she got a role. However, just at such a critical moment for her to reappear, she met Natalia again, whose performance on the film set had repeatedly suppressed her.
	If she couldn’t take this opportunity for a comeback, or if she couldn’t perform well in this series, then she would have no more chance!
	This circle had always been cruel. There were more outstanding newcomers who just started their careers every day. She hadn't been heard of for half a year. Half a year was enough to make some people forget her.
	If she didn't have a piece of work to prove her innocence and ability, perhaps more people would forget her.
	At that time, Century Entertainment, which had put a lot of energy and budget on her, would definitely suffer a loss.
	The company had already paid quite a lot for her breach of contract, and the board of directors had long been dissatisfied with it. Now if she brought a loss again, as her boyfriend, Shawn would certainly be scolded by the board of directors.
	Although Miller Group was a family business, it was no longer a traditional family business after several major funding.
	Henry was still the largest shareholder of the company and held the final decision-making power, but he couldn't cover up Shawn if the board of directors unanimously expressed their opinion against Shawn, even if Shawn was his son.
	Just now, Natalia had made it clear. Miller Group had many companies, not only Century Entertainment, but undoubtedly Century Entertainment was the most profitable and the most promising one.
	If something went wrong here, it would be difficult for Shawn to win supports in Miller Group.
	As Shawn's fiancée, Jessica definitely understood this.
	That was why she was so nervous.
	Shawn looked down at her and smiled indifferently.
	"Jessica, we are about to get married soon, so we should trust each other and share weal and woe. So you don't have to take her words seriously. I trust you, just as I trust myself. Do you understand?"
	Hearing his words, Jessica finally felt relieved.
	She forced a smile and said, "I won’t worry as long as you trust me."
	After a pause, Jessica remembered what Natalia had said before she left. She asked in embarrassment, "Shawn, then... What ... What did you say to her last night?"
Chapter 208 It Hurts
	"Last night?"
	Shawn raised his eyebrows and thought for a while. "Nothing. It's just something unimportant."
	Jessica forced a fake smile.
	He went to find her just to say something unimportant, huh?
	Only a fool would believe it.
	But now Shawn was totally different from before. Even his temper and personality had changed. Sometimes she really couldn't understand what Shawn was thinking.
	Since he said so, she didn't dare to ask any more questions. She could only say in a soft voice, "It's good that there is nothing important. In fact, my sister has been in a bad mood these days because of the gossip about her affair with Mr. Langes. After all, you and she grew up together. If you can comfort her, it may also make her feel better."
	Shawn looked at her and sneered.
	"Won’t you be jealous of it if I go to comfort her?"
	Jessica shook her head immediately.
	"Of course not. She is my sister, and you are my husband. I will be happy if you get along well with each other. Why should I be jealous?"
	Shawn nodded with satisfaction.
	"Good girl."
	Jessica forced a smile.
	Shawn didn’t stay with Jessica for too long. He left soon.
	Back to the set, the sweet smile on Jessica's face that she put on when she had talked to Shawn before was totally gone. With a cold face, she walked to Natalia. Before everyone could react, she suddenly raised her hand.
	"Slap!"
	A crisp slap fell on Natalia’s face.
	Everyone was stunned.
	They stopped doing their work and looked at her in disbelief and confusion.
	The next second.
	"Slap! Slap! "
	Two hard slaps fell on Jessica's face.
	Jessica covered her face in disbelief, glared at Natalia and shouted angrily, "How dare you?"
	Natalia’s eyes were colder than hers.
	Behind Natalia, Nancy was pouring juice for Natalia, so she didn't have time to come over. When she saw that Natalia was slapped, she immediately flew into a rage and kicked Jessica in the chest.
	Natalia had just given Jessica two slaps in return for Jessica’s slap to her. Although it hurt, it was not really a big deal.
	Nancy kicked Jessica away mercilessly.
	"Natalia, are you okay?"
	Nancy looked back at Natalia nervously and sympathetically.
	Natalia was also stunned for a while. She didn't expect Jessica’s craziness. When she came to her sense again, she shook her head and said, "I'm fine."
	"Your face is swollen. How can you be fine? It's all my fault. I didn't notice her move. I just focus on pouring juice.”
	While Nancy was still blaming herself, the onlookers had already realized what had happened and couldn't help turning pale with fright.
	Rosa was missing, so the assistant beside Jessica was an older one called Ally.
	Ally screamed and rushed to Jessica, trying to help her up.
	"Jessica, are you okay? How do you feel?"
	Jessica covered her chest with her hand. Her face was red and swollen, and her lips were pale with pain. She struggled to sit up with the help of Ally. It took her a few seconds to calm down. She said in a weak voice, "My chest... It hurts so much."
	Ally was scared as she heard that.
	"What should I do? I... I'll call the ambulance right away and send you to the hospital. "
	Then she took out her phone and began to make a phone call.
	After the phone call, she turned around and glared at Natalia and Nancy.
	"You’re so merciless! How dare you! If anything happens to Jessica, you’ll pay much for it!"
	Natalia’s lips twitched.
	In fact, she didn't think it was necessary for Nancy to kick Jessica. Two slaps in return would be enough.
	But since Nancy had done it, Natalia also wouldn't blame her. She said coldly, "Anyone knows who started it! What? She slapped me first, but now I become the villain. I just defended myself. Isn’t it right?"
	The people around them all saw that it was Jessica who started the fight, so they didn't say anything.
	No one helped her, so Ally also knew it was not Natalia’s fault, but she was still not convinced.
	She said angrily, "Then you can't kick her! And you even asked your help to bully her together! Jessica even can’t stand up now. How can you do this to her?"
	To cooperate with Ally’s words, Jessica coughed and looked at them weakly.
	"Sis, no matter how much you hate me, you can't be so cruel to me! What's more, it's your fault first. How could you do that to me since you’re the one who has made mistake."
	Everyone was confused.
	Natalia was in the wrong first?
	What was going on?
	Natalia also raised her eyebrows. She didn't know what Jessica was talking about.
	Jessica continued with a sad look.
	"I know you hate me. Since I joined the team, I have been avoiding talking to you and don't want to cause any trouble. But what have you done? You tried to sow discord between Shawn and me. You know how important he is to me! You... "
	"What? Natalia tried to sow discord between Mr. Miller and Jessica?"
	"Oh my God! How could she do that? She doesn't seem to be that vicious."
	"Who knows what she was thinking? At least we can’t."
	"Maybe she is jealous of her sister. After all, Jessica has such a good boyfriend, but Natalia is still alone!"
	"Hey, I have a piece of news. You know what? Natalia didn't live in the Dawson family. It's said that she was driven out of the family. Even her family hated her like that. Is it because of her bad personality?"
	"It can’t be like this! I think she is a nice person since I get along well with her. I don't think there is anything wrong with her personality."
	"Well, are you familiar with her? We are actually not her friends. Of course, she won't do anything to you."
	"That's right. After all, even if she has a bad personality, she is not a mad dog. It's impossible for her to bite everyone. Jessica is her sister, and it is said that Jessica is the daughter of her stepmother. Of course, she is jealous and unwilling to accept Jessica."
	"So what Jessica said is true..."
	The people around them began to talk about it. Hearing this, Nancy was furious and her face darkened.
	When she was about to say something, she was stopped by Natalia.
	Natalia glanced at Jessica indifferently and stepped forward.
	"You said that I tried to sow discord between you and Shawn. Then can you tell me how I did that?"
	Jessica was stunned and didn't know what to say.
	Natalia squatted down in front of Jessica.
	"I just kindly reminded him to pay more attention to the people around him. Don't be taken advantage of by others to cause trouble to Miller Group. But you think I was sowing discord between you and him. Jessica, you've been with Shawn for several years. Are you still not confident enough in yourself?"
	Jessica blushed with anger, "You!"
	"And..." All of a sudden, Natalia bent over and stared at Jessica coldly. She lowered her voice and said, "Have you forgotten how you were able to be with him?”
	"Or did you choose to forget what you’ve done before because you've been being his girlfriend for too long? Maybe that is just the reason why you’re so brave to speak such words to me in front of so many people, isn’t that?”
Chapter 209 Ruined
	Jessica's pupils widened suddenly.
	She looked at Natalia in shock and horror.
	"What do you want to do? You promised..."
	"I promised Uncle Miller not to talk to anyone about the relationship between the three of us, but that's based on the premise that you don't provoke me. Now you want to provoke me."
	Natalia sneered with a cruel light in her eyes.
	"So I also have no need to keep my words. Let’s see if you can still keep the thing that you have stolen from me."
	"You!"
	Natalia got up, didn't bother to talk to her anymore and left straight away.
	Ally didn't hear what they just said. Seeing that Natalia left like this, she got very angry.
	"Jessica, we should call the police or call Mr. Miller! How dare she hurt you like this? We must not let her go!"
	Jessica was angry and clenched her fists.
	Hearing Ally’s words, she turned around and glared at Ally, gnashing her teeth.
	"Call the police?"
	Ally didn't understand why Jessica showed such an expression. She nodded blankly.
	"Yes."
	Unexpectedly, Jessica suddenly got angry and pushed her away. "Get out!"
	Ally was confused.
	She didn't know what mistake she had made, but she could clearly feel Jessica's anger. She thought that Jessica was still angry with Natalia, so she hurried to help Jessica up.
	"Jessica, don't do that."
	Jessica took a deep breath to suppress her anger.
	"Help me back to the hotel and tell Vicente that I am not feeling well and can’t go to the shooting today.”
	Ally was stunned.
	"What?"
	Jessica glared at her. "Do it! Hurry up!"
	"But... Shouldn’t we take revenge on Natalia?"
	Staring in the direction in which Natalia left, Jessica clenched her fists.
	"Don't worry. I won't let her go. I will let her pay back what she has done to me sooner or later!"
	Finally, Ally obediently went to find Vicente and asked for leave for Jessica.
	Definitely Vicente knew what had happened on the set. After all, this was not a small case. However, he didn't say anything to Ally.
	Pretending not to know, he waved his hand and said, "She's troublesome. Okay, just one day. She must go back to work tomorrow."
	Although Ally was dissatisfied, she didn't dare to say anything and went back to report.
	On the other side, Natalia sat in front of the mirror and asked Nancy to apply ointment on her face.
	She had already put on makeup, so she had to remove the makeup first when applying the ointment.
	But fortunately, Natalia had wonderful skin, so she didn't wear much makeup. All she needed to do was to use the makeup remover to wipe off the makeup on her face. After applying the ointment, she would wear it again.
	While applying the ointment on her wound carefully, Nancy felt sorry for her and said, "Jessica is crazy! She will go crazy for no reason. Look, your face is swollen."
	Seeing the resentment on Nancy’s face, Natalia smiled and said, "All right. She will be more miserable than me, especially when you kicked her. Well, you didn't use your full strength, did you?"
	Nancy snorted.
	"If I used all my strength, she wouldn’t have gone to the hospital by herself. Instead, she should have been carried there by a stretcher."
	After all, Nancy knew that she couldn't be too cruel on the film set or she might have caused more rumors.
	Natalia nodded and felt a little relieved.
	Then she thought of something and couldn't help laughing.
	"It seems that there is something wrong with the relationship between Jessica and Shawn."
	Nancy was stunned and confused. "What do you mean?"
	"She has always been a scheming woman. She is not a frivolous and irritable person. This can be seen from the fact that she could endure the humiliation together with Aleena Dawson and didn’t come to my family until she was eighteen years old. But today, I just said a few sharp words, and she was already so excited. Doesn't it mean that there is something wrong between her and Shawn?"
	Nancy got what Natalia meant and nodded.
	"So you were provoking her on purpose just now?"
	"Yes!"
	Nancy was confused again.
	"But what good will it do to us?"
	Natalia smiled.
	Good? Of course, there was good.
	After all, a cornered beast would do something desperate only if they were pressed too hard, wouldn't they?
	Thinking of this, she lowered her eyes slightly and showed a knowing smile. Then she took out her phone and made a call.
	That morning, a video suddenly appeared on the Internet.
	It was about the series again, Strategies for Cannon Fodder, about the same people, Jessica and Natalia.
	Recently, there were too many topics about this series and these two people, which made the netizens almost numb.
	However, when they saw the video and knew what was going on, they couldn't help but gasp.
	What the h*ll? It was too cruel!
	Was the woman still the gentle and kind Jessica in front of the camera?
	In the video, Jessica rushed to Natalia like a lunatic and slapped Natalia hard on Natalia’s face.
	The video only lasted for ten seconds, very short. After the slap, the stunned face of Natalia and the confused expressions of the onlookers beside her were quickly shown.
	As soon as the video was exposed, it immediately caused a great uproar on the Internet.
	It was even more serious than the photo scandal of Natalia.
	"D*mn it! Is Jessica crazy? I can feel that it hurts much even if I see it on the video. How could she do it?"
	"Were they filming? Is it a plot or something?"
	"I don't think so. They were all wearing normal clothes, not some costumes."
	"Then what was going on? She would not hit someone for no reason. There must be something behind it."
	"No matter what, she shouldn't do it! This is too much!"
	"Yes, it’s too much. She always pretends to be gentle and kind. I didn't expect her to be so vicious behind the camera."
	"It’s so impolite to slap someone on the face. An actress lives on her face and Natalia is still in the shooting. Did Jessica want to make Natalia unable to shoot since she chose to slap on Natalia’s face?"
	"It hurts, even if I saw it in the video. The person who was hit must be more painful. It's really too cruel."
	"Aren't they sisters? A few days ago, Jessica had an interview and said that she had made up with Natalia."
	"Oh, so what she had said in the interview was also a lie."
	"It should be a lie. Otherwise, how could they fall out with each other and even hit each other just after they made up with each other?"
	"I saw that Natalia was confused. Maybe she also didn't expect that her sister would suddenly slap her, so it was very likely that Jessica suddenly took action to bully Natalia."
	"Alas! I even regarded her as my goddess. It turns out that all tenderness is fake. She is so cruel and fierce behind the camera. Judging from her movement and speed, I know that she doesn’t do such things the first time. Maybe she is really such a person in daily life."
	"Her image in my mind is ruined."
	"Ruined, too."
	"Ruined, too."
	"Ruined, again..."
	At the same time, Shawn, who was sitting in the CEO's office of Miller Group, heard the ring of his mobile phone. He took a look and then his face suddenly darkened.
Chapter 210 He Still Loved Her
	Shawn stood up from the chair, staring at the phone with a livid face.
	The secretary just came in from outside and reported respectfully to him, "Mr. Miller, the board meeting will begin in ten minutes."
	Shawn kept silent with a straight face.
	After a few seconds, he said, "I see. You go out first."
	The Secretary nodded and left.
	Shawn took a deep breath to calm himself down and dialed a number.
	The phone was connected within a few seconds, and Jessica's surprised voice came to his ear, "Shawn?"
	"What are you doing?"
	"Me?" Sitting in the hospital, Jessica looked at Ally next to her and said guiltily, "I didn't do anything. I'm in the crew now..."
	"In the crew? Huh! It seems that you still don't know what happened on the Internet?"
	Jessica was stunned and confused.
	"Internet? What happened on the Internet? "
	"What happened? Read the news and see what you have done!"
	After shouting, Shawn hung up the phone immediately.
	Jessica was stunned by his roar. After a few seconds, she came to her senses and hurriedly login into her Twitter with her mobile phone.
	It became trending on Twitter. The video of her slapping Natalia had been listed in the top search list, and the comments were full of doubts and curses, all of which were criticizing her.
	Jessica's face changed. She went to watch the video and then was furious.
	This b*tch!
	It must be her plan!
	It must be Natalia who had set her up on purpose. She wondered why Natalia was so strange today. Normally, when Natalia saw Shawn, she would be just indifferent. But she suddenly became so enthusiastic today!
	Natalia must have said those words on purpose to irritate her, and then secretly asked someone to take this video.
	This vicious woman!
	Jessica was flustered now. Thinking of Shawn's angry tone just now, she became more nervous.
	She quickly dialed back.
	As soon as the phone was connected, she hurriedly explained, "Shawn, it's not what you think. It's Natalia. She framed me. What they said on the Internet is not true."
	Shawn said in a gloomy voice, "You mean it was her who moved her face close to you and asked you to slap her?"
	Jessica was speechless.
	"Shawn, please trust me. I didn't hit her on purpose. She irritated me. I was just too angry..."
	Jessica couldn't help but burst into tears. She choked, "How could she do that? It’s not a big case that she set me up, but she made it bigger. She knew clearly how important this comeback is to me!"
	At this time, the doctor came over and called her, "Jessica Dawson, come here to take medicine."
	Shawn keenly heard this sentence through the phone and asked suspiciously, "Where are you?"
	"I..." Jessica hesitated for a moment and didn't say anything.
	Ally couldn't help but grab the phone and said angrily, "Mr. Miller, you only blame Jessica. Don't you see how Jessica was beaten by that vicious woman because of you!”
	"Let me tell you the truth, we are in the hospital now! Jessica was not only slapped by that woman two times, but also kicked by her help. The doctor said that Jessica's ribs were fractured. If we didn’t come to the hospital in time, there might be sequelae!"
	"Ally, stop doing that!"
	Jessica grabbed the phone in time and said anxiously, "Shawn, I'm fine. Don't worry. Natalia... Natalia has always been domineering. I don't think she did it on purpose."
	There was a moment of silence on the other side.
	Both Jessica and Ally held their breath, waiting for Shawn’s response.
	After a while, he seemed to take a deep breath and his tone slowed down.
	"Are you hurt?"
	Jessica shook her head. "It doesn’t matter. Just a small wound."
	"Which hospital are you in? I'll be right there."
	Jessica bit her lips and said awkwardly, "Shawn, will it disturb your work?"
	"No. send me the address."
	"Well... Okay!"
	After hanging up the phone, Jessica sent him the address.
	Ally glanced at her face and said, "Mr. Miller came here as soon as he heard that you were injured. It seems that he cares about you very much."
	Jessica nodded, "Of course."
	It was not until this moment that she felt a little relieved.
	No matter what tricks Natalia played on Shawn, it couldn’t change Shawn’s love for her.
	Otherwise, he wouldn't have stopped working and rushed here as soon as he heard that she was injured.
	There was no doubt that Shawn cared much about her!
	Thinking of this, Jessica wasn't as flustered as before. She walked over and asked the doctor to apply ointment to her wound.
	Thirty minutes later, Shawn arrived.
	Along with him was Julia.
	Julia had already seen the video on the internet.
	She had already sent an order to her fellows to remove the topic and delete the video at all costs.
	Although she knew that since half a day had passed, the heat of this matter had already risen to an uncontrollable level on the internet. Even if she really managed to remove the topic and delete the video at this time, it was still useless.
	But at least it was better than doing nothing.
	Julia comforted herself like this. Seeing Jessica there, she quickly walked forward, looked at her up and down, and then asked with concern, "How do you feel? Are you okay?"
	Jessica pursed her lips and shook her head.
	She looked at Shawn, who was standing behind Julia, with tears in her eyes.
	"Shawn, I'm sorry. I got you in trouble again."
	Shawn didn't look good.
	What happened today was out of his expectation.
	He didn't expect that Jessica would be so impulsive to hit Natalia on the film set.
	It was not a big deal if she just slapped Natalia, but she was caught and there was a video. She didn't get any benefit in the end, but got herself into trouble again.
	How stupid this woman was!
	He was angry, but he couldn't vent his anger when he saw the weak look on Jessica's face. He had to suppress his anger and asked with a straight face, "What happened exactly? Tell me clearly."
	Then, Jessica and Ally told him the real situation at the film set.
	Of course, what was in the video was the facts, but some of the details were naturally biased in the narration.
	After saying that, Jessica wiped her tears with a tissue, looking sad.
	"I admit that I was too impulsive this time, but my sister has gone too far! I just wanted to question her a few words, but she called the bodyguard to beat me. What's the difference between her behavior and barbarian’s?"
	Looking at her crying face, Shawn felt inexplicably annoyed.
	He waved his hand and said, "Okay, I'll deal with it. You don't have to go to the set in the next two days. I'll say this to Vicente and help you ask for a leave. You should go back after the matter is forgotten."
	Jessica bit her lips and agreed in a low voice.
Chapter 211 All Publicity Is Good Publicity
	Shawn didn’t stay in the hospital for too long.
	Jessica went home with the companion of Julia and Ally. She needed to lie low first for the time being.
	Though Julia had formed a PR team to cool down the situation. The video was still viral on the Internet and things didn’t went well for them. Though it costed them a lot of money, nothing changed for the better. So, it was obvious that Julia was going to take the heat from Jessica.
	Consequently, more people held grudges against her.
	“It’s all her fault and she still blamed it on us. I can’t believe how bitchy she can be.”
	“Yeah, she’s a celebrity and should know better than pick on fights with others. She didn’t even win and pictures of her were posted on Twitter. What an ass!”
	“We have worked so hard to wipe her ass. Does she know how many times her scandals have been trending on Twitter this month?”
	“Right, every time she is CARELESS, she just dumps all the crap on us. There are things that cannot be settled with money. What on earth can we do?”
	“Disgusting...”
	Besides them, people started to be sick and tired of Jessica because they had seen her topics way too often and they were no longer curious at all.
	Her fans still believed in her, but it was not the case with others.
	“What’s the deal with this Jessica? Why is her name all over Twitter?”
	“All of this is just hype to help her get back on her feet in the show business. First comes her acting and now comes her fighting. Who knows what’s next?”
	“Hype? Really? Why would she hype up bad news about herself? That’s bad for her.”
	“All publicity is good publicity. The more publicity she gets, the more fame she gains. She can always clean herself up.”
	“To be honest, though I never liked her before, I didn’t hate her for all those scandals. Now that this came out, she has successfully made me a hater today.”
	“Same here.”
	“What do you know? Jessica was clearly set up! So many people were on the set. Only morons would fight there. You guys are being stupid.”
	“Well, well well, there are still a couple of douchebags defending her now. It’s not us that are being stupid, it’s you that are acting blind.”
	“We got videos! We got proofs!”
	“...”
	People were quarreling on Twitter. At first, Jessica’s fans could stick together to fight back, but now they were a little overwhelmed.
	After all, once everyone started to chip in, her fans could no longer handle this situation.
	Some of the influential fans could not help worrying and DMing her for explanation.
	But Jessica never responded.
	Her silence made her fans even more worried. In a few days, the faith of many fans was shaken and they began to support the other side.
	Two days later, the official account of Strategies for Cannon Fodder posted the first trailer on Twitter.
	The trailer was one minute long and the essence of the series was condensed in it. The way it told the story was attractive and exciting. As the leading actress, Natalia’s acting was excellent and convincing.
	The costumes, props and makeup were perfect, and the acting was also outstanding.
	The trailer attracted much attention as it came out. And as the leading actor and actress, Mac and Natalia forwarded this tweet afterwards.
	Not many people knew about this series before. But thanks to Natalia’s and Jessica’s scandals, this trailer had gotten more than one hundred million views.
	Vicente was surprised. He finally realized why Natalia didn’t want to clear things up until the first trailer was released.
	Because if one thing was completely clarified, people would stop paying attention to it and the hype would die down eventually.
	And when that happened, the series wouldn’t attract so many people even if there was a second release of the trailer.
	Though this approach was a little wicked, that was how things worked in this industry. Sometimes abilities were not enough. You also must have luck and methods in order to succeed.
	After struggling at the bottom for more than a decade, Vicente knew way better than anyone else.
	Right now, he wasn’t worried about the hype anymore, but he still felt sorry for Natalia. After all, this series wouldn’t be so popular without Natalia.
	So, Vicente made a call to her.
	Today Natalia finally had a day off. She didn’t stay on the set but returned to the McCarthy Mansion at someone’s request.
	At this moment, she was reclining on a chaise longue in the backyard garden, reading a book idly while eating fruits.
	And Archie didn’t go to work intentionally to stay home with Natalia today.
	As her phone started ringing, he glanced and saw the name of the caller.
	He picked up before she could reach to the phone and answered.
	Vicente laughed and said, “Lia , what are you doing right now?”
	Archie froze.
	He called her Lia?
	Were they this close?
	Archie got a little jealous and asked, “What’s wrong?”
	Vicente didn’t expect that Natalia wouldn’t answer the call. He was shocked when he heard that deep voice.
	After a few seconds, he realized who was on the phone. He instantly changed his tone and said, “Mr. McCarthy?”
	“Yes?”
	Archie didn’t want to say a single word to him.
	What a waste of time!
	It had been two months and now he could finally have some time with Natalia alone. Why did Vicente pick this time to call and interrupt them?
	Vicente felt the grimness in his voice and said, “Well, I’m just calling to send my greetings. Sorry to interrupt!”
	He hung up in a hurry.
	Archie put the phone away contently and passed it to Natalia. He smiled brightly and said, “Honey, it was Vicente. Nothing important.”
	Natalia rolled her eyes.
	“Why did you have to scare him like that?”
	She was not that dumb. She could easily tell that Archie was faking a deep and intimidating voice the whole time on purpose.
	Archie choked on her words and didn’t explain. He looked at the time and said, “Time for lunch. Let’s go to the dining room.”
	Natalia nodded and went with him.
	After lunch, she got a call from Elsa. She told her that countless people were DMing her now.
	Natalia stunned a little.
	She didn’t know much about her official account because she only used it for business. Elsa was the one managing this account.
Chapter 212 A Funny Misunderstanding
	She only used this account to forward the videos of her company’s artists or to promote some other stuff. It was kind of like an official account of Star Entertainment.
	The account she would actually use was a private one.
	The moment she heard what Elsa said, she automatically thought something was wrong and asked, “What? Anything happened?”
	Elsa answered happily, “Yes! Something great happened! Log in and see for yourself!”
	Natalia hung up blankly and logged in her official account. Numerous direct messages were flooding in.
	Other than that, she was tagged for countless times.
	She only had about one thousand followers before and now more than two million people had followed her.
	She just stood there and froze.
	With a closer look, she found out that after she forwarded that trailer, the number of her followers started to rise sharply. People were praising her for her acting and good looks.
	In her DMs, her fans left tons of loving messages. Under the trailer she forwarded, there were more than ten thousand comments and all of them were compliments.
	It was a huge deal for a newcomer like her.
	Natalia couldn’t help laughing out loud.
	Then she found that Victoria, Stephen and Laura also helped forward that tweet.
	Victoria forwarded, “Today is a big day! Come and see my sis!”
	Laura forwarded, “Congrats to my boss! Hope this series will be a huge success!”
	It made sense that these two helped her forwarded the tweet, but it was surprising for Stephen to do so.
	Stephen forwarded, “She’s stunning!!! Wanna be friends with her!!!”
	As the most popular idol in this country, Stephen had a large number of fans. On Twitter, he had over sixty million followers. So, after he forwarded, the topic started trending immediately.
	Fan A commented, “Sweetheart, you’re being naughty again.”
	Fan B commented, “Go back to your training. Ready for the new album next month?”
	Fan C commented, “She doesn’t wanna make friends with you, babe just go back to practice your new songs!”
	Fan D commented, “Stop being so naughty! We will watch her series! The only thing you need to do is to sing your songs!”
	...
	Stephen’s fans were used to his fickle behavior patterns. So, they were not surprised that he helped promote a new actress’ trailer.
	But other people who didn’t know much about his personality was shocked.
	“Do Stephen and Natalia know each other? Something strange is between them!”
	“Really? I remember he helped some other actresses forward tweets before.”
	“It’s completely different! Those actresses he helped were close friends to him. But this time... Natalia is a newcomer, right?”
	“I think this may be another scandal!”
	“I heard that Natalia slept with the director before! OMG! Why would he like such a slut!”
	“That scandal was clarified, right? Actually, she is quite gorgeous and I have no problem if Stephen likes her.”
	“I’m literally crying right now... I’m kind of sad that my babe has a crush on someone. But still, congrats!”
	“Why are you people so jealous? Stephen is in his late twenties and it’s ok for him to be in a relationship! I really don’t know what’s on your people’s mind!”
	...
	Pretty soon, the topic #StephenNatalia was trending on Twitter.
	Natalia had no idea about this situation until she got some messages from Victoria after she showered and lay down on her bed.
	She found out what happened after reading those gossipy and wicked messages Victoria sent.
	Natalia was speechless.
	In the past she only knew that people liked to speak on hearsay evidence on the Internet, and now she realized that they also liked to use their imagination.
	Overimagination was a disease that needed to be cured.
	She quickly tweeted, “Thank you Stephen! Hope you and your wives will live happily ever after!”
	Stephen was astonished.
	Her response scared a lot of people.
	Wives?
	What the hell?
	Did she just use the plural form?
	Were there even more secrets?
	Stephen forwarded her tweet and commented, “???”
	Natalia replied, “I head you got tons of fans who want to be your wives or girlfriends. I’m helping you treat them as equals!”
	People were suddenly enlightened and burst into laughter.
	Hahahahahahahaha...
	Wives? How hilarious! And she explained it in his comment section!
	She really wanted to stay out of scandals.
	People knew that she was clarifying the scandals before, but the way she did it was really astonishing.
	It was funny and also flattered Stephen’s fans in a way.
	She was such a treasure!
	The fans were having fun while Archie also saw that topic.
	His facial expressions shifted rapidly and he called Stephen at once.
	“Stephen, I’m giving you the chance to choose your way of death.”
	Stephen panicked, “What???!!!”
	He didn’t know that people would overthink his words. Right now, he couldn’t be more regretful.
	He explained confusedly, “Archie, I, I didn’t mean to say that. That is nonsense! This is only their imagination. Don’t believe their words! I just wanna help Natalia promote her new series. I have nothing to do with this! I meant well!”
	Archie smiled grimly, “You have nothing to do with this?”
	Hearing this, Stephen knew that Archie wouldn’t accept it.
	He immediately added, “I’ll clarify this situation ASAP! There’s still time to fix this. Just wait for a sec, I’m tweeting right now!”
	Stephen didn’t dare to hang up the phone. He promptly logged in his Twitter and tagged Natalia in his tweet.
	“You are like a sister to me, Natalia! People say that you should respect your sister as much as you respect your mom. I’ll definitely respect you in the way I respect my mom! @NataliaDawson”
	When this tweet came out, people started laughing out loud.
	“Is he alright? Why is he so funny!”
	“Respect her in the way he respects her mom? What the hell? Hahahahahahahaha!”
	“Hahahahahahaha! I laughed so hard that I think I cried a little!”
	“Why is he being so cautious hahaha!”
	“@NataliaDawson, shout out to my mother-in-law!”
	“He is so naughty!”
	“Who said they were together, huh? Come and see how wrong you are!”
	...
Chapter 213 Getting Married Ahead of Schedule
	All in all, people were quite convinced by Stephen’s response.
	He was handsome and also had a sense of humor, which made people like him more.
	And he successfully turned this scandal into a comedy.
	How hilarious!
	As for his fans, they were finally relieved after both parties lifted the misunderstanding.
	They knew that Stephen would never lie to them. He would just admit what he had done.
	He and Natalia were just friends. No real couples would ever make jokes like this.
	As long as they were not lovers, his fans didn’t care about other stuff.
	But since they were friends, his fans wouldn’t mind help promoting this series. Natalia was so pretty and her acting was fantastic. Who knew if she could become a big shot one day?
	After that, Natalia had witnessed how the number of her followers had doubled dramatically.
	Natalia didn’t know what to say.
	But it was indeed a good sign to gain so many followers. She didn’t think too much and went to bed.
	Then there was another voice on Twitter.
	“Jessica also starred in this series, right? She is kind of like one of the leading creators. So why is she the only one that has not forwarded the trailer?”
	People started to question quickly.
	There was even a rumor that Jessica had gotten kicked out from the series because of her fight.
	The official account of the series hadn’t announced that yet so all of this was just gossip.
	But that didn’t stop the gossip spreading widely. A lot of people thought it was true.
	Jessica’s fans were like a cat on hot bricks.
	It was already hard enough for her to get back to the show business. If the rumor was true, then it was all over.
	In the Dawson Mansion.
	Jessica was also agitated.
	Julia didn’t allow her to see what was going on on Twitter because she was afraid that this might affect her mood. She wanted Jessica to have a good rest at home so that she could get back on her feet.
	For that, she took away her phone and computer.
	But that didn’t mean she wouldn’t know what was happening on the Internet.
	After all, she could sense that something was definitely wrong from the look of her two maids who came in to run a bath for her.
	No, she could not take this anymore.
	Julia was not capable of handling this situation. If she continued to sit still and do nothing about this, she would regret it afterwards.
	Jessica put on a coat and went downstairs.
	In the living room, Clara, Philip and Aleena were sitting on the couch gloomily.
	They were not surprised to see her.
	Clara pointed at the couch opposite to them and said, “Since you’re here, sit down.”
	Jessica was perturbed. But seeing Clara scowling, she didn’t dare to utter a word and sit down quietly.
	Of course, Philip had seen the gossip on the Internet, which explained why he looked so angry.
	“Mom, what should we do now? If the rumors keep spreading, Jessica’s career will be doomed! And if that happens, all of our money invested in Century Entertainment will be gone!”
	Back then, when Century Entertainment signed Jessica, the Dawson family invested a large amount of money to support her.
	They told everyone that it was an investment, but it actually was intended to strengthen their relationship with the Miller family. Because Henry didn’t approve the relationship between Jessica and Shawn in the first place.
	Henry and Kiera went to the same university and were pretty close at that time. Obviously, he didn’t like Aleena and Jessica who tried to kick Kiera out of the Dawson family.
	But Jessica was so good at acting nice and obedient, and at present she was the only match for Shawn Miller.
	Plus, Natalia was caught cheating and there was no turning back. He had no choice but to accept the fact.
	Now, there was no way that the Miller family didn't know about what happened to Jessica.
	Clara had always wanted Jessica to marry Shawn. It was hard to say whether Henry would accept her if her reputation was ruined.
	Therefore, at this time, they couldn’t remain silent any longer. They must take action first.
	Thinking of this, Clara looked at Jessica and suddenly asked, “Last time you told me that Shawn proposed to you and that you would get married after the series was done. Is he serious about this?”
	Jessica nods. “He said that in front of a lot of people on the set, so he must be serious.”
	“Good.”
	Clara thought for a moment and said, “In that case, you need to get married as soon as possible. Wouldn't it be better for you to get your marriage certificate first and then hold the wedding ceremony after the filming is done?”
	Jessica paused.
	It didn't take her long to figure out what Clara meant.
	She was now caught up by scandals. Even if she tried to clear things out, it would take a lot of time and effort.
	Instead, she could simply cover it up with some good news first to distract the audience, and then clarify it step by step.
	But she still hesitated for a while.
	“Will Shawn ... agree with us?”
	Clara said earnestly, “If he really loves you, he will. Shawn is a smart man. He knows how much it would benefit you to get married now. Just tell him!”
	Jessica bit her lip. After a few seconds, she finally nodded.
	“All right then! I'll give it a try.”
	That night, Shawn got a call from Jessica.
	At the time, he was in his office at Century Entertainment. He was in a meeting with the PR team to come up with a solution on Jessica's case.
	When he got the call, he could not help but picture her crying in his mind. He was a little agitated.
	He felt an impulse to hang up on her. After some hesitation, he finally answered.
	“Hello?”
	“Honey, are you in bed?”
	Shawn wearily rubbed his eyebrows, “No, why?”
	Jessica hesitantly said, “Well, grandma came to me and asked me to discuss something with you.”
	Shawn stunned and became a little uneasy for some reason.
	He asked, “What is it?”
	“Grandma thinks the situation is too complicated. No matter how we explain, those people won't buy it. So, she wants us to get married as soon as possible. We can get our marriage certificate first and have a wedding ceremony afterwards. What, what do you think?”
	Shawn didn’t say anything.
	There was only silence at the other end of the phone.
	She felt like she was holding a bomb instead of a phone. Her palms began sweating.
Chapter 214 The Meeting of The Two Families
	After a while, she heard a chuckle.
	“What do you think?”
	“Me?”
	Jessica seemed a little surprised. She didn't expect Shawn to ask her that question.
	She bit her lip and her ears turned red quickly.
	She said softly, “Of course I want to marry you soon. After all, we've been together for quite a long time...”
	“Then let’s do it if you want to!”
	His flat and calm words shocked Jessica. And then she was overwhelmed by joy.
	“Really? You really wanna marry me?”
	Shawn looked out of the window coldly. He did not know why he suddenly felt so lonely and sad.
	It was as if a fire that had been burning inside him was dying out.
	He said quietly, “Of course. We've been together for so many years, and you once carried my child. Even though the child is gone, I must take the responsibility, right?”
	Jessica almost burst in tears of joy.
	“Shawn, thank you. I, I thought...”
	She sobbed and continued her words, “I thought after everything I put you through, you don’t love me anymore and won't want to marry me. And now ... I am...”
	Shawn smiled.
	“Why would you think that, my silly girl? Even if everyone is against you, I will always be on your side.”
	“Shawn...”
	“...”
	For Jessica, this night was like a beautiful and fragile dream.
	It still seemed to be a sweet daydream to her when she looked back long after.
	But at the end of the day, her dream could never become reality.
	It was like a faint light from sky. Even though it was unreal, she held on to it as if it was her lifeline.
	When it was all over, she finally realized that it was all her own wishful thinking.
	She could never get what didn’t belong to her. But she chose to drown herself in her perfect illusion and never wake up.
	...
	With Shawn's approval, the Dawson family soon informed their relatives that Jessica and Shawn were getting married.
	At the same time, they called Henry to have a discussion about the marriage of the younger generation since they would be in-laws soon.
	Although they weren’t having a wedding right now, Jessica's filming would be over soon. So, if they were going to have a wedding, they would have to plan it in advance.
	With a month to go, the timing was perfect.
	Henry agreed and didn't say anything else. But as soon as he hung up the phone, he turned to Shawn and scolded him angrily.
	“I’ve told you not to break up with Natalia for that woman! And look what she has done! You still wanna marry a woman with such a bad reputation? She is no good for you! I can let the money she costed Century Entertainment slide. But I will never agree to let her become my daughter-in-law!”
	Shawn sat on the couch with his head down. He let his father yell at him and didn't say anything more.
	After Henry finished, Shawn looked up at him and said quietly, “Dad, calm down. You haven't been so well lately. Anger is bad for your health.”
	“How dare you!”
	Hearing that, Henry got even more mad. He threw a pillow at him and yelled, “How dare you say
	that! If it weren’t for you, I wouldn’t be sick at all!”
	Shawn put the pillow aside in silence.
	After some time, he said in a calm voice, “I have promised to marry her. I owe her that.”
	“You don't owe her anything. Haven't you done enough for her family? She's trying to use you to whitewash herself! Are you really gonna let her do this? You wanna bring disgrace to your family?”
	“We're businessmen. We don't need reputation to make money...”
	“Easy for you to say!”
	He couldn't get any angrier with the son. He thought for a while and said, “Hold them off first. You can only make verbal promises and don’t you dare get your marriage certificate now! And I will not give you my consent. If you keep acting crazy, I will kick you out of this country like I did to your sister!”
	Then, Henry got up and returned to his room.
	Shawn was still sitting on the couch. He ruffled his hair and didn’t say anything.
	The next day, the Dawson family made an appointment with Henry to have lunch at Hitz-Hardon.
	Jessica came early. She was in the car with Clara, and Aleena was in the car with Philip.
	The car parked in the underground garage. Clara grabbed Jessica before she got off the car and asked, “Are the journalists all set?”
	Jessica hesitated and nodded.
	Clara was finally satisfied. Then she sighed and explained, “I don’t have choice. I could tell he wasn't so happy about your marriage. Well, I know him well enough! He treated you well only because you were carrying Shawn’s baby back then. He has never mentioned once about your marriage since the baby passed away. I set up this meeting only because I don’t want to give him the chance to go back on his word. Can you understand my intention?”
	Jessica bit her lips and nodded, “Thank you, grandma. I know.”
	“Good. When they come, you should be on your best behavior. Don’t embarrass me.”
	“Ok.”
	After they got out of the car, they went into the elevator and entered their reserved box.
	Shawn and Henry arrive just on time. They immediately came forward to shake hands with Philip and Clara.
	“We are deeply sorry. Something urgent had come up at the office. Please forgive for being late.”
	Clara smiled gently, “We're gonna be in-laws soon. You don't have to be so polite around us. We're family now.”
	Henry smiled and nodded. Then everyone sat down. Of course, Jessica sat next to Shawn. The waiter began to serve the food.
	“Mr. Miller, I know you are a busy man and I really hate to bother you. The reason why I want our families to get together today is to discuss the marriage of Jessica and Shawn...”
	“I know and I am very sorry because this should be put forward by us. But we’ve been so busy lately that we didn’t have the time to do that. I must apologize for that.”
	“No no no, you’re being too polite, Mr. Miller.”
	“Well, let's have dinner first. The matter is not urgent. We can discuss it after dinner.”
Chapter 215 Experienced And Prudent
	Clara was relieved to see that he did not object. She smiled and everyone started to enjoy this lovely dinner.
	However, at that moment, the door of the box was suddenly thrown open.
	Hearing the clicking sounds of cameras, they saw some journalists swooping in.
	“Mr. Miller, I heard that today the Miller family is meeting with the Dawson family to discuss the marriage between Jessica and Shawn. Is that right?”
	“Have you fixed a date for the wedding? When is it?”
	“Can you tell us what kind of wedding you will have?”
	“I heard you grew up together and have been in love with each other for many years. Can you share your love story with us?”
	“...”
	The room was filled with all kinds of noises.
	The clicking shutter and the blinding flashlight seemed to shock everyone in the box.
	When Henry saw those journalists flooding in, he pulled his face immediately.
	Shawn was also shocked and looked at Jessica in disbelief.
	A flicker of guilt flashed in Jessica's eyes and then she quickly covered it up. She turned to Shawn and shook her head in panic.
	“Shawn, it’s not me.”
	Clara also pretended to be surprised. But she calmed down very soon and smiled at those journalists.
	“Thank you for your concern, but this is a private gathering and I’m afraid we won’t be able to be interviewed today... This is a little inappropriate.”
	After saying that, she gave Henry an awkward look. She seemed to be very sorry and frustrated.
	Henry scowled, pretending not to see her face.
	Shawn came to his senses and knew that there was no use running away from the situation.
	Now that the journalists had come, they wouldn’t leave without getting what they want.
	So, he stood up in front of the camera and said, “As you can see, today we are here to meet and discuss for our marriage. Jessica is an actress and I can understand why you guys are here. But our parents are ordinary people and we want this meeting to be private. I hope you understand. And if we come up with a result, we will inform you as soon as possible, so please rest assured. Now it’s time for dinner. Please have a rest downstairs and get something to eat. My treat.”
	Shawn handled this gracefully. He wasn’t upset that they were interrupting his private trip, nor did he reveal his privacy to please the journalists.
	He even offered to buy them dinner, which kind of won their hearts.
	They were all impressed.
	So was Clara.
	She thought to herself, “Jessica isn’t wrong about this young man. He absolutely will be able to benefit the Dawson family.”
	At this point, the journalists had nothing left to say.
	Even though they wanted to dig in, the Millers refused to say more and there were bodyguards coming to send them out. They had to get out of the room.
	After a few minutes, the room was finally quite again.
	And a little awkward.
	Henry just sat there and didn’t utter a single word.
	Philip wanted to say something to ease the mood, but he was not smart enough to make things less awkward.
	Aleena smiled at Shawn and said, “I’ve always heard that Shawn is an experienced and prudent young man. Now I know it’s true. I’m happy to see that you and Jessica are together.”
	Shawn forced a smile and responded, “Thank you.”
	Just then, Henry's cell phone rang.
	He picked it up and started frowning.
	“What? Okay, hold on. I'll be right back!”
	Henry stood up.
	From the look of his face, Clara could tell something was wrong. She asked promptly, “Mr. Miller, what's going on? Now that we are in-laws, we may be able to help.”
	Henry froze.
	In-law? How aggressive!
	He answered calmly, “There is an emergency in the company and I have to rush back. Pardon me. Shawn, stay here to have dinner. Remember to send Mr. and Mrs. Dawson home personally. I must leave now.”
	Shawn stood up and nodded, “Ok.”
	“But...”
	Clara wanted to say something more, but Henry didn't give her the chance. He picked up his coat and hurried off.
	The room was quiet for a moment.
	Then Philip said awkwardly, “Hahaha...Well, Mr. Miller is such a busy man that he didn’t even have time for a dinner.”
	Shawn explained, “Our company has been expanding overseas market recently, and things are a little tricky. My father just came back from Kyoto a few days ago.”
	Philip's eyes brightened.
	“Overseas? Seems like the Miller Properties is going global now?”
	Shawn grinned slightly and nodded, “Yes, but it's still in progress. No one can guarantee that this will definitely go well.”
	“I believe talents like Mr. Miller and Shawn can surely make it happen.” Philip said cheerfully.
	Clara’s face finally brightened up.
	“Philip is right. Since Mr. Miller is so busy, we don't want to disturb him like this. The matters of the marriage can be discussed some other day.”
	“That’s right. We don’t need to rush. Your work is much more important.”
	Shawn smiles and didn’t say a thing.
	Without Henry, they quickly finished the meal
	Clara refused his offer of sending them off and went home with Philip and Aleena, leaving him to attend to his own business.
	Instead of going back with them, Jessica got into Shawn's car and went to Century Entertainment with him.
	Century Entertainment was invested by the Dawson family so they were not afraid to be photographed.
	Once they went into his office, Shawn pulled a long face and turned on his computer silently.
	Topics about their marriage was trending not only on Twitter but also on other websites.
	It seemed like they were absolutely getting married.
	Some people even said that they already got their marriage certificate and both families were gathering to celebrate the great news, and that the wedding would be held in a few days.
Chapter 216 Break Up
	The further Shawn went, the more worried he was.
	Standing aside, Jessica was also nervous. Seeing that his face was getting darker and darker, she slowly walked over and said carefully, "Shawn, I'm sorry. I didn't know that there would be so many reporters following us today."
	Shawn looked up at her with a disappointed and cruel sneer.
	"You really don't know?"
	Jessica's heart skipped a beat.
	When she looked at his eyes, she felt as if her mind had been seen through. Her eyes flashed and she nodded.
	"I really don't know. If I knew, I would have reminded you in advance."
	"Oh? Really? I thought you arranged those reporters outside on purpose to catch the scene! It seems that I misunderstood you."
	Shawn's voice was gloomy. It seemed that he didn’t think so.
	Somehow, Jessica felt a little guilty and scared. She forced a smile and took a step back.
	"Shawn, why do you misunderstand me so much? We are going to get married soon. I have no need to do that."
	"Really? But after all, we are not really married. What if I regret halfway? With today's news, it can prove that our marriage is a foregone conclusion.”
	"If I really go back on my word in the future, today's reports will be the sharpest sword to hurt me and the most effective evidence to prove that you are a victim. You can’t say you have no need to do such a profitable thing.”
	Jessica's face turned completely pale.
	She looked at Shawn as if she was looking at a monster.
	Shawn had already stood up and walked slowly towards her, with incomparably calm and cold power in every step.
	He walked up to her and suddenly squeezed her neck with his hands.
	"Jessica! You set me up, and now you even want to lie to me again in such a situation! What do you think of me? A big fool who can be deceived and fooled by you easily?"
	Gritting his teeth, Shawn exerted so much strength that he almost broke Jessica's neck.
	She grabbed his hand in panic and stepped back. Soon she was pressed against the wall behind the desk.
	"Ah! Shawn, let me explain..."
	Jessica's face turned red, and she could barely squeeze out a sentence breathlessly.
	Shawn's face was dark. Looking at her face, he wished he could tear up the hypocritical mask on her face.
	He gritted his teeth and said, "Explain? Now, how do you want to explain? Do you really think I don't know what you have done behind me these years? I just don't want to talk about it for the sake of our relationship.”
	"But now, you want to take advantage of me! Who do you think I am? Do you think I am a fool like Natalia who is willing to be bullied by you and your mother?"
	As he spoke, he threw Jessica onto the sofa.
	Finally being exposed to the air again, Jessica took a deep breath and began to cough painfully.
	Shawn looked at her coldly, as if he was looking at a dirty rag.
	"From today on, our relationship is over! Go back and make it clear to your snobbish grandmother that our marriage has been over. From now on, the Miller family has nothing to do with the Dawson family! Tell her not to come to me again."
	Then he strode away.
	Jessica was stunned.
	She grabbed Shawn's hand and asked in a trembling voice, "What do you mean? Over? I am your fiancée. You said you would be responsible for me. How could you end it so quickly?"
	Shawn looked at her sarcastically, "Fiancée? How dare you mention something you stole in front of me?"
	Jessica was shocked.
	She looked at the man in front of her in disbelief. She couldn't believe that such hurtful words came out of his mouth.
	She shook her head and said in a low voice, "Shawn, when we were together, you didn’t say anything about it. If you didn't agree, how could I have sex with you?”
	"You didn't say it was stolen at that time, but now you want to break up with me and think it was stolen! Shawn Miller, how could you say words like that?"
	Shawn pulled a long face. "If you hadn't seduced me, would I have been fooled by you? And would we have become like this?"
	"You!"
	Jessica was so angry that she almost spat out blood. Shawn shook her off coldly and said in a deep voice, "I always thought that you were a gentle and sensible woman, but after I was with you, I found that you were not that gentle at all.”
	"I've seen enough of your pretended tenderness and kindness. I just don't want to abandon something that I have used before, in case that people might think I am immoral.”
	“But you really annoyed me today! You know what I hate most. I hate being used! I have promised to marry you and hold a wedding with you.”
	"But you are not satisfied and still let the reporters launch a surprise attack. Do you want to threaten me with this? Huh! I shouldn’t promise you those things. You really don't know who you are. You deserve all of these today. You can't blame anyone else!"
	After saying that, he threw her away heavily. Without looking back, he pushed the door open and strode out.
	Jessica tried to catch up with him in a hurry but was stopped by his secretary outside the door.
	"Miss Jessica, I'm sorry. Mr. Miller is going to have a meeting. Please don’t bother him."
	Jessica wanted to lose her temper subconsciously, but she held her anger back when she thought of Shawn's attitude just now.
	She took a deep breath, and a few seconds later, a pale and forbearing smile appeared on her face.
	"Okay, I know. Don't worry. Shawn and I just had a quarrel. How could a couple have no quarrel? Do you think so?"
	The secretary lowered her head and said nothing.
	Jessica secretly pinched her fingers and said, "Well, I have something else to do, so I won't stay any longer. I'll come to Shawn another day."
	Then she left.
	…
	The news about Jessica and Shawn's wedding on the Internet hadn't faded away, and it was even getting hotter.
	Although some netizens had guessed that Jessica wanted to cover up the fact that she slapped Natalia a few days ago with such news, most of them did not care about it.
	What they cared about was the news that the so-called perfect match was finally going to marry.
	Then, Jessica's private studio went to post a tweet.
	The tweet included several photos of Jessica after she was injured, a simple report of her injury and a lawyer's letter.
	In addition, there was an announcement, "A thief is crying 'stop thief’, and someone who hurt Jessica still pretends to be the victim. Jessica is gentle and kind. She thought that a clean hand wants no washing. But the fact is not satisfactory. She can only take legal weapons to protect herself. The punishment will sooner or later come to those who really deserve it!"
	Jessica forwarded the message immediately.
	The public opinion on the Internet was in an uproar after they saw it.
Chapter 217 The Storm Is Coming
	Netizen A: What? What was going on? Wasn’t it Natalia who was slapped? Why was Jessica also slapped?
	Netizen B: It seems that the wound is very serious! Are you OK?
	Netizen C: The report of injury is there, level two minor injury.
	Netizen D: Minor injury? Then she might be fine!
	Netizen E: bullsh*t! It’s also a minor injury if your nose is broken. Believe it or not? As long as your arms and legs are fine, all other injuries are minor injuries. Don't you understand this common sense?
	Netizen F: So, speaking of the video before, Jessica was wronged!
	Netizen G: No way! She really hit someone in the video. As for why she was beaten, too, nobody knew the reason.
	Netizen H: Woo, Jessica is so kind and lovely, but she was beaten like this. Shouldn't the company and crew give an explanation? Who was the mob? Let the mod be punished!
	Netizen I: Yes, I agree. Let the mod be punished!
	…
	Jessica's fans had been waiting for a long time. Finally, their idol came out to speak.
	She even sent such a horrible photo, which made everyone feel very sorry for her.
	Those fans tried to comfort Jessica, and meanwhile, they spread the news in an arrogant manner.
	Who said that Jessica had a bad personality?
	Who said she was bad-tempered and hit people on the set?
	Now the truth was there!
	She was beaten more miserably!
	What? It sounded a little weird.
	The fans immediately changed their speaking. Jessica was kind and lovely. She just fought back when she was bullied. Hope that the netizens could follow the truth, find the one who should really be responsible, and give justice to Jessica!
	Yes! Please give Jessica justice!
	The voice on the Internet was getting louder and louder, as if a storm was coming.
	Natalia's Twitter account also began to be invaded by such voices.
	After all, in the video, Jessica had hit Natalia. Now that Jessica had come out to prove that she was also injured, it was not hard to guess who should be responsible for Jessica’s injury.
	Countless fans of Jessica began to curse Natalia, with all kinds of obscene words.
	In the hotel of the crew, Natalia looked at the aggressive comments on the Internet. She even laughed.
	Nancy was so anxious now. She widened her eyes in disbelief as she saw Natalia laughing.
	"Natalia, why are you still laughing in such a situation?"
	Raising her eyebrows, Natalia asked, "Why can't I laugh?"
	"Because... Because..."
	Gritting her teeth, Nancy couldn't say anything.
	That day, Jessica slapped Natalia in the face, and Natalia returned two slaps.
	In fact, it was normal.
	But Nancy was so angry that she rushed up and kicked Jessica again.
	In other words, Jessica’s injury had nothing to do with Natalia. It was all Nancy’s work.
	But now, Natalia was cursed by the whole Internet because of her. Naturally, Nancy felt sorry for Natalia and blamed herself.
	"Natalia, how about I stand out and tell them the truth! I'm your bodyguard. It's my duty to protect you. Even if they want to curse me, I will accept it."
	Looking at her anxious face, Natalia couldn't help laughing.
	She reached out her hand and pinched Nancy’s face.
	"My good Nancy, don't worry. The situation is not as bad as you think."
	Nancy's eyes widened.
	"Is the situation not bad enough?"
	Natalia shook her head. "Not enough."
	Nancy was confused and couldn't understand what was in Natalia’s mind.
	Holding her chin, Natalia thought for a while. Then she took her phone again and sent a message to Elsa.
	Then she put the phone down and lay down directly. She also pulled Nancy to lay together.
	"Well, don't be angry. Let others be angry and we should never be angry. No one will take care of us if we get sick because of anger. Let's take a good nap!"
	Then she closed her eyes.
	Nancy was so anxious that she wanted to say something but stopped on second thought.
	But seeing that Natalia obviously didn't want to say anything more, Nancy couldn’t ask more. She could only lie down listlessly.
	That night.
	A famous blogger, with a lot of fans on the Twitter, suddenly released a piece of news.
	What shocking news! The pure goddess was actually a mistress? The affair between sister-in-law and brother-in-law!
	Everyone clicked the link out of curiosity, only to find that it was talking about Jessica, Shawn and Natalia!
	What the hell! What the hell was this?
	The article was simple, easy to understand and a little humorous.
	It roughly described the six-year relationship between Natalia and Shawn, and how Jessica managed to get involved in it and finally achieved the goal.
	In addition, it mentioned Jessica's background "unintentionally".
	Jessica’s mother and father grew up together. They parted in the middle of their childhood. Eighteen years later, her mother came back with her and kicked away her father’s original wife and succeeded in getting the position.
	If someone thought of it carefully, the daughter, Jessica, seemed to be a copy of her mother.
	Both Jessica and her mother grew up with their own lovers, then became mistresses and kicked away the original wives.
	Was it a coincidence or a conspiracy?
	This article caused a sensation in public opinion that was already about to explode.
	Everyone couldn't believe that Jessica, who looked so gentle and pure, and who had been showing off their love with Shawn everywhere, was actually a mistress!
	But all mistresses were despised.
	Especially for Twitter, there were more female fans.
	The statement and several photos released by Jessica's studio made people feel sorry for her.
	But now, it seemed that she was guilty and beaten by the original wife!
	She deserved it!
	The trend of public opinion was reversed again. They fired at Jessica at the same time.
	However, there were also some more rational fans. They thought that just an article of a famous blogger was not enough to earn trust.
	After all, it was easy to spread a rumor, but it was hard to make it clear.
	The news shouldn’t be trusted easily on the internet.
	It was better to wait and see if there was any evidence.
	Unfortunately, the blogger had never made a sound since this piece of news was exposed.
	No matter how the netizens cursed, urged or sent private messages, the blogger wouldn't reply.
	It was as if he had disappeared from the world all of a sudden.
	This situation lasted until the next night.
	Jessica's fans were pleased to see that the blogger didn't make any more moves.
	See! The news was fake!
	The blogger thought he was guilty and dared not speak!
	Their great Jessica was still pure and kind, innocent and harmless.
	It was all those coquettish bitches outside who wanted to frame her!
	Humph!
	Natalia paid no attention to public opinion on the Internet. The filming would be finished in half a month. She was busy analyzing the script and memorizing the following lines.
	Jessica went back to work, too. After all, the crew didn't do charity. They had allowed her to take a few days off before, which was an exception. No one could take more days off that that.
	Although the filming was restarted, the surrounding area of the film set was still surrounded by bodyguards every day.
	This was Clara Reid’s decision. She knew that the article on the Internet had caused a sensation.
	Now Jessica was in an extremely dangerous situation, and she couldn’t make any mistake. Therefore, the media must be banned, and they were not allowed in to cause any trouble.
Chapter 218 Fight Back
	Thus, Jessica finally got a period of peaceful time.
	However, this peace was broken the next morning.
	A reporter dressed up as a staff member of the film set stopped Jessica when Jessica went to the film set from the hotel the morning.
	"Jessica, can you respond to the rumors about you on the internet?"
	"I heard that the relationship between you and Shawn is not as you said. He was engaged to your sister, Natalia, but later he broke up because of you and decided to be with you. Is this the truth?"
	The bodyguards had been surrounding the set, but Jessica didn't expect that there would be a reporter sneaking in.
	She panicked and didn't know what to do.
	Fortunately, Ally was there to block the camera. Ally said angrily to the reporter, "I'm sorry. Jessica has to go to the set. She can't answer your question."
	But the reporter had been in this circle for many years and was experienced. How could he be persuaded by Ally?
	The reporter immediately asked, "Do you avoid this question because the rumors on the Internet are true? Are you guilty and afraid of answering it?"
	"What are you talking about?"
	Ally got anxious immediately. There were also many staff around who went to the film set together. They all stopped and looked at Jessica curiously.
	They had read the breaking news on the Internet these days.
	In fact, they were dubious about the content of the article.
	It was true that Natalia and Jessica didn't get along well with each other all the time. It was very likely that it was the reason why the two of them didn't get along well.
	However, Shawn had come to the film set many times, and naturally, he had bumped into Natalia more than once. The two of them didn't have any strange reaction.
	If the rumor was true that Jessica had stolen Natalia's boyfriend, then the three of them would be embarrassed to run into each other!
	Therefore, when they saw that the reporter blocked Jessica's way, they didn't help her. Instead, they were curious about the gossip, and all waited for the answer.
	Jessica realized that she could not possibly get away from it today anyway.
	If she said nothing, the reporter might spread the news again.
	Therefore, she gently pushed Ally away, looked at the reporter and said in a deep voice, "Okay, since you asked, I will answer you."
	The crowd burst into an uproar.
	WOW!
	She really wanted to respond!
	Was she going to tell the truth?
	There were a lot of gossips in the rich and powerful families. Everyone had been so excited waiting for a good show.
	The reporter also quickly raised the microphone and adjusted the camera, waiting for her to speak.
	Jessica took a deep breath and said in a deep voice, "I admit that the relationship between Shawn and me is not as smooth as we said before, but it is not like what they said on the Internet.”
	"We have known each other for a long time. Although we did not really grow together, we have been together since I went to college. We have always been in a good relationship.”
	"Although there are also some quarrels, it is also the case for every ordinary couple. We are just no exception as a couple, so there will definitely be no problem between us.”
	"As for Natalia, although she is my sister, since she left the Dawson family to study abroad five years ago, we have little contact, so I don't know much about her feelings for Shawn.”
	"For the rumors on the Internet, I want you to think about it. One of us was at home, and the other was abroad.”
	"I was with Shawn five years ago, but she just came back three years ago. If there was really a mistress, who was more likely to be the mistress, I or she?”
	"Well, all I said today is only about the rumor on the Internet. I don't mean anything else.”
	"That’s all I can say. Now I'm going to work. Please understand and don't disturb my work anymore. "
	Then she ignored the reporter and strode away with Ally.
	The crowd and the reporter were stunned.
	What did Jessica mean?
	There was something else in her words!
	Did she mean that she hadn’t stepped in the relationship between Natalia and Shawn, but Natalia had stepped in the relationship between her and Shawn?
	What the hell was going on! Why was this matter so dramatic?
	No matter what, Jessica's response today was pretty good.
	Some onlookers even began to believe her words, let alone those netizens if they knew this!
	Jessica and Ally went to the set in a hurry. It was not until she was sure that there was no reporter following her that she heaved a sigh of relief.
	Ally pursed her lips and said in a low voice, "Jessica, will we irritate Natalia by doing this? That woman is horrible if she gets crazy!"
	She still remembered that Nancy kicked Jessica on the film set last time.
	Although she was not the one who had been kicked, it still hurt!
	Jessica glanced at her and asked coldly, "Are you afraid of her?"
	Ally was startled.
	She shook her head immediately, "No, I'm not afraid."
	Jessica sneered, "Let's wait and see! That b*tch dared to buy off a blogger to frame me. I just try to fight back. Let's see if those people believe me or her!"
	That afternoon.
	Several famous bloggers also revealed the complex relationship between Natalia, Jessica, and Shawn.
	The title was as following: Stunning Reversal! Girlfriend VS Mistress! Complicated Story!
	The article wrote down what Jessica said in the interview today in words and attached a video.
	Public opinion was in an uproar again.
	Recently, there were too many gossips about the two sisters, and everyone was almost numb to them.
	The netizens had gone through too many reversals. Even with such strong evidence, they didn't dare to say who was bad and who was good.
	On the other hand, Jessica's fans were thrilled to see the video and began to clarify it on the internet.
	“Jessica is the purest woman in the world.”
	“Jessica is just so different from someone who is actually a shameless mistress but states that she was the true fiancée!”
	“Jessica is so pitiful! She had been beaten and framed. Let the shameless b*tch get out of the entertainment circle and stop framing Jessica!”
	Natalia was attacked again by Jessica’s fans.
	All kinds of foul words and curses were going to her.
	Some even said that she was a scheming b*tch and trying to climb up by framing her sister.
	Some also said that all the scandals in this period were planned by Natalia. The reason why she planned these was to attract attention and make herself famous!
	How shameless!
	Natalia didn't look at her phone, nor did she know the storm outside.
	But Victoria was furious when she knew it.
	Victoria called Natalia immediately. She cursed Jessica on the phone and said she would kill that little b*tch if the b*tch wanted to die!
	It was not until she finished speaking that Natalia realized what had happened on the Internet.
	Natalia had been busy with the script these days, so she didn't notice the change of the public opinion outside.
Chapter 219 Deal
	Victoria was almost driven mad by Natalia’s calmness.
	"Natalia! It's not your first day to be in this circle. We know how terrible public opinion can be. Since you want to be an actress, you can't ignore it.”
	"Let me tell you the truth. Sometimes it might be easy to control it, but once it's out of control, even Mr. McCarthy may not be able to help you reverse the situation.”
	"We have no choice. Money also couldn't stop those dirty words! What about your future then if they believe Jessica’s words? Do you want your career to be destroyed by that b*tch?"
	Natalia smiled and feel warm when such a friend cared about her so much.
	"Victoria, thank you for your concern. I know. Don't worry."
	"You know nothing! Jessica's fans are going to hold a celebration party. You haven't made any move yet. I can’t help being anxious!"
	After thinking for a while, Natalia said, "In fact, to be an actress is not my best choice. I like a stable life, and I don't like a wandering life like being a star. You know this."
	"You!"
	Victoria was so angry that she didn't know what to say.
	"You don't like to be an actress, but why are you still acting?"
	Natalia smiled.
	"Well, of course I do this because someone needs this! Don’t you know the reason? I want to get all her things.”
	Victoria was speechless.
	Why did she suddenly feel that her friend was a little different from the one she knew before?
	Natalia became so evil!
	But she liked it!
	Hearing what Natalia said, Victoria felt a little relieved.
	But she still asked worriedly, "What are you going to do now? How about I stand out and speak for you? If you explain to them, they may not believe you. Besides, if Shawn also helps Jessica, you will be in big trouble.”
	"After all, people still believe what I say in the circle. I don't like to talk about these things in usual times, so what I say will be more convincing. I should be able to help you."
	Natalia was moved by Victoria’s help. What a reliable friend Victoria was!
	However, she smiled, "No, don't worry. I can solve it myself."
	"Really?"
	"Well, I won't lie to you, really."
	Victoria was relieved to see that Natalia was so confident. She also knew that Natalia was not someone who liked to talk big.
	After hanging up the phone, Natalia received a call from Henry.
	She saw the name on the screen and smiled coldly.
	"Hello, Uncle Henry."
	"Is it Natalia? I'm sorry to bother you at this late hour. Are you busy?"
	Natalia stood up and walked to the window. Looking at the night outside, she said indifferently, "No. What can I do for you?"
	Henry sounded a little hesitant and embarrassed. "Here is the thing. You must have known the rumors on the Internet, right?"
	Natalia replied, "Yes."
	"It's indeed our fault. I didn't expect that Jessica would say something like that in front of the media. As for the case about you and Shawn, it’s Shawn’s fault. I apologize to you on his behalf."
	Natalia chuckled, "A year ago, Uncle Henry had already apologized to me on his behalf. I also accepted your apologies, so I think there's no need for you to apologize again today."
	Henry smiled awkwardly.
	"Yes, yes! I know that the rumor this time has had a great impact on you. Don't worry. I will punish that ignorant brat well later and let him personally come to apologize to you..."
	Natalia interrupted him, "Uncle Henry, what do you want to say? Don't beat around the bush. Just go straight to the point."
	Henry was stunned.
	He felt embarrassed to be exposed.
	But he had been in the business world for many years, and he was no longer the inexperienced lad to be troubled by this situation.
	Soon, he said, "Since you say this, I'll be frank with you."
	"I promised that I would give you three companies at that time, for exchange, you shouldn’t bring up what happened in the past. You are a girl of integrity. You have done a good job these years. It's Shawn and Jessica who are thoughtless and offended you again and again. But I still hope that you can let them go. If you need anything for exchange, just tell me."
	Natalia smiled coldly.
	"In your mind, I'm really a realistic and material woman!"
	Henry was speechless again.
	He sighed.
	"No. Don’t say that. In my mind, you are a smart girl. Smart kids always know what is better for them.”
	"In the business world, it's not the best choice to let both sides suffer losses. Mutual benefit and win-win are the conditions for stable development. Natalia, we had lost you as our daughter in law. It's the loss of the Miller family. Just please do me a favor again!"
	Natalia was quiet for a few seconds.
	Just when Henry thought she was going to refuse, he suddenly heard a very light voice, "Okay!"
	He was stunned.
	Natalia chuckled, "I agree, but I want something from Jessica. 10% of the Dawson Group."
	Henry's eyes widened.
	"The Dawson Group is … is not up to me."
	"The Dawson family should be happy to make a good relationship with the Millers! They are eager to please you and won't refuse your request. Besides, it was a good deal to trade 10% of the company for Jessica's reputation.”
	"Don't worry. As long as I get the shares, I promise that I won't mention anything about the relationship between the three of us, and I won't affect their relationship."
	The other side was in silence.
	Natalia was not in a hurry. She stood there and waited patiently.
	About half a minute later, Henry finally opened his mouth.
	"Okay! I will talk to them about the deal. But I can't guarantee whether they will agree or not."
	Natalia smiled, "Thank you, Uncle Henry."
	After hanging up the phone, Natalia turned her head to look at Nancy, who was sitting on the sofa and glaring at her.
	She raised her eyebrows, "It's so late. Why haven't you gone back to your room to sleep? Why are you sitting here?"
	Nancy asked angrily, "Natalia, how could you make such a deal with him? Mr. McCarthy can give you anything you want! Not to mention 10% of the Dawson Group, even if you want the whole Dawson Group, Mr. McCarthy can get it for you immediately! Why do you have to plead for their help?"
	Natalia couldn't help but burst into laughter.
	She stepped forward, pinched Nancy's face and said, "Silly girl, do you think I am that stupid? Jessica cares about her reputation so much. How could I be so stupid to sacrifice myself to help her?"
	Nancy's eyes widened.
	"Then why did you..."
	Natalia sneered.
	"Because someone has never experienced losing something. I just want them to have a try. I want them to see how they will feel after the things that they care about so much have been taken away one by one!”
Chapter 220 Perfidious
	"Jessica thought that she would be fine as long as she sealed my mouth, but she doesn’t know that she can never hide the mistakes that she has made.”
	"At that time, she will know that all she has done are in vain! I guess it will be much sadder for her than just losing her reputation!"
	Hearing Natalia’s merciless words and light tone, and seeing her cold face, Nancy felt that the air around her was a little cold. She couldn't help shivering.
	"Natalia, you are so horrible."
	Raising her eyebrows, Natalia looked at Nancy and said, "Nancy, I will be sad if you say that. Kindness to the enemy is cruelty to yourself, isn't it?"
	Nancy swallowed and nodded, "Yes, I understand. My instructors said the same word when we were training at the base."
	Natalia smiled and said, "It's good that you understand. It's late now. Go back to sleep."
	Nancy nodded and left.
	The next day.
	Public opinion on the Internet had reached its peak.
	Natalia had three million fans before this, but because of the interview video of Jessica, some fans who were not firm in their positions immediately left.
	No matter how beautiful and gorgeous she was, she had no good personality!
	She had stepped into the relationship between her sister and her sister’s boyfriend, and she also framed her sister. How vicious she was!
	But there were also a large number of loyal fans who guarded their positions.
	Unless Natalia admitted it in person, they would not believe any rumor.
	What was more, it was Jessica who spoke these words, which was even more untrustworthy.
	As for the onlookers, some trusted Natalia, and some trusted Jessica.
	The two groups of people were having a fight on the Internet every day.
	At this time, in the Dawson Mansion.
	In the living room sat the members of the Dawson family, and the father and son from the Miller family. The atmosphere was very serious.
	Henry said, "I've made everything clear to you. It’s up to you whether you agree or not. I believe you know how important Jessica's reputation is. You can consider it yourselves!"
	Clara was so angry that she broke a water cup.
	"This perfidious b*tch!"
	Philip echoed.
	"Yes, Mr. Miller promised to give her three companies to let her shut up! Why can she threaten us with this again now?”
	“If we compromise this time, does it mean that she can continue to extort money greedily and tirelessly next time?"
	Henry looked at him with displeasure as if he was looking at a fool.
	It was just Jessica who started it first.
	If Jessica hadn't talked nonsense in the interview, Natalia wouldn't have done that.
	But he couldn't say these words in front of the Dawson family.
	Finally, he said in a low voice, "Let's not talk about anything else. She has made her condition clear now. My suggestion is that you'd better discuss it as soon as possible. After all, it's only 10% of the company. Natalia is after all a member of the Dawson family. She deserves it.”
	"Besides, even if she gets the share, it won't make any difference. In other words, it won't have any impact on the Dawson family. But as a public figure, if Jessica is really accused of being a mistress, the consequences will be terrible."
	Philip was still unwilling to give up.
	"Why should those people believe what she says? I don’t think they will believe her words! She has no evidence and even returned the engagement papers. As long as Shawn insists on denying it, what else can she do to us?"
	Henry kept silent.
	After a long while, Shawn finally opened his mouth and said, "After all, we have been together for six years. If she really wants, it will be easy to find evidence. Text messages, phone calls, gifts, and … even Mrs. Wright can testify for her."
	Philip was speechless.
	Aleena frowned.
	"Although we tricked Mrs. Wright last time, I'm sure she would know the truth as long as she thinks about it. If Natalia comes to her and asks her for help, she will definitely help."
	Jessica panicked as she heard this.
	"Then what should we do? Mom, we can’t let her speak the truth! I can’t let her ruin my career!"
	Aleena patted her hand to comfort her and sighed helplessly.
	Just then, Clara took a look at Henry.
	Although she didn't say anything, she was old enough to be experienced, and had been in a high position for a long time. Naturally, she looked imposing.
	Henry didn't look into her eyes directly. Instead, he looked away slightly, with an unnatural look flashing in his eyes.
	Clara suddenly laughed.
	"Mr. Miller, since you have done so much for Jessica, of course we won't be ungrateful. In that case, we agree to this deal."
	"Mom!"
	Philip wanted to stop her but was stopped by Clara's sharp eyes.
	She continued, "Well, tomorrow is a good day. Let her come here the day after tomorrow. We will transfer the shares to her face to face, and by the way, we should also get the marriage certificate of Jessica and Shawn. In this way, we can completely get this matter done. What do you think, Mr. Miller?"
	Henry's back stiffened.
	Shawn's face turned cold beside Henry.
	After a while, Henry forced a smile.
	"Mrs. Dawson, marriage is a big deal. Isn't it too hasty?"
	"It's not a bad thing. They are all young people. It’s common for young couples to get married in a flash. They have been together for several years, so it's not hasty for them to get married as soon as possible. It’s also a comfort for me, an old woman. What do you think?"
	It was dead silence in the living room.
	Jessica's face was a little pale. Although the others in the Dawson family might not know that she had broken up with Shawn, Clara was aware of it.
	Perhaps it was just because of this that the old lady was in a hurry to let the two get the marriage certificate and settle the matter thoroughly.
	Jessica looked nervously at Shawn, who had a cold face without any joy.
	She couldn't help but feel a little upset. She wanted to say that since he was unwilling, there was no need to force him.
	Unexpectedly, Henry said, "Well, in that case, they should get married the day after tomorrow."
	Jessica was stunned.
	Shawn was also shocked.
	The two looked at Henry in disbelief.
	Henry stood up and reached out his hand to the old lady. "Since it's settled, let's meet the day after tomorrow. The wedding is hasty. It’s not good for Jessica, but don't worry. After that, the Miller family will definitely make up for her and give her a grand wedding."
	Clara and Philip also stood up happily and shook hands with him.
	"Mr. Miller, you're too polite. From now on, we are relatives by marriage. Please take care of Jessica for us."
	"That's what I should do."
Chapter 221 Mr. McCarthy Is Jealous
	No matter what was in their mind, they looked just as happy and gentle as they could ever be.
	Jessica's gaze wandered down. Her heart seemed to be pounding out of her chest. The excitement of the moment filled her soul.
	Shawn came to his senses after a terrible shock. He'd got his father's intentions.
	His face tightened. However reluctant he was, he could only keep silent.
	Henry left with Shawn after making a deal with Clara.
	When they got out, Shawn asked, "Dad, why do you promise them? You don't want me to marry Jessica, do you? What happened?"
	Henry kept a cold expression, looked at Shawn and said in a deep voice. "I have no choice.
	“To be honest, Miller Group encounters its crisis. A mysterious overseas group rich in funds wants to acquire Miller Group. Miller Group is still independent today all thanks to your uncles.
	“Recently, that group kicks up buying the shares of Miller Group. You know members of the board very well. Except your uncles, they only work for money.”
	“As long as the company can offer a good price, they'll sell their stocks sooner or later. By then, I can do nothing but lose control over Miller Group.
	“You are my only son. Miller Group is mine now, but yours in the future. Those members are hesitating. I'll try my best to persuade them to keep their shares.”
	“However, if the scandal of you abandoning Natalia was brought to light, what would they think?”
	“Natalia had been with you for six years and worked for Century Entertainment for two years, but you could abandon her willfully. Do you think those senior members that support you will ever believe you whole-heartedly again?”
	“Trust is hard to breed but easy to lose. Shawn, we cannot afford mistakes. Even if you have to marry that woman, you just have to.”
	Shawn had never expected the prosperous Miller Group to get into such a trouble.
	He was both shocked and reluctant.
	"But..."
	"Stop it. If you dislike her, you can just marry her and take her as a decoration.
	"I am wondering. You loved that woman very much, didn't you? Why do you refuse to marry her now? I am really angry that you're such an irresponsible man!"
	With that, Henry got into the car.
	The car door was slammed with a bang, which stopped Shawn from going further.
	He opened his mouth, watching the black car driving away, but failed to say anything.
	At the end, he could only sigh and walk towards his own car.
	In McCarthy Properties.
	Archie sat in the president office. The atmosphere was depressing.
	Brian stood opposite him with a cautious look. Looking at his boss's gloomier face, he felt his heart beating in his throat.
	Brian persuaded, "Mr. McCarthy, it's just part of Mrs. McCarthy's plan. Don't worry. She has called you and detailed her plan, right?"
	Archie sneered.
	"Her plan? Does she plan to let those airheads abuse her like this?"
	Brian was at a loss.
	How could he give Mr. McCarthy a pleasant answer?
	"Mrs. McCarthy is trying to let Shawn and Jessica pay for the price. You should support her instead of bringing her any trouble."
	Archie kept silent.
	He seemed to agree to Brian.
	Brian felt a bit relieved.
	In the next second, however, Archie's voice sounded, "She did so many things for this Shawn. Does she still love him? She wants to break up that couple so as to throw herself into his arms?"
	Brian's eyes widened.
	Seeing his boss's colder eyes with a touch of cruelty, Brian kept shaking his head.
	"Of course not, Mr. McCarthy, why do you have such thoughts? Look at you. You're the president of McCarthy Properties. You're handsome, rich and nice with Mrs. McCarthy. It's impossible for her to turn her back on you."
	Archie thought for a while and nodded, "That's true though."
	Brian wiped the cold sweat hurriedly.
	"Who do you think looks better? Shawn or I?"
	Brian was surprised.
	He was done.
	What was wrong with Mr. McCarthy?
	Mr. McCarthy always distained to compare himself with other men and thought himself the most handsome man. However, today Mr. McCarthy even raised such a question.
	Brian felt his boss too poor.
	But he hurried to answer, "You're more handsome. At best, I would say that Shawn is not bad. How could he be compared with you?"
	"Really?"
	"Of course. Your appearance and temperament are both remarkable. Shawn is good for nothing. Look at you. You're so masterful and manly. Every woman will have a crush on you at the first glance. Even Mrs. McCarthy is no exception."
	Archie turned his head and looked into his handsome face in the window.
	"Quite reasonable."
	Brian breathed a sigh of relief.
	He saved himself from getting into trouble by virtue of sweet words.
	Then, Archie said, "Natalia forbids me to go for her. I think, though we're on good terms, I can't be apart from her for so long, right?"
	Brian forced a smile.
	"Mr. McCarthy, what do you want to do?"
	Archie thought for a while, "Well, you go to pick some interesting gifts for her. Natalia doesn’t like jewelry. She likes something creative. Give me some advice. I'll do it myself."
	Knowing that Mr. McCarthy wasn't about to go for Natalia himself, Brian felt relieved, agreed and walked away.
	On the set.
	The shooting nearly came to an end. Everyone was busy with filming. The crew almost worked overnight.
	As the heroine, Natalia stayed up three nights to finish her part and was visibly wilting. Only then did Vicente allow her to rest for half a day.
	When she went back to the filming site, she saw a black Audi parking there. Shawn carried a bunch of roses, got off his car and walked to Jessica with a smile.
Chapter 222 Turns Facts Upside Down
	"Well, you come to see Jessica again!"
	“The roses are so beautiful! I feel so envious!”
	"Jessica is so happy. I heard that you've been married. Really?"
	Shawn walked to Jessica and handed over roses to her. With Jessica in his arms, he smiled at the public. "It's true. Thank you for the blessing."
	His answer touched off waves of applause.
	"Shawn, when will you hold the wedding?"
	"Well, we are all expecting your wedding party!"
	Shawn smiled, "I am making preparations. Today, I bring some sweets for everyone."
	Then, an assistant carried several large cases from the car, took some heart-shaped chocolates from them and gave everyone a box.
	The gift box was exquisite, with their wedding photo on it. They looked very happy in the picture.
	Everyone sent his congratulations.
	Then, the assistant took two boxes of sweets to Natalia.
	She handed them over to Natalia and said, "They are for you. Hope you can share the happiness of Shawn and Jessica."
	Nancy clenched her fist in anger and literally wanted to throw her fists on her face.
	Natalia stopped Nancy, smiled and took the boxes.
	"Thank you."
	That assistant's expression froze as Natalia took the boxes, but she went on handing out the remaining chocolate boxes without a word.
	An unknown actress mocked, "Someone turns the facts upside down and flatters herself, saying that someone stole her boyfriend. How embarrassed that woman must be as her lie is nailed."
	That actress said with sarcasm. People around understood what she meant, but they were in dumb silence.
	Natalia glanced at her and chuckled.
	"No wonder some actress can only play some unknown roles all her life. Directors do have a sharp eye.”
	“You just cannot give some strut in borrowed plumes any important task, or it will certainly ruin everything. Nancy, do you think so?"
	Nancy nodded with a smile, "Yes."
	That actress was enraged, "Natalia, what are you talking about?"
	"What? You certainly know what I mean."
	"You!"
	That actress was about to go forward to her. Nancy stood before Natalia, protective and powerful, and the actress immediately knew better than to continue.
	All knew that Natalia's bodyguard was good at fighting and should not be provoked.
	That actress could only flick her sleeves, turned her head and said to Jessica, "Jessica, just ignore her. She is jealous of you, like a fox that cannot eat the grapes."
	Jessica looked embarrassed.
	"Eva, my sister is straight-forward. She said that not on purpose. Please do not argue with her."
	"Jessica, look at her arrogant look. Why do you stand for her?"
	"You insulted her, so she paid you back. She is my sister and doesn't get me into trouble, why don't I stand for her?"
	Eva was speechless.
	People around chuckled.
	"Mind her own business. Even if Jessica and Natalia are not on good terms, they are sisters, after all. Why did she have the guts to walk over to bullshit Natalia?"
	"Well, she’s just as snobbish as always."
	"Natalia is the heroine, but she’s just a nobody. Mr. Langes arranged some scenes for her. She really takes herself for a big shot."
	The discussions and derisive laughter went into Eva's ear, and she felt so embarrassed. She flushed with anger.
	After a while, she snorted, "You are so ungrateful. I won’t ever bother to say anything for you anymore. I have something else to do, so I'll go ahead."
	Then Eva fled.
	Jessica walked over, holding Shawn's arms.
	"Natalia, thank you for your help."
	Natalia looked at them with a faint smile.
	"Don't flatter me. It's a deal, anyway. I can get ten percent of the Dawson Group."
	Shawn didn't look well.
	Natalia ignored it. Jessica held Shawn's arms tightly and chuckled, "No matter what, I appreciate you very much. Without your help, Shawn and I wouldn't have got married so soon. Am I right, Shawn?"
	Shawn tightened her face, with suppressed anger on his gentle face.
	After a while, he took a deep breath and said in a cold voice, "Yes, thank you, Natalia."
	Natalia's mouth twitched.
	Why did Shawn look at her like that?
	Did he blame her for minding their business?
	Natalia didn't bother to be on a second thought. Glancing at the clock, Natalia said calmly, "I'll go do my make-up. You go on handing out the boxes of sweets. Goodbye."
	With that, she left with Nancy.
	The audience saw them talk in a peaceful manner for such a long period of time and couldn't help being astonished.
	They had no idea that their issues with each other had stirred up a heated discussion.
	Why were they as calm as usual?
	The outsiders didn't know the deal between the Dawson family and Natalia.
	Natalia, who was now going through a torrent of verbal abuse on the Internet, didn't put on a sad or depressed look.
	They just felt it weird.
	So weird.
	However, no matter what others were thinking, Natalia lived a busy and full life.
	She seldom fiddled her phone or minded what people said online. Though she didn't mind what those people said, she wouldn't ask for trouble.
	Shawn had a bunch of flowers delivered to the set every day.
	He and Jessica just got married. Though he didn't come every day, his concerns and romance clung to Jessica.
	The ladies in the crew that didn't get married envied that very much.
	Some articles about their story were posted.
	The articles stated that they'd known each other since high school and been in love for five years.
	As these articles got more clicks, more people began to criticize Natalia on the Internet.
	Victoria couldn't stand it and refuted those comments.
	Her deed invited trouble. Some even commented that Victoria, as Natalia's good friend, must be a b*tch!
	Victoria was so angry that she smashed her keyboard.
	Her agent persuaded her not to be involved, but failed, and almost cried when looking at the broken keyboard.
Chapter 223 Present Flowers
	In the end, Victoria turned off comments on all her tweets.
	She decided not to involve herself in the argument.
	Natalia could do nothing else.
	To comfort Victoria, Natalia even told Victoria her plan in advance.
	Victoria, however, was too candid. She knew what people said about Natalia, and she couldn't help reading the comments. Then she was enraged by them.
	Natalia had been very indifferent all the time yet Archie was even more so.
	Brian was confused. His boss was so fond of Mrs. McCarthy. Why did he sit back and do nothing when everyone was just slandering Mrs. McCarthy?
	Brian even hinted at the possibility of doing something for Natalia.
	Even if he couldn't quash rumors, it could comfort Mrs. McCarthy more or less.
	A woman would be very fragile when getting into trouble.
	If Mrs. McCarthy knew her husband sat back and did nothing, she'd be disappointed."
	His boss, however, remined indifferent. Brian even suspected it was just someone in his boss’s disguise.
	Finally, Archie moved.
	He asked Brain, "Tell me something about the filming."
	Brian got refreshed and knew it was time to express his opinion, "The shooting will be over in a week. Mrs. McCarthy has been busy with the shooting these days. Basically, she has to work around the clock."
	Archie's brow tightened.
	He raised another question, "Anything else?"
	Brian was wondering what Archie wanted to know.
	So, he rolled his eyes, thinking about an interesting thing that he heard, and he said tentatively, "I heard that Mrs. McCarthy has been on good terms with Jessica. She isn't affected by what those people say on the internet, but some people are still making things difficult for Mrs. McCarthy.
	Just because Shawn had flowers delivered to Jessica every day, everyone thought that Mrs. McCarthy had really done something wrong…"
	Archie stopped writing.
	Brian's heart began to thump.
	He just knew it!
	He just knew it!
	Mr. McCarthy would certainly care about it.
	Then, he heard Archie's question, "What kind of flower?"
	"Red Roses."
	"Poor taste."
	Archie paused for moments and suddenly said, "Prepare nine thousand, nine hundred and ninety-nine red roses and have them delivered to Natalia."
	Brian was confused.
	His boss said it was poor taste.
	However, his boss still asked him to order red roses.
	Archie coughed very unnaturally as Brian stood still.
	"Well, I mean, it's a waste to give Jessica those roses. "
	Brian was speechless.
	"I see."
	His boss always told the truth, anyway.
	Brian went down to prepare the flowers. Archie sat for a while, thinking about something, tapped on his phone and looked at a picture on it.
	On it was a colorful pottery pot with lovely patterns, which looked artistic.
	He frowned.
	If he made such a pot for her himself, he could show his affections?
	Was it romantic?
	He didn't think so.
	Looking at his slender and fair finders and thinking that he had to hold the dirty mold to make a pottery pot, he was somewhat reluctant.
	Just then, someone knocked at the door.
	After Archie said, "Come in", an assistant entered his office, "Mr. McCarthy, we are ready."
	Archie nodded, putting down his phone.
	"Let them come in."
	"OK."
	Soon, a machine for making pottery pots was set and a professional tutor came in.
	"Mr. McCarthy, you want to learn doing pottery pots?"
	Archie looked a bit embarrassed but nodded.
	"Alright, please wear an apron and follow me around."
	And while Archie concentrated on learning doing pottery pots.
	On the other hand, a big truck broke into the set.
	The driver and delivery man jumped off the truck and asked the rest of the team to offload the stuff they had brought.
	After a while, bunches of red roses were set on the empty space of the filming site, making a sea of flowers.
	"Wow, so many roses? Where are these from?"
	"Who else could it be? Shawn keeps sending Jessica flowers these days. It must be him!"
	"Oh, my goodness. How romantic he is. I would say it’s normal if he just sent those flowers before they are married. However, they've been married now. Jessica must have done a lot of good things to get blessed like this and meet Shawn who loves her so deeply."
	"The flowers must cost a lot. We are not on the filming site but in a candy box. I feel so sweet."
	"I am so jealous. Jessica must be so happy."
	"She doesn't know this yet. Someone should go and tell her!”
	Someone found Jessica in the lounge, who was going to have a rest.
	"Jessica, why do you just sit here? Go out to have a look. Shawn have sent so many roses!"
	Jessica was stunned.
	Shawn had been quite cold at home these days, but he didn't embarrass her in front of others.
	They were quite estranged from each other since the last incident. She was busy with the shooting and had no time to explain, so she didn't force Shawn to do anything.
	She decided to explain to him when the shooting was over, but what did he mean now?
	Seeing Jessica stand still, that woman hurried to pull Jessica.
	"Anyway, hurry out to take a look."
	Jessica ran after that woman. Seeing bunches of red roses on the ground, she was in a daze.
	Were they all from Shawn?
	There were at least thousands of flowers.
	Shawn usually sent just a bunch of flowers.
	Jessica knew that he did it for show. That was enough.
	But now...
	He didn't have to send her so many roses just for show.
	Had Shawn forgiven her?
	She was excited. Just then, a man walked over and asked. "Are you Miss Dawson?"
	Jessica nodded, "Yes."
	"Great then! Nine thousand, nine hundred and ninety-nine roses for you. Please sign here."
	Jessica took the card and was about to sign, but suddenly saw a letter "M" on it.
	She was slightly stunned, but thinking it might be Miller, she didn't get far.
	After signing the receipt, she handed it over to him and thanked him with a smile.
Chapter 224 Wrong Person
	People around came to congratulate her.
	"Jessica, I am so jealous of you. You're so happy!"
	"Shawn is so nice with you and these roses must be proof of his deep love for you. If I were you, I would just go home be a happy Mrs. Miller."
	"Well, we are not as lucky as you to meet such a handsome and rich man."
	Some even took this opportunity to mock Natalia.
	"Well, Shawn only likes Jessica. However, somebody thinks too highly of herself, even having the illusion that Shawn had an affair with her."
	"Well, she may be paranoid. It's terrible. We'd better stay away from her."
	"Yes, she must have used some dirty tricks to get the part, but she thought of herself as some big shot. How ridiculous."
	"Call her out, so she can understand how nice Shawn is with Jessica. She must be very embarrassed."
	Surrounded by a group of women and praised by them, Jessica was very pleased.
	Satisfaction filled her heart and she seemed to be on a cloud. Then she smiled, "Stop that."
	Then she explained, "Natalia is very excellent. The devil made her do that. I've forgiven her. Please stop saying those words. Just do me a favor."
	"Jessica, you're too kind. You'll be harmed by her sooner or later."
	"Well, we'll stop that for your sake."
	When they were talking, the delivery man that had left with the card went back.
	He frowned, walked to Jessica and asked, "Miss, you're not Natalia?"
	It surprised Jessica.
	People around were also stunned.
	Someone roared the next second, "This is Jessica, not Natalia!"
	That man sighed.
	"You should make it clear. The flowers are for Natalia Dawson, not for you."
	With that, he checked Jessica's name off the card before everyone.
	Jessica was lost for words.
	People around were lost for words.
	Just then, Natalia came over and asked in confusion when seeing everyone's unnatural expressions. "What happened?"
	That man walked over and asked, "Hello, do you know where Natalia Dawson is?"
	Natalia was confused.
	"That’s me. What's up?"
	The man was happy as if he discovered some treasure, so he handed the card to Natalia.
	"Flowers presented by Mr. McCarthy. Please sign here."
	Natalia was confused.
	Looking at the red sea of roses before her, she felt somewhat dizzy.
	What the hell was Archie doing?
	People around stared at her, so she could only take it to sign her name.
	When she was signing, she found a name that had been checked off.
	Though it was checked off, Natalia could tell it was Jessica's name.
	She couldn't help but cock her brow, with a cunning look.
	Not far away, Jessica flushed with embarrassment and anger.
	She had never been so awkward before.
	The several girls that elbowed out and mocked Natalia for Jessica realized this thing did embarrass Jessica, so they looked at Jessica, apologetically, "Jessica, we're not..."
	"Stop it!"
	Jessica shouted to interrupt, gave Natalia a fierce look and turned around to leave.
	Natalia signed her name and handed the card to the man.
	The delivery man took it with a smile, "Thank you, Miss Dawson. Hope you can be together happily forever."
	With that, the man handed her a letter before leaving with the card.
	Some curious people walked over.
	"Natalia, who has sent so many flowers."
	"He should be a rich man, right?"
	"Is that man lusting after you? Or, you've been in love?"
	"Natalia, you must be so happy. We're jealous!"
	They flattered Natalia the same way they flattered Jessica.
	However, Natalia kept an indifferent look, put away the letter and said, "Well, just a friend. Don't go far with it. I have to prepare my part, so I'll go ahead."
	With that, she turned around and walked to the lounge.
	Someone couldn't help but snort.
	"It's so annoying to see her arrogant disposition."
	"I agree. She found a sugar daddy since she failed to seduce Shawn."
	"How pretentious, right? I was just trying to be polite. Does she really think we're envious? She does take herself as a big shot!"
	Anyway, the crowd that had gathered for a show just dispersed like that.
	Natalia sat on the sofa of the lounge. She was amused by the pink letter in her hand.
	This man...
	The pink letter was quite delicate in design, and the paper was obviously of high quality with a granular texture. Gold silk thread circled the paper, and a sentence was written on the middle.
	"I've got you under my skin, deep in my heart. –M”
	She reached out to stroke those gold letters. After a while, she couldn't help but smile.
	Though he failed to sit back and do nothing as she required, he didn't break his promise, for he didn't sign his name on it.
	Natalia thought for a while and called Archie.
	Archie was having a meeting.
	His phone suddenly rang. He paused and said, "Let's take a break. I'll be back in ten minutes."
	Then he went out with his phone.
	The staff had been used to the fact that their boss would occasionally pick up his phone during the meeting.
	Rumors had it that their boss kept a woman in his house and loved her deeply.
	For her, their boss did many things he had never done before.
	Some were even sad about it.
	Their boss had been so aloof and only cared about his work. Why was he so obsessed with a woman now?
	Women often brought trouble. Their boss should be meticulous!
	However, Archie wouldn't hear these discussions.
	He stood at the corridor and answered the phone with a gentle voice, "Lia, Did you get the flowers?"
	Natalia said neither yes nor no, but asked, "What do you mean? Why do you give me so many roses?"
Chapter 225 As Long As You Like It
	Archie's heart thumped.
	She didn't seem to be happy!
	Would it be that she didn't like red roses?
	He explained, "You're busy with the shooting, so I sent some roses to make you happy!"
	Natalia sneered, "Why don't you send yourself here?"
	Hearing that, Archie was immediately excited.
	"Really? Can I?"
	Natalia gritted her teeth.
	She patted her forehead, speechlessly.
	She shouldn't have said that.
	She coughed and changed the topic, "Well. the roses are pretty. I like them."
	Well, she had to say something to make him happy sometimes.
	She was happy for a moment, but she felt it troublesome when thinking about how to handle them. They were in the way. It was a pity to throw them away and it was not good to give them to someone else.
	Thinking that the man had sent all these roses and a letter here just to let her know how much he loved her, she'd better not waste them.
	Lest he felt heartbroken.
	Hearing that, Archie was in a better mood.
	"Whatever you like, just tell me. I'll just send them over."
	Natalia stopped him, "No, don't send anything next time."
	It was not because she wasn't a high-profile person, but that the status of Archie was very special.
	She'd better keep a low profile or her relations with Archie might be found out.
	Archie felt unhappy hearing that.
	"Why do I feel that you dislike me very much."
	Natalia chuckled.
	"How dare I. I just feel you don't have to make it a big deal. Others will think I am competing.
	Archie curled his lips.
	"It's not a problem. My lover woman the best."
	Natalia was speechless.
	"Well, if you say so. It's late. I have to get down to my business."
	Archie hurried to say something more before they hung up the phone.
	In the next days, they found there seemed to be some sort of competition between Natalia and Jessica going on in the filming site.
	Whenever Jessica received a gift, Natalia would receive a better and more expensive gift of the same kind.
	For example, Shawn sent Jessica nine hundred and ninety-nine flowers. Natalia would receive nine thousand, nine hundred and ninety-nine flowers.
	After Jessica got a diamond ring, Natalia would get a bigger, more dazzling and exquisite diamond ring.
	After Jessica got a customized dress, a top-notch dress designer came to the filming site to make a dress for Natalia.
	They couldn't help but be astonished.
	What happened? Whoever had sent those gifts must be so rich!
	Rumors had it that Natalia wormed her way between Jessica and Shawn. So, who gave her so many gifts?
	That man could always give better gifts than Shawn and didn't seem afraid of offending him.
	It could be seen that that man must be more powerful than Shawn.
	Was he Natalia's boyfriend?
	Soon all kinds of speculations spread across the crew.
	Natalia was at a loss for what to do.
	Though she felt it uneasy being stared by them, she raised no objections to Archie's deed seeing Jessica's awkward and angry expression.
	Rumors went around.
	Some of the girls in the crew had helped Jessica and made fun of Natalia before when they saw Shawn coming to Jessica every day.
	And now, to their surprise, Jessica had received so many gifts. Especially when they saw a large ruby sent to Natalia, they were really envious.
	An ordinary man, no matter how rich he was, couldn't buy it with money.
	It was usually in the collection of some tycoons. Now, it was sent to Natalia as a gift, indicating Natalia's sugar daddy was not only influential but generous to Natalia.
	Even a fool understood what it meant.
	Therefore, the public opinion in the crew became partial to Natalia.
	They elbowed out Jessica just the same way they elbowed out Natalia.
	Jessica had never been treated like that, so she got furious.
	However, those women didn't mention her name, so Jessica had no way to vent her anger and became more depressed.
	That night, she heard someone delivering a set of coral jewelry with perfect quality and craftsmanship to Natalia. It was said to be the dowry of a princess in the Middle Ages.
	Most of them at the filming site felt surprised when they saw the set of jewelry, so they were talking about it during the dinner.
	Jessica held the meal box and sat down, listening to their conversation, somewhat jealous of Natalia.
	How could this bitch be loved so deeply?
	She had never seen that set of jewelry with her own eyes. Several years ago, when this set was auctioned, she saw it on a magazine.
	It was indeed beautiful and seemed to be bought by a mysterious man at three hundred million or so.
	That mysterious man should be Archie.
	Was he stupid? He even used jewelry worth three hundred million to please a mistress?
	Ridiculous.
	It was so ridiculous.
	She should feel it ironic, but she was still somewhat jealous of Natalia.
	She was not worse than Natalia. Why couldn't she have such a good thing?
	More importantly, Jessica couldn't put up with the gazes of those people.
	They threw mocking and disdainful gazes at her as if she was a joke.
	Just meeting those gazes, Jessica almost collapsed.
	Finally, in the evening, Jessica asked Shawn to send something more valuable to her.
	Hearing that, Shawn instantly felt Jessica went crazy.
	"Why do you ask for expensive jewelry? I've given you several rings and necklaces."
	Jessica gritted her teeth.
	"They were nothing. You know? Natalia could get a variety of valuable gifts every day. Today, she even received a set of coral jewelry. I just want something better. Do I go too far?"
	"So, you just want to keep up with her?"
	Jessica bit her lips, somewhat embarrassed.
	"Shawn, don't worry. I'll pay you back. You should know the rules of the entertainment circle. Natalia and I are in the same crew. If they think I am inferior to her in all aspects, they will consider letting her endorse luxury brands instead of me. I do all this for my career."
	Shawn snorted with a half-smile.
Chapter 226 An Argument
	“Enough; don’t you think I can tell what’s going through your mind? Everything Natalia’s had growing up, haven’t you always tried to take? Aren’t you just jealous that she’s having it better than you now, so you want me to make up for it? Have you lost all your brains to the cameras, Jessica Dawson? What do you think the Miller family is? An ATM machine for you to use at your liking?”
	Jessica had never expected Shawn to say something so cold.
	She sat there in disbelief, her fingers trembling around her phone.
	“Shawn! How could you say something like that? Haven’t I done my part all these years? If it hadn’t been to be with you, would I have had to bow and scrape all these years? And you’re treating me like this at the end? Who was it that said he would love me and pamper me all his life and dragged me into this pit in the first place? I’ve never done you wrong, Shawn, but what about you? Forget your wavering, I’m just having you give me a present. With an attitude like that, do you think you’re getting the short end of the stick with this marriage? Or maybe you never wanted to marry me in the first place?”
	Jessica shrieked into the phone, while Shawn frowned viciously.
	“I didn’t say I didn’t want to marry you.”
	“Then what did you mean by that?”
	“I…”
	His father’s warnings echoed in his ear, and Shawn finally managed to tamp down his anger.
	Patiently, he said, “I’m just saying that the most important thing right now is to have the outside world believe that we’re in a loving relationship. There’s no need to compete with her. A real intimate relationship doesn’t concern itself with things like that. What matters is compatibility and understanding between the couple. What do you think?”
	Jessica clenched her fists, her whole body tightening.
	After a while, she said coldly, “And what if I just have to have it?”
	On the other end, Shawn’s expression darkened too.
	“Can you grow up, Jessica?”
	“Grow up? So I just deserve getting squashed under her foot? I deserve being worse off than her in every way? I can’t take that! You’re my husband. Your wife is getting bullied out there; shouldn’t you stand up for me as my husband? Or are you really so afraid of Archie McCarthy’s power that you’re wary of even offending Natalia? If you want to be a coward, then just say it! If I really can’t rely on you, I won’t force you. There are plenty of men in the world I can turn to!”
	“Jessica!”
	A roar came from the other end of the line.
	Realizing what she’d said in the heat of the moment, Jessica paled and tried to explain. “Shawn…”
	Shawn sneered.
	“What? Finally said something you actually meant? Fine! If you think I can’t stand up to other people, go find those people instead. Really, I don’t mind at all.”
	“I didn’t mean it that way…”
	“I don’t care what you meant! Remember this – your identity as a Mrs. Miller was just a deal we cut with the Dawson family. With the deal over, we’ll go our separate ways. Don’t darken my doorway again. That’s that! Goodbye!”
	With that, he hung up.
	Jessica froze there.
	The dead line stabbed into her heart like a blade of cold steel.
	And the man’s ruthless hairpin words dug their way still deeper.
	A deal?
	Go their separate ways?
	Ha-ha…
	Some things she’d never been willing to face head-on finally reared their ugly heads into the light, dropping her into the depths of despair.
	‘You think of me like that, Shawn?’
	‘The real feelings I’ve put on the table all these years was just a deal to you?’
	Ha-ha… Hahaha…
	What an amusing, ironic farce!
	Jessica clutched her phone and started laughing. Tinted with madness, her laughter continued until she trembled, the tears flowing.
	Everything Shawn had said today was a personal affront!
	‘I’ll make you regret it one day!’
	…
	Two days later.
	“Strategies for Cannon Fodder” had had its ups and downs, but all the same, the cast was finally clear.
	All the shooting was over, and the rest of the people finally got a moment to catch their breath. Still, as the core cast members, Natalia and Mac couldn’t completely relax like the rest of them just yet.
	They still needed to cooperate with the ad campaign, which included Jessica and two other more important actors to the story.
	After finishing a few announcements, it was overall going well.
	Jessica still had a problem with Natalia, but for some reason, she didn’t look too well these days.
	Her whole bearing seemed drowsy, as if she’d taken some huge impact. She’d also lost a fair bit of wait.
	Worried she was getting tired, Vicente had her go back and rest, but Jessica didn’t agree.
	Ever since that night she’d argued with Shawn, she’d never been able to calm down.
	At least there was something to do following the cast around on the ad campaign, which took her mind off things.
	If she really had to stay home on her own, she would probably go crazy!
	Natalia didn’t know what had happened between her and Shawn, so she ignored her. Thankfully, because of her foul mood, Jessica didn’t have the energy to come and pick fights, which meant a bit of calm all around.
	Just today, Vicente gave Natalia a call telling her that there was a charity event for the evening that he wanted her to attend alongside Jessica.
	An event like this wasn’t just for charity. It was also a large scene where actresses fought to draw attention.
	Natalia was in a black tuxedo dress for the day. It gave off an aura of cold beauty. With her hair done up and a starry diamond necklace around her neck, she seemed all the more gleamingly elegant for it.
	Vicente took her around the place and chatted for a while with some investors.
	He wasn’t good at talking business, but as unskilled as he was for such a scene, he couldn’t pass it up.
	And with all her years in PR, Natalia knew the dance a lot of the time. Between the two of them, they managed to make up for each other.
	Jessica was late. In the past, she’d always attend banquets like this with Shawn.
	Suddenly having to show up alone today gave her a sick feeling in her gut.
	The intense sensation of loss dimmed her carefully made up features a bit.
	Ally couldn’t follow her in, but she escorted her to the door.
	As they got out of the car, she said quietly, “I’ve asked Mr. Miller, Miss Dawson. Seems like he’s busy tonight and won’t come.”
	Jessica’s footsteps stopped for a moment. Then she sighed lightly.
	“All right.”
	With that, she strode inside.
Chapter 227 Coming For Her
	With their relationship this strained, it was best that she and Shawn not see each other for now.
	Just in case more things went down in public.
	Still, as logical as that was, knowing that he wouldn’t show up still got her down.
	After all, she’d deliberately had Ally call Shawn with the intention of softening her stance and submitting. With his brains, Shawn would have gotten the message.
	But he still wouldn’t come.
	Which proved that he didn’t accept her gesture. Or that he was sulking with her.
	Thinking of that, Jessica laughed self-deprecatingly, her sense of loss growing.
	“Jessica!”
	At that moment, an overjoyed voice rang out.
	She lifted her head and saw a fully dolled-up girl lifting her skirt and jogging over.
	Taken aback, she only recognized her after a long while.
	“Marie? What’s… with your face…”
	Marie dipped her head, looking self-conscious. “Not so loud, Jessica. I had the surgery not long ago overseas. It’s a high-class exquisite face. Well? Am I pretty or not?”
	Jessica was temporarily speechless.
	Looking at Marie’s chin – you could probably stab someone to death with that thing – and eerily large eyes, she tugged at a corner of her mouth awkwardly.
	“Y-you’re pretty.”
	“Hehe, I knew I looked pretty.”
	Marie took Jessica’s arm and smiled, “Sorry, Jessica. I was still in recovery a while back and couldn’t come out to see anyone, so I didn’t get to congratulate you on getting married with Shawn. I’ll make up for it here, then – congratulations.”
	The moment that came up, Jessica’s scarce smile faded.
	Mildly, she said, “Thanks.”
	Not noticing her strange expression, Marie looked around for a bit, didn’t see Shawn, and asked, “Eh? Where’s Shawn? He’s not coming with you today?”
	“No, he’s got business, so he can’t come.”
	“Say whaaaaat? This man is just different after you got married. Before your wedding, didn’t he follow you wherever you went? Now that you’re newlyweds, he’s not showing up for a scene this important? Really, now!”
	Jessica’s face froze, her suppressed rage surging, about to explode from her chest.
	She tugged her arm free of Marie’s grip and said coldly, “All right, I’ve got other matters to attend to. Go have fun. I’ll be going now.”
	With that, she hurried towards Vicente on her own.
	The cold shoulder dazed Marie a little, who stood there unable to react for a while.
	At that moment, a male voice exclaimed from the doorway.
	“It’s been forever, Shawn; what a surprise it is seeing you here today!”
	Jessica’s back stiffened.
	She turned around in disbelief. Coming from the door, being greeted and embraced by a middle-aged man, was none other than Shawn Miller.
	He was wearing a white suit today and as gentlemanly as ever. His handsome features shone under the lights, making him look like a dazzling medieval prince.
	She could feel her heart start thumping uncontrollably.
	Did you come, Shawn?
	Did you come for me?
	She knew that Shawn couldn’t have gone on without her.
	Everything he’d said before was just in the heat of the moment!
	After all, he’d been spoiled from childhood and had never been angered too badly. It was normal to say things like that when he was in the grips of his temper.
	She didn’t blame him, really!
	Jessica felt her eyes sting. A hot, slightly salty liquid rolled down her cheeks.
	She turned around swiftly and dabbed it off with her handkerchief.
	Still, as fast as she was, Marie still saw it from a short distance away.
	She looked at Shawn, then back at Jessica, and understood.
	Uncertainly, she walked over to Jessica and murmured, “Jessica, did you… argue with Shawn?”
	Jessica rubbed her tears off and settled her face. “Don’t make things up.”
	“Fine! You don’t need to tell me anything, but now that Shawn’s come over now, he must know that he’s done something wrong and come over to apologize! Husband and wife quarrels are settled soon enough, so cool off and don’t get mad, okay?”
	She felt like this cousin of hers was great all around, just too arrogant.
	Managing to snag someone like Shawn – if the two maintained a good relationship, maybe as her cousin, she could also reap some benefit.
	So, she definitely didn’t want to see Jessica utterly offend Shawn because of her own pride.
	Having known her for so many years, of course Jessica saw through her private thoughts.
	She curved her lips mockingly but didn’t say anything. After all, deep inside, she agreed.
	It made sense. The two were fighting, but if one side was willing to step down, the other side should step down too if they weren’t stupid.
	It’d be stupid to hold a grudge on purpose.
	She sucked in a deep breath and felt the pent-up tension from days past finally dissipate a little.
	She started measuring her posture and attitude if Shawn was coming over to her.
	She ought to say something to make it clear she wasn’t completely over it, but not so mad that he’d really leave and not turn back.
	Complete forgiveness was a no-go since it’d make her seem easy.
	Any more friction from now on, and he’d feel no problem hurting her.
	So she had to get it just right. Not too much, but not so lax that it seemed like she didn’t care.
	As she was considering things, Jessica saw Shawn turn towards her after he was done chatting with the man.
	Her heart jolted and it almost felt like it would stop.
	Biting her lip, she took a deep breath and tightened her posture. Shawn hesitated, then finally stepped towards her.
	Tears swam in Jessica’s eyes.
	He really was here for her!
	The bastard!
	Why did he have to say those things that day?
	In the heat of the moment or not, those had really stung!
	Why couldn’t he just pamper her more?
	She’d been with him for five years!
	Jessica felt an urge to cry, but she held it in considering the time and place.
	If he’d just say one word of apology, she’d forgive him on the spot!
	She’d never compare anything from now on or go after anyone. So long as he’d love her with all his being and stay by her side, she wouldn’t ask for anything else.
	The value of some things only became apparent when one was about to lose them.
Chapter 228 For Her Alone
	All these years, she’d fought endlessly and ceaselessly, causing her to neglect what she truly, deeply wanted.
	She could see it clearly now. What she wanted all along was Shawn’s love!
	Jessica clenched her fingers close, her knuckles turning almost completely white from the force. Her whole body trembled slightly from her massive emotional upheavals.
	Shawn approached, each step bringing him closer to her.
	His face showed a happy smile.
	Warm and bright, under the lights, it was the smile of royalty.
	He was getting closer and closer now.
	She could almost smell the nostalgic scent of his cologne.
	She’d picked that cologne for him personally. Because she liked it, he’d used it every day.
	The brand of cologne was called Lockheart, and it was exactly what she wanted. To lock his heart in place for her alone, for no one else to take.
	Jessica’s feelings rose and fell like an ocean tide.
	Seeing that Shawn was in front of her, her face lit up, and she walked forward, calling lightly, “Shawn…”
	But the man simply took one look at her and turned away.
	Without stopping, his footsteps brought him past her and behind her.
	Jessica froze there.
	Her face full of disbelief.
	She turned around gingerly towards where Shawn had headed.
	In a corner close to the bar, Natalia stood close together with Vicente, discussing something with another middle-aged man.
	The group had polite and elegant smiles on their faces. Each held a tall glass. Under the light, the curve of Natalia’s swanlike neck looked like a work of art, porcelain pale and gleaming, inviting an irresistible embrace.
	Shawn walked next to them and said something. The people there toasted Natalia and left.
	Vicente patted Natalia on the shoulder and left with them.
	Shawn just stood there, looking with a deep, guilty expression at Natalia. Natalia simply looked at him with a half-smile on her face.
	Their gazes met with no hint of hostility or difference. The two stood there, pretty as a painting, both breathtaking.
	Jessica seemed to understand something.
	And her heart crumbled instantly.
	She started cackling with insane laughter, growing louder and madder until she started convulsing as she wept!
	Marie jerked back, terrified at the scene. The surrounding crowd looked over, curious.
	“Hehehehehehahahahahah…”
	Jessica was still cackling, a demented woman who’d fallen into despair. As she convulsed, her tears smudged up her mascara, and her whole being was simply raggedly pitiful. She looked like an abandoned spouse, which she was.
	“What – what’s going on?”
	Everyone was taken aback.
	Someone whispered, “Has – has she gone mad?”
	“Maybe she’s high on something.”
	At that, everyone looked at each other. Marie reacted quickly and went up to tug at Jessica, urging, “Stop it.”
	In the corner, Natalia looked at the scene and cocked an eyebrow.
	“Your wife’s over there going nuts, Mr. Miller. Aren’t you going to see to her?”
	Shawn shot a glance at the maddened Jessica, his expression cold.
	“It’s not enough for her to embarrass herself. She wants me to embarrass myself right alongside her?”
	Natalia’s lips twitched mockingly, and she didn’t say anything about it.
	Marie had had enough. Unable to rein in Jessica, she walked over.
	Pointing to Shawn, she raged, “Jessica’s already like this, Shawn, and you’re still here chatting up this slut? Isn’t she your wife? Aren’t you going to look after her?”
	Shawn’s expression was dark as he looked at her.
	After a while, he still took up his phone and called in two bodyguards.
	The bodyguards moved quickly. Despite Jessica’s loud protests, they muffled her and dragged her away.
	Looking at their rough handling, Marie turned white, a little intimidated.
	She looked astonished over at Shawn, demanding, “That’s your wife, Shawn Miller; how could you?”
	Shawn looked at her coldly, not a bit of warmth in his gaze. “I thought you told me to look after her? An important scene like this and she’s out here losing her mind; what do you think I should have done?”
	Marie had no words.
	The Millers had a reputation to protect.
	As the young master of the Miller family, Shawn naturally cared even more about face.
	Jessica’s sobs and laughs had already drawn plenty of attention.
	If he’d gone over and Jessica had thrown another tantrum, everyone here tonight would know that Shawn Miller had no ability to control his own wife and erupted into an argument with Jessica in full view of the public eye.
	So having the bodyguards remove her was the best solution.
	Marie shook her head, looked at the mild-mannered man before her, unable to believe that this was still the same Shawn who’d showered Jessica with affection.
	She took two steps back, muttering, “That’s too much! That’s just too much!”
	With that, she sprinted after Jessica.
	The farce came to an end.
	Plenty of people had still been shocked, but they hadn’t had the time to react and weren’t too sure what was going on.
	Lifting his glass, Shawn walked up and toasted with a smile. “Apologies. My wife has had a bit too much to drink and disturbed everyone here. I’ll apologize in her place.”
	Seeing that, everyone managed to react and raised their own glasses.
	“No need for that. So long as Mrs. Miller is all right.”
	“Yeah, no need to be so formal, Mr. Miller.”
	Natalia looked at the scene and suddenly found it all very funny.
	She knew better than anyone what kind of person Shawn was.
	This man had deceived her under the guise of tenderness all those years ago, and now he had deceived Jessica too.
	When in reality, from start to finish, he’d only ever loved himself.
	Thinking of that, Natalia’s eyes dipped, and she felt that she was actually quite lucky now.
	Lucky enough to see him for what he was early on. Lucky enough to meet that man now who gave her a new life.
	She strode off towards the other side.
	Seeing that, Shawn followed her.
	“I’ve still got something to talk about with you, Natalia.”
	“Mr. Miller!”
	Natalia stopped in her footsteps and turned around, smiling.
	“If you need anything, tell me over the phone another time. Calling after me like this in broad daylight will draw misunderstandings, you know.”
	She turned around and went on her way.
	Shawn’s face changed subtly.
	“Do you still hate me, Natalia?”
	Natalia blinked.
	She looked at him, amused.
	“Why would I hate you?”
	“Because…”
	The words caught in his throat and wouldn’t come out for some reason.
Chapter 229 I Don’t Hate You
	After a while, he lowered his head and said dejectedly, “Because I betrayed you and did so many things to you. I even bullied you along with other people. Would you keep on hating me for that?”
	Natalia raised an eyebrow.
	Was this gesture of lowering his head one of guilt?
	She chuckled and shook her head.
	“No, I don’t hate you.”
	Shawn shook, looking at her in disbelief as his pupils expanded slightly.
	“Why?”
	“Because hatred means I still keep you in my mind. I have no real need to keep in my mind someone who doesn’t matter to me at all for petty hate.”
	With that, her lips parted slightly, and she really turned around and left.
	Shawn stood there, rooted to the spot as he looked at her receding back. His heart throbbed, and his brain felt like it had taken a lightning bolt right down the middle. His whole body stiffened.
	What did she say?
	She didn’t hate him, just because he was someone who didn’t matter to her in her life.
	He didn’t matter?
	Heh! Heh heh hah hah hah!
	Six years. Six years she’d given to him, and she could let it all go this easily?
	She could say she didn’t need him just like that?
	She could say she didn’t like him just like that?
	She could say he didn’t matter just like that?
	Who gave her the right?
	What made her think she could say he didn’t matter?
	Weren’t those six years the best time of her life?
	Even with the flow of time, even with someone else beside her, she shouldn’t have lumped him in with those people who didn’t matter!
	After all, he was her first love. Weren’t first loves supposed to be the one, the deepest and most secretive part of the heart?
	No, he didn’t believe it!
	He wouldn’t believe it!
	As if thinking of something, Shawn’s eyes shone with gleaming heat.
	Stepping out, he chased after her.
	*****
	Natalia didn’t linger in the banquet.
	For no other reason than that it was getting late, and the old ball and chain was starting to get antsy at home.
	Archie was holding a grudge for her going out without bringing him along.
	He swore, whichever day she saw fit to go public with their relationship, he would let the whole world know he was her man, and what really was between them!
	Hmph!
	The man was sitting at home sulking when he heard the car trundle up from outside. His eyes lit up and he stood.
	Then he sat back down again the next second.
	What was he getting so excited for?
	She was just coming back, wasn’t she?
	She had to come back eventually!
	Hmph!
	He sat down heavily on the leather sofa. To show how casual he was being, he crossed one long leg over the other.
	It still wasn’t enough. He took up a nearby financial magazine, flipped it open and pretended to read.
	That was what Natalia saw when she stepped foot inside.
	In the spacey, luxurious living room, a certain handsome man sat on the sofa, legs crossed, magazine in hand, reading the heck out of it.
	She had to smirk as she changed her shoes and walked over.
	“I’m back, husband dear.”
	Archie didn’t even look up.
	He just grunted.
	Natalia put her bag down and sat down next to him, encircling her hands around his arm.
	“It’s been a few hours; did you miss me? Have you been a good boy at home?”
	Archie kept his face cold as he tugged his arm out of her grasp.
	Without an expression showing, he said, “No.”
	Natalia cocked an eyebrow at his gesture.
	Playing hard to get, was he!
	She stood up and walked upstairs.
	Archie blinked, not understanding why she’d just up and left.
	Wasn’t she supposed to pamper him at a time like this?
	He was this low and wasn’t coming out of his shell with a bit of pampering, so couldn’t she just pamper him a bit more?
	Was she this disinterested in him now?
	She’d gotten impatient after not even five minutes of pampering him?
	Thinking of that, the man’s already ill mood got even worse!
	He set the magazine down heavily on the tea table and scoffed, sitting there sulking.
	If she didn’t want to pamper him, she didn’t want to pamper him; he didn’t care!
	As they said, women got worse the more you got used to each other. It looked like he’d been too lenient with her, and now she didn’t care about him anymore!
	He just sat there and continued to sulk.
	Then Natalia came downstairs with something in her hand.
	“All right, don’t get mad. I know you’re unhappy because I didn’t bring you out with me. My bad, okay? Come on, now, be a good boy and take your medicine.”
	Archie had been sick the past couple days. The doctor had prescribed some cold medicine for him and had him take one pill before sleeping every night.
	Archie looked at the small, pale hand passing him the pill, then at the warm water in her other hand, then at her face.
	His depression swept away in an instant.
	She wasn’t ignoring him.
	She was just going to get his cold medicine.
	With this much care, it proved that he was still important to her.
	Archie cheered up immediately.
	Still, he was the Mr. McCarthy. He didn’t let his happiness show on his face.
	Without changing his expression, he grunted, took the pill and swallowed it with water before saying, “When can we go public with our relationship?”
	Natalia chuckled dryly, “I happen to think it’s quite nice now!”
	“Nice my ass!”
	The man swore, dissatisfied.
	Natalia had no reply.
	“Am I an eyesore? Enough that you didn’t want the public to see me?”
	She shook her head hurriedly.
	“I definitely never thought like that. Er… the main reason is the right time hasn’t come yet.”
	“Heh!” Archie scoffed. “You think I’d buy that? Out with it! Do you want to huddle away like this forever? Eh?”
	Natalia denied it.
	“No, I promise.”
	“If promises were always held, what do we need the police for?”
	She had no answer to that, either.
	“I don’t care, just give me a date.”
	Natalia thought about it. Consider how jealous Archie got and the way they were hiding away, this couldn’t go on.
	So she said, “Let’s get a little more time pass. When I’ve completely dealt with my mother’s business, I’ll agree to anything you want.”
	That satisfied him.
	Seeing that she’d placated the dragon, Natalia sighed.
	Then she thought of what she’d gone through at the charity event, found it funny, and told Archie.
	He sneered after hearing the story.
	“Pond scum like Shawn Miller talking about love? What an insult to the word.”
	Natalia cocked an eyebrow.
	“He doesn’t get to talk about love, but you do?”
	“Of course.”
	The man didn’t find anything wrong with what he’d said. He hugged her tightly in his arms and murmured, “Before I met you, I thought that I didn’t deserve it. But after all this, I knew I had to wake up.”
	Natalia let out a moan. “Mhn… don’t… go upstairs…”
Chapter 230 Threat of Suicide
	Meanwhile.
	The bodyguards directly escorted Jessica back to the Miller household.
	Henry wasn’t home these few days. He’d gone out of the city for business. So aside from the servants, there was only Jessica and Shawn at home.
	Seeing Jessica get dragged back by a pair of bodyguards, everyone jumped for shock.
	The lead maid came up to see what was going on, but the bodyguards glared her back.
	The well-built men looked at them and rumbled, “This is the young master’s will. The madam can only stay in her room tonight. None of you are allowed to let her out or see her, and that’s that.”
	“But why?”
	“What’s with the questions? Whatever the young master says, we do. There’s no need to ask about anything else.”
	With that, the two bodyguards left.
	Jessica’s hysterical sobs and the sound of crashing and splintering came from the bedroom.
	The servants looked at each other and didn’t dare say anything.
	It took until morning the next day for Shawn to get back.
	The moment he entered, the servants in the house looked at him like their savior was here, with burning eyes.
	Expressionlessly, he asked, “Where’s the madam?”
	“S-she’s upstairs! She was smashing things for a full night and only stopped at four or five in the morning.”
	He sneered mockingly.
	That’s how this woman was.
	The moment she came up against something she didn’t like, all she knew was to break things and throw tantrums. She wasn’t capable of anything else.
	Not like Natalia, who always had a logical solution.
	He never thought that way when he was with Natalia, and he’d disliked her calmness and rationality.
	He’d felt that she lacked feminine pride and sensibility.
	At that time, Jessica’s tantrums and self-centeredness had seemed cute to him.
	The purest expression of girlhood.
	Shawn walked upstairs.
	Maybe because she’d gone at it all night and really was tired, but when the servants opened the door and he went in, it wasn’t the messy interior that he saw but the woman lying on the rug in the center of the bedroom, sleeping soundly.
	She’d taken a razor to the entire mattress, the photo frame on the wall, the makeup on the vanity, the clothes in the closet.
	All of it had been shredded. Even a full robbery was less devastating than this scene.
	As prepared as the servants were, they still recoiled.
	Shawn, though, was quite calm.
	He’d expected an image like this, so he didn’t really feel anything at the sight.
	He was just a bit surprised as he looked at the sleeping woman on the rug.
	Looked like she wasn’t stupid to an incurable degree.
	At least she’d only taken the razor to her things, not her wrists.
	He muttered, “You can leave.”
	The servants looked at each other, said “okay” in unison, and left.
	Shawn strode inside and shut the door.
	Jessica wasn’t sleeping that soundly.
	She could feel someone coming in.
	But she didn’t want to get up or react. The whole night’s ordeal had already taken all her strength and patience.
	All that was left in her heart was failure and numbness.
	A soft pair of house slippers stopped before her face.
	Shawn looked down at her from above, his voice low. “Is that all you could do? I thought you’d break the door down and escape.”
	Jessica didn’t reply.
	She was just a frail woman. As vicious as her heart could get, her physique wasn’t up to it.
	To make the mess she had in one night, she’d sustained a fair bit of damage herself. Her fingers, for example, had been sliced open by the razor in several places.
	Because she’d tried to bash the door open, her arm had amassed some bruises as well.
	Lying there in her torn dress, her disheveled state somehow had with it a sort of attractiveness.
	After a while, her lips parted.
	“If you want to laugh at me, go ahead! Don’t hold back.”
	Shawn cocked an eyebrow.
	He crouched down in front of her.
	Those eyes that she’d once loved so much bored into her with none of the warmth from before. There was only a glacier inside them.
	“You’re not going to make a show of trying to commit suicide?”
	Jessica smirked.
	“Why would I kill myself? Living’s great, isn’t it? I’ve got nice clothes. I’ve got good food. I’m still the daughter of the Dawson family. Even if we divorce, I’ve still got my money and my lifestyle. Besides, I’m still young. Even if I leave you, I can find a better man and live out the rest of my life nicely. Why would I commit suicide?”
	Shawn hadn’t expected her to be able to say all that.
	He sneered and said softly, “Seems like you’re not as true to me as you think! Then what was last night all about?”
	Jessica looked at him woodenly, without speaking.
	Shawn reached out and brushed her messy hair, murmuring, “Do you know how much damage that insane show you put on has done to me, to the Miller family, to Century Entertainment and to yourself?”
	Jessica remained silent.
	Her bright eyes had dimmed, looking like the orbs of a dead fish.
	Shawn continued, “Luckily, I sealed the news in time. People probably think you just got drunk and won’t think about it too much. Otherwise, all that money Century dumped on you and the Kalaneige endorsement is going to go down the drain.”
	Seeing Jessica still keep her current expression, Shawn raised an eyebrow.
	“Don’t you have anything to say?”
	Jessica smirked.
	“What’s there to say? You want me to apologize? To admit I’ve done wrong? To beg you to take pity on me and love me again? What good would that do? A heartless man like you sees nothing but profit. If that’s the case, why should I waste the effort?”
	Shawn laughed.
	“I only just noticed today that you’re pretty smart. You’re not dumb enough to try crying your way back into a man’s heart now that things have gotten as far as they have today.”
	Jessica’s lips curved self-deprecatingly, and she didn’t say anything.
	Shawn continued, “What should I do? I’m starting to appreciate you again!”
	“Thanks for your appreciation, but I don’t need it. Out with it, then! What do you want from me?”
	“You’re my wife, so what could I want from you? I want you to live well and stop giving me trouble. You know that some things are a hassle to deal with, and I’ve never liked hassles.”
	Jessica blinked, surprised.
	“You’re not getting a divorce?”
	“Why would I divorce you?”
	He bent over slightly, getting closer to her face, so she could see his expression more clearly.
	It was such a cold, cruel face, that even with a smile on his lips, it sent chills down the spine.
Chapter 231 Please Help Her
	“You haven’t got me back all those money I have lost because of you, so how could I divorce you now, you silly?”
	His tone was soft, but Jessica suddenly shivered.
	When he said these to her, she felt like a cold poisonous snake climbing up from her back, and its mouth was hanging on her neck as if it would bite her in the next second.
	She suddenly put on a serious face, because she could feel his finger sliding down from her head to her cheek and was approaching her lips. Jessica couldn’t help but raise her hand and push his finger away.
	She cursed, “You pervert!”
	“Heh!”
	Shawn laughed out, “If I am a pervert, then you are the pervert’s wife. How about that? Are you afraid of being with a pervert?”
	Jessica tried her best to calm down.
	She looked at him and sneered, “I can continue to pretend to be your wife, but I’m warning you, you must stay away from me and don’t touch me again from this day forwards!”
	After saying that, she got up and went to the bathroom.
	Shawn stood up with a faint smile on his face. He took out a handkerchief from the trouser pocket, wiped his fingers that had just touched Jessica, and then threw it into the trash.
	“Somebody comes to help Jessica clean up the room and buy what she needs.”
	After saying that, he left.
	Jessica couldn’t even walk into the bathroom.
	After simply washing her hands, Jessica went to the guest room.
	The servant bought new furniture and mattresses and cleaned the room for her.
	When everything was done, it was already evening. She had just gone back to her room.
	At dinner, Shawn’s assistant called her and told her that Shawn would live in another villa next door and would not come back for the time being.
	When she answered the phone, two servants were there too. They both sympathized with her after hearing their conversations.
	It had only been a few days since they got married, and they had already lived apart now.
	What a big deal! Why couldn’t they just talk to each other?
	However, after hanging up the phone, Jessica just went back and continued to have dinner calmly.
	She seemed to have changed a lot.
	Her family was worried that something bad might happen to her, but after observing her for a night, they found she was just no longer as talkative as before.
	So, her family gradually set their mind at rest.
	This evening, Jessica was sitting on the terrace to enjoy the cool breeze.
	The phone suddenly rang. She looked at the name and immediately picked up the phone.
	“You finally call me.”
	A woman was talking to her softly on the phone. It seemed she also coughed once or twice, and then that woman said, “Sorry, I’m not feeling well lately.”
	Jessica was expressionless, “So now you have time to help me, right?”
	The woman paused for a moment, and then said, “Of course. What do you want me to do? Just tell me.”
	“I want you to kill a person for me.”
	The woman froze, obviously a little surprised.
	“Who?”
	“Natalia Dawson.”
	*****
	Archie had to go on a business trip recently.
	Something was wrong with his company’s important project abroad. They had some conflicts with their business partners, but the person in charge was sick, so he had to go over and solve the problem himself.
	Natalia had already finished the propaganda work some time ago with Vicente, so she was free recently.
	Therefore, before his trip, she helped him pack the luggage and drove him to the airport.
	Archie was naturally very satisfied. Before leaving, he asked Nancy to take care of herself
	After sending him away, Natalia found that it was still early, so she went to the company again.
	On the whole, Star Entertainment was developing very well now. Although its scale was still relatively small, its artists were rising steadily. What’s more, with the support of Annie International, it would have a bright future.
	Laura had stared in a few dramas this year. Her fans following her Twitter had increased from more than 3 million at first to more than 10 million now.
	Natalia intended to give her a good script this year, so she could play the lead.
	Several other artists were also shooting an online talent show recently. Even though they could not win any awards, they could still be remembered by the audience.
	Although they were not really popular in any way, they still attracted a lot of attention. They had almost one million social media followers now.
	Although the number of their fans was not very large, they had made progress from a completely nobody to where they were now.
	After inspecting the company, Natalia felt very satisfied. Then she went back to Annie International. Seeing that it was already late, she left with Nancy.
	“Natalia, are we going home now?”
	Nancy asked while driving.
	“No. Let’s go out for dinner.”
	She finally had the chance to come out and hang around. Naturally, Natalia wouldn’t miss it.
	They first went to the nearby Flat Iron Steak House for dinner, and then went shopping at the mall.
	Natalia heard that Nancy was an orphan. She had no other relatives, except for a brother who was still in high school.
	Now it was the beginning of September, and the high school had just opened. Natalia accompanied her to buy a lot of things and clothes the boys in high school would like, and she also gave Nancy a day off, so that she could go back to accompany her brother to start school.
	Nancy was naturally happy. She left that night by plane.
	The next day, Natalia went to work as usual.
	When meeting a client at noon, she saw Jessica by chance.
	Naturally, it was a coincidence. They were in a cafe and coincidentally saw Jessica sitting not far away from them.
	Although she thought it was strange, she didn’t think much of it.
	She always felt that Jessica looked at her in a strange way and she didn’t know whether it was her illusion or not.
	The more Jessica hated Natalia, the grimmer Jessica appeared.
	Natalia knew Jessica hated her, so she didn’t pay much attention to it.
	After finishing talking about the business, she did not rush back to the company but took a taxi to a very famous pottery store in the east of the city.
	She didn’t know why Archie had given her a pottery jar a few days ago, and he also emphasized that he made it by himself.
	To be honest, Natalia did not quite like his present.
	It’s not that she didn’t like pottery, but this jar was too poorly made.
	Its shape was strange, and the painting on it was really ugly.
	Archie said that he drew the image of her, himself, and their three children.
	He said that this was their future.
	Natalia looked at the three twisted children, lapsing into silence.
	It was okay that he prepared an ugly gift for her.
	But he asked her to give a gift to him too.
	Natalia was simply speechless.
	So, she could only personally make one for him.
	Thinking in this way, after getting into the car, she closed her eyes and intended to take a nap, however, not long after, she felt something wrong.
Chapter 232 She Was Kidnapped
	There was a strange smell in the air. When she just got in the car, she didn’t pay attention because it was too light, but as time went on, the aroma became stronger and stronger, even pungent now.
	She propped herself up to grab the car door, but she couldn’t exert any strength at all. She felt her throat blocked and couldn’t utter a word.
	Gradually, she began to feel dizzy, and then she couldn’t even open her eyes…
	At the last second of her consciousness, she saw the driver take off his mask and turned around to show her a ferocious smile.
	“You … you are …”
	*****
	Natalia did not know how long she had been unconscious.
	She was awakened by coldness.
	When she opened her eyes again vaguely, she saw a simple operating room made of cement. She saw the iron-grey walls were shining. An incandescent lamp hung on her head. The pale light made her eyes tingle.
	Where was her?
	Her consciousness gradually awakened. In her memory, she wanted to take a taxi to the pottery museum. Later, she seemed to smell some kind of fragrance in the car and then fell asleep…
	She came to her senses suddenly.
	Turning her head, she saw two rows of glass columns placed around her, with transparent liquid inside. Unknown animal bodies were soaking in the liquid, and many strange and weird things were hung on the wall.
	The air was flooded with a sickening smell of blood and formalin.
	And she was lying on the operating table in the center now. Her hands and feet were fixed to the table by iron rings, like a lamb to the slaughter.
	Where was this?
	Natalia’s complexion changed. She tried to struggle, but only felt her body was weak, and couldn’t exert strength at all. She didn’t know whether she was injected with something.
	The surrounding was so silent. She was left alone in the room.
	But the silence was like the calmness before the storm, making her panic and almost suffocate.
	What the hell was going on here?
	She was in the car. How could she come here?
	Where was this?
	And who kidnapped her?
	Natalia was confused, and just then, she heard someone was moving toward this room.
	“Tap, tap, tap…”
	The sound of high-heeled leather shoes stepping on the concrete slab was like the death knell coming from hell, which was quite frightening.
	Natalia tensed up.
	Was it the kidnapper?
	The sound of footsteps was closer and closer, and soon a familiar face appeared above her head.
	“Natalia, we meet again.”
	Natalia’s pupils contracted.
	Jessica?!
	Four stout men were following her in.
	She still wore a gentle and faint smile on her face. But her smile looked eerie in this room.
	“What? Are you surprised to see me?”
	Natalia frowned and almost instantly understood what was going on.
	She said coldly, “What do you mean by this?”
	“Don’t you know that? Natalia! How dare you still try to play dumb with me now! You’re having fun fooling me, aren’t you!”
	After saying that, she hit her chest with a fierce elbow. Natalia was hit by her, and her chest really hurt.
	Damn it!
	She was going crazy, wasn’t she?
	She gritted her teeth, and it took her a long time to get over the pain, “I don’t understand what you’re talking about, but what you’re doing is kidnapping. It’s against the law. Do you know that?”
	“Heh! You think I will be afraid?”
	Jessica came over and pinched her face. She said fiercely, “If you die in a place like this, who else do you think will know you are dead? Who can get justice for you!!”
	Natalia instantly got nervous.
	Before she could react, an icy cold blade was pressed against her face.
	“Do you know what I hate most about you? It’s that you know how beautiful you are, but you still pretend not to know about it! You pretend to be coldly elegant in front of outsiders, but actually, you can do anything to seduce the men!”
	“Heh! If I scratched your face, would Archie still like you? Also, if you were raped here today, would you be unqualified to get married to Archie?”
	Jessica’s eyes twinkled with excited and malicious light as she held the knife in front of Natalia’s face.
	The blade slid across her cheek and aroused her a cold shudder.
	Natalia gritted her teeth and glared at her.
	She felt afraid in her heart.
	After all, she didn’t know where she was. It looked like an abandoned hospital, and there were probably not many people around.
	Although she did not feel that Jessica really dared to kill her, if Jessica stabbed her in the face, it would really hurt!
	She said in a deep voice, “Does Shawn know you have done this to me?”
	“You don’t need to scare me with Shawn!”
	Jessica let out a fierce laugh, “Do you think Shawn really likes you? He just likes new things. He was not reconciled to the fact that her woman has been robbed by another man.”
	“But that’s all. It’s just like that even if you don’t want the slippers, you will throw them in the garbage, and you won’t let others take them away. Do you understand?”
	Natalia sneered.
	“I don’t know if I am, but if you think so, it shows that in your heart, you are like a pair of slippers.”
	“You … heh!”
	Jessica suddenly sneered, “Okay. Until now, you are still stubborn. Don’t you know what will happen after coming here?”
	Natalia sneered.
	Natalia looked at her with contempt, “If I say something soft or simply beg for mercy, you will let me go?”
	“Of course not.”
	“Then wouldn’t that be it?”
	Jessica was stunned.
	She felt angry for no reason.
	How could she be like this?
	How could Natalia still argue with her in such a situation?
	Wasn’t she afraid?
	Jessica gritted her teeth with hatred, and for a moment, she suddenly smiled.
	“You know what? Recently I saw a secret recipe for maintenance abroad. It was said that soaking your face with wine can keep youth forever. The more beautiful the face, the better the effect.
	“I have to say that I’ve seen so many people, but I have never seen a face like yours. When I first saw you at the age of 18, I knew that you were more beautiful than me.”
	“So, you may never know how much I want your face! Now that I just happen to have this opportunity, don’t you think I should take advantage of it?”
	When she said, she reached out her hand to caress her face.
	Natalia felt her cold fingers were like a snake crawling on her face, which made her scalp numb.
	Natalia held back the rejection and impulse in her heart, stiffly curled up her lips, and said coldly, “Then I am very grateful to your liking me. Should I feel honored?”
	“Heh! You don’t need to talk tough with me. You know, now that you’ve been here, I won’t let you go easily.”
Chapter 233 Strike Back
	“So, what do you want to do?”
	“Don’t worry. At least you’re my sister. I won’t really peel off your face and use it to make wine.”
	She suddenly stood up, took a step back, and pointed at the few men behind her.
	“Do you see that? I have prepared everything for you. I just want to see if Archie would really treat you as well as he always did.”
	“I won’t kill you either. After these men finish, I will let you go back to see whether Archie will continue to keep you and spoil you or not.”
	When Jessica finished speaking, she suddenly took out a syringe from her pocket, drew a bottle of blue liquid from another bottle, and injected the liquid into her body.
	Natalia struggled, but what she did was in vain.
	She suddenly got a little flustered, “What are you doing?”
	Jessica laughed coldly.
	“Don’t worry. It would kill you. But it can make you stay a little more comfortable later. After all, I’m not going to let them kill you. I just want them to cripple you.”
	After saying that, she smiled and patted her face before leaving.
	Natalia’s complexion changed greatly.
	Although she was not sure what exactly Jessica had injected into her body, she thought that it would not be something good.
	Those men saw Jessica leave, and only then did they all come to her.
	Natalia stared at them and shook her head.
	“Don’t, don’t come over.”
	Her voice was a little weak. Seeing her like this, these men all began to grin hideously.
	“Baby, don’t be afraid. We’ll be gentle.”
	“Come on. Come on!”
	*****
	Ten minutes later.
	The whole basement was quiet.
	Natalia was lying on the floor. She could no longer feel the pain of the wound on her wrist, and she gradually became unconscious ......
	She felt so cold as if her body was being soaked in a pool of cold water.
	She knew she was dying.
	No, she could not die!
	The strong desire for survival made her bite her tongue, and the clear pain called back some of her consciousness.
	She heard a painful groan not far away. It seemed there was a man struggling to stand up.
	She gritted her teeth and got up. Before that man could stand up, she stepped on his spine, so he couldn’t stand up at all.
	Only then did she breathe a sigh of relief.
	She had got no energy anymore.
	She held on to the wall and tried very hard to walk out.
	But the more she walked, the more her consciousness became blurred.
	Her willpower drove her to move on, but she couldn’t move her legs at all.
	She couldn’t help but shake her head.
	She thought that the liquid Jessica injected into her body should be some aphrodisiac drugs.
	Now it seemed that it was probably not.
	But no matter what it was, it was now making her arms and legs weak.
	She couldn’t stay here any longer, otherwise later when Jessica came back, she really couldn’t leave.
	With this in mind, she gritted her teeth and continued to move out.
	Then she finally saw the light.
	She hurriedly speeded up and finally reached the door.
	As she expected, this was an abandoned hospital on the outskirts.
	She thought the hospital may have been relocated. What was left here was some waste equipment, and nothing new would here, so these old equipment had been piled up here.
	Natalia struggled to walk out, however, just then, there was the sound of footstep behind her.
	Her complexion changed. Without thinking, she knew that someone was coming.
	She quickened her pace. Fortunately, the person didn’t come this way, so he didn’t notice her.
	However, when she really came out, she found that she was probably at the seaside.
	It may be a sanatorium. But this was not important. What was important was that there was only one exit of the basement where she was held just now.
	She was unlucky. When she chose the direction in the corridor, she chose the dead end.
	Now, she was lying on the railing. On the left was the endless sea, and on the right was the corridor that someone just passed by.
	No matter which way she went, it would be a dead end.
	She didn’t think that if she was caught by Jessica again, she would still have the luck and strength to escape again by fighting with those strong men unarmed.
	Finally, after thinking for a while, she looked at the deep sea, gritted her teeth, turned over the railing and jumped down.
	*****
	On the other side, in the overseas hotel of McCarthy Properties thousands of kilometers away.
	Archie didn’t sleep well this whole night. He felt flustered for no reason.
	He vaguely had a bad feeling, but he couldn’t figure out where it came from.
	So early in the morning, he got up from bed at five o’clock and ran along the green road of the hotel, but the feeling of panic was still there, without abating.
	He returned to his room with a solemn face and frowned.
	Just then, his phone rang.
	It was Nancy.
	His eyelids twitched, and immediately he knew why he had that bad feeling. He hurriedly turned around to pick up the smartwatch that he had taken off and put on the table before going to bed last night.
	He saw that on the screen of his watch, the little red dot that was always online had disappeared, and his pupils tightened suddenly.
	“What’s going on?” He picked up the phone and said coldly.
	Nancy had a guilty conscience and even over the phone, she could feel Archie was in a bad mood.
	She was afraid. But no matter how afraid she was, she couldn’t delay it. She must report it to Archie.
	“Mr. McCarthy, Mrs. McCarthy … has disappeared!”
	“What?”
	“It’s all my fault. Originally, we had a plan, but then something went wrong ......”
	Nancy quickly told him the beginning and the end of the matter.
	Including what Natalia had asked her to do.
	After a while, she asked, “Mr. McCarthy, I’m sorry. I know I should take full responsibility for this matter. But now the most important thing is to find Mrs. McCarthy.”
	Archie took a deep breath and said in a cold voice, “Where are you now?”
	“I’m in McCarthy Mansion.”
	“Immediately get the surveillance video of the whole city. I’ll be right back!”
	Fortunately, Archie’s schedule was to fly to a country in East Asia first and then to the United States tomorrow after finishing his business, so he was not too far away. He directly asked an assistant to request a private plane to come back immediately, which took only three hours.
	Three and a half hours later, Archie returned to McCarthy Mansion.
Chapter 234 Save Yourself
	Nancy and Mrs. Dottie were both sitting on the sofa in the living room.
	Nancy looked chagrined. She never thought that Natalia had planned everything with her before, but finally, she still lost Natalia.
	Mrs. Dottie just didn’t expect that Natalia would have an accident.
	The door of the living room was open, and the handsome man who was fatigued with the journey appeared at the door.
	“Mr. McCarthy!”
	“Mr. McCarthy!”
	Both of them immediately stood up.
	Archie glanced at them coldly and then walked straight over.
	“Where’s the surveillance video?”
	“Mr. McCarthy! This is the surveillance video I got ten minutes ago. Mrs. McCarthy should have been taken away by a gray taxi.”
	“Now I have hacked in the city’s monitoring system, but I haven’t found the car yet.”
	Archie took the IPAD and had a look at it. He looked serious.
	Nancy still wanted to say something. However, Archie suddenly got up and walked out.
	Her eyelids twitched and she hurriedly followed out.
	“Mr. McCarthy, I’ll go with you.”
	A few minutes later.
	Archie drove the car at full speed on the road.
	In the car, Archie took the map and circled out the places where the car might go.
	“Nancy, you take some people to the southeast. You should pay much attention to the more remote buildings along the way. The kidnapper can’t do it in a crowded place, because it’s easy to give himself away, so he will find a private and quiet place.”
	“You should also remember that they are likely to change their car halfway, so you should pay attention not only to that car but also to other vehicles along the way.”
	“In addition, call Doctor Hugh to let him get ready at any time. Several hours have passed since she disappeared, and she is likely to be injured.”
	“I’ll be heading the southwest! Keep in touch if you have any news.”
	Archie calmly and quickly gave orders. Nancy nodded, then got out of the car and drove another car to the southwest.
	The phone rang. It was Mrs. Dottie.
	Archie frowned, and suddenly got a little impatient.
	“Is there something wrong?”
	“Mr. McCarthy, should we call the police?”
	He froze for that moment.
	“Haven’t you called the police yet?”
	“No, not yet!”
	“Then call the police!”
	“Huh? Okay.”
	Archie hung up the phone. He sat in the car and looked ahead. His eyes were cold and filled with hatred.
	‘Jessica, you better pray it’s not you!’
	‘Otherwise, I will definitely regret it!’
	*****
	When Natalia woke up, she found that she was still alive.
	She felt lucky, but the next second, when she looked around, she couldn’t help cursing in her heart.
	‘Damn it! What the hell is this place?’
	She was surrounded by steep cliffs, and she was hanging in the air on a nearly broken branch, with the sea below.
	Obviously, although she was not dead, she was almost dead.
	Such a thin branch had almost broken because of her weight. As long as she moved a little bit, she would fall down.
	The water splashed below, making her trousers wet, and she could even feel the salty smell in the sea.
	Well.
	Maybe she was hurt by her own doing.
	If she had known that Jessica would do it, she should have asked Nancy to follow her closely.
	It would be much better than now.
	Natalia sighed, feeling a little frustrated for her blunder.
	She looked around and didn’t see any place that she could step on.
	Fortunately, there was a large protruding sharp stone on the cliff. She reached out her hand and tried to hold it. It was very stable and could bear her weight.
	So, she moved over carefully little by little. She grasped the stone tightly with both hands, and then left the branch and hung in the air.
	She felt a little pain in her arm because she exerted too much strength.
	She gritted her teeth. Fortunately, she had learned rock climbing abroad before, and her arms were still powerful.
	But it was impossible to climb up from here, and it was not suitable for her to do because she did not have much strength now.
	With this in mind, she took a deep breath, then looked around and found a large rock not far from her left hand.
	Maybe she could have a rest on it for a while.
	But the rock was too far away, she couldn’t get there.
	After thinking over, she grabbed the rock with one hand and quickly unbuckled her belt with the other hand.
	It was lucky that she used a leather belt to match her clothes today.
	The leather belt was not only of good quality and not easy to break, but also very long. After folding it, she could use it to entangle the rock.
	Natalia took a deep breath, blinked her eyes, and tried her best to calm down.
	Then she gripped her belt tightly and swung forward.
	She felt that her two arms were almost torn apart, but she held back the pain and swung her body in mid-air.
	Seeing the distance from the cliff, she found her strength was not enough.
	The only thing she could do now was to swing herself up to the cliff with the strength of her waist.
	As long as her feet fell to the ground, there was always a way for her to untie the rope and escape from here so that she could survive.
	However, at this time, her palms really hurt.
	She felt something torn in her palm, and the pain was unbearable.
	Natalia’s face was pale, and she looked up with difficulty.
	The sky was blue. It was already the morning. The thin mist floated in the air.
	There were two shocking blood marks in her hands, which were scratched when she exerted strength just now.
	She was slightly stunned. At this time, she noticed that there was a buckle on the belt in the palm of her hand. The edge of the buckle was very sharp. Because it was punk style, the metal reflected silver light in the sun.
	She gritted her teeth and tried to rip the buckle off.
	But she couldn’t make it.
	She couldn’t help complaining that the quality of these brands was so good. The buckle was obviously sewn on the belt, but it can’t be removed at all.
	She had no choice but sighed. She never thought that she would fall into such a dilemma one day.
	Whether she should continue to find a way out herself or just wait here for help?
	Her mobile phone, bracelet and all communication equipment were missing. Waiting for rescue was undoubtedly equal to resigning herself to her fate.
	She still had a little strength now. Although self-help was very dangerous, as long as she was lucky enough and treated in time, she may not bleed to death.
	But if she continued to wait here, not to mention whether her strength could support her to hold up to that time, no one could know she was tied under the cliff.
	So, instead of leaving it to fate, it was better to give it a shot.
	Since God did not let her die in that secret room, he would not let her die here either.
	Natalia had never been a person who was willing to wait, let alone a person who was willing to await her doom.
	Therefore, after thinking about it clearly, she made another effort to swing towards the other end of the cliff.
Chapter 235 He’s Always There
	Natalia felt her palms hurt so much. The metal cut through her skin and got into the flesh.
	Natalia’s face was a little pale, but she gritted her teeth and forced herself to ignore the pain.
	After swinging more than 20 times, finally, her toes touched the rock on the cliff. She quickly seized the opportunity and stood still with her body close to the cliff.
	It was extremely difficult, and ordinary people couldn’t do it at all.
	Fortunately, she used to practice grappling abroad for a long time. Although she was a little exhausted, she was still skilled and could barely finish it.
	After stabilizing herself, she looked around. She found that although the cliff was steep, there were many uneven rocks and weeds on it. It shouldn’t be difficult to climb up.
	Now the only problem was what was up there?
	She didn’t want to climb up and be caught by Jessica’s people after making so many efforts.
	Wouldn’t that be too unlucky?
	Thinking about this, she saw her bleeding palm. The loss of blood made her body cold and her wrist numb.
	But the good thing was that she was very tough and tenacious now, maybe it was because she was in danger. She didn’t feel dizzy.
	She gritted her teeth and casually tore a piece of cloth and reluctantly bandaged her hand.
	But maybe the wound was too deep, her palms kept bleeding. Then, she had a feeling of dizziness and nausea.
	She knew it was a sign of excessive blood loss. She took a deep breath and bit her tongue to keep herself awake.
	Then, she struggled to climb up.
	Whether or not there was someone from Jessica up there, she should give it a try.
	If she was lucky enough, she could survive. If she was not lucky enough, she had nothing to regret.
	Thinking in this way, she no longer hesitated and kept climbing up.
	Originally, she couldn’t climb up such a steep cliff when her palms were hurting like this.
	But now she had no other way. If she didn’t climb up, she could only stand here and die.
	Fortunately, there were only a dozen meters.
	If she held on, she could climb up.
	Natalia struggled to climb up. The cold sweat soon broke out on her forehead, not because of the heat, but because of the pain.
	It was really hurt!
	But no matter how painful it was, she didn’t dare to stop.
	Because she knew that as soon as she stopped, she might not have the courage to continue.
	She needed to be calm and sensible for that moment.
	However, she was still getting dizzy.
	The palm exuded blood again because Natalia struggled to climb up.
	It didn’t take long for the red blood to dye the cloth wrapped around her hand and flow down through the arm.
	Almost for a moment, Natalia felt she almost passed out.
	But she still bit her tongue, forcing herself to come to her senses.
	Hold on!
	Almost there! She would be up there soon!
	She could survive!
	She cheered herself up in her heart, and at that moment, a voice suddenly came from above.
	“Mr. McCarthy! Here are some tire marks here, which should be left not long ago.”
	“Go around and look for Natalia!”
	“Yes!”
	Natalia felt hopeful and looked up in surprise.
	It was Archie! Was he coming here?
	His voice was so clear that it had long been engraved into her head, so she couldn’t have heard it wrong.
	“Archie! I’m here!”
	She shouted out.
	Above the cliff.
	Archie was searching along the tire tracks when he suddenly heard the woman’s voice.
	He immediately froze. The sea breeze was so strong that he couldn’t hear her voice clearly.
	“Archie, I’m under the cliff! Come and save me!”
	He was wild with joy and quickly rushed towards the cliff.
	When seeing the thin figure under the cliff, his pupils suddenly contracted.
	“Natalia!”
	Natalia tried to look up at him. They were about seven or eight meters away from each other. However, because of the mist in the air, they couldn’t even see each other’s faces clearly.
	Suddenly, she wanted to cry out.
	She tried her best to climb up here and never thought of giving up. But at the moment when she saw Archie, she felt the tall wall built in her heart seemed to collapse in an instant, and her strong will was on the verge of a breakdown.
	It seemed Archie knew Natalia was crying. He got anxious.
	“Natalia, don’t be afraid. I’ll be right down.”
	Seeing this, the police officer who followed him quickly said, “Mr. McCarthy, it’s too dangerous. Let us go down there.”
	“Get out of my way!”
	Hearing the voice from above, Natalia had choked with sobs and couldn’t say anything.
	She could only nod her head.
	Only then did Archie found that there was a rope buried in the grass beside the cliff. There was no big tree nearby. One end of the rope was nailed in the soil with an iron nail which was usually used to pitch a tent.
	Natalia was small and thin, so that iron nail could bear it, but if he also held the rope, the iron nail couldn’t bear their weight.
	He turned around and shouted, “I need two people over here!”
	Someone had already heard the noise and ran over here.
	Archie handed the rope to them and said in a deep voice, “Hold it! When I tell you to pull up later, you just pull!”
	“Okay!”
	The people he brought here were all bodyguards trained by their families since childhood. They were all very strong.
	Archie climbed down along the rope.
	He was very fast. He was like a nimble monkey on the steep stone wall. It didn’t take him a long time to get to her side.
	When he saw Natalia’s embarrassed appearance in front of him, especially the arms that were still bleeding, he felt his heart ached. It seemed someone had grasped his heart tightly and made him out of breath.
	Natalia had already felt discouraged. She almost hung on the cliff with the last trace of her willpower. After seeing him, her remaining will seemed to break down in an instant.
	She only called out his name, and then she felt her leg was feeble. She was going to fall down.
	Fortunately, Archie had already stretched out his arm to hold her waist and grab her into his arms.
	Natalia couldn’t judge how he felt from his expression. But being held in his warm arms, she felt at ease and didn’t need to worry about anything.
	“Can you hold on for another minute?” He asked in a deep voice.
	Natalia nodded.
	Archie quickly tied a knot with the rope and put it around her waist, then he held her with one hand and shouted, “Pull the rope!”
	The rope began to move. He let her hang on himself and quickly climbed up the cliff.
	Natalia had never thought that a person could climb so fast with only one hand and two feet and even there was a person in his arms.
	She hugged his neck tightly. Her two legs hung around his narrow waist, and her body was like an octopus that had lost its viability.
	The man’s firm chin was right in front of her, and there was a faint cool smell from his body. 
Chapter 236 What Should I Do
	Natalia held him tightly and buried her head on his shoulder.
	Feeling the attachment of the girl in his arms, Archie hugged her waist more tightly and said in a deep voice, "Don't be afraid. I'm here."
	"Well."
	Natalia nodded, with a twang in her voice. "I'm fine."
	How could she be fine?
	Her palm kept bleeding. Unlike Archie's hands that were full of calluses because he often used sports equipment, Natalia's hand was soft.
	She had never done such intense exercise, so her tender hands were badly worn after she held the rope, swung up the cliff and climbed for a long time.
	She wouldn't have been able to make it here if it hadn't been for the numbness in her hands.
	Archie understood it so he felt more worried.
	He was so distressed that he couldn't even blame her for her carelessness.
	When they reached the ground, Natalia finally lost all her strength and fell into a coma. Archie untied the rope around her waist and asked in a deep voice, "Where is the ambulance?"
	"It is parked by the roadside. Doctor Hugh is also there."
	Hearing that, Archie strode toward the ambulance with Natalia in his arms.
	*****
	Natalia had no idea about how long she had been in a coma.
	When she was in a daze, a man with a strong British accent had her wounds dressed.
	She was in a warm embrace.
	The familiar fragrance and breath made her feel relieved. The pains seemed to be under her skin and deep in her soul.
	"It hurt…"
	She groaned.
	Archie held her in his arms and gave a cold gaze at Doctor Hugh.
	"It hurt. Didn't you get it?"
	Doctor Hugh said helplessly, "I can't give her painkillers. She was injected with some cyanide. If she had painkillers, it would produce some unnecessary side effects in her. If you don't mind, I can use them."
	"No need!"
	Archie answered coldly, and held the girl tightly.
	"Natalia, hold on. It won't hurt soon."
	Natalia's lips went pale. Hearing his voice, she pursed her lips and stopped crying.
	Archie reached out to wipe the sweat on her forehead. Looking at her weak and pale appearance, he felt heartbroken.
	He wished he could stand the pains in her place.
	Just then, the phone rang.
	Once he picked up, Nancy's voice came, "Mr. McCarthy, Jessica did that. She knows that Mrs. McCarthy has escaped, so she has her men searching everywhere."
	Archie sneered. "Searching? Why does she have the nerve to catch my wife?"
	Nancy paused for a moment, "I know what to do."
	When the phone was hung up, Doctor Hugh, who was sitting opposite, heard their dialogue and felt a little frightened.
	"Archie, calm down. Though the people kidnapped your wife, fortunately, she is safe and sound now. You can just catch that woman and leave the innocent alone."
	Archie looked at Doctor Hugh coldly, "Leave the innocent alone? Do you know who kidnapped my wife?"
	Not knowing much about Natalia, Doctor Hugh subconsciously asked, "Who?"
	"Her sister."
	Doctor Hugh's blue eyes widened and his mouth opened in surprise.
	"Do you believe that her family is innocent?"
	Doctor Hugh was silent.
	If they were sisters, their parents wouldn't know that they were on bad terms with each other?
	That was impossible.
	He sighed and said nothing more.
	Natalia in Archie's arms fell asleep. Archie looked down at her, with softness and distress in his eyes.
	Doctor Hugh was even more surprised when seeing that.
	"Archie, is this the girl you met five years ago in California?"
	Archie nodded.
	"She looks so small. Is she underage? You like underage girls?"
	Archie's face suddenly darkened.
	He frowned, "Do I look old?"
	"You're almost 30 and she looks less than 20."
	Archie was lost for words.
	He didn't bother to say anything else.
	Before long, they arrived at the hospital.
	Although Doctor Hugh had her wounds dressed and done some check-up, Archie was still worried.
	For fear of any injuries on her that couldn't be discovered easily, Archie had a female doctor check on Natalia's body. Only after that did he feel relieved.
	*****
	Natalia finally woke up at four in the afternoon.
	When she woke up, the sunshine outside came in from windowsill. The air conditioning cooled the room.
	She blinked for a few seconds before adjusting herself to the light and sat up with the help of her hands.
	Unexpectedly, she felt a sharp pain in her hand.
	It reminded her of the fact that she got injured in her palms. She raised her hands and saw them wrapped in gauze, like two bear paws.
	Her face darkened slightly
	The door was pushed open.
	The tall man appeared at the door and his face turned gloomy as she sat up.
	"Who allowed you to move?"
	His tone was very bad, and he came over with a long face.
	Natalia was stunned for a moment and felt a bit guilty.
	"I, I didn't mean it. I just wanted to sit up. I feel a bit numb after lying down for so long."
	She hastened to explain. Hearing that, Archie's expression softened.
	But he didn't look very good.
	Looking at her hands, he said in a cold voice, "Can't you ring the bell if you want to sit up? Why do you always try to show off your strength?"
	Natalia was silent.
	She stared at him with big dark eyes, a little wronged.
	Archie called the doctor over to check Natalia's body.
	Soon the doctor finished the physical examination. Natalia was fine, and the injection was cleared, but it would take her some time to recover from the injury in her hand.
	Archie seemed relieved. After the doctor left, he sat down by the bed.
	He pulled her hands that were dressed and asked, "Does it still hurt?"
	Natalia felt a bit distressed, so she shook her head very unhappily.
	Archie raised his eyebrows, noticed that she was in a mood, and a smile flickered in his eyes.
	However, he pretended to put on a long face and said in a deep voice, "Do you feel wronged?"
	Natalia said nothing.
	But her grievances were shown on her face.
	"You're wronged. Have you ever thought of me? She is a woman that I can get rid of easily. Why do you risk your life to fight with her? If anything should happen to you, what should I do?"
Chapter 237 Set A Trap
	Natalia was stunned and looked up at him.
	She saw his deep gaze on his serious face. His eyes were sunken. Obviously, he didn't sleep well last night. Moreover, he was worried about her the whole day, so he looked a little tired.
	She felt softhearted and even a little guilty.
	She hurriedly explained, "Sorry, I should have thought about it more carefully. Next time I won't be so rash!"
	Archie cocked his brow. "Next time?"
	Natalia was lost for words.
	She reached out to pull Archie's sleeve, but failed since her hand was wrapped up. She could only rub against his arm.
	"It won't happen again. Don't be angry."
	"You promise?"
	"I promise!"
	"What if you break your promise?"
	Natalia thought for a while and said seriously, "You can punish me at your will. I won't hold a grudge."
	Archie's face softened. He reached out to touch her little nose.
	"Next time, I'll keep you in chains, so you can only stay beside me!"
	Natalia hurriedly nodded, "Good idea. You have the final say."
	Knowing that he cared about her very much and didn't want her to get hurt, she was willing to agree to all his requests.
	She didn't refuse to be bound up in fetters of love.
	She was willing to be bound up with him for the rest of her life.
	Her docile look pleased Archie. A smile was in his eyes. He asked, "Are you hungry?"
	Hearing that, Natalia did feel hungry.
	After all, she hadn't eaten anything since last night.
	She hurriedly nodded.
	Archie went out to give an order. A few minutes later, a meal was delivered.
	She couldn't hold the spoon, so she let him feed her.
	Considering she was weak, so Archie had his men buy some porridge and chicken soup.
	He was very patient. He scooped the porridge and blew on it before he put it into her mouth.
	Natalia leaned on the bedhead and was somewhat embarrassed, but she could only take it since she was injured in hands.
	His gaze went deep as the porridge went into her small pink mouth.
	"How was it? Delicious?"
	Natalia nodded, "Not bad. You buy it in the restaurant?"
	"Yes."
	Archie knew that she would be hungry, so he had asked his men to buy some food there. It was kept warm, so that she could have something hot to eat when she woke up.
	Natalia's eyes were bright, perhaps because of the joy of being a survivor, or the satisfaction after having the food.
	She suddenly got close, kissed him on his cheeks, and said happily, "Archie, you're so nice."
	Archie's eyes went deep and he took a deep breath.
	"You just knew it?"
	"No, I've known it long before."
	A sly smile flickered in her bright eyes. Archie chuckled, suddenly pressed the back of her head and kissed her on the lips.
	His lips were cool, carrying the breath that was unique to him. Natalia did not resist but enjoyed herself.
	Archie was soft at the beginning. As Natalia was so beautiful and seductive, he could no longer control himself.
	He didn't stop until someone coughed at the door.
	Natalia finally came back to her senses, immediately opened her eyes wide, flushed and hurriedly pushed Archie away.
	However, she let out a cry since the wounds in her palms were torn at.
	Archie's eyes went deep.
	He threw a cold gaze at the door.
	Brian put on a grieved look.
	He didn't mean to, as he didn't know they were kissing. Besides, it was Archie that instructed him to make a report as soon as he got the information.
	But he didn't have the guts to argue for his own.
	He could only say in an embarrassed manner. "Mr. McCarthy, we've found the kidnapper's car."
	Natalia was stunned slightly.
	Archie said, "What are you waiting for? Hand it over to the police."
	Brian made a reply, was ready to turn but suddenly stopped by Natalia.
	"Wait!"
	She helped herself up and said, "Not yet."
	Archie slightly frowned and looked at her, "You have other idea?"
	"Yes." Natalia nodded, "I escaped myself. Even if we call the police, she could get away with it easily as long as she insists she did nothing wrong. Or, she could hire a scapegoat."
	Archie snorted, "She can't get away with it."
	Natalia pursed her lips.
	"If you use power to get her into the prison, some people won't be convinced. By then, the McCarthy family may be involved. The public opinion may simply backfire."
	Archie was silent.
	At present, no family could be parallel to the McCarthy family.
	However, the tide of public opinion was an invisible constraint for the McCarthy family.
	No one wanted their family to be the topic of any gossips.
	Natalia smiled, "So, I have a better way."
	"What?"
	She smiled.
	"I'll let her tell what she has done to me!"
	*****
	That afternoon, someone got the news that Natalia was kidnapped and missing, so he posted it on the Internet, causing a sensation.
	It was not a rumor. Not long after, Star Entertainment released a statement that Natalia had been kidnapped.
	It called on netizens not to make ungrounded speculations, or affect the police.
	The Julio police retweeted the statement and called on everyone to provide any information they have. If the information was true, they would be rewarded.
	It quickly caused a sensation. #NataliaKidnapped soon became a trending topic.
	Vicente and Victoria were both worried when knowing that.
	Victoria was so anxious that she called Archie. Archie answered the phone and told Victoria that Natalia was fine and hung up.
	Victoria was confused. After thinking about it for a while, she got it.
	Natalia must have set a trap for Jessica.
	Knowing that Natalia was fine, Victoria felt relieved. Since Natalia was going to entrap Jessica, she just needed to sit back and watch the show.
	Archie asked the police to be cooperative. When Natalia was rescued, the police were there, so he couldn't hide it from the police.
	Therefore, he would cooperate with the police to catch whoever was behind this kidnapping.
Chapter 238 Exposed Recording
	Natalia did not know how Archie persuaded the police not to release the news that she had been rescued.
	Since they had made a deal, she had to carry out her plan.
	So, that night, when no doctor or nurse was in the ward, Natalia let Nancy help her put on a simple disguise, sneaked out of the hospital and went back to McCarthy Mansion.
	Archie raised no objection, since Natalia was not severely injured and there were excellent doctors at home.
	When they got home, Archie let most of the servants have a week off. Only Mrs. Dottie and a kitchen maid were left there.
	Mrs. Dottie did not know their plan. However, she was not a talkative person after all, so she didn't ask further.
	There was a rumor that Natalia was kidnapped.
	Everyone made speculations about who could have possibly kidnapped her and why.
	Some said that she offended some people at work, while some said that it was done by someone jealous of Natalia.
	Some said her ex-boyfriend took revenge on her.
	After all, though not unsurprisingly, all kinds of topics about Natalia's relationship had been trending for a few months.
	Many people were sympathetic to her.
	She just made a debut, but immediately got herself kidnapped.
	Wouldn't it be a pity if something happened to her?
	Though there were many speculations. No one thought it was done by Jessica.
	It was because she had just been remembered by everyone for her gentleness and innocence. Though so many scandals about her broke out recently, most people only thought that she may not be as gentle and simple as before. However, it was hard for them to believe that she kidnapped Natalia.
	On the evening of the second day, a celebrity posted a sound-only video.
	The recording last nearly ten minutes. Although the voice was processed, people could tell that it was a girl's voice.
	The girl detailed that she was ordered by Jessica to frame Natalia.
	She not only photographed Natalia, but drugged Natalia and Vicente. She intended to slander them having an affair.
	The girl also talked about some things that happened at the filming site.
	Jessica asked her to bribe the staff so Natalia could only get the worst meal.
	The staff only prepared cold drinks when Natalia was having a period. If Natalia asked for hot drinks, the staff could answer the electricity was off and there would be no hot water for a while.
	Though they were some trifles, people felt them disgusting.
	As soon as this recording came out, it shocked the whole entertainment circle.
	Netizens did not expect that Jessica who seemed gentle, polite and kind would have done so many terrible things.
	Natalia once tried to quash rumors by explaining that she was drugged. Few people believed her.
	Now, it became more credible.
	However, some questioned the authenticity of the recording.
	After all, everyone could make a recording to slander whoever they disliked.
	More and more people raised questions. Jessica's fans even asked the owner of the voice in the recording to come out.
	In the afternoon, a girl called Rosa admitted that voice was hers.
	Rosa was Jessica's assistant and had worked for Jessica for several years. Jessica's fans knew that.
	Every time her fans attended a meet-and-greet or picked Jessica up at the airport, her fans could see Rosa beside Jessica.
	So, many people knew her.
	They were very surprised when Rosa stood out.
	Natalia, who had been staying at home for two days, was also very surprised.
	At that time, Natalia just wanted to get some evidence from Rosa.
	Natalia knew that Rosa was loyal to Jessica because Jessica promised to pay for her mother’s operation.
	Therefore, Natalia gave Rosa money for the evidence.
	After that, they no longer contacted each other.
	In order not to get Rosa involved, Natalia even had Rosa's voice processed.
	Natalia was afraid that Rosa's voice would be recognized, and her life would be disturbed once the recording was published.
	However, Rosa stood out to confess.
	Natalia went to watch the video of Rosa being interviewed.
	Rosa had a baby face. Though she was not very beautiful, she looked pretty.
	She looked into the camera and said earnestly, "I chose to listen to Jessica and made a lot of mistakes because of my mother's illness. I apologize to Natalia and the netizens who were deceived.”
	“I am here because Jessica broke her promise to pay for my mother's operation. Natalia, who was hurt by me, took out the money and saved my mother's life.”
	“A lot of people may question me, and I may be criminally liable, but I won't regret it.”
	“My mother told me that we still had to hold up to our integrity though we are poor. So I just have to make up for what I have done. I don't know if Jessica kidnapped Natalia. At least I can plead guilty for what I've done."
	In the video, the girl's eyes were firm and her face serious. She didn't look as coward as before.
	Natalia leaned on the sofa and sighed helplessly.
	Archie just brought up a plate of fruit, saw her sigh, walked over, and forked a piece of Hami melon into her mouth.
	"Why do you sigh?"
	Natalia adjusted the screen, opened the video and showed him.
	Archie finished watching, silent for a while.
	He said, "She's young, but has the backbone."
	Natalia nodded and sighed. "Unfortunately, she underestimated the public opinion and power."
	Jessica was nothing for Archie.
	However, Jessica was very powerful for Rosa.
	She could change Rosa's future and life if she should wish so.
	Sometimes life was unfair. The world was a jungle. The only law was the law of tooth and claw.
Chapter 239 Money Eyes
	Archie also knew that and said in a deep voice, "Since she dares to stand out, she should know the consequences. She has done so many bad things to you before, but she pleads her guilty, now she can start with a clean slate."
	Natalia was distressed, but she didn't argue because Archie was right.
	The video of Rosa went viral. Everyone knew it soon.
	Jessica had watched the video. She was surprised and angry!
	Rosa was indeed caught by Natalia when she was missing.
	When many people raised questions, Natalia had no evidence to prove her innocence. Therefore, Jessica had thought that Rosa's missing had nothing to do with Natalia.
	Now Jessica understood that Natalia just waited for an opportunity to cut her to the quick.
	Jessica flustered. That recording had caused a great impact on her.
	Now her former assistant had come out to admit it. Without doubt, everyone would choose to believe Natalia.
	Damn it! What a bitch!
	Jessica was anxious. She called Julia to think up a way.
	Julia was at a loss for what to do. She had never met an artist like Jessica who messed things up just so often.
	She even lost the bait along with the fish.
	This time, she not only failed to scheme against Natalia, but also destroy her own reputation.
	Julia was lost for words.
	Seeing Jessica anxious like an ant on a hot pot, Julia thought for a while and said, "You cannot get away with it anyway. Since Natalia chose to post Rosa's recording now, she may have other evidence.”
	“If you denied it, the situation would be worse once she presented other evidence. So, you might as well admit it.”
	“After all, you have a lot of fans. You can argue for yourself. There were some conflicts between you and Natalia. You were haunted by ghosts and made such mistakes.”
	“Then, you apologize to Natalia on the Internet. At least, the situation won't become worse if you do so. It's the best way."
	Jessica's eyes widened. She looked at Julia in disbelief.
	"Julia, I called you here to think of a way instead of asking me to make an apology.
	“If I want to apologize, why will I call you here? I can talk to the media myself."
	Julia frowned.
	"What do you want to do?"
	"Have the news quashed. Delete those videos and recordings!"
	As Jessica went crazy, Julia sighed.
	"The videos and recordings have been viral. There's no point in deleting them.”
	“Everyone has known that. Netizens are not that stupid. If such a trending topic just disappeared suddenly, everyone would know it’s you.”
	“By then, they would only think that you made a fool of the audience, and everyone would think you are just being stubborn. Do you really want that?"
	When Julia said that calmly, Jessica felt herself like a drowning woman with not even a straw to clutch at.
	"Julia, I can't apologize that easily. If so, it would be more difficult for me to stage a comeback.”
	“My grandma, parents and Shawn don't want me to have such an ending. Century Entertainment invested so much money. If it was in vain, he wouldn't let go of me."
	Julia looked at her and frowned.
	"But…"
	"To look for Natalia!"
	Jessica suddenly thought of something, widened her pupils, grabbed Julia by her hand and said hurriedly, "Go to her. Ask her about what she wants. As long as she comes out to clarify that these are false, I can give whatever she wants. Go to her!"
	Julia was in a dilemma.
	"Will it work? After all, this is…"
	"It will!" Jessica sneered, "You don't know that woman. She loves money. She could stand Shawn's betrayal and admit it was all her fault just to get some shares.”
	“I believe that she'll do anything for the money."
	Julia was a little puzzled.
	"Rumor has it that she has been kidnapped. Where shall I look for her?"
	"She has been rescued!"
	Jessica realized that she shouldn't have put it bluntly. Her expression changed slightly as she swallowed her tongue back.
	Julia had heard that and looked at Jessica in disbelief.
	"How do you know she has been saved? Are you involved…?"
	"No! Don't be ridiculous!"
	Jessica hurriedly denied, but her eyelids flickered, indicating she was guilty.
	Julia almost fell apart.
	"Are you crazy? How can you do such a thing? If it's exposed, it hurts your reputation, and you might end up in jail. Do you have any idea what that would mean?"
	Jessica snorted, with a disdainful look.
	"I didn't kill her, did I? She was so fortunate that she escaped herself. Even if she accused me, she had no evidence to prove it was me."
	Something flashed across Julia's mind. She hurriedly asked, "Have you destroyed all the evidence?"
	Jessica nodded.
	"Don't worry! I'm not that stupid enough to leave the evidence. As soon as she left, I destroyed all the evidence. Even if she comes back, she could get nothing to prove that I kidnapped her."
	Hearing that, Julia felt relieved, but Jessica's bold move frightened her.
	"You'd better tell Shawn about that. Though you destroyed all the evidence. Something unexpected may happen, you can handle it together if you tell him in advance."
	Jessica's face froze and she looked uneasy.
	"No need. I can handle it myself. Don't bother to tell him."
	"Are you sure?"
	"Yes." Jessica was impatient, "Let's not talk about it. You better think of a way to stop people talking."
Chapter 240 Flee Away
	Julia nodded, "Alright, I'll get down to this thing first. Be careful and don't make any other trouble. To stay away from troubles, you'd better stay at home. Wait for good news."
	Jessica heaved a sigh of relief after hearing that.
	She nodded, "I see. Thank you, Julia."
	After Julia left, Shawn called Jessica.
	Jessica looked at the name on the screen with a cold gaze.
	They'd broken up. It would be good that he didn't take her as an enemy. How could he love her as before?
	However, looking at the name, she couldn't help but feel sorrow and pain as if some part of her heart had been scooped out brutally.
	She took a deep breath and answered the phone.
	Shawn's voice was gloomy.
	"Did you do that?"
	Jessica reluctantly tugged at her lips and put on a cold smile. “Don’t you know that long ago? I got the drugs from your man. Don't tell me he gave me the drugs without your consent."
	Shawn said in cold voice, "You bribed my assistants, didn't you? I turned a blind eye to it and didn't want to dispute with you. Now you pass the buck to me?"
	Jessica paused for a moment.
	She chuckled.
	"You're questioning me now?"
	"Can't I? Century Entertainment has invested so much in you. We let you play the role in this series. You're about to sign the endorsement contract, but you make such a disturbance. How do you explain to the partner?"
	Jessica paused.
	Her eyelids drooped. Then, a cold smile touched her lips.
	"I am thinking a way to solve it. Why are you so anxious? You're anxious because you feel sorry for your ex-girlfriend whom you've abandoned and now love so much?"
	"Jessica!"
	"Don't call me so angrily. It will make me feel that my guess is true."
	She put on a long face. There was peace and coldness in her eyes.
	Their relationship had been completely broken.
	It was like a mirror broken into pieces that could never be pieced together.
	After that, Jessica hung up the phone calmly, took a deep breath and went out for a meal.
	Natalia learned that Julia wanted to see her.
	Julia did not dare to come to McCarthy Mansion for Natalia, though Julia knew Natalia would be there now that Natalia was saved.
	McCarthy Mansion was not a place that anyone could just walk in.
	She was likely to be refused to enter, so Julia went to Star Entertainment, and told Elsa to call Natalia and asked Natalia out.
	Elsa didn't know Natalia had been back.
	She felt displeased after hearing Julia's request. After all, rumor had it that Jessica had Natalia kidnapped.
	Though Elsa felt it impossible, she disliked Julia very much.
	"Everyone knows my boss has been kidnapped, but you look for her now. Isn't that ridiculous? I do want to know where she is. If I do know, do I have to be so anxious?"
	Julia was somewhat embarrassed.
	Thinking of her task, Julia could only swallow her pride.
	So, she asked earnestly, "Please call her, or you give me her number."
	Elsa sneered.
	"Why should I give it to you?"
	Julia looked at Elsa seriously.
	"Don't you want to know where your boss is?"
	Elsa paused.
	She looked at Julia suspiciously and felt something wrong with the whole thing.
	The police announced that Natalia was missing and hadn't been found yet. Why was Julia sure that she could get through to Natalia?
	Since Elsa was concerned about Natalia, she made the phone call finally.
	Unexpectedly, the call had been put through.
	Elsa was happy. Then, a cold voice came from the other side.
	"What's up?"
	It was a male's voice.
	Elsa immediately realized who that male was.
	Her mouth widened. She realized Julia stood outside, so she held back screams.
	"Nothing, Is Natalia alright?"
	Archie sat on the sofa and looked at Natalia, who was using facial mask.
	Natalia gestured at him, and he said, "She's fine. Don't tell anyone."
	Elsa nodded, "I see."
	Then, the call was cut off
	She stared at her phone for several seconds before she came to senses.
	She was a bit confused, but ecstasy had filled her heart.
	She took a deep breath and stood for a few seconds before she was able to calm down. She went out with an indifferent look.
	Julia stood there, saw Elsa coming out and hurried to her.
	"Well? Miss Elsa, is Natalia willing to see me?"
	Elsa frowned, and looked at her suspiciously, "What makes you think that my boss has come back?"
	Julia was stunned.
	She forced a smile, "I heard that from somebody, so I came to ask you."
	Elsa sneered.
	"Really? Which bastard is talking nonsense? I called her but no one answered the phone. Then I called her home, but her family told me that Natalia is still missing."
	"I don't know who you had heard this nonsense from. I think that guy must know something. Why don't you tell me who he is? I ask him myself."
	Julia's face changed and she felt a little flustered.
	She forced a smile, "I just heard others talking gossip. If you can't get through to her, just forget it. I'll come over another day."
	Then, Julia hurried to leave.
	Seeing Julia's back, Elsa heaved a sigh of relief.
	Natalia took her mobile phone and had turned it off, so as to avoid being got through.
	Just now it occurred to her that an important document was in her phone, so she asked Archie to turn on the phone for her to get the document out.
Chapter 241 Letting It Slip
	But then she’d received Elsa’s call.
	Now that she’d gone missing for so long, Elsa and all her colleagues were probably worried out of their minds. So she had Archie answer the call and reassure her a bit.
	Elsa had followed her over from Century. The two had been colleagues for years, and she knew what Elsa was like. Naturally, she trusted her.
	And Elsa had shown that that trust wasn’t misplaced.
	Although she now knew that she was back, she only kept it buried deep and didn’t tell anyone.
	Even with Julia waiting outside, she simply made up an excuse and sent her away.
	When Julia left Star Entertainment and went back to find Jessica, she’d told her the entire process and result of going to Star to look for Natalia.
	Hearing that Julia’s persuasion hadn’t succeeded, and she hadn’t even seen Natalia, Jessica started panicking right away.
	“How is that possible? She should have escaped; how hasn’t she made her return yet?”
	Julia didn’t understand it, either.
	She frowned, musing, “Maybe something went wrong? Or someone took her mid-way, so she hasn’t come back?”
	“That can’t be!”
	Jessica shot the possibility down without even considering it.
	At first, even though she hadn’t seen Natalia escape with her own eyes, the four brutes who’d been knocked unconscious in the chamber were there.
	Then she’d found that Archie McCarthy had also emerged in the area with his men. If that was the case, Archie had to had taken Natalia away.
	So what was going on?
	Jessica was very troubled.
	She didn’t understand it. Since she was back and knew what she’d done to her, Natalia should be making her stand against her.
	Why would she hide and pretend she wasn’t coming back?
	Jessica and Julia thought for a whole night with no conclusion.
	Until the next day, when news leaked on the internet that Natalia’s disappearance was intimately liked to Jessica.
	The proof – a roadside CCTV recording showing the last rental car that Natalia went on before her disappearance, registered to one of Jessica’s drivers several months ago.
	What kind of a coincidence was that? Natalia got on a car and disappeared, with that same car’s owner being a driver under Jessica.
	With that, no one could believe Jessica was innocent.
	Furious speculation and discussion sparked on the internet.
	All voices chipped in with their own versions of the story. The more imaginative of the bunch took out the drama the two had displayed from earlier and crafted a basic plot.
	Everyone then realized how messy and convoluted these two’s relationship were.
	On one end, Natalia was accusing someone of framing her, on the other end was Jessica implying to the internet that Natalia was going after her husband.
	But with Rosa’s video, the internet believed in Natalia’s innocence in what had happened before.
	Jessica, on the other hand, had released a formal statement through her agency claiming that she was being framed and would reserve the right to prosecution, but hadn’t ever produced any proper evidence to prove her innocence. Many people disapproved.
	And with this leak, everyone was about done with her.
	Some well-meaning fans had already gone after Jessica.
	Demanding that she let Natalia go, tagging the police on social media and howling for justice.
	Seeing the comments online, Jessica’s panic intensified.
	Not just her – Julia was getting antsy as well.
	“Didn’t you say you cleaned up all your traces, Jessica? How is there a video?”
	Jessica had no explanation.
	“How should I know? I already sent people to clean up the scene, how would I know where they found another video?”
	Julia almost lost it at that, but she forced herself to calm down before saying, “All right. The good thing is, they’ve only found that that driver is related to you, and nothing else. So long as we insist that you haven’t ever contacted that driver after he left your employment, we can pin everything on him. He acted alone and remains completely unrelated to you. With no other proof, as much as they doubt your story, they can’t say anything.”
	Jessica nodded, then sat bolt upright.
	She blurted, “Wait! Now that they’ve found this video, that driver’s probably in custody now. What if he rats me out?”
	Julia looked at her in disbelief. “You’re not telling me you went to him personally?”
	Jessica scratched her head in an ill mood. “What else could I have done? Ever since Rosa sold out to that bitch, I don’t have anyone near me I can trust to do this stuff. If I don’t get it done personally, am I supposed to just find some random person to do it for me? Isn’t that even more dangerous?”
	Julia knew she was speaking the truth.
	But she was still angry.
	Looking at Jessica’s defeated state, though, she couldn’t say anything about it in case it triggered her.
	Finally, she waved her hand impatiently and said, “Fine, I’ll send someone out to poke around. Get some money ready these couple days. If that driver really got caught, you’d need a pretty large sum to seal his mouth.”
	Looking exhausted, Jessica slumped down on her chair, clutched her head, and nodded.
	Julia left.
	Feeling that her most important piece had been sucked out of her, Jessica lost her energy.
	She hugged her arms around her head and sat there for a long while before lifting her head.
	Looking at the lavish decorations in the house, she finally walked over and picked up her phone off the dresser.
	She stood there, took a deep breath, and dialed a number.
	“Grandma, it’s Jessica. I’ve got something I want to discuss. Is now a good time?”
	*****
	Ever since Jessica had married off, this was the first time she’d gone back to the Dawson household.
	The atmosphere in the living room was oppressive, so oppressive that it felt far too rigid.
	Clara and Philip sat at the head position, Aleena on a sofa at the side, Jessica on a single-seater armchair. None of them spoke.
	Jessica had already explained the situation and why she needed money.
	She hadn’t filmed much for almost a year. The money she’d made before had mostly been invested into Century Entertainment, so she didn’t have that much money on hand now.
	It would have been even harder to get money from Shawn.
	Forget him interrogating her about kidnapping Natalia, he’d probably refuse even if she just asked him for money.
	If that was the case, she should just go to her own family.
	That was why Jessica had come home.
Chapter 242 Highest Authority
	Clara sat there, her expression dark, still trying to recover from the shock of the news.
	Aleena looked worried as her eyes darted at everyone. She tried to say something, but after several attempts, she couldn’t muster the courage to get it out.
	Because of the way she’d come to her position, even if Clara accepted her, Aleena rarely had a say in the Dawson family.
	Much less in a situation like this.
	So she looked pleadingly at Philip, hoping that he could take a stand for Jessica and say something in her favor.
	But Philip had always been fearful of Clara. Not to mention that Jessica had gone ahead and kidnapped someone this time. That was a crime.
	The good thing was that Jessica had now been married off, which meant that many things could be pushed off of him. If the Dawson family still involved him in the end, he didn’t know how much backlash he would have to deal with.
	Thinking of that, he shot a resentful glare at Jessica.
	Jessica hadn’t expected him to take such an attitude. Her temper flared, clogging her throat. She felt like she had a volcano building in her chest, ready to erupt.
	After a long while, Clara spoke.
	“Is there any other evidence than that driver of yours?”
	Jessica shook her head.
	“None, I’m sure of it. I’ve taken care of the four other people in that cellar in secret. I’d also given that driver enough money to make a run for it after the job was done and taken care of the car myself. I didn’t think his license plate would get caught on camera.”
	Hearing that, Clara nodded.
	“If there’s no other evidence, that’s good. At the end of the day, if they’ve found the driver, they don’t have any actual proof pointing to you. Wait it out for a while, and I’ll have your father ready some money for you. Don’t get involved in this personally. Leave it to Julia. She knows what to do.”
	Jessica nodded to show her understanding.
	Seeing Clara’s approach, Aleena relaxed.
	Turning, she looked at Jessica and worried, “What about that recording online now? And the video where Rosa testifies against you has to be doing some damage to your career; have you thought about how to deal with it?”
	At that, Jessica’s rage intensified.
	She’d been so confident sending Rosa to frame Natalia. Look where she was now.
	As if she’d been slapped hard across the face.
	She gritted her teeth and snarled, “That bitch betrayed me. I won’t let her go!”
	Philip scoffed. “What else can you do but let her go? Now that she’s willing to testify in Natalia’s favor, Natalia will definitely protect her. Natalia’s no worry by herself, but what if Archie gets involved? You want the Dawson family to go to war with McCarthy?”
	To that, Jessica’s words caught in her throat, and she had no idea what to say for a moment.
	However powerful the Dawson family was in Julio, they couldn’t dare stand up to the McCarthy family.
	They were the highest authority in Eqitin, after all.
	Forget them, even the Millers and the Kaurs shied away from offending each other.
	Jessica lapsed into silence, and Clara waved Philip off impatiently.
	“All right, all right. You’re her father but you always say such discouraging things.”
	As she spoke, she turned to look at Jessica.
	“Head back for now. I’ll have your father send you the money. Remember to discuss things with Shawn after you get back. Discuss between the two of you if anything comes up. Don’t hold it in.”
	Jessica nodded.
	After she left, Aleena finally relaxed and got up, heading to the kitchen to make dinner.
	But just as she stood, Clara called out to her.
	She stared Aleena in place, none of her earlier gentle kindness in her gaze as she said coldly, “Come with me. We need to talk.”
	Aleena paused, then nodded.
	“Sure.”
	The second floor. Clara’s bedroom.
	Her body relaxed as she reclined on her rocking chair, looking at Aleena in front of her.
	“Jessica’s stepped in it this time. Other people don’t, but I know Natalia. Her play’s encompassed Jessica entirely this time. Anything off, and Jessica won’t recover from this.”
	Hearing that, Aleena’s brow furrowed with worry.
	“Do you have any thoughts, Mom?”
	Clara nodded.
	“You remember the necklace Natalia got back from me that time?”
	Aleena jolted. “I do, why?”
	“That’s an important memento of her mother’s. A pity it’s a fake.”
	Aleena’s eyes widened in shock.
	Clara took out a redwood box from a side drawer.
	Opening the box revealed an antique ruby necklace inside, wrapped in a silk sheet.
	“This is…”
	“Does it look similar?”
	Aleena hurriedly nodded.
	“At first, Kiera thought nobody knew that she’d switched the child. A shame. How would I not remember how a Dawson looks like? She might have been a baby in the cradle, but her nose and her eyes look nothing like Philip’s. Does she really think I’m blind? But since the child came from good stock, I decided it wouldn’t be a bad thing to raise her. Just a girl at the end of the day. If she brings us glory and wealth one day, it wouldn’t have been for nothing. But that damn brat turned out to be just an ungrateful traitor! All those years of affection wasted on her. If she doesn’t care for it, then I have no further need to protect her.”
	Clara was still speaking, but Aleena was already shocked beyond words.
	She’d guessed a little as to Natalia’s background, but only a vague outline, not this much detail.
	She’d thought that the old woman hadn’t even found out about it, but she’d known all along.
	Not just that, it was all part of her plan!
	Aleena went slightly pale, cold sweat running down her temple as she felt a chill crawl up her spine.
	Clara acted like she hadn’t seen her face and continued, “Now that this has happened with Jessica, if Archie really does follow up, even our family can’t protect her. So her only choice now is to really become that woman’s daughter in Natalia’s place if she wants to rid herself of her tainted reputation, and help the Dawson family on our way up the ladder. Wouldn’t you agree?”
	Aleena didn’t know how to react. After a pause, she nodded awkwardly.
	“You’re right.”
	“Then you understand what you have to do, don’t you?”
	“I…”
	Understanding something, Aleena’s eyes widened in disbelief.
	Clara looked at her, her face shadowed, her eyes bright and glaring with imperious authority.
	She opened her mouth and didn’t manage to get anything out for a long while.
	Finally, she lowered her head.
	“I understand.”
Chapter 243 Survival
	The rumors of Jessica hiring kidnappers to abduct Natalia continued to ferment online.
	Along with the recording from before and Rosa’s testimony, things really started to heat up.
	Soon enough, Jessica’s reputation in entertainment circles was in shambles. There were still people who believed she was innocent, but before a mountain of evidence, most people chose to believe their own eyes.
	So voices against Jessica on the internet had grown in multitude.
	That afternoon, Jessica was lying at home resting when she received a call from Nancy.
	Someone had gone to the police station and asked for the driver. That someone was a renowned lawyer within the industry.
	Since guilt hadn’t been established yet, the driver did have the right to see a lawyer, so they couldn’t do anything about that.
	There was too much involved in this business. The media was on a hair trigger and poised outside the police station, itching to dig up just a bit more inside news.
	So at this time, Natalia absolutely couldn’t show her face. That went for Archie, too.
	She thought for a while and said, “Let them meet, then. It’s fine.”
	Nancy was a little worried.
	“If that driver changes his testimony, it could be bad for your position.”
	Natalia smiled coldly.
	“Relax. I’ve already decided to bring Jessica to rock bottom, so that’s not the only card up my sleeve.”
	Hearing that, Nancy loosened up.
	On the other side, Julia heaved a sigh of relief after finding someone to take care of the driver.
	Then, that night, the police released another statement.
	It announced that they’d found the crime scene where Natalia had been kidnapped. To go with it, they’d even released the photo and address of that cellar.
	They made it evident in the announcement that, even though they’d tried their hardest to find the place, the perpetrators seemed to have caught on and moved the victim away.
	In other words, Natalia was still missing.
	Julia looked at the photos and almost lost it with sheer terror.
	She hurried back to Jessica to confirm.
	When Jessica saw the leaked photos, she was stunned as well.
	It wasn’t possible!
	She’d destroyed the whole crime scene and wiped away all traces of her or Natalia ever being there.
	How could they have shot those pictures?
	The cellar in the photo was exactly the same as the one Natalia had been held in.
	On the operating table in the center, there were still faint signs of a struggle.
	And the final shot was one of a ring.
	The police stated that the ring had been recovered from the crime scene. After confirming with people close to Natalia, they’d confirmed the ring wasn’t hers.
	That was to say, this ring very likely belonged to the mastermind of the kidnapping.
	The image quality of the ring was extremely high. The gleam of the heart-shaped diamond on it was clearly visible.
	All Jessica felt was cold, as if someone had dunked ice water over her head. She started shivering.
	H-how was that possible?
	Did-didn’t she break that ring a long time ago?
	Rosa had even said she’d go and have it fixed, so how could it appear here?
	Rosa?!
	She thought of something and widened her eyes.
	That damn brat! They were working together to frame her?
	Jessica was about to lose her mind, but no matter how she felt like she was in the clear, people still posted photos of when she’d attended previous events.
	And enlarged her hand, putting the heart diamond ring in full view.
	“Man! This woman’s lost her mind; she really kidnapped Natalia?”
	“That ring’s a keepsake from Shawn Miller, right?”
	“Seems so, I remember there being an interview where she said it herself. I’ll dig it up.”
	Soon, they’d found that video on the internet as well.
	It was the one where, not long after Natalia exposed her affair with Shawn, Shawn had given her the ring for their engagement.
	A sharp-eyed reporter had noticed it and asked about it when Jessica was being interviewed.
	And she’d boasted about it with pride.
	To show them how delicately the diamond had been cut, she’d even raised her hand to the camera to get a better shot of the ring.
	She’d never expected it to be used against her like this today.
	Jessica went completely pale and staggered back, stumbling into the sofa.
	Julia was at a loss for words. She massaged her head and sighed.
	“Didn’t you say you destroyed all the evidence? What’s this about, then?”
	Jessica shook her head.
	The extreme terror and helplessness reddened her eyes.
	“I don’t know. I’d already had someone destroy that cellar and removed everything including that operating table. Why did it show up here?”
	She paused, then looked at Julia, her face white.
	“She must have planned all of this. She already expected me to kidnap her, which was why she got those photos? Those pictures weren’t taken after the incident, that’s impossible! And she couldn’t have found that ring in the crime scene! They’re collaborating to plot against me – it’s a trap, and I jumped right into it!”
	Julia made a slight, mocking sneer.
	“Even if it was a trap, didn’t you jump into it yourself?”
	Jessica had no words.
	Noticing Julia’s dissatisfied tone, her face sank.
	“Even you’re saying this about me? Are you so disappointed in me that you’re leaving me, too?”
	Julia blinked.
	Truth be told, she had it worse now despite her background in the industry.
	The new generation surpassed the old. Her ability was already behind compared to the younger managers and representatives. Be it in experience or in their way of thinking, the times had caught up with her and even overtaken her.
	As things stood now, Jessica was one of the best artists under her charge. If only for her own future, she couldn’t let Jessica get ruined.
	Considering that, Julia sighed.
	“Don’t take it the wrong way. I didn’t mean it like that.”
	She paused, then said, “It’s not looking good for us right now. Do you have any thoughts?”
	Jessica shook her head.
	“I don’t know. My head’s a mess right now.”
	Julia thought about it, brow furrowing.
	“If it really had been Natalia’s plot like you said, the only solution now is to find her. So long as we prove that she’s fine and walking free, then all the rumors will be dispelled without any effort, and…”
	Her eyes gleamed, a cunning light flashing through them.
	“If we do this right, we could flip the board and turn it all around.”
	Jessica started and looked at her. “What do you mean turn it all around?”
	“Heh! Think. What if they found out that Natalia wasn’t just fine, but started this whole show on her own and bought out the police to join in with her, all just to frame you, chase you out of the entertainment business, and take everything you have right now. What do you think they’ll say then?”
Chapter 244 Off to the Island
	Jessica’s eyes widened in shock.
	“You mean…”
	Julia snickered.
	“The one thing that people hate the most is collusion between the rich and the powerful. So what if Natalia has Archie at her back? The better Archie treats her, the more everyone feels like the wealthy can do whatever they want. That way, people will begin to hate her. And you really think the McCarthy family is sitting steady on top of Eqitin with no rivals? Please! Everyone knows how many people have been after that position. If the McCarthy family gets put under public scrutiny from this, they would have to get involved on the inside too. With pressure put on him within and without, let’s see what Archie will pick – the interests of his family, or one woman?”
	Jessica was stunned into a daze.
	After a while, she reacted, her expression overjoyed.
	“I’ve got it now! So the most important thing now, Julia, is finding Natalia, right?”
	“Yes. We have to prove she’s not missing at all. This way, everyone will believe that she was lying all along!”
	Jessica nodded.
	“All right, I’ve got it. I’ll try to find her right away.”
	*****
	While Jessica tried to unearth Natalia wherever she was.
	Natalia had already received the news.
	After all, since the driver had exposed it, she’d guessed that Jessica would probably be coming for her.
	She couldn’t stay in the McCarthy household. Even though Jessica wasn’t bold enough to intrude here directly, this was too big of a target to stay undetected.
	Natalia was considering where she could hide when Ariana called.
	“What are you up to now, Natalia? How are you holding up?”
	Old Mrs. McCarthy had called Archie’s phone and told her to pick up.
	Seemed like Archie was afraid the old woman and the child would get worried, so he’d told them about the situation beforehand.
	Natalia replied hurriedly, “I’m fine, I’m at home. What about you? How have you been lately?”
	“I’m doing well, but Anne misses you and keeps raising a ruckus about seeing you. If you’re free someday, I can take her over to play with you for a couple days?”
	“That’s…”
	Natalia was in a bad spot.
	There was far too much going on right now. She needed to force Jessica and the rest of that family to admit their crimes against her mother, so she absolutely couldn’t show herself.
	But Anne…
	Seemingly sensing her hesitation, Ariana added in a rush, “I bought an island in the south recently. The scenery is great there, and I had someone open a hotel there too. The chef was previously responsible for the national feasts, and his cooking is top of the line. Whenever you’re free, how about we all take a holiday on the island?”
	Now that she’d gone that far, if Natalia didn’t get it, it would have all been for nothing.
	She hastily replied, “All right, I’m good whenever. I’ll leave the schedule to you.”
	“If that’s the case, let’s go with tomorrow. I’ll have Archie bring you here.”
	“Okay.”
	With the deal set, the old woman hung up.
	Archie looked at her expectantly from the side. Seeing that she’d hung up, he hurriedly asked, “You agreed, then?”
	Natalia nodded. “Yeah, she says to go tomorrow.”
	“Ah.”
	The man’s eyes flickered, his thoughts a mystery.
	Curious, Natalia asked, “She says she bought an island in the south? Buying up a whole island takes plenty of money, right? Is she trying to break into the tourist industry?”
	Archie waved it off casually.
	“No. She’s just getting on in years, so she wants a place down south to spend the rest of her days.”
	“…”
	All right, then! She just didn’t get how rich people thought.
	Buying up a whole island just for yourself to stay in – heh, wasn’t that something!
	The old lady had incredible follow through, too. The moment she decided on it, she had Archie send them over right away.
	Early morning the next day, Natalia flew all the way to the island.
	The island did have beautiful scenery, and a beautiful name to go along with it – Fortuna Island.
	The way Ariana told it, there were plenty of rare birds on the island. Because of overhunting from nearby fishermen and the current state of the ecosystem, they were facing extinction.
	Ariana had bought the isle in part to give them a quiet, peaceful habitat.
	Anne had already heard the news that Natalia was coming over, and she’d been excited as could be from early in the morning.
	When Natalia arrived in earnest at noon, she rushed to greet her.
	Natalia hadn’t seen her in a while, so she naturally missed her a great deal. The moment mother and daughter met, they hugged each other tight and snuggled against each other for a long while before they released each other.
	Ariana looked her up and down and said caringly, “My, you’ve grown thin, Natalia. I heard you were kidnapped; how are you? Are you hurt?”
	Smiling, Natalia shook her head. “I’m fine, just a little shaken.”
	The wound on her hand wasn’t deep, and after a few days’ rest, it was basically fully healed.
	Afraid she’d worry Ariana and Anne, she’d taken the bandages off before she arrived. A faint line could still be seen running across her palm, but it wasn’t as bad as it had been, so it wasn’t frightening.
	Hearing that, Ariana relaxed and nodded.
	Then she led the couple in.
	There was only one hotel on the island, and the old lady had already prepared their room beforehand.
	Natalia retired to the room with Archie and rested for a while, only coming out for lunch.
	William wasn’t feeling well, as always. He hadn’t come with them this time.
	But Ariana was as talkative as ever. She was approaching her seventies, but her righteous, childlike heart still remained.
	Knowing what Natalia had gone through, she was barely holding it in and hollering about getting even for her.
	Natalia just laughed at her adorable nature, but she also knew that this was Ariana’s way of treating her as one of her own. The mark of concern moved her all the more for it.
	“No need to get involved, Grandma. Natalia has her own plan.”
	Midway through Ariana’s spiel, Archie couldn’t sit by and interrupted.
	Ariana glared at him.
	“You’ve got some nerve saying that, haven’t you? What kind of husband are you; not even protecting your wife properly? What are your brains for if you’re having her do her own dirty work at a time like this?”
	The old lady did not hold back when it came to roasting her own grandson.
	Archie scowled. Seeing that, Natalia hurriedly explained.
	“It’s not that he’s not helping me, Grandma. I’m keeping him out of it.”
	As she spoke, she outlined her enmity with Jessica and how her mother Kiera had died.
	Including how, five years ago, she was kicked out of the Dawson family, and how Jessica and Aleena had taken over all of her properties, making it difficult for her to even retrieve her mother’s mementos.
	Hearing that, Ariana flew into a rage.
	“What a disgrace! Is there still justice in this world? How is a family this shameless still around?”
	Natalia scoffed mildly.
	“Family always complicates matters. No one else is to blame. I was just too young and naïve five years ago and didn’t think hard enough. If I’d just been smarter about it then and realized something was off with Mom’s death, I wouldn’t have needed to go through all this today.”
	Her heart aching for Natalia, Ariana patted her hand soothingly.
	Then she recalled something and asked, “You say that your mother only left you with a necklace when she passed away?”
Chapter 245 A Bit of Jealousy
	Natalia nodded.
	“That’s not right,” Ariana frowned. “Logically speaking, with the mistress and her bastard daughter already taking her place, she should have had an inkling of what was going to happen to her and left her own daughter something more than just a necklace.”
	“Grandma, you mean…”
	“See, if I was your mother and I knew my enemy was gunning not just for your father but the properties of the household, I would have transferred a portion of the property to your name first. That way, even if something were to happen to me, you wouldn’t be as worse off as you could be. Wouldn’t you agree?”
	Natalia blinked.
	It wasn’t that she hadn’t wondered about it before, but her mother was already dead, so it was pointless to wonder.
	And as far as she knew, when her mother was still alive, a lot of property under the Hawkins name had already been taken over by Philip and Clara.
	Kiera had been a mild-mannered lady, and she didn’t like to squabble.
	Because of that, even though that mother and son duo had developed an increasingly voracious appetite, eventually even changing the Hawkins name to Dawson, she hadn’t spoken up.
	And she didn’t know if it was an illusion or not, but Natalia had always felt that her mother had something on her mind.
	Sometimes, she’d unconsciously display feelings of guilt towards Philip.
	That might have been why Philip’s behavior grew more and more rampant.
	Natalia frowned, deep in thought.
	Unwilling to allow her to linger in the sorrows of the past, Archie interrupted the topic.
	“All right, it’s time for lunch. Enough with the doom and gloom. Here, Natalia, try this hairy crab.”
	As he spoke, he peeled a crab himself and put it in Natalia’s bowl.
	Natalia recovered her wits and nodded.
	On the other side, Anne chimed in. “Daddy, I want to eat the crabby too.”
	Archie looked at her and scraped off a little bit of crab roe for her.
	The girl looked at the tiny chunk of crab roe in her bowl and raised a fuss.
	Pouting, she huffed, “I don’t want it! I want a crabby that Daddy peeled, as big as Mommy’s!”
	Then she pointed at Natalia’s bowl.
	Natalia found it hard not to laugh at that.
	Archie grew stern.
	“Don’t you know your own body? The doctor says you can’t eat too much seafood. I’m cutting you some slack for your Mommy even letting you have this much. If you don’t want it, give it back.”
	And he really stretched out his hand to take her bowl.
	Seeing that, Anne snatched her bowl away.
	Her bright eyes watered as her pout grew, looking especially pitiful.
	“Bad Daddy, stealing my crab. I’m not sitting with Daddy anymore.”
	With that, she hopped off the stool and ran up next to Natalia, sitting down next to her.
	“I’m sitting with Mommy now.”
	She deliberately looked up to smile at Natalia.
	Natalia felt her heart melt as she patted her head in a comforting gesture.
	She put some meat in Anne’s bowl, soothing, “If you can’t eat crab, Anne, how about some roast meat? Roast meat is good too.”
	Anne nodded and spooned the meat into her mouth, eyes crinkling in satisfaction.
	“Thank you, Mommy, the meat Mommy gives me is good.”
	As for Archie – “…”
	Who was it who’d rather die than eat roast meat, then?
	Now that the mother was here, the father was left forgotten!
	Looking at the mother and child snuggling up against each other, he felt a surge of displeasure.
	A bit of sour jealousy.
	Ariana was glad, though. She’d been worried that Natalia wouldn’t get along well with Anne. Looks like she’d been overthinking it.
	She didn’t know how Anne’s mind worked. She’d devoted all those years and all that effort to find a good mother for her.
	Anne just didn’t like any of them. Even that child from the Kawn family – such a sweet and gentle girl – only got a “barely decent” from Anne and no real approval.
	Until she met Natalia, at which point a back door apparently had opened. Ariana had never seen Anne so well-behaved.
	The old lady was glad.
	Curious, Natalia asked, “I only knew that Anne’s body was in poor shape before, but not any of what was going on. Does she have a disease? Or was she always sickly?”
	When that subject came up, the expressions of the family around the table changed subtly.
	Archie’s face remained still, while Ariana sighed.
	“It’s a long story. Anne’s different from normal children; she…”
	Natalia leant in, listening closely.
	“She wasn’t born from a normal pregnancy but through an artificial womb. A test tube baby. There were some issues, so the child has never been in good health.”
	Hearing that, Natalia was quite shocked.
	She’d always thought that Anne was a memento of one of Archie’s previous girlfriends?
	But she was from an artificial womb?
	Natalia had never seen it herself, but she’d heard of artificial wombs on the news while out of the country.
	Apparently, some medical genius had simulated a pregnant environment for the baby to take up the burden of women giving birth.
	She didn’t think it had actually succeeded!
	Natalia’s expression of care and concern for Anne grew even more now.
	She’d been through enough already, but it turned out she didn’t even have a mother!
	If that person who donated an egg could even count as a mother.
	Natalia felt a surge of deep regret that she hadn’t treated Anne a little better so far.
	Anne was a bit confused herself, not understanding why the atmosphere among the adults had sank.
	She blinked, then tugged on Natalia’s sleeve.
	“What are you talking about, Mommy?”
	Heart aching, Natalia bent over and hugged her, soothing, “Nothing. You’re a good girl, Anne.”
	Anne let her hold her in her arms and didn’t move, staring sweetly up at her.
	She wasn’t completely in the dark. It was just that she didn’t understand the finer points.
	For example, she knew that they were talking about her background, and that Natalia was hugging her because she felt bad for her.
	But she didn’t think she had anything to feel bad about.
	Daddy had already told her she had a Mommy. Her Mommy was the most beautiful woman in the world.
	Daddy even had pictures of Mommy on his computer. The moment Anne saw Natalia, she’d recognized her right away.
	And Daddy had said that even though she was different from normal kids, that was just in the way she was born.
	The rest was all the same. If they had to split hairs, then she was probably different in that she was prettier and cuter!
Chapter 246 Refusing Bail
	While Anne thought her sweet thoughts to herself, Natalia didn’t know how she felt, and only felt her heart hurt the more she looked at the girl’s innocent bearing.
	The two hugged for a while and separated. Worried she would get hungry, Natalia made to feed her, but Archie stopped her.
	The man’s face was stern. “Don’t pamper her. Let her eat herself.”
	Natalia jolted, about to say that the child was still young.
	But Anne took up her spoon herself and helped herself to a mouthful.
	As she chewed with puffy cheeks, she said, “I’m grown-up now, Mommy. I can eat myself, so I don’t need someone to feed me now.”
	At that, Natalia had to laugh. Warmth surging into her chest, she tapped Anne lightly on the nose.
	“All right. Good girl, Anne.”
	Anne smiled happily.
	Ariana looked at the comfy scene and smiled herself.
	After the meal, the family all retired to their rooms.
	Anne started whining for Natalia to tell her a story, so Natalia took her to her own bedroom.
	Archie had come out in a hurry this time, and plenty of work wasn’t done yet, needing his personal attention. So the moment he went back to his room, he’d started working again.
	Ariana was tired as well. She’d always had a habit of napping, so she exchanged a few more words with them and went back to her own room to sleep.
	It was a peaceful and beautiful afternoon.
	On the other end, though, Jessica was having a far worse time of it.
	She’d been searching for Natalia everywhere with nothing to show for it. The driver she’d bought out before had also reneged on their deal and directly accused her of paying to have Natalia driven there.
	The driver had also given up the bank records between the two, claiming that before Natalia had gone missing, Jessica had wired a tremendous amount of money to the driver’s account.
	Examination showed that that money really had gone out from Jessica’s account.
	The police didn’t hide any of the news. The moment they confirmed it, they made it public.
	The news made another wave on the internet.
	But this time, Jessica didn’t respond.
	That night, several police officers appeared at the Miller household and took Jessica away.
	Because people had suspected Jessica for a long time and the online outcry against her was huge, many tabloid reporters had already been lying in wait outside the Miller household.
	Fearing, of course, that they wouldn’t get here in time to make any news if they stayed at their offices.
	Unexpectedly, they’d actually scooped up something.
	Seeing the policemen escort Jessica out of the Miller household, the reporters worked themselves into a frenzy swarming up for questions.
	But the police were on the case, so naturally they weren’t going to get the chance.
	It didn’t take long before the reporters were blocked off and Jessica was shut inside a police car.
	But even with that, the reporters were satisfied.
	Even though they’d missed out on the interview, with just photos and videos, they could make a killing off of views.
	That night, news of Jessica being taken into police custody spread like wildfire.
	Accompanied by the photos of her getting taken out of the Miller household. If there ever was a cut and dry case, this was it.
	Even Jessica’s most steadfast fans were stunned at that.
	They couldn’t have fathomed that their little fairy, their gentle big sister, would really have gotten taken away by the police.
	Someone raised the question-
	Taken away by police… didn’t that mean that Jessica really had something to do with this?
	All the evidence that had leaked online previously was true, then?
	Of course, someone tried to shoot it down.
	Getting put in custody didn’t mean she was guilty. Maybe she was just cooperating with the investigation.
	But that was debunked quickly enough.
	Jessica had been taken away in cuffs. Who got handcuffed for just cooperating with the investigation?
	With that, even the final wave of fans trying to defend Jessica found themselves at a loss for words.
	While those fans mourned their dying love in silence-
	Jessica was being interrogated in the police station.
	She’d never considered that the driver would snitch on her, so she’d been brought here without any preparation.
	Right now, she felt nothing except for fear and panic, so how could she say anything about it?
	And Julia had already warned her that she absolutely couldn’t speak the truth.
	So because of that, she clammed up further. A whole half-hour after she arrived at the station, she remained completely silent and didn’t say anything other than that she wanted her lawyer.
	Seeing her attitude, the police knew that she was a public figure, so they couldn’t do anything extreme. They could only allow her to see her lawyer.
	Not long afterwards, Julia arrived with a lawyer.
	With his help, Jessica managed to get out a stammering statement.
	Even though a lot of it didn’t line up and it wasn’t believable at all, the lawyer prosed that she’d suffered too much cyberbullying earlier, causing her mental and physical state to become unstable. That got them through for a while.
	Quickly afterwards, Julia put out a request for bail.
	But the request was denied by the police.
	Because Natalia still hadn’t been found, and as a major suspect, Jessica had great value.
	And she hadn’t explained the evidence away properly, too. They couldn’t let her leave before they found Natalia.
	Julia heard that and panicked right away.
	The photos of Jessica being taken away by the police had already been taken. If she didn’t get out tonight, then talk outside would intensify exponentially, to the point where she didn’t know what rumors would be flying around.
	The most important thing was that she didn’t have the confidence to have Jessica stay here alone. If this confinement went on, she could buckle under the pressure and spill the beans.
	But no matter how anxious Julia was, facing the completely impartial police, there was nothing she could do.
	Jessica, too, was getting distressed. She looked at Julia, afraid she was going to leave her there.
	Her voice trembled as she said, “You have to find some way to get me out of here, Julia. I don’t care how much money it takes. I’m not staying here.”
	Julia frowned, out of options.
	“I can’t think of anything right now. This has gotten too big for me to handle.”
	She paused, then muttered, “They took you from the Miller household. Can’t the Miller family do something?”
	Jessica jolted.
	When she’d been taken away, Shawn and Henry hadn’t been home.
	But it had almost been an hour since then. With the internet abuzz like this, they wouldn’t be in the dark.
	But they hadn’t appeared yet.
	Julia continued, “With all the years the Miller family has been putting down roots in the city and all the power they have, they must have a way to deal with this. Besides, one of them is your husband, the other is your father-in-law. If anything really did happen to you, it would affect the Miller family reputation too. They can’t leave you out to dry.”
Chapter 247 Overthinking Everything
	With Julia’s reminder, Jessica finally reacted.
	She murmured, “Right. As long as I’m still Shawn’s wife, I’m still part of the Miller family. They won’t leave me like this. Make a phone call for me, Julia. Call Shawn.”
	Julia nodded and went out.
	Not long later, the phone call was done.
	She walked in and said to Jessica, “Mr. Miller is on the way with his father. They must have already heard the news of your arrest. He said they were almost here when I called him.”
	Hearing that, Jessica heaved a sigh of relief.
	Luckily enough, she still had the position of Mrs. Miller.
	As much as Shawn didn’t love her anymore, out of consideration for the Miller family’s reputation, he couldn’t stand by and watch her become a convict.
	Julia stayed with her for a while. Not long later, Shawn and Henry arrived.
	Jessica saw them and felt all her pent-up emotion burst out of her chest.
	Her eyes reddened and swam with tears as she exclaimed, “Dad! Shawn.”
	Henry was the same as always, with his lukewarm expression. He nodded.
	“You two talk. I’ll go and pull some strings over there.”
	Shawn nodded.
	The Miller family did have connections in Julio, after all. Everyone knew that Jessica’s identity was special, so they didn’t disturb them.
	They emptied out the whole interrogation room to let them talk.
	Jessica sat on her chair, all her sourness and resentment turning to tears and rolling down her cheek.
	Shawn sat across her, looking at her coldly.
	“You don’t think that you can solve everything by crying after making such a huge mess, do you?”
	Jessica froze.
	She put away her tears, lifted her head, and looked at him with misty eyes.
	“I’m sorry for the trouble, Shawn. Thank you for coming to get me out. I promise I’ll keep it low-profile from now on.”
	Miller smirked.
	“From now on?”
	He sneered. “We’ll talk about the future later. Let’s go back to the present.”
	Jessica nodded and pleaded, “Julia already requested bail earlier, but they wouldn’t let me. You have to do something, Shawn.”
	Shawn nodded back.
	“I can get you out, but you need to cooperate with me, all right?”
	Jessica nodded hastily.
	“What do you need, Shawn? Anything you ask for.”
	Shawn chuckled mockingly. “Where’s Natalia?”
	Jessica was left speechless.
	Her face changed, and the high-tension string in her brain snapped. Something buzzed inside her and exploded.
	She looked at him in disbelief. “Even you think I’ve hidden Natalia away?”
	Shawn looked at her coldly. “I know what kind of person you are. I also know full well how much you hate Natalia. On account of us being husband and wife, Jessica, if you tell me her whereabouts today, I’ll save you. How’s that?”
	Jessica suddenly found the whole situation absurd.
	She’d never come across something so ridiculous in her life.
	In her most dire straits, her own husband was forcing her to give up the location of another woman before he would save her.
	Jessica laughed out loud, her laughter growing more and more deranged as her tears fell.
	She looked at Shawn like she was at a clown show.
	“You don’t really think that Natalia will come back to you at this point, do you, Shawn?”
	Shawn’s brow slashed downwards viciously.
	This one touched a nerve.
	“That has nothing to do with you.”
	“Yes, of course it doesn’t have anything to do with me! I’m just your wife in all but name now, so you can divorce me any day you want? But who do you think you are? You think that even if you force Natalia’s location from me and swoop in to save the day, she’ll thank you graciously for it and reignite your lost passion? Are you really this stupid, Shawn Miller? Forget imagining if Natalia would leave Archie and choose you, but you couldn’t ever get your wish just from the fact that I don’t even know where she is!”
	She burst out cackling dementedly after she finished.
	Shawn’s face went purple. Clenching his fist tight, he suppressed his rage enough to keep himself from hurling this madwoman into a wall.
	“You mean you don’t know where she is?”
	“Of course! If I’d known, would I still be stuck here?”
	“You’re lying! You kidnapped her!”
	“Yes, that’s right, I kidnapped her, but she escaped midway. What? You’ve been thinking of her so much, but she didn’t tell you how to contact her and where to find her? Hah! Look at what a joke you are! You’re here overthinking everything while she’s off having a great time somewhere! I’d always thought I was the dumb one, but turns out you’re an even bigger moron!”
	At her mockery, Shawn’s handsome face turned an array of different colors.
	His clenched fist crackled, knuckles white from exertion.
	Finally, he sucked in a deep breath and stood.
	Looking at the weeping, laughing woman whose body had gone slack, Shawn’s gaze had with it a bit of disgust.
	“You’re mad!”
	With that, he went out without a trace of longing.
	In the end, Shawn Miller didn’t end up bailing Jessica out.
	Julia didn’t know what was going on, but she could see that something wasn’t quite right between the two of them.
	She was a woman of vision. After spending so much time in the industry, she knew exactly when to cut her losses.
	Jessica had gotten herself to this point and deserved everything she was coming to her. If even the Miller family was abandoning her, as her agent, there wasn’t anything she could do to save her even if she wanted to.
	So Julia simply dropped a few official lines with Jessica and left as well.
	Jessica sat there like her soul had gone out her body, looking like a completely different person.
	She didn’t try to keep Julia at her side or ask for help.
	She just sat there, head bent, and grunted woodenly.
	Seeing her state, Julia knew that Jessica’s life was ruined. She’d had a bright future ahead of her, but never managed to take her mind off the small grudges between two people, and paid for it with herself.
	She’d helped her plot along the side, but overall, she had wanted the best for her. She’d never wanted to lay her this low.
	Finally, she sighed helplessly and turned to leave.
	When everyone had left, two officers walked over to escort Jessica to where she would be held temporarily.
Chapter 248 Pulling Strings
	Jessica suddenly stopped while she was walking out.
	She turned to look at one of the policemen and muttered, “I want to make another call.”
	Impatiently, the officer glared at her. “How many calls have you made today? You really think someone’s going to save you? Quit dreaming and settle down. Clear your head and confess; that’s the only way to go, got it?”
	Jessica sneered coldly.
	She stepped suddenly to the side and smashed her head towards the wall.
	Startled, the two policemen reacted quickly and restrained her.
	“Have you gone nuts? What are you trying to do?”
	“I want my phone call!”
	They had no reply to that.
	Finally, one of the officers waved his hand.
	“Fine, fine, let her! She’s really lost it.”
	As she’d wanted, Jessica got her call.
	She clutched at the phone, her fingertips trembling.
	For privacy, she had the officers leave before making the call.
	On the other end, a gentle female voice picked up the line.
	“Hello, who is this?”
	“It’s me.”
	The receiver went silent for a while.
	Followed quickly by lilting laughter. “I thought you’d already been locked up, but you can still make calls? Not half bad.”
	Jessica scoffed. “You’ve got a hand in this as well. If I don’t get out of this, you can forget having a happy ending yourself.”
	“Oh, is that a threat?”
	“You said it’d be fine, but I ended up like this. As allies, shouldn’t you bail me out of this?”
	“Allies? What do you mean allies? I don’t understand what you’re talking about. Do you have any evidence that can prove I helped you with this, Jessica? I only chatted with you for a while and called you a few times. I didn’t do anything else. How could you frame me like this?”
	Hearing her lofty tone and how she almost seemed to relish in her misfortune, Jessica’s teeth clacked with audible rage.
	“You’re part of the Kawn family of Eqitin. Aren’t you afraid I’ll spill the beans on you? You’ll never be able to walk around freely again.”
	The woman on the other end simply sneered.
	“Everyone knows that I am a good little girl the Kawn family has always loved. Everyone knows that I’m not in good health and rarely get involved with outside affairs. As for you, you’re a lying, cheating mad dog who crawled her way up to the position and tried to do away with your sister. Who do you think they’ll believe between the two of us?”
	“You!”
	The woman continued, “Oh, and I forgot to tell you. I actually quite appreciate your sister. She saved my life a long time ago, but she doesn’t remember me. I think that people should know to repay their debts, so I gave her a bit of a hand and pulled some strings. Don’t be so resentful. If you didn’t have any ill intentions to begin with, you wouldn’t have been used by me. You should be grateful that nothing happened to Natalia, you know. Otherwise, you wouldn’t have had the opportunity to even make this call. All right, that’s all I have to say. Look out for yourself going forward.”
	With that, she hung up.
	Jessica’s anger swelled.
	She’d never thought they’d play her like this!
	Then she recalled those words from a few moments ago.
	A long time ago, Natalia had saved her life…
	Repay their debts… pull some strings…
	She jolted upright!
	A venomous snake seemed to crawl up her spine, chilling her back, sending shivers down her body.
	She understood!
	She understood it all now!
	From start to finish, it had all been Natalia’s trap.
	Everyone in there, even those bodyguards that Kawn had introduced, were probably all people that Natalia knew.
	Otherwise, she couldn’t have gotten pictures of that room!
	She’d been wondering how, despite having been injected with drugs, Natalia could take down four well-trained men and escape.
	Now she knew. The men hadn’t been taken down. They’d let her escape!
	Realizing the truth, Jessica felt an endless cold resound throughout her being.
	She hugged her arms to herself and slid slowly down the wall, trembling slightly, her teeth chattering.
	Outside, the two officers saw her state through the glass and jumped with shock. Thinking something had happened with her, they ran inside.
	Seeing that she was fine and just a little disturbed, they relaxed and escorted her back to the room.
	That night.
	Natalia was sleeping deeply when her phone beeped.
	She squinted, picked up her phone drowsily, and took a look.
	An unfamiliar number had sent her a text with only one simple sentence.
	“It’s been a long time, Seven.”
	Natalia froze.
	With a conscious jolt, she woke up fully.
	She held up her phone and looked at the number, but after she thought for a long while, she didn’t remember who it was.
	Her memory had always been good, and she was even more sensitive to numbers. To have no recollection of this number at all meant that it was someone who’d never contacted her before.
	Who was it?
	Next to her, Archie woke up from the commotion and reached out with his arm, hugging her. “What’s going on, dear?”
	Natalia’s face changed slightly and she shook her head.
	“It’s nothing.”
	She turned and looked down. Under the dim light, the man’s eyes were closed and he was clearly still sleepy.
	Natalia smiled and said, “I’m going to the bathroom.”
	She started rolling out of bed.
	Unexpectedly, Archie sat up too.
	“I’ll come with you.”
	Natalia chuckled.
	The bathroom was right there in the room, and not far to boot. This man…
	She pushed him back down.
	“Go back to sleep. I’ll be right back.”
	She didn’t give him a chance to respond and slinked away.
	Going into the bathroom, she locked the door, pulled out the text, and dialed the number on it.
	A dull drone came from the other end. The line was dead.
	Natalia paused.
	Only a few people knew her as Seven.
	And those people wouldn’t send her a message like this at such a time.
	Besides, she’d left them for years. Even K had wanted her to stay out of the recent internal affairs of the organization and stopped contacting her.
	Who was it?
	She had no answer. Outside, seeing that she wasn’t coming out, the man was calling for her already.
	“Are you ok?”
	Hastily, Natalia replied, “I’m fine. Coming out now.”
	She put away her phone, washed her hands, and opened the door. Turned out he was standing right outside.
	Natalia jumped. “What are you doing?”
	Archie shot her a sullen look.
	“I thought you’d fallen into the toilet and couldn’t get yourself out. So if you didn’t come out, I was getting ready to go in there and fish you out.”
	“…”
	This clingy idiot!
Chapter 249 She Wants the Truth
	The next day, Natalia received a call from Elsa.
	Jessica’s arrest was big news, so naturally, the Dawson family was aware of it.
	Even last night, they’d caught wind of the arrest even earlier than Shawn. They’d wanted to gauge the Miller family’s reaction at the time, so they’d held their horses for the moment.
	Then they found that the Millers weren’t just leaving Jessica in there, but when asked about it, they were even saying that Jessica deserved what she’d got with the crime she’d committed.
	With the Miller family caught up in the mess, the board of directors utterly shaken and the Kalaneige sponsorship they’d paid a fortune for lost to the wind, they were letting her off easy.
	It would be kind enough of them to let her go so easily, so why would they even think of some way to bail her out.
	Henry had even told them that if Jessica got out unscathed, that was fine, but if she really had committed a crime, the Miller family was definitely not going to protect her.
	By that point, Shawns’ marriage with her was out of the question. They needed a divorce.
	The Dawson family was outraged. Clara had even shattered her teapot out of rage and pointed at Henry, speechless.
	Finally, with the Miller family turning their backs on them, the Dawsons could only leave helplessly.
	They’d only just left the Miller household when they headed to Star Entertainment.
	Natalia had received Elsa’s call because the Dawsons were raising a ruckus there.
	Plenty of outside media had come, and with all the celebrities working at Star, this wouldn’t be good for the company or for other celebrities if it went on.
	So Elsa was forced to take a risk and call Natalia in secret, asking her for a plan.
	Natalia thought about it, then said, “Give her the phone.”
	Elsa’s eyes widened in shock.
	“Is that… all right? There’s so many reporters out there.”
	“It’s fine. Call her to the side. Remember, get her alone. If even one extra person is there, don’t give it to her.”
	Elsa thought about it and agreed.
	She called Clara to Natalia’s office alone, then locked the door and gave her the phone.
	“Take it!”
	Clara was astonished. She didn’t think they’d really put her in contact with Natalia. Looked like the ruckus worked.
	Thinking that Natalia was afraid of her, she took the phone and in thoroughly unpleasant tones, said, “Damn brat! You know fear after all, do you? I thought you’d have the guts to stay hidden.”
	Over the line, Natalia frowned.
	She really didn’t know why this old woman thought that she could still speak to her on such a pedestal after so much had happened.
	She scoffed.
	“Looks like you still haven’t considered who has the advantage here, taking such a tone… it’s a little uncomfortable to hear. How about we chat another time?”
	Clara blinked.
	Only then did she realize that it’d been difficult even getting this call today. She couldn’t let this chance slip.
	So she reined in her temper, refined her manners, and said, “Fine, we’ll leave those words. Talk! Why did you frame Jessica? And how would we get you to show your face? Don’t think I don’t know that you haven’t gone missing at all. You’ve just hidden yourself away to ruin my Jessica!”
	Natalia’s face fell, her gaze dimming.
	My Jessica?
	A long time ago, she’d been their Natalia too.
	Memories rushed in like a tide. She didn’t understand it. Clara and Philip had been so good to her before. Three generations of the family living together in contentment.
	Then Aleena and Jessica had shown up and everyone had changed.
	With her mother gone, she’d gone from the beloved granddaughter to the abandoned granddaughter.
	Tossed aside like a useless pawn, nobody would even look at her straight.
	But it didn’t matter now.
	Maybe she would have cared before and chased after the reason, but she understood now that some things happened for no reason.
	She didn’t care anymore.
	Thinking of that, she took a deep breath and growled, “If you want me to appear and clear Jessica’s name, it’s not impossible.”
	Clara held her breath and asked nervously, “What do you want?”
	“I want her and Aleena to confess the truth behind how they arranged my mother’s death!”
	“What?”
	Clara jumped.
	Her face changed. “What truth? I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
	“You’ll get it. If you ask them in person, for Jessica’s sake, I believe Aleena won’t hide anything from you. You’ve only got the one chance. You’d better take it.”
	With that, Natalia hung up.
	On the other end, Clara was still dazed.
	She hadn’t thought that Natalia would have wanted that, of all things.
	Faintly pale, cold sweat ran down her back.
	She knew!
	She knew everything!
	How could it be?
	They’d been so secretive back then. Everyone who knew was either dead or had left Julio. How could she have found out?
	Clara was stunned.
	Seeing her distraught look, Elsa didn’t know what Natalia had said to her to get her in such a state.
	But she didn’t ask about it. She simply sent them out and said, “Well, that’s enough of your ruckus. Mrs. McCarthy really isn’t here. If you keep making trouble here, I’m really going to call security, so please hurry up and leave! Don’t keep this farce going until it gets ugly. It won’t look good on any of you.”
	Philip didn’t think much of Natalia, so he naturally didn’t think much of Elsa, who worked for Natalia, either.
	He was about to retort when Clara stopped him.
	Seeing something was off, Aleena whispered, “What’s wrong, mom?”
	“Nothing.”
	Clara shook her head, looked at the media outside, and said mildly, “Let’s go back. We’ll discuss things back home.”
	With that, they finally left.
	Elsa waited until she was sure that the group had really left before calling Natalia.
	Natalia simply told her not to worry, then gave her some more orders concerning the company and cut off communication.
	The Dawson household.
	The atmosphere inside the living room was unnaturally still. Everyone sat there without speaking.
	Clara had already gone over the phone call and Natalia’s request.
	That was the cause of this eerie silence.
	Philip sat there, face tight, eyes like a bloodthirsty wolf, gleaming with a cold, cruel light.
	Aleena clenched her fingers and said, voice trembling, “We can’t give up on Jessica no matter what. If she really goes to prison, her life is ruined. I can’t sit by and let that happen.”
Chapter 250 Surprise Attack
	Her voice was pitiful. Philip, exasperated, snapped, “You’re not seriously thinking of going and telling her the truth about what happened five years ago?”
	Clara chimed in, “Natalia’s saying that much, but I’ve thought it over. If she’s fine, she can’t hide forever. She’s just trying to get one over on us right now, and might not know everything. So long as we hold fast, she can’t do anything about us. As for Jessica, I’ll send people to take care of it. She’ll have to put up with it for a while. Still, with her special identity, she shouldn’t suffer too much. As long as she can hold under pressure and doesn’t admit to anything, we should be fine.”
	Hearing that, Aleena couldn’t believe it.
	“That’s a huge ‘should’, Mom! That means that it’s possible for her to crack and admit to the crime! Jessica’s never been through hardship growing up; how could she stay in a place like that?”
	Clara looked at her impatiently.
	“Didn’t I say I’m sending people over to take care of it? She made this mess herself, so it’s good for her to stew a bit right now. That way she’ll remember not to go out and cause trouble again someday!”
	She grunted with displeasure.
	Aleena didn’t have a reply for that.
	After a while, she tried, “Didn’t you say last time that over at Eqitin…”
	Clara frowned.
	“I’m already in contact with that side. I’ll hear back in a few days. Don’t tell Jessica for now, just in case she causes some more trouble if she can’t hold it in. Don’t worry. If my contacts are secure, nothing will happen to Jessica. By then, if the Millers come up and ask us to be family again, we’ll be having none of it.”
	Aleena relaxed a little and nodded.
	“All right. Your call, Mom.”
	*****
	Meanwhile, Natalia couldn’t have imagined that she’d meet someone who should never have appeared on Fortuna Island.
	Selena ran right into her the moment she arrived at the hotel.
	She was wearing a simple white shirt with straight trousers underneath. With her hair in a ponytail, she looked fresh and energetic.
	Seeing Natalia, she seemed surprised as well.
	“I didn’t think I’d see you here, Mrs. McCarthy.”
	Natalia smiled slightly. “I think it’s quite a coincidence too, Miss Kawn.”
	Selena’s eyes lit up.
	“All that drama outside over your disappearance and your kidnapping – I’d thought it was true, but now it seems like…”
	She didn’t finish the sentence, but her meaning was obvious.
	Natalia’s head was starting to hurt.
	Sometimes life just gave you a surprise attack out of nowhere.
	She calmed herself and beamed at her.
	“Are you here to look for Grandma, Miss Kawn?”
	Some things weren’t worth hiding if they’d been revealed already.
	But she wasn’t in the mood to deliberately explain things to Selena.
	Still, Selena was smart enough to not ask too many questions. She simply chuckled, “Yes, I heard that Old Mrs. McCarthy is here, so I’d come to find her. I didn’t think I’d meet you.”
	“Grandma is still in her room. Need me to bring you over?”
	“No need to trouble yourself, Mrs. McCarthy. I can head to the front desk and ask them myself. If you’re going out, I won’t trouble you.”
	Natalia nodded and didn’t stay to chat. She turned around and left.
	Selena looked at her receding back and grinned, a bit of playfulness flashing through her eyes.
	Ariana couldn’t have imagined that Selena would come to the island at a time like this.
	She’d bought up this island for a while now, and pretty much everyone at home knew about it. But they were normally busy, and not many people would visit this small island. Even if they did, they’d tell her beforehand, so she hadn’t paid attention.
	She didn’t think that that small lapse would put such a damper on Natalia’s plans.
	Ariana was tremendously guilty, but Selena acted like she hadn’t seen anything.
	The moment she saw her, she said happily, “I was just filming nearby and decided to stop here on the way since you were here. You won’t blame me for not notifying you, right?”
	Ariana gave a small smile.
	“How could I? I’m happy you’re here; of course I wouldn’t blame you.”
	She said that, but her face looked a bit strange.
	Selena pretended like she hadn’t noticed. Going over to Anne, she took out the gifts she’d lovingly prepared beforehand and played around with Anne.
	Anne had just woken up after napping with Ariana and remembered that Natalia had promised to teach her how to swim in the afternoon.
	But she was nowhere to be seen, so Anne was in a panic. She saw Selena, but she didn’t have the patience to deal with her.
	The girl took the gifts, said a casual thanks, put her shoes on and jogged outside.
	Ariana was worried and ran out after her.
	“Where are you going, Anne?”
	“I’m going to find Mommy. Mommy promised to swim with me.”
	Ariana stopped her hurriedly.
	“Be a good girl, Anne. Your Mommy left because she’s got things to do. How about having her teach you to swim after she gets back?”
	Anne’s eyes reddened with frustration right away.
	“I don’t want to wait. Mommy promised me when she tucked me in. She said I would see her if I woke up and I could go swimming with her. Mommy wouldn’t lie!”
	Ariana looked at the state the child was in and couldn’t really say anything at the moment.
	Natalia had promised to take her swimming when she woke up.
	But she’d slept lightly today, and with Selena coming over, she’d gotten up half an hour early.
	With the way things went normally, it’d normally have taken her until two thirty to wake up. By that time, Natalia would probably be done with business and back here already.
	Ariana didn’t have an explanation.
	Seeing that, Selena crouched and looked at Anne gently.
	“Mrs. McCarthy is busy with something else right now, Anne. How about your auntie Selena teach you how to swim instead?”
	For all these years, Archie hadn’t had too many women around him. First off, he didn’t have too much interest in such matters. Also, Anne had a peculiar personality and she seemed to hate the women who appeared around him.
	Selena was an exception.
	It wasn’t that Anne really liked her, but at least she didn’t push her away and treat her like an enemy the way she did other women.
	So she’d always thought that she held a special place in Anne’s heart.
	Besides, since Ariana had tried to match Selena with Archie before, she’d had quite a lot of time to develop a bond with Anne.
	Which made Selena even more confident that Anne liked her.
	However, this time, Anne was looking at her with some contempt.
	“I don’t want Miss Kawn. You don’t look as good as Mommy, you don’t look as patient as Mommy, and most importantly, you’re not as pretty as Mommy! I don’t want you to teach me, I just want my Mommy!”
	“…”
Chapter 251 So Embarrassing
	The atmosphere was awkward.
	The old lady quickly pulled Anne over and smiled awkwardly.
	"She just likes to tell jokes! Haha, Selena, don't take it to heart. She is just a kid!"
	Huh...
	Indeed, it was a kid, but a kid's words were always sincere.
	Selena was angry, because she also knew that.
	As a model, she had always maintained a thin figure. Although she was not as well proportioned as Natalia, at least she was not ugly!
	What's more, it was widely acknowledged that she was not famous for her face and figure. Although her features were not particularly outstanding, when they were combined together, they could make a special sense of coordination, which made her look more elegant.
	Therefore, she had a famous nickname in the entertainment circle, the Snow White.
	The reason why she was called Snow White was not that she really looked like her. It was just that her skin was particularly fair, and because of her thin figure and excellent temperament, she looked aloof and proud, just like the princess standing out from the crowd.
	However, in Anne's eyes, she was not as beautiful as Natalia!
	Selena almost sneered, but considering the occasion, she controlled herself well.
	It was just a child. Children's liking was different from adults'.
	Children also liked Barbie dolls with blonde hair and big breasts! So should she also compete with a Barbie doll?
	Selena felt much better after comforting herself like this.
	She didn't mention teaching Anne swimming at all, but changed the topic. "Speaking of which, there is a rumor that Miss Dawson was kidnapped and no one knows where she is. But I saw she was safe just now. Is the rumor on the internet fake?"
	The old lady looked at her and didn't know how to explain it.
	"It's a long story. I can tell you, but you have to promise me that you won't tell anyone else that Natalia is here. Can you promise me?"
	Selena nodded.
	Therefore, the old lady told her the whole story.
	The old lady chose to tell Selena that, because since Selena had come here, and even if she did not tell Selena, Selena could guess by herself.
	It was better to tell her directly than let her guess wildly.
	Even just for the sake of the friendship between the two families, she didn't dare to tell this to anyone else.
	After listening to the old lady's narration, Selena kept silent for a long time.
	The old lady was still a little worried, fearing that in Selena's eyes, Natalia would become a vicious woman who was so scheming.
	So she explained in a hurry, "Natalia had no choice. Her mother died because of a scheming plan. She loves her mother so much, but there is no other way to verify it, so she can only come up with this idea. Don't try to disturb her plan."
	Selena smiled gently.
	"Don't worry. I've never heard of this matter. It's none of my business. I won't tell anyone else."
	The old lady nodded in relief.
	Since Selena was here, she wouldn't leave so soon.
	In fact, Archie was a little dissatisfied with her coming.
	But he didn't show it under Natalia's persuasion.
	They had dinner together. Anne had been sitting next to Natalia and attached herself to Natalia.
	The little girl seemed to like Natalia much.
	The old lady and Archie had already been used to it. They didn't think it was something strange, but Selena was surprised.
	Speaking of the matter that Anne didn't want to swim with her, she thought Anne hadn't seen her for a period of time so Anne was unfamiliar with her. Since Natalia had been with Anne these days, it was normal for the child to trust Natalia more.
	But now it seemed that Anne had completely trusted Natalia.
	Moreover, Anne even liked Natalia more than Archie.
	It was impossible!
	Selena lowered her head slightly, with a gleam flashing in her eyes.
	Then she looked at Archie next to Natalia and found that he was also so considerate to Natalia.
	She had never seen Archie's such gentle eyes and tone before. Even when they were together before, he seemed to be indifferent to her and never took the initiative to care about anything of her.
	Selena's heart ached and she began to have a mixed feeling.
	All of a sudden, she felt that she was like an embarrassed outsider sitting here and watching the family chatting happily.
	So miserable and embarrassed.
	She pursed her lips and pulled a long face, but she didn't show it.
	After dinner and a short rest, the old lady took Anne to take a shower. Archie went to have a video meeting, and Natalia stood on the balcony in the wind.
	Selena finally encouraged herself and walked to Natalia.
	"Miss Dawson.”
	Natalia turned around and saw her. Then she smiled.
	"Miss Kawn, do you also come here to take a fresh breath?"
	"Well, it's a little stuffy in the room. I just come out and stand for a while."
	Natalia hinted to her to be free and moved aside.
	Selena walked up to Natalia and leaned against the white railing like Natalia.
	"This afternoon, Mrs. McCarthy told me something about you, so I finally understand why you hide on this island and don't want anyone to find you. But don't worry. I have promised Mrs. McCarthy that I won't tell anyone."
	There was no expression on Natalia's face. She was still lazy and cozy, without any gratitude or panic.
	"Thank you, Miss Kawn."
	Selena was stunned.
	In the face of Natalia's calmness, she always felt powerless as if her fists were hitting a sponge.
	She had been well-educated since she was a child, so she couldn't say something sharp straightforwardly. But the depression in her heart was real, and she couldn't ignore it.
	"But do you know that if someone finds you here, it will be a problem? At that time, you will also get Archie implicated."
	Natalia raised her eyebrows.
	It seemed that she was a little surprised.
	Selena pursed her lips.
	"I know I might have said something inappropriate, but as a friend, I don't want Archie to be involved in such a matter.”
	"I know you are smart, Miss Dawson. You may be confident to lure the enemies, since you have made such a plan. But you still don't know something. Although the McCarthy family seems to be prosperous in Eqitin, it is of a too high position, and is liable to be attacked.”
	"The four great families in Eqitin, the McCarthy, the Bissel, the Kawn and the Nixon, seem to be harmonious on the surface, but the outsiders don't know that the inner intrigues and the internal struggles for interests have never stopped.”
	"In particular, the Bissel family has developed fast in the past few years, and it seems to have a tendency to surpass the McCarthy family. One must ride behind if two men ride on one horse. On the surface, the four great families seem to be on an equal footing, but in fact, they have always been taking the McCarthy family as the leader.”
	"If the Bissel family wants to be the leader, they must defeat the McCarthy family first. Archie is the key point for them to make a breakthrough, so Archie can't be involved in any trouble."
	Natalia looked at her calmly without stopping or interrupting.
Chapter 252 What Are You Thinking?
	Selena's gentle face showed a worried look.
	"Maybe you are confident in your plan, but it is not absolutely safe. I am worried that once someone finds you here, they will accuse you of having dirty deals with the government.”
	"The McCarthy family is in the high position. Although Archie has great power, he is being watched. Public opinion is terrible. Sometimes, the words of someone who doesn't know the truth will become a sharp sword being used by some enemies. Maybe it can hurt the McCarthy family if you don't pay attention to it.”
	Natalia was silent for a while.
	She lowered her eyes slightly and thought for a while. Suddenly, she said, "Miss Kawn, it seems that you care so much about the McCarthy family, isn't it?"
	Selena was stunned.
	She couldn't follow Natalia.
	After a while, she came to her senses, with an unnatural expression on her face.
	"I grew up together with Archie. Mrs. McCarthy and Aunt Faye also treat me so kindly. Of course I don't want anything to happen to the McCarthy family."
	Natalia nodded.
	She thought for several seconds and suddenly asked, "I heard that you were engaged before? It seems that... There was an old love, right?"
	Selena blushed at the mention of this.
	She was not stunning, but was still good-looking. With her fair skin, when she blushed and lowered her head slightly, she was somehow charming.
	Selena said in a low voice, "Yes."
	After a pause, she explained in a hurry, "But don't misunderstand it. Although Archie and I are in a good relationship at that time, it was a matter of childhood. I broke up with Archie five years ago. There also shouldn't be anything between us in the future."
	Natalia nodded.
	"Okay, I know."
	Selena was stiff again.
	Taking a look at the sky, Natalia sensed that it was getting late. She said, "I'm going in. Miss Kawn, do you want to go in with me, or stay here?"
	Selena forced a smile and said, "I'll just stay here a little longer."
	"Okay. The night wind at the seaside is chilly. Miss Kawn, take care of yourself. Don't stay in the wind too long."
	"I know. Thank you for your concern, Miss Dawson."
	Without saying anything else, Natalia stood up and left.
	Soon, the news that the two of them met in private was known by Archie.
	At that time, Natalia just finished her shower and came out of the bathroom. She saw the man coming in with a serious face.
	She was confused, "What's wrong?"
	"Did Selena come to you?"
	Natalia got his meaning and couldn't help laughing. "Yes, why are you so nervous?"
	"What did she say to you?"
	Natalia rolled her eyes.
	Looking at the man's nervous expression, she suddenly wanted to make fun of him.
	She said after a pause, "She said you were her ex-boyfriend. You two used to be in a good relationship. Although you broke up, there should still be a chance for her in the future."
	Archie was speechless.
	Natalia sighed.
	"Hey! Do you think I have stolen a boyfriend from her?"
	Archie said with a sullen face, "Nonsense! I have no special relationship with her. I have never dated her. It's just the wishful thinking of the elders in our families."
	Natalia clicked her tongue and shook her head. "Archie, as a man, you should be responsible. She has admitted that you were her boyfriend, but you said that you have never dated her. Do you know you look like an irresponsible man now?"
	Then she patted him on the shoulder generously.
	"Don't worry. I'm a generous woman. I won't haggle with you over what happened five years ago. So you'd better confess it to me."
	Archie almost laughed out because of anger.
	"I said we have no special relationship. Don't try to change the topic. Besides that, what else did Selena say to you?"
	Natalia's face froze.
	She smiled awkwardly, "Nothing else. It's just a trifle between women."
	"Are you sure?"
	Natalia looked a little uneasy.
	To be honest, although she had planned everything well this time, she didn't take the McCarthy family into account.
	Although she had been with Archie for a long time, she always wanted to keep herself away from the matters in Eqitin intentionally or unintentionally.
	As if aware of her meaning, Archie didn't talk much about those matters in front of her, so she didn't know much about the McCarthy family in Eqitin.
	Therefore, at some moments, she didn't even consider something about the McCarthy family.
	This time, she had to admit that she was negligent.
	Natalia felt a little guilty. If Archie was really involved this time, she would definitely regret it.
	After all, revenge was important, but the safety of the people around her was more important.
	Sensing her thoughts, Archie sighed.
	He held her hand and said in a deep voice, "Don't listen to her and don't think too much. I'm your husband. Definitely I can handle this matter. You know I always have the power to protect you.”
	Natalia was slightly stunned and raised her head.
	In the light, the man looked calm, but his eyes were very serious.
	"I allow you to do what you want in your own way, but it is on the premise that you don't hide it from me, and don't change any decision because you are afraid of implicating me."
	"But the McCarthy family..."
	"The McCarthy family will be fine."
	"Selena said that someone wants to attack the McCarthy family. What if something happens to the McCarthy family this time?"
	Archie smiled coldly.
	There was a cold light in his gentle and calm eyes.
	"Why do you always look down upon your husband? There would no longer be the McCarthy family if I couldn't handle such a little case!”
	Then he touched her head to comfort her.
	"Don't worry. Everything will be fine because I am here. Just do what you want to do."
	Natalia looked at him and nodded after a while.
	"Thank you, Archie."
	The man smiled evilly.
	"Do you want to thank me in another way?"
	Natalia knew what he wanted from his eyes.
	She glared at him, "Don't even think about it! Grandma and Anne are both here. They may come over at any time. What if they run into it..."
	Archie showed an expression of grievance.
	"Honey, I just want a kiss. What are you thinking about? Are you thinking..."
	Natalia was speechless.
	Only then did she realize that she was fooled by this man again.
	She was ashamed and angry. She raised her fist to hit him.
	"Archie, you b*stard!"
	…
	At three o'clock the next morning.
	Jessica, who was sleeping in the police station, was suddenly woken up by a noise.
	She opened her blurry eyes and saw a figure quickly walking out of the room. The tightly closed door was open now, and there were a mobile phone and a key beside her bed.
	She suddenly came to her senses and completely woke up.
	It was silent outside, as if there was no one. She hesitated for a few seconds, picked up the phone and key, and walked out.
	There was really no one in the corridor or outside except a security guard on duty who was dozing off in the security room.
	She was so scared that she broke out in a cold sweat. But after hesitating for a moment, she quickly ran out with the phone and key.
Chapter 253 She Was Missing
	The night wind sent a few broken leaves on the ground to the air. The leaves swirled in the air and then fell.
	The guard in the security room woke up because of the chilly wind.
	He looked ahead with his sleepy eyes and vaguely saw a shadow flashing, but when he blinked again, he found it disappeared.
	Was it an illusion?
	He stood up, rubbed his eyes and looked around. After making sure that there was nothing wrong, he sat down again with relief.
	Jessica didn't dare to stop. She was afraid that the people behind her would rush out to chase her.
	She didn't stop until she ran to the broad road outside.
	She stood there, holding her knees. It was not until now that she had time to think about the person who helped her out.
	If she didn't see it wrong, a figure had walked out when she woke up.
	No doubt, the key, the phone and opening door were all the person's help.
	Who was the person?
	Why did the person do that?
	Did he, or she, know her?
	Standing there, Jessica suddenly remembered that she had just run away from the police station. Did it mean that she had broken the prison?
	Maybe it didn't. She was not convicted, but temporarily detained.
	But she still felt nervous.
	After all, Clara had just told her to stay in the police station and they would find a way to save her.
	But she ran out just now. No matter what, it would be difficult to make an explanation.
	Finally, Jessica began to feel scared. Just now, she just ran out of instinct. Now she realized that even if it didn't mean that she had really broken the prison, it was no different from breaking it!
	What should she do?
	Got back?
	No, No.
	She couldn't explain it if she went back.
	She closed her eyes for a while, only to feel the cold wind blowing her temples with throbbing pain, and her mind was more like a mess, unable to figure out a clue.
	Just then, her phone rang.
	She was stunned. She picked up the phone and saw a message.
	Her heart skipped a beat, and her fingertips trembled slightly. She clicked on it.
	It was a photo of a woman by the sea. In the photo, the woman in a long beach dress was smiling in the sunshine.
	On the back of the photo, there was an address, which was the address of Fortuna Island.
	Jessica's eyes widened in shock.
	Natalia? She was on the island?
	No wonder she had searched every corner of Julio, but she still couldn't find Natalia out.
	It turned out that Natalia had already left Julio!
	This damn b*tch!
	Jessica gritted her teeth in anger. But then she realized a question. Who sent the message?
	The sender ID was an email address. If the sender intended to hide the real identity, it should be impossible to find her, or him, only by this address.
	She frowned.
	But no matter who sent this photo to her, it should not be to harm her.
	After all, everyone knew how important to her now the whereabouts of Natalia was!
	Thinking of this, Jessica sneered.
	Natalia, just wait and see!
	Since Natalia wanted to frame her, she had to find Natalia out herself. Then just see how Natalia would explain that to the media and the netizens!
	That night, Jessica bought a ticket from the black market to Fortuna Island, planning to find Natalia there.
	She didn't dare to tell anyone about it yet.
	On the one hand, the plan was somehow dirty. On the other hand, she had learned a lesson from history. She was afraid that she would make a mistake before she really caught Natalia.
	Therefore, before leaving, she only sent a message to Aleena and didn't tell anyone else.
	…
	This day, when Natalia was teaching Anne to make clay figurines, she received a call from Elsa.
	Elsa said that Aleena went to Star Entertainment to make a scene.
	Natalia sighed helplessly and asked Aleena to answer the phone.
	Unexpectedly, as soon as the phone was connected, Aleena suddenly cursed her.
	Natalia frowned and impatiently hung up the phone.
	She gave them the chance to talk to her in a safe and quiet situation, but that didn't mean that she was willing to hear those meaningless and dirty curses.
	Anne looked at her curiously, since she found that Natalia had hung up the phone not so long after receiving it.
	"Mommy, are you angry? Did someone annoy you?"
	Natalia smiled at her.
	"No, there are always some cockroaches and bugs in the world. We don't like them, but we can't stop them from growing. It's okay. Just ignore them."
	Anne nodded thoughtfully.
	Then, she said seriously, "Anne doesn't like cockroaches and bugs, either. But Mommy, don't be afraid. Anne has grown up. Next time you meet them, Anne will kill them for you!"
	Looking at the serious look on the child's face, Natalia couldn't help chuckling.
	"Well, my Anne is so considerate. Come on, let's continue to make clay figurines!"
	"Okay."
	Half an hour later, a simple clay figurine was completed. Anne was a little tired, so Natalia took her to wash her hands and send her back to her room to rest.
	When Natalia came out, she received Elsa's call.
	"What's the situation?"
	Elsa said in a nervous tone.
	"Natalia, Jessica … is missing."
	Natalia was stunned and raised her eyebrows.
	"What do you mean?"
	"She disappeared the night before yesterday. We have been looking her for a long time, but still couldn't find her. And Aleena insisted that it was you who took her away. She also showed me the message Jessica sent to her before Jessica left. The message said that Jessica has known your whereabouts and she is going to find you."
	Natalia frowned slightly.
	"Is there an address on the message?"
	"No. But it's very strange. Since she disappeared from the police station, the police should also be responsible, so they didn't dare to make it big.”
	"The media outside haven't known about it yet. The police hide it well. Aleena has searched everywhere but also can't find her, so she came to the company and asked you to set Jessica free!"
	Natalia sneered.
	"Does she think her daughter is made of gold? Why do I have to hide her? Tell her directly that I haven't seen Jessica or contacted her these days.”
	"Besides, tell her that there is no much time for her. If she has made up her mind about what I told her before, just contact me. If not, don't talk to her next time when she comes to make trouble."
	Elsa nodded, "Okay, I see."
	After hanging up the phone, Natalia frowned and thought for a while. Then she turned on the computer to look for the news.
	As Elsa had said, the news that Jessica had escaped didn't spread on the Internet.
	Clara had already taken some people to Star Entertainment to make a scene, so even if Aleena went to make trouble again this time, it wouldn't affect the overall situation.
	But to Natalia's surprise, Jessica said that she had known where she was and was going to catch her?
	It was so weird.
	Sitting there, Natalia thought quietly for a long time, but she still couldn't come up with an idea.
	Suddenly, there were several slight knocks on the door behind her.
Chapter 254 Be Trapped On A Ship
	Selena stood at the door, with a small suitcase beside her. When Natalia turned around, she smiled and said, "Miss Dawson, did I disturb you?"
	Natalia calmed down and walked over.
	"No."
	She looked at the suitcase beside Selena and asked in surprise, "Why are you leaving so soon?"
	"Well, I just took several advertising photos for the endorsement products nearby. And I just came here because Old Mrs. McCarthy is here. I am not really here for a vacation or something. I can't ask for too much leave, so I have to go back today."
	Natalia nodded.
	"Then let me see you out."
	Selena shook her head and smiled, "No, thanks. I just want to say goodbye to you. My assistant is already here. She is waiting for me downstairs. I can go downstairs myself."
	Natalia didn't know her meaning. Maybe she was just too polite, or she had a good intention that she didn't want her assistant to see Natalia.
	So Natalia didn't insist. She nodded.
	"Be careful on the way."
	"Thanks."
	After Selena left, Natalia went back to the question again.
	Since Jessica could escape and even send such a message to Aleena, she must have got some information.
	Who told her the information?
	Selena？
	No, it was unreasonable.
	After all, except for the members of the McCarthy family, Selena was the only one who knew that she was on Fortuna Island.
	If this news was leaked out, Selena would be the most possible suspect. She wouldn't do that even for the sake of her image in the eyes of the old lady and Archie.
	Then who was it?
	Besides, Jessica had already known that she was in Fortuna Island, and it would only take her a few hours to come here from Julio.
	Why hadn't Jessica arrived yet? Or even she disappeared for no reason!
	What was going on?
	Natalia felt that the truth was hidden in the mist. Her mind was in a mess and she couldn't figure it out.
	Fortunately, nothing else had happened except for Jessica's missing.
	The only way now was to wait and see what would happen next.
	Thinking of this, Natalia didn't think too much and went out to look for Anne.
	On the other side.
	In the cold and wet cabin, Jessica woke up in a daze.
	Her head was still a little dizzy, and she felt it hard to open her eyes. When she finally opened her eyes a little, she only saw darkness around her.
	Not far away, a ray of light came in from the outside, and a figure was faintly shaking.
	What was this place?
	She couldn't remember it clearly. She just remembered that she had boarded the ship. Because she was too hungry, she ate some food prepared on the ship and then seemed to fall asleep.
	Then...
	Jessica frowned and tried to remember what had happened next.
	She tried to remember, and finally some scenes flashed over in her memory. It seemed that she had been moved several times when she was in a daze, and then she was finally locked in a dark room.
	D*mn it!
	Jessica woke up in an instant and jumped up almost subconsciously.
	It was dark around. There was a slightly open door in front of her, which let some lights in.
	Her hands were tied behind her back, and her feet were also tied. Under her body was a wooden floor, emitting a salty tide. There was a wind roaring in her ears, as if she was on a ship.
	On the ship?
	Jessica's heart skipped a beat at the thought. Her wrist pained because of the rope.
	She frowned and tried to get rid of it, but failed. Instead, the pain from her wrist grew even worse.
	Her heart sank slightly. She pursed her lips and tried hard to move towards the door. With the light, she saw the figure outside through the crack of the door.
	The back... It was so familiar!
	She seemed to have met this figure somewhere before.
	In the moonlight, the figure turned around and walked towards her.
	The woman was wearing light blue casual clothes and a silver mask, so it was hard to see her face clearly.
	But it could be seen that she was tall and had a good figure, neither too fat nor too thin. When she walked, she would unconsciously raise her head and chest, and her steps were decisive and agile. She should not be an ordinary person.
	Jessica's face turned a little pale. Noticing that the woman was walking towards her room, she quickly went back to the place where she had sat when she had woken up.
	The cabin door creaked open.
	The woman stood at the door and was surprised to see her awake.
	"I thought you wouldn't wake up until tomorrow morning with such a heavy dose. It seems that you are in a really good health."
	Her voice was crisp and a little cold. It seemed to be a young woman
	Jessica suppressed her fear and asked in a trembling voice, "Who are you?"
	"Do you think I will tell you?"
	Jessica was stunned.
	The woman walked around Jessica for several circles and said, "Don't worry. I won't do anything to you. I just want you to stay here for a period of time. Naturally, someone will bring you food and drinks every day. I won't treat you shabbily.”
	"When the time comes, I will let you go. So I hope you can behave well and don't try to escape these days. Otherwise, I can't promise nothing will happen. Do you understand?"
	Jessica was furious.
	She had run out to catch Natalia, but now she was kidnapped by this woman!
	She suddenly remembered something and looked at the woman.
	"Was it you who gave me the phone and sent me the message?"
	She thought the woman would deny it, but unexpectedly, the woman nodded.
	"I sent it to you."
	Jessica's eyes widened.
	"You lied to me?"
	"I didn't lie to you. Natalia is indeed in Fortuna Island, but I can't let you go to her now, because I need you to do something more important."
	Jessica was confused.
	"What do you want me to do?"
	"I just told you. Stay here for some days. Don't worry. I won't hurt you."
	"You have tied me up. You have hurt me like that!"
	"I am just afraid that you might run. I have no choice."
	The woman said and suddenly sighed.
	"In fact, I don't want to do that, but I have no other choice. You already have so many family members who love you so much. You shouldn't be so greedy and even want more.”
	"But I can understand. People always want more. You even want to have a try to get something that doesn't belong to you, right?”
	"So I won't blame you. I tied you up this time just because I don't want you to do something disgusting!”
	"You just need to stay here for three days. Three days later, you can go wherever you want to go. I won't stop you.”
	"Besides, in order to make up for your loss, I will help you find the person you want to find after that. In this way, we will help each other and won't owe each other."
	Jessica was so furious.
	What did this woman mean by saying that they would help each other and wouldn't owe each other?
	The reason why she didn't contact anyone and directly came to Fortuna Island by the ship that night was that she wanted to catch Natalia by surprise.
	But now she was going to be trapped here for three days!
Chapter 255 Mysterious Stranger
	Three days later, Natalia would already receive the news and made a plan.
	At that time, even if she took Natalia back, it would be useless.
	It would be too late for Jessica to do anything at that time.
	Jessica was going crazy.
	However, no matter how hard she tried, it was useless. The woman insisted that she must stay here and couldn't go anywhere.
	Three days later, she would let Jessica go.
	Jessica gradually calmed down after trying so many times.
	She looked at the girl in front of her, recalling what might happen in the future three days. Suddenly, something came to her mind, and her eyes turned bright.
	"Are you from the Kawn family?"
	Sure enough, the girl in front of her turned stiff for a moment.
	Then the girl shouted in a cold voice.
	"Nonsense! I have nothing to do with the Kawn family."
	"You must be. If you are not a member of the Kawn family, why do you insist on locking me here for three days? Are you Selena Kawn?"
	The girl snorted disdainfully.
	"Selena? It's funny. She is just a b*stard who has been abandoned. How can she be compared with me?”
	"Just stop playing tricks. I won't tell you who I am. Well, I have something else to do, so I won't talk to you. I'm leaving."
	Then she turned around and left.
	Jessica got anxious.
	"Don't go. Let go of me first! It's illegal imprisonment! Do you know the consequence? I will sue you."
	The girl stopped at the door and snorted disdainfully.
	"You also know this is illegal imprisonment, huh? When you imprisoned someone a few days ago, I didn't hear you speaking like this."
	Jessica was speechless.
	The girl finally left.
	Jessica sat there dejectedly, feeling that her head was about to explode. An invisible sense of pressure swept over her body, and she was about to go crazy.
	After a long time, she gradually calmed down.
	She leaned against the wall and took a few deep breaths.
	No, she couldn't give up.
	There was still hope.
	It seemed that the girl didn't want to kill her. As long as she was alive, she would definitely find a way to escape.
	Natalia, just wait and see!
	As long as she escaped, she would find Natalia out from that island and catch Natalia with her own hands!
	On the other side.
	Aleena hadn't found Jessica for two days. She was also going to be crazy.
	Not only her, but also the whole Dawson family was anxious.
	The person from Eqitin who had reached an agreement with them had already been on the way and they would arrive in the afternoon.
	They would arrive in a few hours, but Jessica was still missing.
	Definitely they were anxious.
	Clara said angrily, "I'll ask that evil girl again. No matter what, she has to put aside their business first. The matter here is the most important. If she still refuses to tell me, I'll directly announce to the media that she has secretly imprisoned Jessica. Let's see how she will deal with it!"
	Aleena looked embarrassed.
	"But every time she asked us to answer the phone, she would ask her assistant to take us to an isolated office and hang up quickly after she finished speaking. We have no evidence to prove it."
	Philip frowned.
	"How about we tell this directly to those people from Eqitin?"
	"No way!" Clara refused without hesitation. "Because of what happened before, they were already dissatisfied with Jessica. If they know this matter again, even if Jessica goes back in the future, it will be difficult for her to live in that family. We can't let this happen."
	"Then what should we do? They are coming! We have no time to think about more."
	Clara sighed.
	"Let's make a phone call first! If she refuses again, I will agree to her request for the moment. She needs to listen to the truth, so she has to present in person. We can do something at that time."
	The members of the Dawson family also knew that this was the only way, so they nodded.
	At noon that day, Natalia received a call from Elsa again.
	She was a little surprised to hear Elsa say that the Dawson family agreed to her request.
	It was really unexpected that they changed their mind so quickly.
	But thinking of Aleena's exasperated tone yesterday, she understood the reason after thinking for a while.
	It must be a stalling tactic.
	With a smile, Natalia didn't debunk their trick. She held her phone and said, "Tell me! How did my mother die five years ago? Which of you were involved?"
	Clara took a deep breath.
	"It's important, so I can't say much on the phone. How can I know if you have recorded our conversation or not? How about you come out and we talk face to face?"
	Natalia smiled.
	"Mrs. Dawson, this suggestion is not good at all. If you want to provoke me to show up, in order to save Jessica, then I'm sorry. It's not because I don't want to do that, but because I really don't know where Jessica is.”
	"Believe it or not. It's none of my business, but I've told you the truth. You can decide what to do next!”
	"Well, since you are not sincere enough, don't waste my time anymore. I have a lot of things to do. Goodbye."
	Then she hung up the phone.
	Clara's face turned livid with anger as she looked at the phone that had been hung up so quickly.
	As soon as she walked out, Aleena rushed forward in a hurry and asked, "Mom, how is it going? What did she say?"
	Clara glared at her.
	"What else could she say? This b*tch! She will regret it in the future. When I find out where she is, I will definitely..."
	Elsa rolled her eyes and sneered beside them.
	"They are both your grandchildren. Watch your language. You are so anxious when one of them disappears, but you even didn't make any effort when the other disappeared before. I'm wondering who is really a b*tch!”
	Philip couldn't stand it anymore.
	"What did you say? If you dare to speak it again, I will slap you on your mouth!"
	Elsa's face turned cold. "Really? You can have a try. This is Star Entertainment, not your Dawson's Group. See if you can slap me on my mouth!"
	"You!"
	"Enough!"
	Clara stopped him. She gave Elsa a cold look and said in a low voice, "Don't waste time on such a lackey. Let's go!"
	Aleena was still not reconciled.
	"Mom, didn't she tell you where Jessica is? What can we do if we go back now? Those people will come this afternoon..."
	"Let's talk about it later after we go back."
	Clara returned with nothing again.
	After hearing Elsa's report, Natalia felt that the thing was getting more and more strange.
	Judging from their reaction, it was certain that Jessica was missing!
	Since Jessica wanted to find her out, she must have disappeared on the way to Fortuna Island. Where did she go?
	After thinking for a long time, Natalia stood up and went to Archie's study room.
	Archie was busy with his business at the moment, so Natalia didn't disturb him. She went straight to a low shelf beside the bookshelf and found a detailed map book.
Chapter 256 Fraught with Deception
	Out of the corner of Archie's eye, he saw Natalia's move. Raising his eyebrows slightly, he stopped the video meeting and asked Natalia, "What are you doing?"
	Natalia glanced at him and said, "Oh, nothing. I'm just looking for something."
	Then she pursed her lips. After thinking for a few seconds, she finally told him that Jessica was missing.
	Archie also felt this matter was so strange.
	He wasn't worried about Jessica. He just felt that it was weird and that it was easy to get Natalia involved if something bad happened.
	After all, to be in trouble was just Natalia's plan. She would show up later. If anything bad happened to Jessica, the public would definitely think it was also Natalia's plan.
	Thinking of this, he stood up and walked to her, taking a look at the map book in her hand.
	"Are you trying to find out where she might get into danger?"
	"Yes." Natalia nodded and opened the map book. Pointing at a place on it, she said, "Julio is a coastal city, and it's not far from Fortuna Island. I think Jessica didn't dare to take a plane, so he could only come here by ship. I want to see where the ship will stop and where she may get off."
	Archie took the map book.
	"No need to think too much!”
	As he said, he took out his phone, made a call, and gave an order to his men.
	Hearing his words, Natalia's eyes turned bright.
	After hanging up the phone, Archie smiled and said, "She has broken the prison, so she can't escape openly. If she wanted to take a ship, it should also be an unlicensed ship. As long as you ask someone to check who took an unlicensed ship that night, you will know what happened."
	Natalia was overjoyed.
	"Yes, why didn't I think of it? Honey, you are the best!"
	The man's eyes darkened at her simple praise.
	"I can do something better. Do you want to have a try?"
	Hearing this, Natalia was stunned, and then her face flushed.
	Recently, because Anne was also there and she would come to pester Natalia from time to time at night, Archie didn't dare to do anything at night, in case that the child would see it.
	Besides, the kid was so smart that even it was useless to lock the door. Anne had got all the keys to the hotel. As long as they locked the door, she could easily open it.
	Archie felt ashamed to change the lock especially for this matter. Therefore, since he came to the island, he hadn't had sex for nearly a week.
	Today, the old lady took Anne to have a walk nearby. They were not at home, and he now stayed with Natalia alone in a dark room...
	All of a sudden, Natalia's face turned blushed. She was hesitant and nervous. She didn't even know what she should say.
	"Well, Anne will come back later..."
	"They won't be that fast."
	As the man spoke, he had already wrapped his arms around her. Natalia felt his strong hand was on her waist, and then she was lifted by the man and put on the table.
	She was stunned and didn't know what to do.
	She didn't come back to her sense until the man pushed away all the computers and documents that were inconvenient in his opinion and bent over.
	"Em... Archie, you hooligan!"
	…
	An hour later.
	The man was fed well, so he finally stopped.
	Natalia was so tired. She was out of breath and her body was powerless.
	Archie kissed her forehead. He couldn't help laughing.
	Natalia glared at him. Taking a look at the time on his phone, she said angrily, "It's all because of you! You promised to end it soon, but now so much time has passed! Anne will be back soon. How can we explain this to her if she really sees this?”
	Archie still smiled. He held her hand, lift it to his lips, and kissed it again.
	"How can a man be so fast? Besides, you also looked happy just now."
	Natalia was speechless.
	This man...
	She even wanted to bite him!
	Fortunately, Archie also knew that the kid and the old lady would be home soon.
	He held Natalia in his arms and walked towards the bedroom.
	"What else do you want?"
	"Nothing. I'll take you to the bathroom. Do you want to see them like this?"
	Natalia kept silent.
	She didn't resist and let the man carry her into the bathroom. She then came out after she finished the shower.
	As expected, when she came out of the bathroom, Anne and the old lady came back.
	As soon as Anne entered the room, the kid called her Mommy.
	Natalia quickly changed her clothes and went downstairs. She saw the child holding a large pile of toys. Anne excitedly ran over and pulled her down to play with her.
	Natalia was amused. She said to the old lady, "You bought more toys for her."
	The old lady smiled and said, "I came there in a hurry and didn't bring many things. Anne felt bored, so I asked someone to send some toys."
	Natalia nodded. Seeing that the old lady was a little tired, she said, "You can have a rest first. I will play with her."
	The old lady also had this intention, so she said goodbye to Anne and went back to her room to have a rest.
	Natalia played with Anne for a while, and Archie came to find her. He had got the message.
	His men reported that a few days ago, an unidentified woman bought a ticket of an unlicensed ship to Fortuna Island.
	But on the way, she was taken away by another woman.
	Because they all saw the woman enter her room and thought that the two people knew each other, so they didn't think too much.
	Natalia frowned in confusion after she heard this.
	Woman?
	She quickly searched in her mind for the woman that Jessica knew and had the motivation to abduct Jessica, but found nothing.
	It was so strange!
	Archie also felt strange, but for him, whether Jessica was alive or dead had nothing to do with him.
	As long as Natalia was fine, he wouldn't care too much.
	So he thought for a while and said, "Those people think that you have kidnapped Jessica. Since they were so urgent to look for her, there must be something important. Why don't you take advantage of the current situation and let them admit their crimes first?"
	Natalia looked at him suspiciously.
	"Isn't it too cunning?"
	"Huh! War is always fraught with deception."
	Natalia was persuaded.
	Finally, she agreed with Archie after she thought for a long time.
	When she was about to call Clara, she received a call from Elsa.
	"Natalia, something happened! Read the news on the internet. Jessica is streaming!"
	Natalia was shocked after hearing this.
	She didn't ask Elsa or say anything more. She hung up the phone, logged into her account, and searched the live stream of Jessica.
	She opened it and found it was really Jessica.
	Facing the camera, Jessica looked haggard and pale. It seemed that she was in a hotel room.
	With tears in her eyes, she complained before the camera, "In the past few days, my family was exhausted to find me, but I was imprisoned in a ship on the sea by Natalia! If I hadn't been smart enough, I wouldn't have escaped. It was not a kidnapping, but a murder!"
Chapter 257 Fight Back
	Natalia's face darkened.
	Jessica continued, "If you don't believe me, I still have witnesses and physical evidence. When I escaped, I, fortunately, met a kind-hearted fisherwoman. She helped me a lot."
	Then she quickly turned the camera aside, revealing a rough and simple face.
	The fisherwoman nodded immediately. "Yes, it's true. She was so pitiful. She has met a crude person and been bullied like that.”
	"Fortunately, she was brave enough to escape from there by swimming several miles. But if she hadn't met me, she might have been eaten by the shark!"
	Jessica quickly turned the camera to herself, revealing the scars on her wrists and skin.
	The two wrists had been tied up with ropes, so there were definitely wounds. Her body was covered with bruises, and there was a long blood mark on her legs. She really looked so pitiful.
	"I've called the police. I'm extremely sad about what Natalia has done. I thought we were sisters anyway. I didn't expect that she would want to kill me.|”
	"From now on, I won't be softhearted anymore. I won't keep silent. I will use the weapon of law to make her pay for it!”
	"Besides, in fact, Natalia has never been kidnapped from the very beginning. She has been staying in Fortuna Island all the time. All of those are just part of her evil plan to hurt me with the public opinion and law!”
	"You have been deceived by her hypocritical face, which led to today's situation. But it doesn't matter. I'm safe now.”
	"Then, I will try my best to uncover the truth and let everyone know who is really behind all this!"
	After saying that, Jessica ended the live stream.
	There was another uproar on the Internet.
	However, Natalia was not in the mood to think about it. She put away her phone and her face turned sullen.
	Archie had been standing beside her all the time, so he could see clearly what was happening in the live stream.
	It seemed that Jessica had become more capable.
	She even could escape from the police station, and fight back.
	Huh! Always, the villains were hard to be dealt with, which kept happening from ancient times.
	Archie asked, "What are you going to do now? If you need my help, just say it. I will ask my men to deal with this matter."
	Natalia understood what he meant.
	But she still shook her head.
	"No, thanks. I have a way to deal with it."
	Archie raised his eyebrows in surprise.
	The current situation was very terrible for Natalia. Even he couldn't figure out how she could deal with it.
	He reminded her in a low voice, "This place has been exposed. I guess many people will come here soon. Are you sure you don't need my help?"
	Natalia smiled.
	"I'm just waiting for their coming."
	…
	Natalia was not talking big.
	She had her own plans. Although the current situation was beyond her expectations, there was still a way to deal with it.
	After all, she had planned for this for a long time, and she always had a Plan B.
	She had thought that it was useless, but it became useful today.
	That day, when it was almost evening, many people came to the island.
	Natalia didn't hide, but met these people openly.
	They were just reporters, police, and among them were Shawn and the Dawson family.
	When everyone saw her standing in front of them safely, their eyes widened in surprise.
	The reporters seized the opportunity to take photos.
	Natalia didn't allow the old lady and Anne to come out. At first, even Archie was not allowed to come out, but the man didn't listen to her.
	He said he was her husband, so he should stand by her side at such a moment.
	Natalia had no choice but to agree.
	Therefore, at this time, not only Natalia, but also Archie appeared together.
	The reporters got more excited.
	"Mr. McCarthy, may I know your relationship with Miss Dawson? Why are you here with her?"
	"There were rumors that Miss Dawson has a sugar daddy. Is that you?"
	"Is there anything you want to say about the accident caused and designed by Miss Dawson?"
	"Are you also involved in this plan?"
	...
	Countless questions came together, and a crowd of people blocked the entrance of the hotel.
	Archie kept a straight face and said nothing.
	However, Natalia raised her hand, signaling everyone to be quiet first.
	The reporters thought she was going to speak, so they immediately kept silent.
	To everyone's surprise, a woman suddenly rushed up to Natalia and reached out her hand to grab Natalia's arm. She shouted as she came, "Why did you hurt my daughter? My daughter has always been tolerant of you, but you force her once and once again. Now you have pushed her into such a situation. You have to pay for it!"
	But before she could get close to Natalia, she was stopped by the security guards.
	Natalia cast a cold glance at the crazy Aleena.
	Clara said angrily, "You're so vicious, and you even get Mr. McCarthy involved. Mr. McCarthy doesn't know the truth and hasn't been aware of your evil mind. How dare you use him to do such a shameless thing? You're so ruthless!"
	Clara didn't dare to offend Archie, so she wanted to take him away from Natalia.
	At the same time, she sent a signal to Archie.
	Their target was only Natalia, and they didn't want to fight against the McCarthy family.
	If Archie didn't want the McCarthy family to be involved in this mess, he could just stand by and do nothing.
	Unexpectedly, Archie smiled coldly.
	"Old Mrs. Dawson, I remember that I have told you a long time ago that Natalia is my wife. Everything about her is also my business. Anything harmful to her is also harmful to me. How can you say that she is using me?"
	Clara was stunned.
	She didn't expect him to say that.
	However, the reporters were even more shocked.
	When they saw Archie and Natalia appear together, they knew that there must be a special relationship between the two.
	But they didn't expect that their relationship would be so special.
	Did Archie say that Natalia was his wife?
	Was there really no mistake?
	That was impossible!
	Wasn't Archie McCarthy single? When did he get married?
	Everyone was stunned, but they didn't want to miss the century news here. They quickly raised the camera and took photos.
	Since Archie didn't want to stand by, Clara said angrily, "Okay, that's what you said! Natalia, why are you here? Didn't you disappear? Didn't you say that Jessica had kidnapped you?”
	"Then explain to me what's going on now! A woman who claimed to be kidnapped is found on a holiday on the beautiful island with a man, but my poor Jessica has been hurt like that!”
	"Is there still a law? Where is the punishment for you? Natalia, you'd better tell me the truth. What else have you done? As long as you confess, maybe you can be convicted leniently! Otherwise..."
	"Otherwise what?"
	Natalia interrupted her without hesitation.
Chapter 258 The Recording
	Natalia tilted her head slightly and looked at Clara with a faint smile. "It seems that you're so sure that you have hidden all the clues and will win the game.”
	Clara's face darkened.
	"What do you mean? I don't understand what you are talking about!"
	"You don't need to understand it, as long as they can understand."
	As Natalia spoke, she suddenly took out a recorder pen from her handbag.
	Then, some voices came from the recorder pen with no pause.
	Everyone held their breath and listened to the recording.
	It was the conversation of the four people from the Dawson family.
	Philip said, "Who is behind all this? We have been cursed first, and now there is such a post on the internet. Obviously, someone wants to fight against the Dawson family!"
	Then it was Clara's voice, "Who else can it be? No one else dares to spread such a message except that d*mn girl!"
	Philip shouted, "She will be happy as long as we're suffering. This d*mn girl! If I had known this earlier, I wouldn't have let her stay in the family twenty years ago! It's not easy to get rid of that woman, but she stands out to find trouble for me again!"
	Clara said, "You can just tell me this in private. Don't mention it in front of Aleena and Jessica."
	Philip was confused, "We are family. Nothing should be hidden from them."
	Clara explained, "Your wife said she loves you so much, but we can't know if it is true. Since she could kill Kiera with her car so decisively, she was also ruthless. Nowadays, people change fast, so you don't have to tell her everything. As for Jessica..."
	Then it was Aleena's voice, "Yes, I killed her with my car, so what? She has been dead for five years, so Natalia can't find anything out!"
	It seemed to be Jessica's voice then, "Mom, but I'm still afraid..."
	Aleena, "Don't be afraid. I could kill her mother five years ago, so if she dares to force me again, I can also kill her now! It's just her who wants this!"
	Then it was Philip again, "It's not easy for me to get close to that woman, Kiera. With the help of the Hawkins, I managed to make the Dawson family like this now. But that girl even wants to give all the family business to that brat. She doesn't take me seriously at all. It's really annoying!"
	Aleena comforted him, "The business of the Dawson family is nothing important. If this plan really succeeds, then Jessica will become powerful overnight. At that time, let alone the Dawson family, even the Miller family or the Kaur family should kneel and flatter us. Honey, you should be farsighted and stop considering the immediate interests. There will be no good result if you keep doing that."
	Philip agreed, "You are right. We must get it done! No accident is allowed to happen!"
	Jessica said, "Mom, I don't want to be the supporting role for Natalia."
	Aleena said, "Jessica, think about it! Now, with the rumors, everyone thinks that you are a selfish girl who is willing to hurt your sister to get benefits.”
	"But if you play the supporting role for Natalia, and let Natalia be the heroine, people will know that you, as Natalia's sister, are willing to be the supporting role to help her when she wants to start a career in the circle.”
	"At that time, people will only think that you are considerate and can correct your mistakes. And your acting must be better than Natalia's. Besides, you and she will star in the same play. You act better but you can only play the supporting role, and her acting is a mess but she can play the heroine. Guess what those people will think about this matter!”
	Jessica said, "They will think that Natalia has got her role with dirty deals!"
	Aleena continued, "Yes, that's it. At that time, we can also do some help. She will be notorious then!"
	…
	The recording lasted for nearly ten minutes.
	Although the contents of the video were edited into pieces, it was still shocking.
	Killing people by a car accident, forcing the original wife to die, making a plan to become the hostess of the Dawson family from a mistress, framing the stepdaughter, and other conspiracies hidden in those words... People there were all shocked.
	God! What kind of family was this?
	To say the least, it was reasonable for Aleena and Jessica to have no good feelings for Natalia and her mother, but Clara and Philip had lived with Natalia and her mother for more than a decade.
	They could even treat Natalia and her mother like that! It was so ruthless.
	Everyone's face changed at the moment. They all looked at the four people from the Dawson family who were standing aside in a daze.
	Everyone's eyes were full of shock and contempt.
	Among them, Shawn was the one who was the most shocked.
	He had never thought that the truth would be like this!
	Several years ago, Kiera died in a car accident and Natalia went abroad. It turned out that all this was a plan made by the people of the Dawson family.
	Clara finally came to her senses. Her face turned pale and shouted anxiously, "This... this recording is fake. It's all nonsense! Don't trust her!"
	However, not many people would believe her now.
	Compared with Natalia's plan to make a fake death, everyone was more interested in what the Dawson family had done.
	Jessica, Aleena, and Philip also panicked.
	Jessica suddenly looked up at Natalia, who was standing on the platform.
	"Sister, I know you hate me and want me to die. But it's just a grudge between the two of us. Dad, mom, and grandma are innocent. Is it necessary for you to frame them like this?"
	Natalia sneered.
	"Frame? Several years ago, my mother accidentally found the affair between your mom and dad. In order to cover their affair, your mom bought off the garage worker to secretly tamper with the brake of my mother's car.”
	"Then she drove her car to hit my mother's car on purpose. My mother's car was directly crashed on the bridge and she was also killed. Isn't it the truth?"
	Aleena's face suddenly turned pale.
	"You... What are you talking about? I didn't do it. Philip and I loved each other so much, but I have never thought of taking over your mother's position!”
	"I was also sad about your mother's accident, but you can't blame everything on me! Natalia, I have never treated you unfairly in the past few years. How can you do this to me?"
	As she spoke, she began to sob, with tears in her eyes.
	Jessica hurriedly held her arm and said in a sad voice, "Mom, don't be too sad. I think my sister must have been instigated by someone to talk nonsense. Don't fall into their trap."
	Clara came to her senses when she heard Jessica's words.
	She tried to calm down and said in a low voice, "Well, I can forget what you have said before! No matter who told you this and what else they have told you, it's not true!”
	"Now, go back with me and explain to everyone about the case between you and your sister!”
	"As long as your explanation is reasonable enough, we won't do anything to you. We're all decent people."
Chapter 259 Ruthless
	Clara said righteously and winked at the two bodyguards behind her. The bodyguards immediately came up.
	However, before they could get close to Natalia, Nancy and several other bodyguards also stood out and protected Natalia behind them.
	The atmosphere froze and a fight was about to break out.
	Looking at Clara, Natalia sneered, "What? Do you want to shift the topic? Or do you really think you can fool me with just a few words in such a situation?"
	She raised the recorder pen and said in a deep voice to the reporters in front of the camera, "I can certify, on my honor, that this recording is absolutely true. If you still don't believe me, I can hand it over to the police for a check to see if there is any trace proving that it is fake."
	After saying that, she handed the recorder pen to a policeman.
	Clara's eyes widened in anxiety.
	"Natalia!”
	Philip was also anxious. He rushed forward to snatch the recorder pen, but was stopped by a policeman.
	"Mr. Dawson, this is the important evidence. Please don't touch it."
	Philip was furious. He glared at Natalia and cursed, "Natalia! Do you really want to ruin the Dawson family? You want all of us to die, don't you?"
	Natalia thought it was funny.
	"Mr. Dawson, didn't you say that you are innocent? In that case, why are you so nervous?”
	"Let the police check it. If it's fake, isn't it just enough to prove your innocence?"
	Philip was rendered speechless.
	Clara glared at Natalia coldly. Natalia looked back at her with a calm expression on her face.
	A reporter asked, "Miss Dawson, is it you who manipulated the kidnap to take revenge on the Dawson family?"
	"No."
	"No? What do you mean?"
	The crowd was surprised and discussed in a low voice.
	After all, Jessica had said that Natalia hadn't been kidnapped before. Natalia just had planned all this to frame her.
	And now, it turned out that Natalia was really standing there safe and sound.
	Seeing that everyone was confused, Natalia explained, "I was indeed kidnapped before, but I was lucky enough to escape after that.”
	"Because I got the news that my sister is the one who made the plan to kidnap me, I didn't dare to go back home. Coincidentally, I learned the truth of my mother's car accident five years ago.”
	"So I asked the police for help to make such a plan. It was because of the special situation, but for all the trouble it caused to you during this period of time, I still have to apologize to you.”
	"At the same time, I hope you can understand my eagerness to know the truth of my mother's death, as a daughter."
	Another reporter asked, "Are you also the person who made the plan to kidnap Jessica?"
	Natalia shook her head and said, "No."
	Her words caused an uproar again among the crowd.
	"Do you mean that you didn't kidnap her, and didn't imprison her?"
	Natalia nodded.
	"I swear on my honor that I have never seen her since I came to Fortuna Island. I don't know who did it about her disappearance.”
	"But I think she has always been arrogant and domineering, so maybe she has another enemy except for me. If you really want to know who it is, you can investigate from this aspect."
	As soon as Natalia finished her words, everyone looked at each other in silence.
	Through all kinds of scandals in the first half of the year, Jessica's bad personality was revealed, so what Natalia said was also reasonable.
	However, Jessica, who was standing aside, got more anxious. She shouted angrily, "Natalia, What are you talking about? It was you who kidnapped me to that ship!”
	"You even threatened me and said you would kill me. If I hadn't escaped by myself, I might have been murdered by you now. How dare you lie to them here?"
	Natalia glanced at her lazily and sneered, "Really? Do you have any evidence to prove it?"
	Jessica didn't know what to say. She murmured and had no word to refute Natalia.
	Natalia said in a low voice, "In fact, it's not difficult to prove it. During this period of time, I have been staying on the island, and the hotel staff and other people on the island can testify for me."
	Her words got everyone's trust.
	There were more disdains in their eyes to Jessica.
	It was Jessica who wanted to kidnap Natalia but failed, and now it was still her who framed Natalia for a kidnap.
	How shameless the girl was.
	Jessica didn't expect that things would become like this. She looked around in a hurry and found that no one was willing to believe her. She felt more flustered.
	She looked at Clara in bewilderment.
	"Grandma, what should we do now?"
	In fact, Clara didn't know what to do.
	However, as the head of the Dawson family, she had gone through so many ups and downs, so she still looked calm.
	She said in a low voice, "Even if you didn't leave here, it doesn't mean that you didn't order others to do it. But don't worry. We will investigate what the truth is. Now, you have admitted that it was you who made such a plan. That is to say, the attacks Jessica received on the Internet a few days ago were all false accusations. We just want to confirm this. As for other matters, we will discuss it after we go back.”
	Clara said and was about to leave.
	Unexpectedly, she was stopped by Natalia.
	"Wait!"
	Natalia walked forward and said in a deep voice, "You haven't explained the matter in the recording yet! You can't leave now!”
	Clara's face turned livid.
	"I've told you. That's not true! We didn't do that!"
	"HMM... it seems that you don't want to admit it."
	"Why should I admit something I haven't done?"
	"Okay."
	Natalia nodded after she thought for a while. "Since you don't want to admit it even in such a situation, let's discuss this matter in court! At that time, I won't leave any dignity or route of retreat for the Dawson family!”
	Hearing her threat, Clara got furious.
	"Natalia Dawson, don't forget that you are also a member of the Dawson family!"
	"I'm sorry. I really forgot it. After all, in the past five years, I have clearly seen how you treat me. The past memories have been buried with the death of my mother! So, from now on, I have no relationship with the Dawson family. Just watch out for yourselves!”
	After saying that, she turned around and walked inside, ignoring Clara's fury.
	Clara glared at Natalia, with fury and hatred in her eyes!
	Jessica still looked aggrieved and panicked. She said in a trembling voice, "Sister, why are you so ruthless? Grandma and dad also have doted on you much before. Don't you remember that at all?”
	Natalia sneered.
	"I have given you a chance to confess the crime to me. You didn't cherish it, did you? Now you said I am ruthless. Why didn't you think about how ruthless you were when you planned to kill my mother?"
Chapter 260 I Don't Want To Force Him
	Natalia's serious and loud voice shocked everyone here!
	Archie stepped forward and held her hand.
	He glanced coldly at everyone around and said in a low voice.
	"From now on, I officially declare that my wife, Natalia's business is also my business. Offending her means offending the McCarthy family! I will personally ask someone to investigate the murder of my mother-in-law. At that time, I also hope that the police can be just, and can judge this case fairly!”
	Today, the police officer in Julio also came with the Dawson family.
	He hurriedly nodded as he heard Archie's speaking, "Of course! Mr. McCarthy, don't worry. I will look into this matter in person and won't let go of any murderer!"
	Archie nodded with satisfaction and took Natalia inside.
	It was like a farce what happened today. It started in a roar and ended in silence.
	The members of the Dawson family were taken away by the police on suspicion of murder.
	With Archie's speaking, the police didn't dare to let them go.
	As for the fact that Natalia had deliberately concealed her situation before, it ended with the beginning of this new case.
	After all, to everyone's surprise, the reason why Natalia did so was to find out the real murderer of her mother.
	As for the police, they had helped Natalia spread false news on the Internet before, so some people began to be dissatisfied.
	However, since there was a serious case now, no one dared to say anything. On the contrary, they were looking forward to the final results of the investigation. They wanted to see if the people from the Dawson family were really as vicious as Natalia had said.
	All in all, from a certain point of view, this matter was temporarily over.
	Natalia and Archie also returned to Julio.
	It would take some time for the police to investigate, so Natalia was not in a hurry to urge them.
	On the other hand, Victoria had gone abroad before and came back two days ago. Natalia heard that Victoria was living alone in the Red Maple Garden now, so she was a little worried and planned to visit her.
	This day, Natalia specially put her work aside and went to buy something in the supermarket. Then she came to visit Victoria.
	Although the Red Maple Garden was one of the best high-end residential areas in Julio City, it was still a little inferior to the Rose Pavilion that Victoria used to live in.
	Natalia came to the floor where she lived, found her room, and rang the doorbell.
	After a while, the door was opened.
	They hadn't seen each other for a long time. It seemed that Victoria had gained a lot of weight. Wearing light-colored household clothes, her hair was scattered, but her face was still stunning.
	When she saw Natalia, her eyes turned bright. She quickly walked to Natalia and hugged her happily.
	"Great. You're fine. I'm so worried about you."
	Natalia felt warm for her consideration and patted her on the back. "I'm fine. Don't worry. "
	After a few seconds, Victoria finally let her go.
	Then she took Natalia into the room.
	"Have a seat. What do you want to drink? I'll take it for you."
	Natalia looked around the room and said casually, "Anything is okay."
	She sat down on the sofa and felt a little relieved when she found that although this house was not as good as the place where Victoria used to live, it was also high-end and had all kinds of devices.
	Victoria brought her a glass of water and sat down opposite her.
	Natalia took a sip and looked at her.
	Then there was a short silence.
	They had been good friends since they were students at the middle school. They certainly knew what they were thinking about.
	But sometimes, the two of them didn't want to speak first, nor did they want to break the peaceful moment that they could hardly enjoy.
	Finally, Natalia spoke first.
	"How long has it been?"
	Victoria raised her head, indicating that Victoria's belly was bulging.
	With a smile, Victoria lowered her head, stroked her belly, and said, "Six months."
	Natalia's heart skipped a beat.
	Time passed so fast. It had been six months.
	The child grew so fast in her belly, and she would give birth after three or four months.
	"Where is the baby's father? Hasn't he shown up yet?"
	Victoria was hesitant.
	She forced a smile and said, "Natalia, I don't want to force him."
	Natalia frowned.
	"What do you mean? Don't tell me that he is unwilling to take the responsibility!"
	"No."
	Seeing that she was about to lose her temper, Victoria quickly stopped her.
	"He... He hasn't known about it yet."
	"What?"
	Natalia was shocked.
	"The baby is already six months old in your belly, but he even doesn't know about it! What are you thinking? You should tell him about it. It's not your own business. Do you understand?"
	Instead of explaining, Victoria waited for Natalia to finish her speaking and then said slowly, "I know it, but do you really think it's useful to force someone who doesn't love me?"
	Natalia was rendered speechless.
	Now, looking at the delicate but somewhat disappointed face in front of her, Natalia suddenly understood something.
	Her throat was a little sore, and her mind seemed to be blocked by something. She couldn't think about anything.
	She took a deep breath and asked softly, "Who... Who is he?"
	Victoria didn't answer.
	She sat there silently, lowering her head slightly, without looking straight into Natalia's eyes.
	Obviously, she didn't want to tell Natalia.
	Natalia took a long breath and said seriously, "Okay, I respect your choice and your privacy. You can keep it a secret, or you can keep it from that man. But have you ever thought about what it means?”
	"Victoria, you are the most stunning woman in the entertainment circle, and you are a popular star and you almost certainly have a bright future. Do you know what it means for a female star to be pregnant before marriage and even her baby has an unknown father?”
	"Well, maybe you don't care about your future, but what about yourself? Giving birth to a baby is not something that can be decided impulsively. Have you thought about how to bring the baby up and explain everything to the baby in the future?”
	"And what will Uncle Kaur think? He loves you so much that he won't allow you to do that. Are you going to break up with him?"
	Natalia's worry was reasonable.
	She knew Victoria so well!
	Who was Victoria? The daughter of the Kaur family and the young lady of Ambario Prosperities, who had been born with a silver spoon. She could spend money at her will and had never suffered from any grievance since she was a child.
	But now, she had to raise a child alone, and she would do this in such a serious situation!
	Natalia was worried that she might not be able to hold on and would regret her choice in the future.
	However, Victoria shook her head.
	"Natalia, I understand what you are worried about. I have thought about it carefully."
	"So you still decide to give birth to the baby, right?"
	All of a sudden, Victoria raised her head and looked at Natalia.
	There was no fear, no helplessness, no fragility or hesitation that a single mother should have in her eyes.
	There was only firmness and confidence.
	"Yes, it is a little life. It has the right to come to this world, and..."
	And it was also his child!
	She couldn't ask that man to be with her. Maybe from the beginning, the two of them were two intersecting straight lines. After the only crossing point that night, they would only go further and further away from each other in the future.
Chapter 261 Victoria Leaves the Country
	And this child would be the only memento he’d ever leave her!
	Victoria didn’t say it out loud. She simply smiled mildly, her delicate features sparkling with gentle, peaceable light.
	“I’ve thought it over. I’ll give birth to him properly and raise him to adulthood. No matter what hardships come in the future, I won’t regret my decision today. Besides, no matter how difficult it gets, I still have you, right? It’s not so easy to be a godmother. Are you going to support us mother and child?”
	Natalia fumed.
	She couldn’t resist the urge to roll her eyes.
	“Yes, yes, fine. I’ll support you two. But how would you explain this to the old man? I heard you left home because you two argued. He probably won’t permit you to give birth to this child.”
	Victoria was silent for a while.
	Then she murmured, “I can’t budge on this. If he won’t forgive me, then he’ll just have to treat it like he’s never given birth to me as a daughter. After all… I haven’t done anything to be proud of.”
	Natalia’s heart ached as she heard that.
	“Victoria.”
	Victoria forced a smile and lifted her head.
	“I’m alright. No need to comfort me, really. I’ve thought it all through in this time. The most important thing for me right now is to raise this child properly. The environment inside the country is messy and chaotic. Even though I’ve decided on all this, I still don’t want the public to know, so I’ll be leaving the country all the same for these days. If you miss me, you can fly over to see me. When the dust settles, I’ll be back.”
	Natalia couldn’t voice her bitterness.
	But since Victoria had made her decision, she had no other choice than to support her.
	She got up, walked over to her, and held her hand.
	“Don’t forget you still have me no matter where you go, Victoria.”
	Smiling, Victoria nodded.
	…
	Three days later, Victoria left.
	That day, Natalia went over to the airport to see her off, even giving her a list of people she’d been close to in Othua. If something really came up, she’d have someone to contact.
	Jokingly, Victoria noted that, five years ago, she’d seen Natalia off, and now it was Natalia’s turn to see her off. No matter how you looked at it, what went around came around.
	Natalia could only smile helplessly, missing her already even though they could meet whenever they wanted in Othua.
	It wouldn’t be as convenient as it had been in Julio. She was also worried about the secret that Victoria wouldn’t tell her.
	But Natalia didn’t say any of that out loud. She went back to the office after she’d seen Victoria off.
	Archie had gone back to Eqitin for a couple of days, taking Ariana and Anne back with him.
	Anne’s health wasn’t good, and she needed regular checkups. Archie was there for it every time.
	Natalia had wanted to go as well, but with Kiera’s case in Julio demanding her attention at any moment, she couldn’t leave. They’d have to leave it for next time.
	Knowing that she’d come back safely, Nathan and Hamlin were overjoyed.
	They hadn’t believed Jessica before, and this proved that they were right. Only, hearing about Natalia’s mother, they had to sigh about the whole affair.
	But sigh as they would, they still had work to do.
	This night, Nathan booked a spot in the Parlour and held a gathering. Natalia was invited.
	The people attending the gathering were all bigshot seniors in entertainment, and because it was a private affair, not too many people were attending, so it didn’t count as official business.
	Since Natalia was making her living in such circles, she’d have to interact with such people eventually.
	Nathan had invited her to the gathering with some intention to pave the way for her, so of course she couldn’t turn him down.
	At eight in the night, social lubricants were in full flow in the Parlour.
	The compartment that Nathan had booked was on the third floor. The banquet hall was inside, leading out into a small garden with a nice view.
	Of course, drinking was a given in a gathering like this.
	Thankfully, Natalia could handle her alcohol, so she wasn’t too put off.
	Everyone who attended were seniors in the entertainment business, most of them having a great relationship with Nathan.
	They hadn’t known who Natalia was before, but after this incident and knowing she was Archie McCarthy’s wife, they naturally all tried to get in good with her.
	As night fell, the atmosphere was one of relative harmony and enjoyment.
	At about eleven, everyone had had about enough to drink.
	Natalia went to the washroom for a moment, and suddenly received a call from Archie as she came out.
	The man’s voice was as low and clear as always. “What are you doing?”
	Natalia walked over to the balcony on the side, enjoying the breeze as she replied, “Drinking.”
	“Is that so?”
	She didn’t need to look to tell that Archie seemed to be frowning.
	Archie didn’t like it when she attended to business like this. With his status, it was enough for her to not go anywhere.
	Natalia laughed and didn’t want him to overthink it. “Nathan put together a banquet. It’s all bigshots here. He wanted me to make an impression.”
	The man’s voice calmed somewhat. “How much did you drink?”
	“Not that much. They’re all seniors, so it wouldn’t be fitting to have me drink too much. Besides, with you at my back, they’ve given me more consideration, so it’s a good deal for me.”
	Archie laughed too. “What kind of good deal is that? If you don’t want to deal with them, don’t. With me here, no one would dare tread on you.”
	His words were casual, but they were infinitely warm.
	A gentle smile graced Natalia’s lips as she nodded. “All right. I’ve got it.”
	Seeing her like this, Archie’s mood improved even more, and he murmured, “I’ll be back tomorrow morning. Come pick me up at the airport?”
	Natalia blinked and didn’t think that he’d be back so soon, so she agreed.
	The two chatted for a while longer and hung up.
	After she put her phone away, Natalia enjoyed the breeze for a while longer, felt the alcohol fade, and got ready to head back.
	But the moment she lifted her head, she saw a young man headed her way.
	“Stephen? What are you doing here?”
	Stephen was still keeping up his lollygagging pretty-boy image. He lifted his glass.
	“There’s a banquet, so I’m coming over to sit around. What are you doing here instead of going back to Eqitin with my brother?”
	Natalia chuckled. “So only you are allowed to deal with business, and I’m not?”
	Stephen poked his nose. “With my brother at your back, you’ve got no reason to attend to business.”
	All right. Guess those two really were brothers.
	Natalia took a look at the time and found it was getting late, so she didn’t linger to chat.
	“All right, I’m going back in. Don’t drink too much, all right?”
	Stephen nodded.
	Natalia headed back into the hall.
	At that moment, the compartment next to theirs was pushed open from the inside, and a drunken man stumbled out with his hand over his mouth.
	Natalia jumped. She’d just made it to the door to the compartment, so the man crashed squarely into her the moment he emerged.
Chapter 262 Plastic Love
	“Excuse me, where’s the restroom?”
	Natalia blinked.
	That voice sounded familiar?
	She tilted her head and looked over, while the man looked up. The two started.
	“Shawn?”
	“Natalia?”
	“What are you doing here?”
	“What are you doing here?”
	They spoke the same sentence at once.
	After that, their expressions didn’t look too good.
	Natalia was bemused.
	Of all the people she could bump into here!
	Ever since that day she’d made their boundaries clear on the island, she’d thought she’d never see him again, but with her rotten luck, she wasn’t just bumping into him here, but his compartment was right next to hers.
	Shawn’s face changed slightly, but he calmed soon enough.
	He looked Natalia up and down.
	It had to be said that she was getting more and more beautiful.
	A beige one-piece dress emphasized her slim, slender figure, with sandals of the same color on her feet. Her black tresses flowed behind her, and she looked delicate and pure.
	He’d only thought she was pretty before, but lacked the womanly aura that he liked, so he’d never been that interested in her.
	But now, seems like if she put her mind to dressing up, her charms wouldn’t lose to Jessica’s.
	In fact, they’d even surpass hers.
	Shawn’s gaze dimmed, and he suppressed his drunkenness, straightening up as he smiled. “I’m here to meet some friends of mine. What a coincidence seeing you here.”
	Natalia didn’t grace him with a nice face.
	“I’m not interested in what you’re doing here. Please move out of the way if there’s nothing else. I’m going back to my room.”
	Shawn cocked an eyebrow and looked at the compartment next to his.
	“You’re next door?”
	Natalia rolled her eyes.
	She must have inherited eight past lives’ worth of bad luck to get a compartment next to his.
	“It’s all entertainment people next door. I just saw a few famous directors… oh, right, I forgot, you’re a famous actor now, too.”
	These past couple days, “Strategies for Cannon Fodder” had started airing online. Even though it was a web series with small production value, reception was great, and it was getting plenty of clicks.
	He smiled, looking a bit lonely. “I saw your performance in that show, Natalia. It was great. I loved it.”
	Natalia sneered. “What does my performance have to do with you? Do you think I need your approval? Your own wife’s still sitting in prison, while you’ve got the mood to come out and drink? What? Getting ready for a new partner already? That’s some real plastic love!”
	Shawn’s expression stiffened.
	After Jessica’s incident, he’d gone back to see her once. He’d felt that she was gentle and elegant before, but looking at her now, she was just a madwoman trying to think of ways to force him to bail her out. Forget everything else, she was just an annoyance.
	He started regretting things.
	Especially seeing Natalia’s performance in the show – with an aura and technique that didn’t lose to Jessica’s, she couldn’t have given that performance without some natural talent.
	That was a woman he deserved.
	And Jessica…
	Ever since half a year or so ago, she’d changed. She wasn’t the Jessica that he knew anymore.
	At first, he’d thought that she couldn’t take the blow, which was why her personality had changed.
	But after spending so much time together, he finally discovered that she was really completely different from what he’d seen before.
	She was jealous, incompetent, cheap, cunning but stupid enough to get caught each time.
	Worthless!
	If it hadn’t been for the fact that they couldn’t get divorced yet, he’d have left her well enough alone long ago.
	Still that thought had only been dancing around in his head, and it wasn’t a strong feeling.
	Seeing the way Natalia looked and behaved now, though, that feeling intensified to the point that he couldn’t keep it down anymore.
	Smiling mildly, Shawn said, “I didn’t know you could act before and never thought you could perform this well. As a friend, I’m happy for you. No matter what, that counts as a sort of success!”
	Natalia rolled her eyes again.
	She didn’t waste time chattering with him and had started walking off when he suddenly grabbed her wrist.
	“Hey, wait up.”
	Natalia frowned.
	If it hadn’t been in public, she’d have kicked him off her.
	Still, she kept her patience and grunted, “What do you want now?”
	Shawn paused, then said gently, “Mrs. Wright is in there with my father. Now that you’re here, aren’t you going to go greet her?”
	Natalia blinked.
	Mrs. Wright was here too?
	That was all well and good, but what was she doing getting mixed up with the Millers?
	She had her doubts, but no matter what, Mrs. Wright had always treated her well. It was well and good if she hadn’t known, but not going in to greet her knowing full well that she was here didn’t seem right.
	Natalia wrenched her hand out of his grip and muttered, “I’ve got it!”
	With that, she pushed her way in.
	Shawn’s expression softened a little and he smiled as he followed her in.
	Not for away, Stephen looked at the scene and frowned, a bit of deep thought running through his eyes.
	…
	The compartment was large and crowded.
	Every single compartment in the Parlour was the equivalent of a home for a normal family of three. There were stages for performance, arcade rooms, and the nicer ones even had back gardens and a swimming pool for summers. Plenty of entertainment.
	As they went inside, Mrs. Wright and Henry were sitting on a sofa, and across from them sat a middle-aged man in a suit.
	The man was in his forties but looked young. His hair was slicked back impeccably. He wore a tailor-made suit. His identity wasn’t apparent, but from the aura he emanated, it was clear he wasn’t a common person.
	Why were the Wrights and the Millers meeting such a man in a place like this? Who was he?
	Natalia had her doubts, but didn’t overthink it.
	Walking over, she called, “Mrs. Wright.”
	Mrs. Wright had seen her a while ago already. She was surprised, but still nodded.
	“You’re here too, Natalia? Meeting with friends?”
	Natalia nodded. “Yeah, some friends in entertainment circles.”
	“Oh, right, right. You’re part of the entertainment industry now as an actress. You have to be careful; it’s a complicated world out there. But your god-granny believes in you. You’re a good kid, and you won’t lose your way.”
	The old lady’s gently words warmed Natalia’s heart somewhat.
	No matter what had happened before and what misunderstandings had occurred, Mrs. Wright was the only person on this side who truly cared for her after her mother passed.
	The old lady had known her grandfather before. When the two were alive, they’d been close as siblings. Maybe they’d hoped that their later generations could continue to be friends. That was why Mrs. Wright had been godmother to her mother, and god-grandmother to her.
Chapter 263 Coup de Grace
	It was a pity that fate had other ideas.
	Some relationships had broken down eventually.
	Natalia didn’t say much of anything else. Having said hello, she prepared to leave.
	At that moment, the middle-aged man sitting across them spoke.
	“This is Mrs. McCarthy?”
	Natalia blinked and looked over.
	The middle-aged man wore a gentle and calm smile. The lenient smile of an authority figure looking down on a peasant.
	She nodded. “Yes.”
	“I’ve seen your performance. You were great. I heard you also sang the theme song for that show? I especially liked that song. Could you sing it for me again tonight?”
	Natalia was a little taken aback.
	“Strategies for Cannon Fodder” was just a web series with small production and small investment, after all. To save costs, Vicente hadn’t hired professional singers.
	He’d just discovered that Natalia could sing pretty well by accident and had her sing the opening theme.
	She hadn’t thought that the man would have heard it.
	Natalia was a little embarrassed. She tucked up the hair next to her ear.
	“That’s.,. not so good, since it’s your gathering…”
	“No, I won’t mind. It’s just that the song is quite similar to a tune an old friend of mine once wrote. I was quite moved when I heard it. Now that I’ve met you today, I wanted to hear it again live. It’s my fault for making such a sudden request.”
	The man smiled gently as he spoke.
	To be honest, it really was a rather sudden request to make of someone you were meeting for the first time.
	But because of this man’s lenient aura and the honesty in his tone, he gave off the impression of really just wanting to hear the song instead of trying to make her a laughingstock.
	Natalia wasn’t so stingy. Besides, she could see that the people here were of pretty significant status.
	Besides, the man’s gaze looked true. Maybe there was some special meaning to him wanting to hear that song.
	Since she didn’t want to go back to business so early, she really could go and sing that song.
	Thinking of that, she looked at Mrs. Wright.
	The old lady nodded imperceptibly.
	Natalia pursed her lips and finally nodded. “Okay.”
	There was audio equipment in the compartment. It couldn’t be compared to the professional types in recording studios, but to get put in the Parlour, the quality of sound was already quite good.
	Natalia had someone put the song on, took up the microphone, and began to sing.
	Really, every time she sang this sang, she devoted her full self to it. This time was no exception.
	When the first note rang out, Natalia devoted her entire body and mind to the world of the music.
	This song had been written by a famous composer about a lover of his that he’d once cherished. They had passed away from an accident and he’d kept on thinking about them. The song was about meeting them in his next life.
	It was a tune about the parting of life and death, but the overall tone wasn’t too sad. There was still a bit of mild sorrow permeating the song, so in general, it meant to mourn without hurting.
	Natalia focused entirely on singing, while the middle-aged man had frozen to the spot the moment she opened her mouth.
	His face went from gentle leniency to disbelief. He was deeply shaken.
	It was different hearing it live compared to hearing it on the television.
	On TV, he’d still been shaken, but he’d reacted quickly enough and realized she wasn’t her.
	It was different live.
	The person was right before you, with those eyes, that posture, that tone…
	It was as if she was right here, alive.
	With the song over, Natalia tugged herself out of the mood of the music and turned around, smiling. “Sorry for the rough performance.”
	Then she realized that the middle-aged man wasn’t reacting at all, only staring at her in a daze.
	Natalia’s gut twitched.
	Was something wrong?
	Mrs. Wright had also seemed to notice the atmosphere wasn’t right, and hastily clapped. “That was amazing, Natalia. Wouldn’t you say so, Mr. Kawn?”
	The man called Mr. Kawn reacted. Looking uncomfortable, he hurriedly nodded. “Yes, that was amazing.”
	Natalia felt that his reaction was really quite strange, but didn’t linger on it. She put the microphone down and said, “I’m heading back, Mrs. Wright.”
	The old lady nodded and smiled. “All right, go! Let’s have Shawn escort you.”
	Natalia had wanted to refuse, but Shawn had already walked over to the door. If she refused, it wouldn’t look to well on her, so she didn’t say anything.
	Outside, Shawn chuckled, “That was great. Even better than hearing it on television.”
	Natalia cocked an eyebrow. “Then how was it compared to Jessica?”
	After all, as an all-star on the stage, Jessica had sung plenty of times before!
	Shawn’s expression stiffened.
	He was a little sullen. “What are you bringing her up for?”
	Natalia stopped in her tracks, looked at him, and sneered, “I know full well what goes on through that head of yours, Shawn Miller, so there’s no need to pretend in front of me. In the past, the Dawson family was headed by Clara and Aleena, so to get Clara on your side, you pulled Jessica to your side only to get the Dawson family into the Miller family. Now that Clara’s in trouble, Jessica and Aleena are facing charges, you’re afraid that it’ll affect yourself or the Miller family, so you’re trying to give her the boot and come back to me. Do you think everyone’s as stupid as her, Shawn? That they’ll just stand by and become your plaything after you feed them your lies?”
	Shawn’s expression grew ugly.
	“What are you saying? Am I such a person in your mind? I’ll admit that things aren’t good between me and Jessica right now, but things hadn’t been going well even before this mess. I’m not trying to give a coup de grace here!”
	Natalia had to laugh at his audacity.
	“You’re not trying to give a coup de grace? You’re serious, Shawn Miller! Do you even believe your own words? I’m telling you, I would have respected you more if you took responsibility and still stood with her, but did you? You didn’t! At the end of the day, you only care about yourself, and you’ve only ever loved yourself. So quit with the act, will you? I feel nothing but disgust. And one last thing, if you’ve chosen her, then take up the responsibility you should as a man, or else I’d just hate you and look down on you more!”
	With that, she turned to leave.
	Shawn had never thought that she’d come down on him so hard.
	His face turned a collection of different colors.
	Finally, he lost his temper and said through clenched teeth, “Natalia! You’ll regret what you’ve said today!”
	Natalia didn’t turn around.
	Shawn was losing his mind with rage.
	His eyes worked as he darted up suddenly and pulled her in place. “Wait. I’ve got a secret. Want to know what it is?”
	Natalia examined him and scoffed. “I don’t care if you’ve got a hundred secrets! Let go!”
	“I mean it! What would it take for you to believe me? Yes, I admit it, I’ve done a lot of wrong before; a lot of things I shouldn’t have. Maybe I hurt you then. But at least right now, I’m genuinely trying to apologize. Why won’t you just give me a chance?”
Chapter 264 A Severe Beating
	A bit of mockery flashed through Natalia’s eyes.
	“You’re genuine? In the past, when Clara and Jessica were banding together to lie and keep me down, you stood by, but now you’re coming over and saying you’re genuine? I’m sorry, but you’re genuinely cheap!”
	“You…”
	“Let go! I’m going in!”
	“Natalia, listen to me…”
	“I said let go!”
	Natalia jerked her hand back, but used too much force and slammed him bodily into the railing.
	Shawn let out a pained grunt. Plenty of onlookers saw the scene and were taken aback.
	“…”
	Natalia blushed slightly.
	Well, it wasn’t good to drink too much, it seems. She couldn’t control her temper and revealed a bit of her abilities without measuring her strength.
	Surrounded by confused looks, she wavered between leaving right away or going over to look.
	Finally, as low murmurs started emerging around her, she made her decision. She was a celebrity now. Even though celebrities were dime a dozen in a place like the Parlour, it wouldn’t be good to have word get out that she was hitting people in public.
	She was thin-skinned and still wanted to save face.
	So she ended up walking back towards Shawn and whispering, “Hey! Stop playing dead and get up.”
	Shawn massaged his belly, where he’d hit the railing, his face scrunching up with pain.
	He staggered up and said through grit teeth, “I’m – I’m fine.”
	His face was pale and his forehead beaded with sweat.
	Natalia looked at his weak posture and found it hard to believe he really was fine.
	She felt a little irritated.
	A grown man getting bowled over like this, and now they couldn’t argue anymore, could they?
	Nothing was broken, right?!
	Shawn looked up at her.
	“No need. My stomach hurts a little. Can you help me to the restroom?”
	Natalia thought about it. She’d just been to the restroom, and it wasn’t far, so she agreed.
	She helped him all the way to the doorway and muttered, “All right. If they’re nothing else, I’m going.”
	With that, she turned to leave. But then Shawn grabbed her and yanked her all the way into the male restroom.
	Natalia wasn’t expecting him to pull her in like this. Her surprise quickly mingled with rage.
	“Have you lost your fucking mind? Hands off!”
	Unable to hold it in, she swore.
	Shawn sneered and crushed her against a cubicle, whispering, “Try calling again? Let’s see how you explain it away when they see you outside!”
	Natalia gritted her teeth.
	This was one bad part about being in entertainment.
	Sometimes, you had to suffer for your reputation and put up with it.
	But she wasn’t someone who put up with things. Since she couldn’t yell, she clapped her hand over Shawn’s mouth, lifted her high heel, and stomped down hard.
	“Nng…”
	Shawn groaned with pain.
	He tried to struggle, but he didn’t know where this woman got her strength from. She pinned her arms behind his back and pressed him against the cubicle door, his face to the wall.
	Then countless fists rained down on the back of his head.
	Natalia had had it up to here!
	Goddamnit! She’d had enough of him already! He just couldn’t take the hint!
	He wanted her to come to him, was that it? Then he could try!
	Having been lied to, Natalia didn’t care about breaking him this time. She just started beating him.
	One hand wasn’t enough, so she took his belt off and tied his hands behind his back, took off his socks and stuffed it in his mouth, then freed her hands and started kicking and punching.
	Some people who’d just come into the restroom heard the noise.
	They’d been a bit shocked and didn’t know what was going on.
	Then they heard the male grunts and female pants and understood.
	Men usually kept quiet about this sort of thing, so they didn’t talk about it. They finished their business and left the restroom.
	Shawn wanted to yell for help, but no one cared.
	Natalia beat him up for over a dozen minutes and finally got tired.
	Panting, she put her arms on her hips, her face red, her forehead getting sweaty.
	As for Shawn, he’d given up on resisting and curled up next to the toilet, head down in a fetal position.
	Still angry, Natalia kicked at him again.
	She snarled, “If it hadn’t been for Mrs. Wright, I’d have hit you a long time ago! You asked for this yourself today. Approach me again, and I’ll cripple you! Hear me?”
	Shawn had been beaten black and blue. Blood was seeping out of his eye. He was close to fainting and didn’t have the strength to reply.
	Finally realizing that she’d probably used too much force, Natalia thought about it and used his phone to send Henry a text.
	“I’ve been attacked. Come to the male restroom and help me.”
	With that sent, she washed her hands and left.
	Natalia was pretty sure that someone as prideful as Shawn would never admit that she was the person who’d beaten him up.
	After all, to everyone else, she was just a weak little girl.
	She’d been weak growing up and didn’t know martial arts, so even if word of her beating him up got out, no one would have believed it.
	It turned out exactly as she’d expected.
	After waking up in hospital the next day, no matter how Henry pressed him for it, Shawn wouldn’t say who it was that had attacked him.
	Henry had been angry to begin with, yelling about calling the police and monitoring him.
	But Shawn had just raised too much of a fuss. Exasperated, Henry gave up.
	Still, Shawn’s grudge against Natalia had dug its roots deep.
	He didn’t understand. How did someone so weak become so powerful all of a sudden?
	He really hadn’t held back in the restroom back then. He had genuinely been struggling.
	But he just couldn’t get loose!
	That woman was a demon!
	Terrifying!
	As scared as he was, Shawn’s hatred also intensified.
	Plenty of people had seen him get carried out of the restroom that day. And all of them were Julio upper crust.
	Everyone know knew that the young master of the Miller family had been beaten up in the toilet. Someone had even let it loose that they’d heard erotic noises coming from the cubicle beforehand. Rumors flew that he’d been peeking on someone in the toilet, or that he’d been seduced and scammed, or he’d done something dirty to get beaten up.
	There was no way Shawn could explain it away!
	He’d pulled Natalia in only to use her feelings for him before to talk her back to his side.
	But it had turned into this!
	Natalia!
	Just thinking of that name brought resentment and hate bubbling up like bile.
	She hated him, then?
	She didn’t want to be with him, then? Then he would force her to!
	One day, he would trample all her pride under his feet and give her a taste of what it meant to make an enemy of him!
Chapter 265 A Chance Encounter at the Airport
	The Wright household.
	The whole Wright mansion was well-lit.
	Mrs. Wright reclined, all smiles, on a sofa in the living room, facing Mr. Kawn, who was all business.
	“Don’t worry, Mr. Kawn! I’ll treat what you’ve tasked me with as my own business.”
	Wilson Kawn chuckled, “Of course I believe you, Mrs. Wright. We’ve investigated for so many years and only just found that that child was probably taken to Julio by human traffickers. Then the leads went dead. For all our work, we had nothing to show for it and could only count on someone else. When it comes to finding people, no one can measure up to the Wright family. I’ve come to Julio personally for this. Only, this are the private affairs of the Kawn family, so I hope you can all keep this secret. Our father has been sick for a long time, and his greatest wish is to find that child. So whether or not you manage to do so, please notify me at once and allow me to confirm it, so the old man doesn’t get his hopes up for nothing.”
	Mrs. Wright nodded.
	“Of course. Please don’t worry, Mr. Kawn. I’ll notify you of any news at once.”
	“If that’s the case, thank you. This is a photo of the child, but it was taken only at a few months old. It might not be of any use.”
	Wilson passed a yellowed old photo over, a bit of regret in his face.
	Mrs. Wright took it and looked it over.
	The photos was over a dozen years old, but other than a bit of yellowing, it had been well-preserved.
	It was clear that the person who owned the photo cherished it greatly.
	Mrs. Wright looked at it for a while and chuckled.
	“You know, children all look pretty much the same, but this child has especially great features. I think it resembles Natalia when she was young.”
	To the side, a middle-aged man hurriedly said, “What are you talking about, Mom? Natalia’s got a mother and father. We even went over to their place when Kiera was bearing her. How could it be related to Miss Kawn?”
	Mrs. Wright laughed it off. “Right, right. I was just saying it.”
	Wilson, though, was interested.
	“You’re talking about the same Natalia who sang in the Parlour the other day?”
	Mrs. Wright nodded. “That’s her.”
	Wilson smiled. “Honestly, the first time I saw her, I thought she looked a lot like Yvonne. I don’t just mean her features, but also the aura and the feeling I get from her gaze. How old is she now?”
	“Twenty-five, I think!”
	“Twenty-five?” Wilson’s face changed.
	If Yvonne was alive, she’d happen to be twenty-four or twenty-five.
	Suddenly growing emotional, he blurted, “You said her mother’s name was Kiera? Did you see this Kiera give birth to her with your own eyes?”
	Mrs. Wright was taken aback.
	She hadn’t been in Julio at the time, so of course she hadn’t seen it personally. She’d only gone to visit Kiera when she was pregnant, and hugged the child a few times after she’d given birth.
	The old lady didn’t have a reply this time.
	As she pondered, a voice came from the doorway. “Of course I saw it with my own eyes.”
	Everyone looked towards the source of the voice. A middle-aged woman walked in.
	Mrs. Wright introduced, “Ah right. This is my daughter-in-law, Penny. Penny, this is Wilson of the Kawn family of Eqitin. You can call him Mr. Kawn.”
	Penny gave a hasty greeting.
	Wilson asked right away, “You saw it personally?”
	Penny smiled faintly. “Yes, Kiera’s mother died early. She had no reliable female friends around her when she was about to give birth. Our families have been friends for generations and I gave birth two years earlier than she did, so I went over to look. It wouldn’t be fake.
	Seeing that she seemed sincere, Wilson was a bit disappointed.
	Mrs. Wright, though, was dubious.
	When Kiera had been in labor, she had been overseas and hadn’t gone, but she’d also sent a servant to ask around and didn’t remember Penny saying that she’d been there.
	Had she remembered things wrong, or had Penny gone there in secret?
	She had her doubts, but she believed that her daughter-in-law wouldn’t lie with something this big.
	So she didn’t say anything.
	Wilson had clearly gotten his hopes dashed, so they chatted with him for a while longer before escorting him out.
	When Wilson had left, Mrs. Wright called out after Penny and asked, “Did you really go over to Kiera’s place when she was giving birth?”
	Penny’s eyes worked subtly.
	Smiling, she confirmed, “Of course I went. Would I lie on that? But I’d been in a rush and the driver hadn’t come back yet, so I’d called a taxi myself.”
	Hearing that, Mrs. Wright nodded.
	That made sense. She didn’t know because Penny didn’t use their own driver.
	Mulling things over, Mrs. Wright headed upstairs. Behind her, Penny dipped her head, a small, mysterious light flashing across her eyes.
	…
	At noon, Natalia saw that it was about time and Archie was arriving, so she packed up her things and rushed to the airport.
	But before she’d reached the airport, she received a text from the man.
	His flight was delayed and he’d probably be late by a couple hours.
	Natalia hadn’t expected it, but since she was out here now, it would be troublesome to head back.
	Thankfully, there was a pretty busy square next to the airport, so she decided to head there and walk around the place while she waited.
	It was twelve sharp at noon, right in time for lunch.
	Natalia had planned to pick up Archie and head to lunch together, but it looked like they wouldn’t make it.
	So she decided to look for a restaurant on her own.
	Unexpectedly, just as she found a restaurant and prepared to go in, she met someone at the doorway.
	Mr. Kawn? What was he doing here?
	Wilson hadn’t expected to bump into her right now either. He smiled, “Oh, Mrs. McCarthy. You’re eating here too?”
	Natalia smiled and nodded. “Yes. You too?”
	“Yes. I’m getting ready to fly back to Eqitin, and it’s lunchtime. I’ve got some time, so I’ll just eat something now.”
	Natalia nodded. There was an awkward silence where she didn’t know what to say, so she got ready to say goodbye and leave.
	Wilson, though, suddenly asked, “Are you alone, Mrs. McCarthy?”
	Natalia nodded again. “I am.”
	“I’m alone too. If you don’t mind, we could eat together.”
	Natalia was a little embarrassed. “Won’t… that disturb you?”
	“No, it’s fine. You sang for me last time and I hadn’t the chance to thank you yet. How about I treat you this time?”
	Natalia didn’t feel up to it and was about to refuse.
	Wilson added, “It’s boring eating by myself. If it’s okay with you, then you can tag along.”
	He’d said this much, so refusing would seem a bit too cold.
	Besides, eating was the same with one person or two.
	So Natalia hesitated, then said, “All right.”
Chapter 266 Looking for Someone
	The restaurant was high end for Julio, but it was clearly not good enough.
	And the standards that Wilson seemed to have made it quite clear that he wasn’t the type of person who’d eat at a place like this. He’d come today either because he was in a hurry or because something special had attracted him.
	Natalia was curious about it, but they didn’t know each other too well, so she didn’t ask about it.
	The two went into the restaurant, chatting as they ate. The atmosphere was quite friendly.
	Still, she didn’t know if she was imagining it or not, but she felt that the way Wilson looked at her wasn’t quite right.
	The passion he was showing wasn’t like someone who’d only met her once or twice at all.
	Natalia put herself on guard as she asked, “Are you in the city on business, Mr. Kawn?”
	Wilson replied, “I’m looking for a person.”
	“Oh? May I ask who you’re looking for?”
	Wilson paused, then chuckled, “An old friend’s child.”
	At that, he didn’t continue. Seeing that he wasn’t willing to say too much about it, Natalia didn’t press him.
	She just laughed it off.
	A new dish came up, and seeing as she was a local of Julio, Natalia introduced, “These pork chops are pretty famous in our city. I don’t know how the tastes over at Eqitin go, but you could give this a try, Mr. Kawn.”
	Wilson looked at the pork chops and stared out into space a little.
	Seeing that, Natalia asked carefully, “Are you all right?”
	Wilson recovered his wits and forced a smile. “I’m fine.”
	Yvonne had loved pork chops too.
	How nice would it be if she was here?
	Natalia didn’t know if she was imagining it, but she kept feeling that this Mr. Kawn seemed a bit down.
	Considering that he was here in Julio looking for someone, maybe he hadn’t found them. Or maybe it was something else.
	This was only their second time meeting, and it wasn’t appropriate to ask too many questions, so Natalia didn’t comment on it.
	After the meal, it was about time. Wilson was heading to the airport to catch a plane and didn’t have a car with him, so Natalia drove him there.
	They chatted for a while longer on the road. Natalia kept it tasteful and didn’t ask about the man’s identity.
	After all, no matter who he was, it didn’t have anything to do with her. She’d just made a friend by chance; that was all.
	At the airport, Natalia texted Archie and told him she was there.
	Archie’s flight was arriving at one fifty. There was still half an hour to spare.
	Either he was worried that a lone girl was waiting for someone here or he wanted to speak to her a while longer, Wilson stayed at Natalia’s side and refused to go in on his own.
	Since he’d gone that far, Natalia didn’t refuse.
	After a while of waiting, Archie emerged.
	The man was in a black suit and grey jacket, looking as refined, dignified and handsome as ever!
	She couldn’t help beaming as she ran up to him.
	“Natalia!”
	From the moment he laid eyes on her, his smile didn’t diminish. Taking her in his arms, he hugged her fiercely.
	“Miss me yet?”
	Natalia’s heart hammered.
	She buried her face in his chest, feeling his heart pound forcefully as well.
	Feeling a warmth in her eyes, her heart suddenly throbbed.
	She forgot everything else for just this moment and circled her arms around his waist, nodding.
	Joy raced up the man’s chest and he took up her face, kissing her hard.
	The kiss dazed Natalia a little, but she still closed her eyes and took in his being with all her senses.
	Imperious, deep, overbearing…
	He wanted her all to himself.
	Standing close by, Wilson was thoroughly embarrassed.
	He’d seen Archie and had been pleasantly surprised, ready to greet him.
	But now…
	The kiss didn’t last long and ended soon enough.
	After all, they were in the airport. It might have been the VIP passage, but there were still plenty of people. He still had to consider her reputation.
	As he’d thought, the moment he loosed his grip, he found her face completely red, like two particularly pretty ripe apples.
	Natalia never imaged that she’d get seduced by this man into kissing him full on the mouth in broad daylight.
	Her prim and proper manners had all been reduced to atoms from sheer longing.
	Only then did she find that some emotions had, perhaps, already been long seeded in her heart. She’d just been unwilling to see it and hid from them, treating them as if they didn’t exist.
	But how could she ignore something that did exist?
	A small seed only needed a bit of nourishment to break through the topsoil and become a great tree.
	And time and distance were excellent nourishment.
	Feeling heated gazes on her back, Natalia lifted her head.
	And then she saw many passersby looking their way. Her face was buried in the man’s chest, so they couldn’t make out her features.
	Even so, from her figure and her aura, anyone could imagine how beautiful she was.
	Gorgeous men and women always drew attention, much less actions as bold as this.
	Natalia’s face went even redder as she swept her hair and blocked her face, afraid she’d get recognized.
	She was a mildly famous actress now, wasn’t she?
	There were enough bad points about that. She couldn’t afford to get a picture snapped and ending up on headlines again tomorrow.
	Looking at the way she was covering her face, Archie chuckled.
	“Getting shy?”
	Natalia shook her head and tugged on his sleeve. “Let’s go!”
	“Yeah.” He paused and didn’t move, raising his hand to cover her face.
	Her face had been small to begin with, so his palm almost blocked it completely.
	Natalia was a bit taken aback. Raising her head, she looked into his glimmering eyes, a gentle smile in them as he murmured, “I missed you too. A lot.”
	Natalia laughed.
	This man, really…
	She’d replied that she missed him, so he had to say the same?
	Was it that serious?
	For some reason, honeyed sweetness emerged from the bottom of her heart, driving into her chest.
	She nodded. “Yeah, I know.”
	Taking his hand, she said, “Come here. I’ve got someone I want to introduce to you.”
	He let her lead him in front of Wilson obediently.
	Natalia was a bit embarrassed that Wilson must have seen all of that, but she’d done it anyway and couldn’t wipe it clean, so she could only act calm.
	“The person I’m picking up is here, Mr. Kawn. Archie, this is a friend of Mrs. Wright’s – Mr. Kawn.”
	Wilson laughed and exclaimed, “How unexpected, Archie! I’d been wondering why you were sticking around Julio so much recently. Turns out you’ve got a girl here.”
	Archie smiled faintly too. “That’s a bit far, Uncle. I didn’t think you’d know Natalia. Looks like I won’t need to introduce you.”
Chapter 267 That’s Not Like Him
	Natalia was bewildered.
	What was going on?
	Looking at her confused expression, Archie rubbed her head pamperingly and explained, “This is Wilson Kawn, second son of the Kawn family of Eqitin. You ought to call him Uncle with me.”
	Natalia’s eyes widened with surprise.
	The Kawn family of Eqitin?
	Wasn’t that… Selena’s family?
	She turned to look at Wilson, who simply smiled gently and nodded. Clearly Archie was telling the truth.
	Natalia’s head buzzed, sensing how tangled the world was.
	Of course. That was why Mrs. Wright and the Miller family had been so respectful to him.
	Wilson chuckled, “So when are you taking her home? I want to tag along.”
	Archie smiled faintly. “Grandma and Grandpa have seen her already. When we’re done with business on this side, we’ll go back after a while.”
	“Great, that’s great!” Wilson nodded repeatedly, quite happy about it. “Seems like the old lady has a happy year ahead of her.”
	With that, he looked at Natalia again, feeling more and more satisfied with her.
	“The McCarthy and Kawn families are longtime friends, kiddo. Archie calls me Uncle, so I can lord it over him, got it? If he bullies you from now on, tell me, and I’ll beat him up for you!”
	Natalie chuckled awkwardly and nodded. “All right. Thanks, Uncle.”
	“Oh!”
	That “Uncle” sent a warm current into Wilson’s chest. He produced a black and gold-tinted card and handed it to her.
	“I’m a rough man and didn’t have the time to prepare any gifts, so take this card. You might be able to use it.”
	Natalie gaped.
	She didn’t know what sort of card this was, but one look at it and she knew it had incredible value. It wasn’t something a normal person could get their hands on.
	She waved it off hurriedly. “No need for that, Uncle, I know you mean well…”
	“Just take it!”
	Archie, on the other hand, straight up took the card and stuffed it into Natalia’s hands.
	“You’re in luck, Natalia. Uncle’s feeling generous today. He used to be called an ironclad miser, you know. If you don’t take it now, it’ll be a waste.”
	Natalia had no words.
	Wilson laughed out loud. “You little brat! Didn’t weasel enough out of me when you were little? Now you’re giving me a bad name out here, eh? Seems like I’ve looked after you for nothing!”
	Archie smiled peaceably and didn’t retort.
	It was clear these two were really close.
	Natalia loosened up and took the card.
	“Thank you, Uncle.”
	Archie asked, “What are you doing in Julio?”
	The moment the topic came up, Wilson’s face darkened.
	“Don’t even bring it up. I said we’ve found that child’s news over here, right? So I came over personally to check it out, but… hmph! They’re trying to mess with the Kawns now, it seems!”
	Hearing the cold in his voice, Archie frowned.
	“How do you mean?”
	Wilson paused, thought of something, then waved it off irritably.
	“Forget it. No need to mention it. Basically, we’ve lost a lead we worked so hard for. That family really thinks us Kawns are all idiots, trying to fake me out with a necklace, saying it’s something Yvonne had before she died. Heh! What a joke, eh? Yvonne’s never had something like that!”
	Natalia’s brow furrowed.
	A necklace?
	She didn’t know why, but she thought of the ruby necklace around her own neck and felt for it under her clothes.
	Wilson didn’t notice her motions and shot a look at the time.
	“All right, I need to board soon. You two go on ahead. Oh, right, Archie. Since you’re in Julio for a while right now, pay attention to any news about that child for me. Your Grandpa Kawn isn’t doing so well, and his life’s wish is to find this child. I don’t want to disappoint him.”
	Archie nodded.
	“All right. I’ll do that.”
	There the three parted.
	After they got in the car, Natalia asked curiously, “That child that Uncle Wilson’s talking about, is that the child that went missing from the Kawn family twenty or so years ago?”
	Archie nodded.
	He paused, then said, “The Kawn family’s never stopped looking for her. Only, there haven’t been too many clues all this time. Maybe they’re gone after having been missing for over twenty years.”
	Natalia blinked.
	“Why do I feel like you’re not too enthusiastic about this? It’s not like you.”
	She knew full well what kind of person Archie McCarthy was.
	He looked cold, but in reality, if he acknowledged someone as one of his people, he usually took their business personally instead of being so cool about it.
	Archie looked at her deeply.
	“Do you still remember what I told you when you asked me about Selena?”
	Natalia started.
	She thought about it and realized.
	“Archie, you…”
	“Yes, I’m just that selfish. I don’t want someone to come back and disturb our little world, and I don’t want any trouble. So I don’t really care whether we can find that child or not.”
	Natalia had to laugh.
	“Why are you like this? They’re raising such a fuss while you’re here talking behind their back.”
	Archie leant over, smiling as he wrapped an arm around her waist.
	He snuggled in close to her face, the tips of their noses touching.
	“Yes, that’s how I am. I don’t care about anything other than you.”
	“Archie…”
	Natalia hadn’t let it go yet, but her lips were already being sealed by his in another entangling kiss. Only when it was over could she take a gasp of fresh air. She held her hands against his shoulders, panting, “But is that really okay?”
	Archie laughed mildly. “You really want a woman to come fight to take your husband, Natalia?”
	Natalia rolled her eyes at him.
	“Maybe they won’t even like you! Quit flattering yourself.”
	Archie chuckled.
	Natalia continued, “Really, though. If you can help them out, do your best to help them out. Look at how frantic they are. If you really have a clue, you shouldn’t stand by.”
	Archie let go of her, fixed up her hair and clothes – which he’d messed up himself – and sat down properly.
	Seriously, he explained, “I understand everything you’re saying, but don’t worry. The Kawn family aren’t as panicked and nervous as they’re acting right now. Uncle Wilson is so anxious to find this child because old man Kawn is sick and about to die and remembered the things he’s sorry for in life. Uncle doesn’t want to let the old man pass with regret, which is why he wants the child found. But the rest of the Kawn family might not feel that way. A house can’t stand without a pillar, after all. The internal affairs of the Kawn family are a complicated mess. In these few years, they’ve divided into different squabbling factions. If that child comes back, she might command some attention in the beginning because the old man’s still here. Once the old man passes on, have you thought about how she would survive in the power struggle of the family?”
Chapter 268 Fortune or Misfortune
	Natalia jolted. She’d never thought that far. She just felt instinctively that having a chance to get back to one’s real family was always a good thing.
	Hearing Archie say this, though, she started thinking that maybe the Kawn family was a dragon’s den, not to be easily intruded upon.
	And it might not be a good thing for the child to return.
	She suddenly recalled Selena again.
	Back then, it was said that Selena had only been adopted by Mrs. Kawn to make up for that child’s disappearance.
	The Kawn family had always treated her as one of their own and raised her properly. It could be said that, if the old man hadn’t gotten sick this time, they wouldn’t have remembered to keep looking for the child.
	And if that child really returned, where would that leave Selena?
	Considering Selena’s personality, she couldn’t possibly not care.
	Thinking of that, Natalia sighed.
	Archie watched her set there, all dazed and sighing.
	He couldn’t help but laugh and pat her head, soothing, “Don’t worry. If a clue comes up, I’ll definitely tell them. I’m just reminding you not to be too optimistic about this. That child’s been missing for over twenty years now. Other than the first couple years where they devoted everything into searching for her, the Kawn family haven’t really moved these past dozen or so years. Up until now, when the old man’s health is failing, they restarted their search. I don’t need to explain the intricacies behind it all, since I’m sure you get it. It’s hard to say if it’ll be fortune or misfortune for this child to go back to the Kawn family as well.”
	Natalia nodded.
	Of course she understood that, having produced no results after the search, the family had tired themselves out and given up.
	Now that the old man was sick, looking back, he felt he owed this child something.
	Everyone didn’t want to let the old man go with regret in his heart, so they were giving it their all to find the child.
	In other words, this child was just a tool for them to get into the old man’s good books.
	After all, who knows how much conflicts of interest over his inheritance surrounded the old man’s death.
	With the old man dead and the tool now stripped of its purpose, nobody could tell how they were going to deal with the child.
	Thinking of that, she felt a surge of sorrow.
	Seeing her low mood, Archie felt that wasn’t the best topic to linger on, so he stopped and changed the subject.
	As the two chatted, they drove home.
	Knowing that they were coming back, Mrs. Dottie had prepared a rich afternoon tea.
	Having eaten, Archie didn’t head to the office in the afternoon and stayed at home with Natalia.
	Anne’s body had gone through checkup and was apparently fine, even better than before.
	All in all, she was getting better.
	Natalia relaxed after hearing that.
	In the evening, the police sent word, saying that they’d found out what happened five years ago.
	Even though Clara hadn’t confessed yet, Aleena had broken under interrogation.
	The pictures of the brakes that Natalia had submitted, alongside the testimony of the repair shop worker back then, had had a great effect as well.
	The truth was close to what Natalia had guessed. Back then, Kiera had caught Philip and Aleena in flagrante delicto, and realized they had an eighteen-year-old daughter.
	In her anger, she wanted the Hawkins stock back, so she brought up divorce with Philip.
	But with a family from the farmlands who’d relied all on the Hawkins to get to this point, how would Philip and gang agree to it?
	That day, under his gentle words, her mother had held down her rage, while Philip had promised an ideal solution. Then he’d gone right around and sent people to tamper with her car.
	To rise to the place of Mrs. Dawson, Aleena had driven her own vehicle and slammed into Kiera’s car on the bridge.
	Kiera had flipped over the railing along with her car and fell into the water. The car was destroyed; her life ended.
	Natalia listened to the police report in silence. She’d thought she’d be enraged, but she was unexpectedly calm.
	After all, it had been six years since then.
	And she’d long since known the truth before this. She’d just never had the proof.
	Only now did she realize that, no matter how horrific, how hurtful some things were, their immediate impact would fade over time, leaving you calm, with only an endless weight and sorrow.
	As for how to deal with the Dawson family, Natalia didn’t have an opinion and left them to be prosecuted by the law.
	Archie didn’t comment on that.
	That approach was soon reported down the chain of command.
	Philip was sentenced to death on account of murder, and so was Aleena. Since Clara hadn’t done anything and only orchestrated things behind the scenes, taking her age into consideration, they only sentenced her to life in prison. But for her age, life in prison was essentially a death sentence.
	After the report came through, Jessica’s future was basically ruined.
	She’d been young then and hadn’t been involved in the incident. The most they could say about her was that she’d kept it to herself, so they couldn’t put her in prison.
	But the power of public discussion was great. She had murderers for parents and such a vicious grandmother.
	Add to that what she’d done to Natalia, there was enough there to bury her!
	Besides, she still needed to cooperate with the investigation into Natalia’s kidnapping.
	But during the investigation, Jessica still claimed that she’d been kidnapped as well.
	The investigation revealed that she’d been telling the truth.
	Natalia also knew that Jessica had been kidnapped back then, but not who’d done it.
	The police were unable to turn up any clues, so it had ended up a cold case.
	It was a good thing nobody got hurt, so the results were still optimistic.
	After Clara, Philip and Aleena were locked up, the board gave an executive decision over the inheritance of the Dawson Group.
	They all recommended that Natalia become the heir.
	Natalia had been Hawkins to begin with. Since Kiera was her biological mother, it made sense to have her inherit the property.
	And with something like this having happened with Jessica, she’d naturally lost the right to compete for the company’s ownership, so the only logical heir was Natalia.
	But Natalia wasn’t too interested in the idea. Even though Dawson had started off as Hawkins, she didn’t have much interest in the company before her mother’s death, so she’d never gotten involved.
	And with all the work Philip had put into getting it there, Dawson was not the Hawkins of old anyway.
	Even if she took over, she was just giving herself more trouble.
	Having gone through so much, the Dawson stock had dropped excessively. This was just a scrapheap now. Whoever took it over would be taking over a huge headache.
	Luckily, the Millers had invested plenty of money into the Dawson Group, so they meant to buy it up. Natalia didn’t stop them.
	After discussing it, the two parties signed an agreement to a suitable price, and the incident drew to a close.
Chapter 269 Creating a Person
	Time flew by.
	In the blink of an eye, a month had passed.
	“Strategies for Cannon Fodder” had met with exceptional reception as it aired. It was a web series, but it had started a wave of discussion online, and seemed set to break through genre circles.
	As the lead actors, Natalia and Mac were busy running around doing advertisements and activities. Their feet didn’t even have time to touch the ground.
	Seeing she was so busy, Archie was afraid she’d get too tired, so he passed all the PR work for Annie International to another assistant manager under her.
	Natalia didn’t have an opinion on that. She wasn’t superhuman, after all. She only had one brain and one pair of hands, so it was impossible for her to take care of so many things at once.
	Besides, she hadn’t liked performing or stagecraft before, only feeling uncomfortable at being stared at like a rare animal in a cage.
	But after getting settled in after a while, she’d grown used to it. Not just that, there were times where she was starting to enjoy it.
	Not just Annie International, but she was also leaving almost all the work for Star Entertainment to Elsa.
	Archie didn’t stop her full advance into the entertainment industry.
	But sometimes, deep in the night when they were lying in bed, he’d give her some jealous orders.
	No kiss scenes, no bed scenes, no intimacy, no emotional scenes with male actors at all!
	Natalia didn’t know whether to get mad and laugh at his actions.
	She couldn’t argue with him, though. If she wanted to talk about respecting her occupation, he could show her some respect right there that night.
	An unspoken rule began to appear in the business soon afterwards.
	A certain up-and-coming actress’ husband had set rules for her to take nothing romantic, no kisses, no intimacy. If she took the role, the whole show would get cancelled.
	Naturally, everyone knew who that person was, but then again, Archie had long since gone public with his relationship to Natalia.
	So aside from teasing them a little bit, people didn’t take it seriously.
	Natalia’s head hurt at how possessive the man was, but she didn’t really need shows with those elements in them anyway. After all, it depended on the script. If it was needed, it would be there; if it wasn’t needed or required, that was fine.
	Besides, with the internet cleanup movement that was affecting the whole country right now, even dramas were shot in a purer manner. Except for certain artistic pieces, normal kiss scenes could be accomplished just by staging.
	The days passed in a busied peace.
	In the middle of the year, Archie took Natalia with him back to Eqitin, planning to formally introduce her.
	Annie International was based in Eqitin. As a sister company, Star Entertainment had moved here too after some discussion.
	Natalia didn’t pine for Julio. She could live well no matter which city she was in.
	Not to mention that the head of McCarthy Properties was also in Eqitin. No matter how things went, Archie was a shot-caller of the company and it was easier to work from this end. So Natalia had stayed in Eqitin with him.
	No one was happier with that decision than Anne herself.
	Archie had a house in Eqitin called Pinewood Manor. He’d bought it specifically for Natalia.
	Anne was yelling every day that she wanted to move over from the McCarthy family home, but Archie had stopped her every time.
	She didn’t understand, and every time the driver took her back, she’d been inconsolable.
	Until one time, Archie gave it to her straight.
	“Do you want a little brother? If you want one, be a good girl and go back. After a while, Daddy and Mommy will give you a little brother to play with.”
	Hearing that, Anne was overjoyed.
	“Really? I can have a little brother to play with?”
	“Yes, really.”
	So fro that day forth, for a whole week, Anne didn’t come over to disturb them.
	Finally getting to have their own little world to themselves, big boss McCarthy was quite satisfied.
	Afterwards, he just had to convince his wife to start making a little person.
	Unfortunately, Natalia was really busy.
	Anne wasn’t here, but neither was Natalia. She was so busy she was spending every day with the cast.
	Big boss McCarthy was mad about it, but looking at the way Natalia was fighting hard for her dreams, he couldn’t stay mad.
	One afternoon, Natalia received an invitation to attend an event in the evening, at the largest sports center in the Eqitin city center.
	It was a charity night for celebrities. There was charity, was, but it was also to attract attention and views and generate positive comments. So it was an all-star night, and the largest star there was undoubtedly Tim Crusoe.
	Tim Crusoe was thirty this year and had been in the business for ten years. He’d acted in countless roles, a handsome rogue who also acted well.
	He’d also been a small-time actor in his early years, but he’d gotten in a car accident before, causing slight disfigurement on his face and causing him to disappear for a while.
	Later, though, with surgery, he hadn’t just gotten his looks back but also improved his acting skills a great deal. His whole personhood emanated maturity and reliable charm.
	Years ago, he shot his way to blockbuster stardom after a particularly successful movie. His fanboys and fangirls were uncountable, and he was currently the most popular actor by a long shot.
	Natalia appreciated him as well. She’d seen his movies before, and his acting was insanely good.
	So knowing that she’d be meeting him tonight, she was actually looking forward to it a little.
	Superstars were everywhere on the scene, and many fans of many different stars were outside. Most, though, were fans of Tim.
	Natalia arrived and planned to walk quietly down the red carpet. If she had the chance, she wanted to get close to some of her idols and have them give her a signature or something.
	However, the moment she stepped out, she heard screams.
	She turned and saw her own name being waved around desperately by a group of fans. Even though it was just a small group in a sea of people, she was still overjoyed.
	She waved it them, which made them even more excited.
	Ah! What a cute bunch of angels. She’d never thought such a day would come for her.
	She didn’t know that, ever since “Strategies for Cannon Fodder” went online, it had swept across most major video hosting websites in just a few short months.
	Videos of her were all over the internet, on Twitter, on Discord spaces, on friend groups, everywhere.
	She’d been reposted and viewed over a hundred million times!
	Natalia didn’t go online often, so she didn’t know her show had already reached that kind of popularity. It was just moving to her seeing so many people support her.
	After walking the red carpet, it was time for the dinner party.
	It wasn’t just movie stars on the scene but also a lot of upper class socialites. Natalia didn’t have too much interest in a dinner party like this, so she’d stayed in a corner and ate snacks.
	At that moment, a familiar voice rang out.
	“Natalia.”
	She turned to look. It was Laura.
	“You’re here too?” She stood up hurriedly.
	Her dress was a little messed up from her sitting stance, and she patted it down embarrassedly. “I was a bit hungry. Sorry for looking like this.”
	Laura smiled faintly. “You haven’t had dinner?”
	“Er…” She’d rushed here and really hadn’t eaten yet!
Chapter 270 Chasing Stars
	Laura chuckled. “This sort of activity lasts for hours. From now on, it’s best to remember to eat before showing up. Otherwise, if the tabloids get ahold of you, it might end up as another black mark in your history.”
	Saying that, she pointed at a few reporters not for in the distance clutching their cameras.
	Natalia agreed, but didn’t think much of it.
	Celebrities were people too. They got tired and hungry. What was wrong with eating?
	Back when she was in the PR business, she hated those tabloids who made a big deal out of nothing. They could make peanuts into headline news.
	To be sure, some celebrities needed a bit of exaggerated drama to boost their popularity, but if it was negative, most celebrities probably didn’t want that sort of publicity.
	But she didn’t care.
	After all, acting was just her passion right now. She liked it for the moment, but it didn’t mean she’d like it going forward. She’d go wherever she felt like going. Without a large goal she’d set for herself, she didn’t mind at all.
	Seeing her carefree look, Laura smiled and mostly understood her meaning. “Then I’ll head over first! Oh, right. Mr. Crusoe is over there. Want to go greet him?”
	Tim Crusoe?
	Natalia’s eyes lit up.
	Following the direction of Laura’s pointing finger, she saw Tim Crusoe surrounded by a large mob and hastily shook her head.
	“Never mind, I’ll pass. You can go yourself!”
	“All right, I’ll go, then.”
	Laura left Natalia there to curl up on her chair and eat.
	Even though she’d wanted to see what Tim Crusoe looked like in person, with that many people around, forget it!
	She didn’t know what to say if she met him anyway, so might as well skip out on seeing him so she didn’t ruin the perfect image she had of her.
	After a while, she’d finally eaten her fill.
	Her stomach hurt a little, and she needed to go.
	So she headed to the restroom alone.
	Nathan had come as well tonight. They were supposed to have come together, but Natalia had been too tired lately and didn’t want to attend to any more people, so they’d parted ways.
	Unexpectedly, after dealing with important figure after important figure, she was nowhere to be found when he came back. Only a few empty plates stood where she’d been staying, and he shook his head, bemused.
	Relationships and connections were an important part of the entertainment business. Tonight might have looked like a charity dinner, but there were plenty of deals happening in the shadows!
	With Natalia’s personality of not caring about anything, it was a mystery how she’d made it this far.
	But, considering who she had at her back, Nathan relaxed.
	So what if she didn’t like dealing with people? With that man supporting her, what kind of resources were out of her reach?
	Considering that, Nathan stopped fretting and let her go.
	In the restroom.
	Natalia just got done relieving herself and came out, hearing a gaggle of girls in the corner discussing Tim Crusoe.
	They were fans who’d blended their way in with their familial connections, all here to see Tim.
	Because they hadn’t managed to get into the banquet hall, they waited around in the toilets.
	Natalia had to chuckle.
	She thought they’d probably be disappointed. By accident, she’d heard that Tim was supposed to fly elsewhere that night, so he was just here to make an appearance and was going to leave soon.
	But she didn’t butt in and remind them. Done with her business, she left right away.
	After sticking around for a while, she found it boring, so she texted Nathan about it and decided to leave first.
	The driver was waiting for her outside.
	Natalia walked out and suddenly heard a chorus of excited shrieks.
	“Tim Crusoe is coming out!”
	“Time! I love you!”
	“Ahh-! It really is him!”
	“…”
	Countless screeches halted Natalia in her tracks as she beheld the man with brimming star power emerge from the doorway, escorted by a band of bodyguards.
	He smiled at the screaming fans, which made them scream some more!
	The fans flowed towards him in a tidal wave. Despite the bodyguards’ best efforts to stop them, they still tried to squeeze towards his car.
	Tim Crusoe walked over to his car and didn’t rush to get on. Instead, he turned to command his bodyguards, “Go over there and watch out for accidents so that everyone can get home safe.”
	The bodyguards nodded and turned to relay their orders to the rest of them.
	Everyone started cheering again.
	Oh em gee, their idol was concerned about them!!!!
	Natalia took out her phone and hurriedly snapped a few photos.
	Her car wasn’t far away from Tim’s; about five or six meters away, so she’d gotten a good, clear shot.
	This was an excellent chance. She might not have been able to speak face to face with her idol, but at least she could take a high-definition photograph!
	Just the right time to get back home and switch the photo she’d set as her desktop background.
	At that moment, a wispy voice sounded behind her.
	“Can you send me a copy of that picture, young lady?”
	Natalia blinked, turned around, and saw a white-haired old lady standing there.
	The old woman was in her sixties. She wore a dark red suit with classic-looking gold-rimmed glasses, and a gentle smile hung on her face.
	Natalia hastily said, “Of course.”
	Internally, she exclaimed how great it was to still chase after celebrities at this age! What a diehard fan!
	With Tim Crusoe gone, Natalia turned around and said, “Here’s my Twitter account. I’ll send you the picture.”
	The old woman beamed. “Sure.”
	She took out her phone, sent her Twitter details, and the two friended each other. Natalia send her the two photos she’d just snapped.
	Seeing that her Twitter tag was “@TimCrusoesBigBaby”, Natalia’s lips twitched.
	Old people really knew how to play around these days!
	The old woman received the photos and grew overjoyed, like a three-year-old with candy.
	“Thank you, young lady.”
	Natalia waved it off hastily. “No need for that, it was a simple thing.”
	“You’re a star too, right, young lady!”
	“Err… yes.” She smiled a little awkwardly.
	“You’re so pretty. If my grandson’s wife was as pretty as you, that’d be great!”
	Natalia was finding this old woman more and more interesting as she rambled on and laughed, “I’m sure your granddaughter-in-law is prettier than I am.”
	“Don’t be so sure.” The old lady shook her head and her eyes suddenly gleamed. “What’s your name, young lady? What do you do? Act? Sing? I’ll follow you.”
	“…”
	Is it that easy to get into someone, old timer?!
	But she didn’t have the heart to refuse. She told the old lady her name and let her follow her online.
	The old woman smiled with satisfaction and said, “You’re such a nice person, young lady. I’m sure you’ll make a name for yourself.”
	Natalia had to laugh. “As you say, ma’am.”
	The woman strolled away in a slow pace.
	Natalia didn’t linger. She got in her car, which rolled off.
	At the same time, a middle-aged man led a group of frantic-looking bodyguards out of the avenue, searching with sharp-eyed expressions amongst the crowd.
	When he finally saw the old woman tottering slowly towards their direction, the man’s face instantly lit up as he ran over to her.
	“Mom! Where did you go? We’ve been worried sick, you know!”
	“Why did you run off on your own, madam? We were so shocked when we turned around and didn’t see you there!”
Chapter 271 That Boy from The McCarthy Family
	The old lady looked at them grimly.
	“I'm not a prisoner! Is it necessary to guard me like this? I just wanted to take a picture.”
	“If you want to see Tim Crusoe, I can contact him and have him come to the hotel,” said the middle-aged man, frowning, “Why did you have to come here to see him? And you even took pictures of him? If people know that Mrs. Stevenson has done things like this, your reputation will be ruined.”
	The old lady got a little angry.
	“What did I do? I didn't break the law. Why would my reputation be destroyed? And a fan will never just call her idol to come and meet,” she snorted, “Forget it! I don't want to talk to you anymore. You wouldn't understand. You're as rigid as your old man!”
	“Dad will be very mad if he finds out you were out seeing Tim Crusoe.”
	The old lady's expression changed slightly.
	“So what? Are you going to snitch on me? Are you my son or not?”
	She hit him angrily.
	The middle-aged man laughed and said in a soft tone, “Yes, it's all my fault. I shouldn't have brought you here in the first place. But after so many years, this is our first time to come back home. None of us are familiar with the environment here. We were afraid something would happen to you. If I were not so concerned about your safety, I would not be so worried.”
	“Hmm!”
	The old lady ignored him. She turned around and walked down the VIP aisle, escorted by a group of bodyguards.
	Natalia didn't know what was going on behind her.
	When she got home, she took a shower and called Victoria. When she heard everything was all right, she hung up the phone happily.
	At this point, in an antique hotel.
	Mrs. Stevenson entered the room and found the sullen old man sitting on the couch in the living room.
	She walked in with a smile and asked, “What are you doing here? It’s getting late. Have you had your dinner?”
	He ignored her and sat gloomily.
	The old lady wondered if he knew.
	She took out her phone and send a message to her son.
	Two minutes later, she got a text. It turned out that the old man already knew. He was so angry that he didn't eat dinner and lost his temper!
	The old lady put away her phone and said nothing.
	Silently, she went to the kitchen and asked a servant to prepare a meal. Then she brought it to him herself.
	“How can you skip dinner? Come and eat!”
	The old man on the couch grunted. He turned away and refused to eat.
	The old lady looked at him, trying not to get angry. She continued to coax him, “Sweetie, if you don't eat, you'll have a stomachache at night. Stop messing with me and eat.”
	“Well, I’m not as reckless as you! You went out to see a man in the middle of the night, and you even tricked Robert to take you there! Am I nothing to you now?”
	Her expression changed slightly.
	She tried very hard not to lose her temper.
	“Ok, ok, I was wrong. I shouldn't have gone to see him. Now, will you eat first?”
	“No!”
	“Just take a bite.”
	“No!”
	“...”
	The old lady put the medicine on the table and went upstairs.
	The old man was stunned and asked promptly, “Where are you going?”
	The old lady said sullenly, “I’m going to my bed! I've been out all day and I’m exhausted.”
	“But I haven't eaten yet!”
	“Then just eat!”
	The expression of the old man shifted for a couple of times.
	And finally, he acted like he was quite aggrieved and said, “You promised me not to see that man again!”
	“...”
	The sad look softened her tone and she said gently, “Ok, ok. I said I’m sorry. I was bored at home so I wanted to go out for a walk. I was there by coincidence. I did not mean to go there.”
	“If you’re bored, you can go out with me any time. But why did you go without me? Huh, you went there on purpose!”
	“I...”
	Her husband’s words gave her headache. Suddenly, she came up with an idea.
	She said mysteriously, “Actually, I didn’t go there to see Timmy...”
	“You called him Timmy!!!”
	Now he was really mad at her.
	“...I didn’t go there to see Tim. I went there to find our grandson a wife, our granddaughter-in-law!”
	When she mentioned granddaughter-in-law, the old man's attention was immediately diverted.
	“A granddaughter-in-law?”
	“Yes!” the old lady quickly took out the phone and show him a picture “look, isn’t she gorgeous! She looks even better than her pictures. The children of her and our Charlie will be even prettier.”
	The old man looked at the picture for a moment and said, “She's not as pretty as you were when you were young.”
	“Nonsense!”, said the old lady shyly, “I wasn't that pretty.”
	“To me, you are the most beautiful girl in the world.”
	Right now, Robert has just come in and was a little embarrassed to hear this.
	He was worried that his dad would get mad at his mom, which was why he came by. Now it looked like he was overthinking it.
	When the lady saw him, she immediately shouted, “Robert, come over here!”
	Robert had to do what she said.
	“How’s this girl? Is she pretty?”
	She raised her phone to show him the photo.
	Robert took a look and commented, “Yes, she is pretty.”
	“Right?” she was extremely happy to hear that, as if she was the one that was complimented, and she asked, “How about introducing her to Charlie?”
	Robert raised his eyebrows.
	He found it rather amusing.
	After all, his parents were not young any more. Although the old lady had always been a fan of some celebrities, she was not so aware of the news on the Internet like young people.
	He looked at the them with a smile on his face and asked, “Do you really like her so much?”
	“Yes!”
	The old lady was excited and looked at the picture with satisfaction.
	“I think she's very pretty and nice. Charlie is not a talkative person and she is outgoing. They can make a good balance.”
	Robert laughed even harder.
	“Ok. I happen to know her. Do you want me to introduce her to you?”
	“Really?” asked the old lady happily.
	“Of course. But just because I'm okay with it doesn't mean everyone else is. If the boy from the McCarthy family comes after you with a knife, don't say I didn't warn you.”
	His parents froze.
	“The boy from McCarthy family? Archie? It’s none of his business!”
	“None of his business? That girl is his wife, and you want her to be your granddaughter-in-law. Still think it's none of his business?”
	They were both speechless.
Chapter 272 Coincidence
	Of course, they were disappointed.
	But since Robert said she was Archie's wife, they couldn't say anything else.
	The old lady sighed with regret.
	“How come those nice girls are either not into Charlie or already married? If this keeps happening, I don’t know when he is going to get married and have kids!”
	Robert comforted her and said, “Mom, don't worry too much. Charlie has just come back home. You shouldn't push him too hard.”
	She knew he was right, but she just could not help herself.
	She thought for a moment and sighed. She finally dropped this conversation.
	That night, Natalia went back and told Archie about the old lady she met outside the stadium.
	Archie was interested in this kind of things before. But seeing her high spirit, he also became a little interested.
	“You know what?” Natalia says cheerfully, remembering her conversation with Victoria on the phone during the daytime, “Victoria is going to give birth to her baby!”
	Archie raised an eyebrow.
	What would he care about Victoria's baby?
	Natalia did the math and said, “One month later, her baby will come! As the child’s godmother, I want to go to Mrs. McCarthy to stay with Victoria. Are you coming with me?”
	Archie frowned and refused without even thinking about it, “I'm not going.”
	Natalia replied immediately, “No, you have to go! If I am the godmother, then you are the godfather. You must come with me.”
	“…”
	He grinned and said, “I don't want to be a godfather. I only want to be an actual father.”
	Natalia was stunned for a few seconds and realized what he meant.
	She blushed with shame. She looked around to make sure no one was around and said to him, “Nonsense!”
	“Nonsense? We are a couple. It’s more than natural for us to make babies.”
	As he spoke, Archie took her in his arms.
	Natalia’s got even redder.
	Then, a maid came and said, “Sorry to bother you, but you have some visitors. Mrs. McCarthy would like you to come over.”
	Natalia was startled and pushed Archie away.
	She saw the maid look down as if she did not see what they had been doing. But her smile gave her away.
	Natalia felt more ashamed.
	Archie didn’t think it was such a big deal. He waved his hand and answered, “We’ll be there in a second.”
	“Ok.”
	When the maid left, Natalia sat up and complained, “It's all your fault. That was so embarrassing!”
	He was calm as usual. He tidied up his clothes and laughed, “Why are you awkward in your own home?”
	Natalia didn't want to continue the conversation, “Fine. Grandma wants to see us. Let's go.”
	The McCarthy family was not a big family. Archie was the only grandchild of Mrs. McCarthy. In addition, Archie's parents passed away early. Their house seemed to be even more lonely.
	The grandparents were old and the grandfather was not in good health. Archie wasn’t fond of socializing and he was often busy working, which was why he didn’t spend much time in the McCarthy Mansion. Therefore, his grandmother normally didn’t welcome visitors and he didn't know who were coming today.
	Out of curiosity, Natalia followed Archie to the vestibule.
	The vestibule was bustling. On the luxurious couch sat a middle-aged man and a gray-haired old lady, both with their backs to her.
	The old lady's hands were held by Mrs. McCarthy. They were talking something, and Mrs. McCarthy's looked very touched.
	Servants were standing by, waiting on her orders, which she did not usually like before. That showed how important those guests were.
	Archie took Natalia’s hand and came forward.
	“Grandma.”
	“Archie and Natalia are here?”
	Mrs. McCarthy looked up and smiled as she sat them down.
	“Come, let me introduce you to Mrs. Stevenson, of whom I have told you so many times. And this is your Uncle Robert. Mr. Stevenson is now playing chess with your grandfather in the tea room.”
	Then, she held Natalia and Archie and introduced them to Mrs. Stevenson.
	“This is my grandson Archie and this is my granddaughter-in-law Natalia.”
	Mrs. Stevenson and Natalia both stared at each other in shock.
	“Madame, it’s you!”
	“Little girl, it’s you!”
	Everyone else was confused.
	Did these two know each other before?
	Natalia finally knew what was going on.
	Archie also realized that Mrs. Stevenson was probably the same funny granny Natalia told him about the night before.
	Only Old Mrs. McCarthy did not understand the situation. Seeing them all laughing, she asked hurriedly, “What's going on? Natalia, have you met Mrs. Stevenson before?”
	Natalia nodded and told them the whole story.
	Hearing this, Mrs. McCarthy burst into laughter.
	The two old ladies were best friends when they were young. Decades ago, the Stevenson family was one of the top families in Ambario. But then Mr. Stevenson decided there was more potential in overseas markets and moved his family abroad. After that, fewer people knew about them.
	However, it did not affect the relationship between the two ladies. In these years, though they did not have much time to get together, Mrs. McCarthy would hang out with Mrs. Stevenson whenever she went to Othua.
	This was the first time the Stevenson family had returned to Ambario in 20 years.
	It was said that they came back for the Stevenson family's youngest grandson.
	Back then, Robert and his wife divorced. But the Stevenson family didn't know she was pregnant until the divorce was complete.
	But she was gone. Although the Stevenson family were searching for her, she never agreed to meet.
	After years of avoidance, the two sides gradually lost contact.
	But about six months ago, Robert's ex-wife became seriously ill. On her deathbed, she told her child the truth and informed the Stevenson family.
	This time, the Stevenson family went back to get familiar with the environment where the child lived and grew up. They also wanted to cultivate a good relationship with him.
	Mrs. McCarthy was deeply moved.
	“You're lucky,” she said, “At least the boy was found, and he’s willing to accept you. The Kawn family hasn't found their child yet. Yesterday I went to their house. They are in misery.”
Chapter 273 The War
	Mrs. Stevenson frowned.
	“Didn't they give up the search years ago? Why are they looking for the child again?”
	Mrs. McCarthy shrugged her shoulders.
	“Don't mention it. I don't think there is much time left for Kawn. Maybe he didn't want to die with regrets.”
	Mrs. Stevenson frowned at the speech.
	The subject was so sad that everyone was speechless for a moment.
	Finally, it was Natalia who broke the ice.
	“I think everything should be ready now. Grandma, I'm going to check in the kitchen.”
	Mrs. McCarthy nodded.
	At lunchtime, the Kawn family heard that the Stevensons were back and came to meet them.
	Mr. Kawn was unable to come due to medical reasons. So, Wilson brought a couple of juniors to say hello, and Selena was the only girl among them.
	Even Faye, who rarely returned to the McCarthy Mansion, was back.
	As soon as she entered the room, she began to chat loudly with Selena and Mrs. Stevenson.
	Old Mrs. McCarthy gave birth to two children in her lifetime, and her son died young.
	She was supposed to be nicer to her only daughter, but she didn't like the way she behaved. So, they weren't very close.
	Everyone stayed for lunch together.
	There were many dishes and all kinds of cuisines on the table. Faye together with the old lady helped the guests take their seats.
	When choosing a seat, Faye pulled Selena into the seat next to Archie.
	“Archie, it's been so long since you've been back to Eqitin. We all miss you. Including Selena. You've been quite busy lately. You two are old friends, but it's been a while since the last time you two sat down and talked to each other. Do you mind if I give you a chance to talk today?”
	She looked at Natalia defiantly.
	Everyone else at the table was awkward.
	Natalia was about to talk when Old Mrs. McCarthy said angrily, “Faye, what are you doing? If you want Selena to sit there, where's Natalia supposed to sit?”
	Faye smirked.
	“Natalia can sit next to me. I haven't talked to her in a while.”
	“Nonsense!”
	The old lady was going to lose her temper. The Kawn family and the McCarthy family had been friends for a long time. There was no need to hurt the friendship over such a small thing on such an occasion.
	Considering that there were other members of the Kawn family present, Natalia smiled and said, “Grandma, it's ok. I heard that Archie and Miss Kawn went to high school together. It's nice for them to have a chance to catch up. I'll just sit here.”
	She quickly sat down on Archie's left.
	Old Mrs. McCarthy finally calmed down.
	And Old Mrs. Kawn was embarrassed, but she just smiled shyly.
	“Mrs. McCarthy, I have really spoiled the kid.”
	Old Mrs. McCarthy knew better than to say anything more and just smiled politely.
	“It’s ok. They are classmates.”
	The matter was put behind and the lunch began.
	During the lunch, Selena was a little shy, but she kept talking to Archie.
	Archie had been a little cold, but Selena was too persistent.
	If he didn’t respond to the topic she brought up, she'd say another.
	Faye and Mrs. Kawn family also helped her continue their conversation.
	Everyone could tell what was going on, not to mention Archie.
	Mrs. McCarthy frowned. But her husband didn't notice anything. He had never paid much attention to their love affairs. He just felt that there was something strange about the atmosphere among the young today, but he didn't think too much of it.
	Mrs. Stevenson, on the other hand, was somewhat indignant.
	What was this McCarthy boy thinking?
	He was already married to such a beautiful girl and he was still hitting on another woman.
	And what’s wrong with the Kawn family?
	That girl went to their house to have lunch and was still acting so intimate with the hostess’s husband. Did she have no manners at all?
	She blamed herself for finding her grandson too late.
	If she had done that earlier, her grandson might have a chance with Natalia and Natalia wouldn’t have to suffer.
	Mrs. Stevenson comforted Natalia and said, “Natalia, this fish is really good. Try some!”
	Natalia was flattered, “You’re being too kind. Thank you.”
	“It’s nothing. Your grandma and I have been friends for decades. I already regard this place as my home. I hope you wouldn’t mind that.”
	“Of course not!”
	After their conversation, Natalia turned around and saw Selena saying something to Archie.
	They seemed to be very intimate. Her whole body was leaning on him.
	The loose neck of her sweater exposed her soft skin. People who didn’t know the truth would think they were a cute couple.
	Noticing that Natalia was looking, Selena smiled at her, “Natalia, I heard you like sea squirts. You should have some more.”
	She put one on Natalia’s plate.
	Natalia raised her eyebrow.
	She didn't know where Selena heard she liked sea squirts, but she was actually allergic to seafood and had never eaten them before.
	She was about to refuse when a woman sitting opposite her said with a smile, “Try some. I heard you grew up in Julio? It's not far from the sea, but technically it's still an inner city. It's not really easy to get good sea squirts there.”
	“Yes, Selena brought them for you. If you like these, Selena can get you some every once in a while.”
	Natalia suddenly didn’t want to refuse.
	She grinned.
	“That’s great,” she put aside the sea squirt and said, “Thank you, Miss Kawn. I’ll try it when it cooled down.”
	Selena didn’t say anything more and turned back to Archie.
	But she did most of the talking and Archie would occasionally say yes.
	“By the way, my brother will be back today, you know?”
	This time, Archie finally responded. He looked up at her and said, “I know.”
	“He must have contacted you, didn't he? You two are close. I'm sure he'll tell you when he gets back,” Selena thought for a while and said, “He and Stephen are going to Hitz-Hardon tonight. Before I came here, he called and asked me to come over later. Shall we go together?”
Chapter 274 The Scandal
	Archie frowned.
	“I don’t have time for that.”
	“It's going to be quite late after this. Do you have anything else to do?”
	Archie didn't answer her this time.
	Natalia didn't eat much and was full soon.
	When the lunch was over, Selena pointed at the untouched sea squirt on Natalia’s plate and said, “Natalia, you forgot to eat this.”
	Natalia rubbed her belly and smiled, “Sorry, but I’m too full.”
	And she put that on Archie’s plate.
	“Honey, will you eat this? Miss Kawn came all the way to bring us this. Don’t waste it.”
	Archie nodded and said ok.
	Selena froze.
	Faye wanted to say something but didn’t dare because Old Mrs. McCarthy was staring at her.
	Natalia was finally satisfied.
	After the meal, Archie went to the study to talk to his grandfather. The old lady was chatting with a group of women in the living room when Natalia's phone rang and she went outside to answer it.
	It was Iris.
	Although she was no longer in charge of the affairs of Annie International, she still retained her position. If there was any problem, they could still ask her to help.
	Everyone knew she was the boss's wife and was willing to listen to her.
	Iris said, “Natalia, now we have a complicated case that we can't handle on our own. Would you mind helping me?”
	Natalia nodded, “Go ahead.”
	Then Iris told her the whole story.
	This time, it was about an artist named Maxwell Cohen, who worked for Annie International.
	She didn't know Maxwell, but she had seen him.
	He became well-known these two years.
	He had five million followers on Twitter and was on a couple of period dramas. He was quite handsome but his acting was pretty bad.
	She didn’t know much about him. She only knew that his fans were always fighting with others on Twitter.
	And this man was always caught up with scandals every time he played a role in a series. There was a time that his fans trashed every actress he had worked with.
	This time, he was caught entering a hotel with a mysterious businesswoman.
	And his private account was found. Their intimate pictures and videos were also discovered.
	What's more, the woman's husband now knew about it. He was divorcing that woman and wanted to get more money from it.
	So, Maxwell was now targeted by her husband.
	And if Maxwell couldn’t handle it well, his career would be completely ruined.
	Natalia heard the whole thing and she thought Maxwell totally deserved it.
	If they hadn’t invested too much on him before, she wouldn’t help him at all.
	Natalia felt that this concerned the interest of the investors and she had to ask Archie first.
	So, she asked Iris to calm down and said that she would call her after she asked Archie.
	Iris thanked her and agreed.
	After she hung up, Natalia checked the time and figured that they were still talking.
	Generally speaking, it was not a big deal. She did not need to hurry. So, she didn’t disturb them and decided to take a walk in the back yard alone.
	There were many precious flowers and plants in the back yard and all kinds of fragrant flowers and trees were on the sides of a gravel road.
	Natalia was walking slowly along the gravel road when she heard a quarrel ahead of her.
	Her curiosity drove her to walk towards the source of the sound.
	“Selena, how could you do this to me? I came back to Eqitin for you. I was almost framed and killed. How can you break up with me now?”
	“That's enough! I warned you not to come to me again! What happened before was your own fault. It has nothing to do with me.”
	“Selena, why are you being so cruel?”
	The man's voice sounded familiar to Natalia. She looked through the branches and was startled.
	Maxwell?!
	Why was he here?
	He knew Selena?
	Thinking about the case Iris told her, Natalia became curious.
	In the sunlight, Maxwell's face was thin and pale. He was held Selena's hands and begging her, but Selena threw his hands away impatiently.
	“Maxwell! I told you I don't love you! I was simply playing with you. Don't you understand? If you keep harassing me like this, I won’t be this patient.”
	“Selena...”
	Maxwell begged, “Why do you have to leave me? I love you so much!”
	Natalia shook her head. She thought he was smarter than that.
	Selena was using him as a tool, and he thought she really loved him.
	Although she didn't know why Selena was with him before, as a woman, she could tell that Selena really hated him.
	She recalled Selena's attitude towards Archie and figured out what was happening.
	“Selena! Do you really want to be so cruel? Do you have any idea how much I've done to be with you, and this is how you repay me?”
	Selena sneered.
	“What you mean? You simply got rid of that old woman. If that’s what you called devotion, then forget it. You make me disgusted.”
	“You! You monster! I broke up with her because I wanted to be with you, and now people found out about what happened between me and her. My company will toss me away! And now you're telling me you're dumping me! Then what's the point? What's the point?”
	Selena laughed coldly.
	“Did I told you to do any of those things? Did I tell you to break up with that old woman? And now you’re threatening me with that? What do you want? You want me to marry you? Get lost now. If not, I’ll do anything to make you suffer!”
Chapter 275 Silence the Witness
	“You! Selena, how could you? You think you’re such a big deal now that you’re the daughter of the Kawn family? You’re just a knock-out...”
	Selena slapped Maxwell in the face. Her eyes turn red and she barked, “If you keep saying that, I'll kill you! Piss off!”
	She hit him so hard that Maxwell's face turned sideways. He looked extremely resentful.
	Natalia shook her head.
	They were now nemesis.
	She thought this was it. Maxwell was definitely going to lose when he came to her like that.
	He knew Selena was adopted and the Kawn family was looking for their real child, he stilled dared to bring that up.
	He asked for it.
	Selena was kind enough not to kick him out immediately.
	Natalia was bored and was about to leave.
	Then she heard a sound.
	“Meow!”
	A black figure came out. It scratched her face and ran away.
	Natalia grunted in pain and found three bloody scratches on her face.
	Where did that cat come from?
	The noises startled them. Selena quickly came forward and sprinted across the branch, only to see Natalia hiding there.
	Selena’s face was quite pale. She yelled, “What are you doing here?”
	“I’m looking for a cat. It scratched my face and disappeared. Have you seen it?”
	Selena looked very gloomy. She turned back to have an eye contact with Maxwell, who was also frightened.
	“A cat? Everyone knows Mrs. McCarthy doesn’t like cats. Who dares to keep one here?”
	Selena stared at her grimly. She was completely different from the mild girl she pretended to be in the diner.
	Natalia was a little scared.
	Was she gonna silence the witness?
	She would not dare to do something strange, she thought.
	After all, it was the McCarthy Mansion. So many people were here.
	But she was still afraid seeing that woman behaved so differently in front of her.
	She forced a smile and stepped back quietly.
	“I’m not lying. I really saw a cat. See! This wound cannot lie!”
	She showed her the horrifying scratches on her fair skin.
	But Selena was still silent and the look on her face became even more terrifying.
	Natalia smiled, “Miss Kawn, why are you so nervous? Who’s that mister behind you? He looks familiar. Is he a friend of yours?”
	Selena said coldly, “No. I don’t know who he is.”
	“Oh, ok.”
	Natalia nodded and didn’t want to stay here for too long.
	“Then I’m gonna leave now. That bloody cat! It hurts so much. I wonder if it has been vaccinated. I need to see the doctor now.”
	She left hurriedly.
	She felt that Selena must be staring at her. She knew she would be the pain in the ass for Selena whether she told her secret or not.
	But she didn’t care.
	Even though Selena was from the Kawn family, she was not so weak based on her behavior today.
	Natalia was not afraid of her. She didn’t overhear on purpose so she didn’t feel ashamed.
	Archie quickly finished his talk with his grandfather. Since he had promised to go home with Natalia that afternoon, he started looking for her everywhere.
	After searching in the living room and the garden in vain, he asked a servant and found out that she had gone back into the garden.
	It was only late fall, but it was already freezing in Eqitin. Natalia didn’t wear enough clothes today and Archie was afraid that she might catch a cold.
	They met under an archway between two courts.
	When Natalia saw him, she pulled him over.
	“What are you doing out here? It’s windy outside. You could’ve caught a cold.”
	As he spoke, the man took off his coat and threw it over her shoulders.
	Natalia waved her hand, “It’s ok. Just come with me. I want to tell you something.”
	“What is it?”
	Natalia looked around and grabbed his sleeve, “I’ll tell you outside.”
	They returned to the living room and greeted Mrs. McCarthy. Then, they left the mansion together.
	When they got into the car, Natalia took a sip of water and then said, “Do you know who I just saw in the garden back there?”
	“Who?”
	“Selena.”
	Archie frowned, “What's wrong with her?”
	“She has been with a man I know, Maxwell Cohen, an artist also signed by Annie International. He's been all over Twitter for the last two days, and these two seem to have some conflicts recently.”
	Archie thought for a moment and said, “The McCarthy family and The Kawn family are family friends, but we don't care about things like this. We normally help each other when something big happens. And Selena is in her twenties now, so it's normal for her to have a relationship.”
	Natalia shook her head.
	“No, not that. I heard Maxwell say that he just dumped an old woman to be with Selena. I think there's something sneaky with him.”
	Archie was stunned, “Old woman?”
	“Yes.”
	Natalia nodded and realized that Archie was too busy to keep up with the news about the show business, even if it was about the artists signed by his own company.
	So, she told him what Iris had said on the phone at noon.
	She added, “It’s just that Maxwell doesn't seem reliable to me. He’s kind of paranoid. If Selena really breaks up with him, I’m afraid he may do something bad to her.”
	Archie looked at her, which made Natalia feel very nervous.
	“Why are you looking at me like that?”
	“Nothing.”
	He paused for a minute and asked the driver to drive.
	Then, he turned back and looked at her again.
	Natalia became very agitated.
	“Archie, don’t give me that look. You’re making me uncomfortable.”
Chapter 276 Meet Up in a Bar.
	Archie nodded and spoke.
	"I thought you should hate her very much, but you helped her. You are not jealous?"
	"Jealous of Selena?"
	Archie nodded seriously.
	Natalia couldn't help laughing.
	"Why? Because she tried to be matey with you during the lunch?"
	Archie frowned.
	He frowned tightly at the perception of her indifference.
	Natalia was amused.
	"I don't mind she is your ex-girlfriend. Do I have to be jealous just because she had lunch with you? There is no need to make a fuss over it."
	Natalia was very open-minded and she sure knew what really happened.
	She knew what belonged to her and what did not, and what was real and what was just not true.
	She won't upset herself because of some meaningless things.
	She was amused, but Archie was not happy.
	He looked at her with a scowl. "I feel that you don't care about me at all."
	Natalia could not help laughing.
	"It doesn't mean that I don't care about you. Archie, not so childish, okay?"
	Archie was more depressed.
	Natalia did not want to continue with this topic and said, "Selena discovered me and threw me a resentful gaze. She seemed afraid that I cannot keep my mouth shut. Will she hold a grudge against me because of this thing?"
	Archie's face darkened.
	"She doesn't have the guts."
	Archie paused and said, "Artists from Annie International are involved. I will have Brian look into it. Don't worry. Nothing bad will happen."
	Natalia nodded.
	Anyway, Selena was a member of the Kawn family, which had been connected with the McCarthy family for long.
	For the sake of Mrs. McCarthy, Natalia did not want anything to happen to Selena.
	In the evening, Archie received a phone call from Peter, who asked Archie to go to the bar to drink. Peter seemed in a mood.
	Archie was not too concerned about it. After all, even if Peter was in a mood, a lot of beauties would keep him company.
	Though Archie didn't want to go, Natalia did.
	She had never been to a bar in Eqitin since she came here. She wondered if there was anything different.
	Archie didn't want to let her down, so he drove to L-VE bar with her.
	A lot of pretty ladies were in this bar. As soon as she got inside, she took a step back as the crowd got in the way.
	The hall was very lively. Young men and women wiggled their shoulders crazily to consume their energy as the live music was played and colorful lights were down on them.
	It was not the first time that Natalia had been in a bar, but she felt a little uncomfortable.
	More or less, she felt curious and excited.
	They walked around but didn't see Peter.
	She took out her phone to call Peter, but was patted by the shoulder. So, she turned around and saw Peter.
	Natalia was startled and asked, "Where are you from?"
	Peter's gaze swept across the lively hall and said in a deep voice, "Follow me."
	They were stunned but didn't refuse.
	The corridor on the second floor was spacious, with private rooms on the left side and rows of small bars on the right. Sitting on the bars, they could see the performances on the stage on the first floor.
	Peter did not enter the private room, but took them to the bar with the best positions and sat down.
	A waiter asked if they wanted drinks. Peter ordered a dozen beers.
	Natalia's heart thumped when she saw the crowd around her.
	"Peter, why are you here alone? "
	Peter glanced at her, and said lightly, "What else can I do except for drinking."
	Natalia became interested. "Drinking alone? Is something on your mind?"
	Peter suddenly looked embarrassed.
	As if he had been read by Natalia.
	"No."
	He shook his head, but couldn't help looking around. It was obvious that he lied to her.
	Natalia smiled. She wouldn't go further since he did not want to say.
	They chatted while drinking.
	Natalia had to work tomorrow, so she couldn't drink too much. After a few drinks, she took a glass of juice and sipped it.
	Just then a familiar figure caught her eye.
	Not far away, a girl came in from the outside.
	She was wearing a light-yellow blouse and a short white skirt with shoulder-length hair, surrounded by a sweet vibe.
	It was rare to see a girl dressed like that in bars.
	But it was not the point.
	The point was she was Wanda Kawn.
	Why was she here?
	Wanda had left a deep impression on Natalia after they met twice.
	Natalia didn't expect to see her here.
	She turned to look at Peter, found that he was looking at Wanda obsessively. She couldn't help being shocked.
	"Peter, do you know her?"
	Natalia asked, pointing to Wanda's back.
	Peter came to his senses, somewhat embarrassed, and then shook his head.
	Natalia smiled, "I know her. She seems to be a member of the Kawn family."
	Peter put on a long face.
	He looked at Wanda more passionately.
	Natalia was confused.
	Archie frowned and said in a deep voice, "Peter, if you do like her, just go ahead. Why do you sit here and drink alone?"
	Peter trembled a bit with a pale face.
	Natalia glanced at him and at Wanda not far away, smiling, "You know that she'll be here, so you come here in advance?"
	Peter was silent without denying it.
	Natalia was puzzled.
	"Since you like her, just go after her. You're capable, talented, rich, and handsome. What are you afraid of?"
	Peter paused, opened his mouth but swallowed his tongue back after thinking about something.
	Natalia wanted to go further, but her hand was suddenly pinched by Archie.
	Archie said lightly, "Enough with that. If you can't tell her, you just drink. Stop staring at her. You are making yourself like a stalker."
	Natalia was amused and got it.
	Probably there was some story in it.
	They didn't force Peter since Peter did not want to tell them everything.
	They no longer spoke. Peter drank his wine one glass after another without a word.
	Wanda talked with a man sitting over the bar for minutes and left.
Chapter 277 Still Fond of Her
	Natalia saw Peter staring at Wanda's back. Though Wanda had walked out of the door, Peter refused to turn his gaze. He involuntarily shook his head.
	"It's getting late and we have to go. Do you want more?"
	Natalia asked.
	Peter's eyes turned bleary, looked at her, and shook his head.
	"We'll take you home."
	"Good."
	Natalia and Archie sent Peter home. It was eleven o'clock when they arrived at Bowers Mansion.
	His parents had fallen asleep. The servant opened the door, but Natalia and Archie did not enter the room. They left after passing Peter to the servant.
	Archie drove to Pinewood Manor.
	Sitting in the passenger seat, Natalia asked curiously, "Why did you stop me talking just now?"
	Natalia drove the car and explained, "They were in a relationship and then broke up."
	"What?"
	Natalia was surprised.
	Archie said in a deep voice, "Peter felt sorry for her, so it made sense that he was upset."
	Natalia frowned.
	"Since he likes Wanda so much, why did they break up?"
	"Because of the other man. I don't know the details of the story. It was said that Wanda was together with a man called Peck. What's his name again?"
	Archie thought about it for a while.
	"Charlie Peck."
	Natalia was completely shocked.
	Charlie Peck?
	He…
	Natalia suddenly thought about Victoria and the child in her belly.
	Soon, Natalia shook her head and stopped thinking.
	It was impossible.
	Victoria's child couldn't be Charlie's.
	Although Victoria once said that Charlie was the man that she lusted after, Natalia didn't think it possible that they had slept together.
	If they had been together, Victoria would have told her. Victoria wouldn't hide it from her.
	Natalia was relieved.
	Archie observed changes in her expression, thought that she was worried about Peter, and could not help but smile.
	"Don't worry. He won't be pestered by love. He will cheer up soon."
	Natalia nodded, feeling the atmosphere depressing, so she changed the subject.
	"Are you on a business trip tomorrow?"
	"Yes."
	The man turned to look at her, "You don't want to part with me?"
	Natalia paused, snorted, turned her gaze, and curled her lips.
	"No."
	Archie chuckled, pulled over, held her face, and kissed her.
	Natalia flushed and rolled her dark eyes. She grabbed his shirt and whispered, "What are you doing? We're on the road!"
	"Don't be shy. There's no one here."
	He spoke softly and kissed her again.
	Natalia felt hot and could no longer stand it. Then she dropped into her seat.
	"Don't…"
	Archie raised his head.
	His eyes were dark and bright, and there was a hint of desire in his handsome face. Compared with Natalia who had been gasping for breath, he could still control himself.
	He reached out and dressed her. "Wait for me in the car," he said hoarsely.
	Natalia paused without a reply. Then Archie opened the door and got off the car. He strode toward the convenience store by the roadside.
	It was very close to their apartment, only about five or six hundred meters.
	She sat in the car and waited for a while.
	The road was empty at midnight. It was silent. The roadside lamplight gave off dim lights.
	After about five minutes, Archie came back.
	He was holding a black box. Natalia did not see it clearly because it was dark.
	She didn't discern it until he got into the car, opened the door and put it aside. She flushed immediately.
	She saw a box of large size condoms.
	Natalia felt it was somewhat dangerous and the temperature high. She was almost out of breath.
	As Natalia didn't plan to give birth to a child, Archie showed respect for choice.
	Therefore, he used a condom when they had sex.
	Natalia hurriedly turned her gaze and pretended to look out of the window calmly.
	Archie looked at her red face and smiled. He did not speak, started the car, and drove to the villa.
	The door was burst open.
	Once they went into the villa, Archie carried her, opened the bedroom door hurriedly, and pressed Natalia against the door.
	Archie was burning with desire tonight, making Natalia surrender completely.
	The sky was dark. Archie and Natalia in love were immersed in the lustful night.
	It was finally over.
	She lay down on the bed, feeling exhausted. She was enjoying herself.
	Archie went to the bathroom and took a bath, with a towel around his waist. His hair was dripping wet. He walked over, bent over to her, and chuckled, "I hold you to the bathroom, okay?"
	Natalia lifted her eyelids, looked at him, and shook her head. "No, I'll go myself."
	Archie didn't seem to hear that.
	He wrapped her with a towel, and said in a soft voice, "You're tired. Let me hold you."
	Natalia was held in his arms, feeling the man's warm chest. She felt at ease and comfortable.
	She was relaxed because of the man's breath. Since she was tired, she let him hold her in the arms.
	The hot water had been put in the bathtub. Archie put her in the bathtub, touched the water, and asked, "Do you want me to wash your body?
	Natalia instantly quivered, threw him a cautious look, and shook her head.
	"No, I'll do it myself. You go out."
	Archie nodded, smiled, and turned around.
	As she breathed a sigh of relief, Archie who had just walked out suddenly turned around and picked her up from the water.
	"Archie! You…Well…"
	Natalia could only feel the pains in her back as she was pressed against the wall. Natalia grabbed him by the shoulders and almost cried.
	"Archie, I need to work tomorrow…"
	"Well, bastard..."
Chapter 278 Worry About Him
	It wasn't over until late at night.
	Natalia was so exhausted by the time he took her out of the bathroom that she didn't even have the strength to open her eyes.
	She didn't want to move as he carried her to bed, blow-dried her hair, and tucked her under the covers.
	Archie turned off the light and lay down.
	He stretched out his arms to hug her.
	Natalia, however, turned over, with her back to him. She didn't want to talk to him at all.
	Archie smiled, didn't force her, and let her lean on his arms.
	"I'll go on a business trip tomorrow, and I may come back in half a month. When I come back, I will take you to Othua. Before that, you just stayed with your bestie, okay?"
	When she heard Othua, Natalia cheered up.
	She opened her eyes and wanted to ask something, but she held her tongue, irritated at the fact that he had not stopped when she pleaded for mercy in the bathroom.
	Archie ran his hand along her hair, wrapped her soft black hair around his fingers, and whispered, "I will be on a trip for long. It takes me at least half a month. You should take good care of yourself at home."
	I let Nancy take good care of you and Mrs. Dottie would come back. You can let them help you. When you encountered any trouble, you can ask Peter or Stephen, or my grandma for help."
	Natalia could not help but turn around to look at him, with a worried face.
	"Why do you have to stay outside for so long?"
	Archie said nothing.
	Natalia pursed her lips and suddenly wrapped her arms around his waist, pressing her face against his chest.
	"I am just worried about you. You bear the burden given by the McCarthy family. You must be very tired, right?"
	Archie chuckled.
	"Worried about me?"
	"Yes." Natalia nodded.
	"Give me a kiss."
	"No!"
	Natalia patted him on the shoulder. Though she knew Archie's been working hard all the time, but Natalia could not help feeling worried.
	Everyone saw Archie living a decent life. Only the people close to him knew how much pressure he undertook.
	She tightened her arms, put her face against his chest, and said nothing.
	The night was long and the room was quiet.
	Perhaps because she was so tired, Natalia slept very soundly.
	When she woke up the next day, it was nearly noon.
	She looked at the alarm clock, let out a scream, and immediately got out of bed.
	Then she felt a sharp pain in her body as if she had been run over by several big trucks.
	Natalia lay down, covered her face with a pillow, and howled.
	She shouldn't have been worried about him.
	He was about to be on a business trip, but he could still be so energetic with her for the night. So, he sure could take good care of himself.
	She sighed and, after a few seconds, sat up with great efforts.
	She endured the pains in her body and went to the bathroom to wash herself up.
	Though she was sore, her body was clean. Archie must have taken her to the bathroom and washed her body.
	Natalia brushed her teeth and washed her face. She changed into a blouse and a pair of pencil trousers and went out of the door with the bag.
	Iris told Natalia something about Maxwell yesterday.
	Later Natalia talked about Maxwell with Archie. Archie knew that woman's husband, who was a tycoon in the financial circle. He never heard the relationship between them was bad, so he didn't expect it would happen.
	Natalia did not want Archie to get involved. If she did, it meant that Archie would have to do something personally to protect Maxwell.
	They would let go of Maxwell for sake of Archie. However, Archie would owe them a favor.
	Natalia would not allow such a thing to happen. Therefore, she decided to talk with Maxwell and get to know him thoroughly before making a decision.
	When she got to the company, Natalia let Iris call Maxwell over.
	When Maxwell arrived at the office and saw Natalia, he was a little embarrassed.
	After all, Natalia bumped into her and even heard the dialogue. Maxwell felt very ill at ease.
	Natalia did not mention what happened last night, but Maxwell was so guilty that he couldn't look into Natalia's eyes.
	After that, Natalia found Maxwell, who looked smart and smooth, was very foolish.
	He was together with that investor because he drank too much at a party, was seduced by that woman, and slept with her. That woman got something on him, so he could only be her fancy man.
	Natalia was speechless.
	She never thought it would be the truth.
	News of his affair was not true. The woman just took advantage of him.
	Before he met Selena, he had only been with that woman.
	That woman's wiles made him think that she really liked him and would divorce her husband for him.
	He didn't wake up to reality until he accidentally learned that woman also slept with another actor.
	Later, he met Selena and they fell in love…
	Natalia was lost for words.
	She had no idea whether she should blame it for the way of the world or the man's stupidity.
	She sighed and waved her hand, gesturing to Iris to take him out.
	She had made it clear. The point was to handle it properly.
	It was easy to handle.
	She could deal with all those problems arising from that scandal for Maxwell.
	Or, she could give up doing that after concluding that he couldn't be as popular as before.
	Natalia let Archie make a decision.
	Archie sent a message.
	“Give him up.”
	It was not beyond her expectation.
	After all, Archie despised all things done by Maxwell.
Chapter 279 Knock at Midnight
	Natalia let Iris inform him of the result. Maxwell couldn't accept it.
	It was useless. Fortunately, he only signed a contract of five years with Annie International and it expired in less than one year. He could take a vacation during this time. When it expired, he could work for another company.
	This matter was over for Natalia.
	She didn't care about the relationship between Selena and him.
	A week had passed.
	Victoria's birthday was coming. Natalia was thinking of her schedule and found that she couldn't celebrate her birthday.
	Since Victoria went abroad, she had been only in occasional contact with Natalia.
	She didn't even contact her father and brother.
	Natalia couldn't raise her opinion. She could only care about Victoria as much as possible, lest Victoria felt lonely abroad.
	On Victoria's birthday, Natalia called her at the stroke of midnight
	The call was put through soon. Victoria's delighted voice came, "Natalia!"
	"Happy birthday, darling."
	"Thank you."
	Natalia couldn't help being amused by Victoria, "Victoria, to be honest, have you missed me?"
	"Sure, but you never come to see me."
	"Don't worry. When my godson is born in half a month, Archie and I will come together."
	"What if it's a daughter?"
	"It's better. Anne can keep her company and take care of her."
	Victoria shook her head, "You're lucky. To be honest, it is really hard to be pregnant with a child."
	Natalia's smile froze on her lips.
	"Can you manage it yourself? Do I need to go there in advance?"
	Victoria hurriedly refused.
	"No, I have a servant. Don't worry."
	Natalia sighed.
	She opened her mouth but swallowed her tongue back.
	Victoria seemed to know what Natalia wanted to say and smiled, "Natalia, don't worry about me. I'm a little stronger than you think. I can do it."
	Natalia nodded and talked about the gossips.
	"Do you remember Charlie?"
	"Yes? What?"
	"He had once been together with Wanda. If we had known it before, I would have forbidden you to lust after him."
	Victoria back stiffened.
	Her fingers quivered slightly.
	A moment later, she forced a smile.
	"Is that so? I haven't heard of it before."
	"I wouldn't have known it if Peter hadn't asked Archie and me to drink in the bar."
	Victoria did not speak.
	Natalia rolled her eyes and asked, "Victoria, your child has nothing to do with Charlie, right?"
	"Where are you thinking about? Of course not."
	"Thank god."
	Natalia said in a self-congratulatory tone and patted her chest.
	Victoria didn't want to talk about this topic. Instead, she asked, "Have you been back to Julio?"
	"No, what's up?"
	"Nothing. I just want to see how my dad and my brother are doing."
	Natalia thought for a while and said, "Your brother and your sister-in-law are fine, but your father is not so well. Victoria, he's your father anyway. If you do care for him, try to communicate with him, ok?”
	“He can't raise any objections when you decided to give birth to your baby. He is angry but he'll forgive you. You don't have to live abroad alone. You're a family. Don't hold a grudge against each other."
	Victoria was silent for a while and said softly, "I see. I will think about it."
	Natalia nodded and they talked for a while. Just then, someone knocked at the door.
	"Is anyone coming?" Natalia asked.
	Victoria frowned.
	She lived in an upscale apartment and rarely saw visitors.
	She had few friends here, so she could figure out who came here so late.
	After thinking about it, she said to Natalia, "Well, it should be the landlord or the Filipino servant. She just went out to buy food and didn't come back. She probably forgot her key. I'll go to check."
	"OK, I'll hang up the phone. Be careful."
	"OK."
	After hanging up the phone, Victoria walked toward the door.
	When she reached the door, she peered over the peephole and shuddered a bit.
	She straightened up, with a pale face.
	Then she turned and walked into the house.
	Victoria took quick steps into the bedroom and locked the door.
	She walked up and down, feeling her heart beating in her throat.
	How could it be him?
	Why did he come here?
	It was impossible.
	Her eyes must have been bleary.
	Victoria thought about something and put on a self-mocking smile.
	Why was she excited?
	What could she do even if he showed up?
	She couldn't take back what she said, and he…
	She felt sad, her eyes swollen.
	When she was sitting on the bed in a daze, a sudden crack and bang came from outside.
	The door was pushed down.
	Victoria was startled. She stood up from the bed, stunned for seconds, and hurried out.
	As soon as she entered the living room, she saw the door on the ground.
	There stood a tall man with a calm and serious look.
	Victoria was lost for words.
	She glared at him, "Charlie! How can you break into my house?"
	She rented this apartment!
	How could she explain to the landlord?
	She had to pay for it. Moreover, it was not good to be seen by others.
	Looking at the door on the ground, Victoria was really angry.
	Charlie didn't seem to see the anger on her face and walked in with a long face.
	He glanced at her and at her belly with a gloomier look.
	"You're at home. Why don't you open the door?"
Chapter 280 Visiting His Son
	He took it for granted.
	Victoria felt angry and her stomach ached.
	After a while, she sneered, "This is my home. It's my right to keep the door closed. Aren't you afraid of being sued for breaking into my house?"
	Charlie raised his eyebrow and wasn't swayed.
	"You can try."
	He was sure that she wouldn't do that.
	Victoria felt there was a fire in her chest. She wanted to throw the man out of the balcony.
	After a while, she said bitterly, "What have you come for?"
	Charlie sneered, and looked more merciless.
	He stepped forward, surrounded by the cold vibe. Victoria could not help but retreat, until there was no way out.
	Charlie stretched out his hand and pushed her against the wall.
	He fixed his cold and wild eyes on her. A mocking smile touched his lips.
	"Whose child?"
	Victoria clenched her teeth and tried to control over her temper, so that she wouldn't abuse the man in front of her.
	"It's none of your business."
	"Oh!"
	He suddenly took some paper out of his pocket and threw it onto her face.
	"You're pregnant with my child and hide yourself here. Pretend to love me silently? Or you have some tricks after knowing that I've been to Stevenson Mansion?"
	Victoria froze.
	The sharp edges of the paper cut the delicate skin of her face. She felt pains.
	However, her heart couldn't bear more pains as if it had been torn apart.
	She looked up at him coldly.
	There was grievance in her eyes.
	"It's none of my business whether you go back to Stevenson Mansion or not. This child has nothing to do with you."
	"He's my flesh and blood. How dare you say that?"
	Charlie suddenly lost temper.
	He raised her hand with so much force that he seemed to crush her wrist.
	Victoria almost cried because of the pains.
	She hadn't suffered so much since childhood. However, she had to endure hardships after being pregnant. She felt wronged, and did not expect him to be so bad.
	She was so painful and wronged that she couldn't help crying.
	"Let go of me! It hurts!"
	The man paused.
	Victoria's face was delicate. Though she became plump after being pregnant, she was still very attractive.
	When she cried, the glittering tears rolled down her cheeks. She looked so poor and fragile, making him want to embrace her and love her.
	She was beautiful.
	He was clear about it.
	If not, he wouldn't have been caught up in his feelings for her and got hurt."
	Memories of the past came to his mind like flooding, stopping him from feeling sympathetic to her.
	He sneered. "What are you crying for? I am here. I've looked for you for so long. You're hiding yourself in such a remote place. What qualifications do you have to cry?"
	His words were completely at odds with his tone.
	If someone else said that, Victoria would think she was being concerned about.
	But she could only feel coldness from him.
	Victoria shivered and wiped her tears.
	She glimpsed at the pile of papers about her information and smiled desperately.
	"You've become a part of the Stevenson family. Why do you come for me instead of staying at home? Do you fall in love with me again after that night?"
	"Victoria!
	Charlie shouted.
	He grabbed her by the wrist, and she gasped with pain.
	But she didn't give in.
	"What? Am I right? Why do you always use violence? Let go of me. It hurts."
	Charlie gnashed, but loosened his grip.
	Victoria knew that she could not fight with him.
	She took a deep breath, her eyes reddened, and said in a low voice. "Just tell me! What do you want?"
	Charlie looked serious and said in a deep voice, "What happened that night?"
	Victoria smiled bitterly, "What happened? Ever since we parted four years ago, I've been lusting after you.”
	“That night, I drugged you and seduced you. Then I got pregnant. Can't you understand?"
	Charlie narrowed his eyes, "You said something different that night."
	Victoria snorted, "Haven't you heard that women are good liars? I didn't tell the truth because I didn't want you to think I was cheap."
	She paused and added, "Men look down upon women who are lively. We had sex then. I couldn't admit that I seduced you. So, you were to blame."
	Charlie did not make a reply but asked, "Why did you go abroad alone and hide yourself?"
	Victoria sneered with coldness in her eyes, "I regret it. I don't want to like you anymore. I think you are not as good as I imagined.
	Her words made her eyes turn cold and sharp. He stepped forward to be close to her.
	Victoria took a step back and threw an alert glance, "What do you want to do. Here is my home."
	Charlie looked at her alert appearance and curled his lips.
	He glanced about her, "What were you thinking? You're so ugly now. I am picky about women."
	His words annoyed Victoria and made her want to kick him out.
	She was irritated and growled, "Why do you come here?"
	"I come for my son."
	Victoria shouted, "Who is your son?"
	Charlie looked at Victoria's belly as if implying something.
	Victoria put on a cold look and stepped back, "He's my child and has nothing to do with you."
	"He's my flesh and blood."
	"So what?" Victoria looked colder, "You only contribute your semen. I don't need you to do anything else.”
	“Don't try to take him from me. Otherwise, I would spare no effort to let your family suffer."
Chapter 281 Don’t Go Too Far
	Charlie frowned. “I’m looking for my son. What’s that have to do with the Peck and Stevenson families?”
	Victoria paused, her eyes gleaming as she chuckled coldly. “Everybody knows you’re the favored child of both families. Didn’t the old lady of the Stevenson family just get you back to pamper you? Heh, if anything happened with you, they might resort to killing themselves.”
	Charlie’s expression grew cool. “Is that so? And you’re hiding from me knowing that?”
	“They treasure you, Charlie. I don’t. I’m warning you, don’t force my hand, or else…”
	“Or else what?”
	“I…”
	Victoria fumed. How could this man be so hateful?
	He knew she couldn’t do anything. He knew she had nothing left. Why was he still pressuring her to this point?
	Charlie sneered.
	“If I decided to come after this child, what can you use against me? Your half-baked techniques? Or are you going to tell your father and have me beaten up like four years ago?”
	Victoria jolted.
	Endless cold raced down her spine.
	She looked at him icily. “You can certainly try.”
	Charlie paused, then said, “But your father probably won’t treat me like this now, will he? After all, four years ago, I was just a poor kid with nothing, no match for his sweet daughter. But things are different now. I’m the heir to the Stevenson family. Think about it. If he knew that his daughter was pregnant with my seed, wouldn’t he be so happy he carts you over in a horse-drawn carriage?”
	“Don’t go too far, Charlie Peck!”
	“I’m just telling the truth, aren’t I?”
	The two stood there as dead silence took over the still atmosphere.
	Victoria glared at him with eyes full of hatred.
	Chuckling, Charlie released her.
	He turned around, lit a cigarette, and took a puff as he turned around to look at the woman on the sofa.
	She hugged her arms to her chest, staring warily at him with none of her old softness. Her appearance was that of a spiny hedgehog. Anyone who approached, she stung.
	He suddenly felt a bit irritated.
	The moment he was sure that the child in her belly was his, he’d been overjoyed.
	He’d never thought of separating mother and son.
	But the way she looked now, isolating herself, made him feel an abrupt sense of discomfort.
	What sort of person did she think he was? An unsightly beast?
	She once chased after him with such gentle loving caresses, but now she wanted to run away with his kid? Hide from him for the rest of their lives?
	What was this? Revenge?
	Thinking of that, Charlie’s face sank.
	Victoria, meanwhile, calmed down for a while and rearranged her thoughts.
	She stood, looked at him calmly, and said lowly, “I’ve already apologized to you for what happened four years ago. I’ll admit that it was my fault that night. But I hadn’t meant it. So please, would you just let me go? We’re not suited for each other; wasn’t that what you said yourself back then? Why are you still tangling with me? I just want a quiet, peaceful life. If you treat this child like you don’t know he exists, it wouldn’t affect you. If you’re still worried, I can leave; run far away, such that you’ll never see him again and you won’t have to worry about him becoming a threat. Will that do?”
	The man’s eyes grew completely cold.
	He stared at the woman before him as if to freeze her solid.
	“No threat to me? Heh! You think I buy that?”
	Victoria started.
	Charlie continued, “You don’t have to try to keep me with so much effort and use him as leverage. I know full well what you Kaurs are thinking. After all, we were together before. If you really want to, it’s not that I can’t budge.”
	Victoria’s face went red with rage.
	“What are you babbling about? Who’s trying to leverage you?”
	“You’re trying your utmost to give birth to this child so you can save something to use against me, aren’t you?”
	He stood and drew close. “You know how those bastards over at the Stevenson family aren’t all right with me, but can’t do anything to me. I hear you’re close with one of them? When did that start? Before I slept with you? Or after?”
	Furious, Victoria raised her hand to hit him, but he held her in place.
	She could only glare at him, steam emerging from her eyes.
	“You can insult me, Charlie, but don’t bring up my father! You don’t have the right to speak of him like this!”
	“I don’t have the right? Ha!”
	His eyes grew ever colder as he maintained his bone-shattering grip on her wrist.
	“Back then, he did everything he could to force me away because he thought my status was too low to be a match for a Kaur, didn’t he? Now that I’m the Stevenson heir, why would I not have the right to speak of him as I please?”
	Victoria looked at him, thoroughly chilled.
	“Fine, he was wrong on that count alone. But it’s been four years. Can’t you let it go?”
	“I can’t!”
	As he spoke, he seemed to realize that some deep part of his emotions had been revealed.
	He changed his expression and flung her hand away from him, turning his back.
	“Don’t think too much about it. I’m unwilling to let it go because I’ll never let anyone who’s humiliated me go. It’s got nothing to do with you.”
	Victoria smiled sadly.
	“I don’t need you to remind me.”
	Of course it had nothing to do with her.
	He hated her. Ever since she’d taken her father’s side and broken up with him back then, it was set in stone.
	Looks like they were back where they’d started after the passage of time. She might have been the same person, but the old him was gone now.
	Victoria felt a surge of fatigue.
	She muttered, “It’s getting late. I’m going to rest. If there’s nothing else, please leave before I call the police.”
	Charlie scoffed. “Call the cops? You think that intimidates me?”
	As he spoke, his gaze swept subtly over at her belly.
	Victoria ground her teeth.
	This scum.
	Helplessly, she demanded, “Then what do you want? What will it take to get you out of here?”
	Charlie thought about it for a while. It wasn’t urgent now, so he walked over to the sofa and sat down.
	“I’m taking the child. After all, I won’t leave my own seed outside. That’s why I’ll stay here around you for this period without ever leaving your side. Don’t even think of running away. With the child born, go wherever you wish. Oh, right. To show my thanks, I’ll give you a sum of money to ensure you live well in the future. Don’t worry about that. I never mistreat women when it comes to money.”
	Victoria went white with anger.
	“Get out! I don’t need your stinking money!”
	She barked, pushing him outside.
	She knew that Charlie was provoking her.
	After all, everyone knew that money was the only thing Victoria Kaur didn’t lack.
Chapter 282 You Can’t Run
	But the moment she applied force, the man grabbed her hands.
	Victoria glared a deathly glare at Charlie.
	“Just give it a rest! Don’t even dream of taking the child from me. I’ll die before I let you get your way.”
	Charlie sneered.
	“Then we’ll just have to wait and see whose victory it is.”
	He turned around after that.
	Victoria closed her eyes and managed to suppress her rage.
	At least she’d managed to shoo him off… not. She opened her eyes and found him walking towards the bedroom.
	Victoria’s face changed instantly.
	“What are you doing, Charlie Peck?”
	“It’s getting late, right? I’m going to rest, of course.”
	“This is my house. If you want to rest, go home.”
	“Ha!”
	The man stood in the doorway to the bedroom, looking down at the flushing woman.
	He reached out and tilted her chin up.
	Victoria jerked her head away, but he didn’t get mad. He simply leered.
	“Before this child is born, I’ll be everywhere you go. I told you. Don’t even dream of escaping. I’m a man of my word.”
	Victoria had no words.
	And so Charlie ended up staying at Victoria’s rented apartment.
	Victoria was fuming, but there was nothing she could do.
	It was too late to call the police.
	He was the child’s father, and if things got heated, it would become even messier.
	She’d never thought that this usually calm, collected person could descend to such a level.
	Victoria looked at the man lying on her bed and felt the beginnings of an ulcer.
	The apartment wasn’t small, but because she was living here on her own, she’d rented the sort of large, seventy square meter apartment with a wall separating the middle, a bedroom on the inside, and an open kitchen and living room on the outside.
	Now that this man had taken up her bed, she couldn’t squeeze in there, so her only option was the sofa.
	Victoria hugged her belly, steaming.
	She cursed him quietly. Men who bullied pregnant women would die badly.
	Still, the moment she muttered the curse, she jolted and took it back.
	Spirits above, that was just some nonsense because she was mad, she didn’t mean it, no sir.
	Forget death. Let’s keep the curse at nightmares and diarrhea.
	Yeah, a slap on the wrist.
	Ever since getting pregnant, Victoria had started somewhat believing in those sorts of superstitions.
	After mumbling incantations to herself, she spread out some blankets on the sofa and got ready to sleep.
	The sofa wasn’t small, and the production quality was high. It was soft and bouncy, so it wasn’t uncomfortable to lie on.
	But because Victoria was getting big, she wasn’t sleeping well to begin with, and it was worse lying on the sofa. She tossed and turned for several hours without managing to fall asleep.
	Only until it was the small hours of the morning and she was utterly exhausted did she finally drift off to sleep.
	Deep in the night.
	After who knows how long, the bedroom door was suddenly pushed open from the inside.
	A tall figure walked out and looked calmly down at the woman on the sofa.
	Her body was tilted sideways. Because she was sleeping poorly, her delicate features were creased with tiredness. Her brow was slightly furrowed, and there were faint black bags under her eyes.
	Charlie stood there expressionlessly for a while, then strode over.
	Standing in front of her with the moonlight streaming through the living room window, her face was lit up like porcelain.
	He reached out, as if to touch that silky smooth skin.
	But his hand only reached halfway before it stopped. Recalling something, he shrank back.
	His face grew even colder.
	After a while, he scoffed and turned around to leave.
	In her daze, Victoria felt an endless cold, and, barely conscious, she seemed to see a dark shadow pass before her and moaned.
	“Charlie.”
	Charlie’s receding form stiffened.
	He turned around and looked at her.
	The woman huddled on the sofa had slender limbs and a pale face. She seemed so fragile.
	Maybe because the night was too cold, but she had curled up, hands protecting her stomach, half of the blanket falling to the floor, showing her meagre frame.
	His tight face changed slightly.
	After a while, he still went up and picked her up.
	Victoria was still sleeping. She’d felt a bit cold, but a ball of fire had seemingly enveloped her.
	She leant towards to the warmth and smiled contentedly.
	What a comfortable warmth.
	Charlie looked at the woman snuggling into his chest, his face once again darkening.
	But he didn’t say anything. He simply picked her up, carried her into the bedroom, and set her down on the bed.
	For the rest of the night, Victoria slept soundly.
	Maybe it was because she was tired. Or maybe, because that familiar presence had stayed around her, she felt like she’d returned to the past. She might have been dreaming, but she didn’t want to wake.
	So she slept deep and only woke at ten or so the next morning.
	By the time she woke up, Charlie had long since been awake.
	She sat up and looked around, dazed.
	As she remembered it, hadn’t she been sleeping on the sofa last night? Why was she back on her bed?
	Victoria looked at the blanket laid over her body and recalled the indistinct figure she’d seen last night.
	Had it… not been a dream?
	Because she’d been drowsy, she didn’t remember too many details about last night.
	All she could barely remember was that she’d seen the shape of a person.
	She didn’t know where that man had gone, but he couldn’t have really left. He always meant what he said, and he’d said that he’d never leave on his own until she gave birth.
	Besides, they were only half a month away from when she was expected to go into labor.
	Victoria sat down on the couch and called her maid.
	Ever since she’d left last night, she hadn’t come back.
	Victoria hadn’t noticed then, but thinking about it today, she was quite worried.
	The phone rang for a long while, but nobody picked up.
	At that moment, the door opened.
	She started and saw Charlie walk in. At the same time, she noticed that the door he’d broken down yesterday had been fixed sometime today.
	He looked at Victoria, his expression unkind.
	Victoria thought about it. Since he was living here, they couldn’t very well go on waging their cold war.
	After all, last night, it seemed to have been him who carried her to the bed.
	Whatever. She should cut him some slack.
	So, Victoria spoke herself. “I hired a maid called Eva, but she hasn’t come back yet and I can’t get in contact with her. If you’re hungry in the afternoon, find some way to make your own food.”
Chapter 283 I’ll Beat Him Up for You
	In other words, even though he was staying here by force, he could forget relying on her for food and drink.
	If you didn’t work, you wouldn’t eat.
	She’d thought that he’d be dissatisfied with her words.
	Unexpectedly, he simply looked coldly at her and said, “I’ve already dismissed that maid of yours.”
	Victoria blinked.
	“What?”
	Charlie frowned.
	“You didn’t hear me?”
	“No, why did you dismiss my maid?”
	Charlie sneered.
	“If I didn’t, was I supposed to wait for her to help you escape?”
	Victoria’s temper flared.
	“I already told you I’m not going to run. And in my condition, how far can I get?”
	Charlie ignored her completely. “I have absolutely no faith in you.”
	“…”
	She clenched her teeth and suppressed her anger.
	“All right, then. What am I supposed to eat and drink with the maid gone? You don’t expect me to make my own meals while pregnant, do you?”
	Charlie shot her a look.
	He seemed to think about it.
	“If you could, why not.”
	“Charlie Peck!!!”
	Looking at the woman all puffed up like a kitten, Charlie’s mood inexplicably improved.
	“Relax. I was just messing with you. You really think I’m as cold and ruthless as you, don’t you?”
	With that, he clapped his hands, and a woman with blonde hair and blue eyes walked in.
	“This is a new maid I hired for you. Oh, and she used to be a matron. So compared to that bumbling housemaid you used to have, she ought to fit you better.”
	He had the new maid introduce herself.
	The new maid’s name was Candy. Her looks were average, her personality was enthusiastic, and she babbled on about a lot of things she was good at.
	Victoria was angry, but she couldn’t throw a tantrum at a time like this. Besides, Candy was innocent, and it wouldn’t do to take it out on her, so she could only nod and hold a conversation.
	Seeing that she didn’t have any opinions on it, Charlie had Candy start making a meal, while he took up a book and sat down on the sofa reading it.
	Looking at the way he was taking over the household, Victoria’s temper flared, and she turned to go back to her room.
	…
	In the afternoon, having just finished her break, Natalia was getting ready to put her makeup on and go shoot afternoon scenes when she received a call from Victoria.
	She was filming an office drama right now. The female lead was a high-ranking headhunter, maneuvering the twists and turns of business and romance.
	She’d never done office dramas before, so it was a challenge for her.
	Receiving Victoria’s phone call, she lifted her hand and had the makeup artist wait a while. Then she got up, walked over, and picked up the phone.
	“What is it, Victoria?”
	“Natalia…”
	On the other end of the line, Natalia stuttered.
	Hearing that her tone was different from before, Natalia frowned and asked worriedly, “What’s wrong? Did something happen?”
	“No.”
	Victoria hurriedly clarified. “Nothing’s wrong, don’t worry. I just wanted to discuss, well…”
	She pursed her lips. Any way she cut it, it was a hard thing to talk about it.
	Natalia urged, “Anything you need, just say it. With our relationship, do you still need to worry about anything?”
	Victoria sighed, then said, “It’s nothing, really. Only, if you’re too busy, you don’t need to rush over when the baby’s out.”
	Even before Victoria could finish, Natalia swiftly realized something was off.
	Her eyes worked, and she understood.
	“The child’s father has appeared?”
	“…”
	Natalia chuckled. “No need to hide it from me. Don’t worry, I won’t ask who it is. Only, you’re in a foreign country now. Without someone you know by your side, I’ll always worry.”
	Victoria knew how much she worried for her.
	She could only admit it. “Yeah.”
	“When did he arrive?”
	“Last night.”
	Natalia thought about it. Arriving last night – he should be someone who was somewhat appropriate. After all, Victoria wasn’t someone who didn’t have a good measure of the way things were.
	If the man really was unreliable, she wouldn’t have told Natalia that she didn’t need to come.
	Natalia sighed.
	“It that’s the case, then I won’t force the matter. I want to be the first person to lay eyes on my godson, but since the birth father is here… to keep myself from punching my godson’s father right in front of him, I’ll stay away for now.”
	Victoria heaved a sigh of relief and chuckled, “Thanks, Natalia.”
	“Hey, if you really want to thank me, tell me who that man is, and I’ll beat him up for you!”
	Victoria paused.
	After a while, she said, “I’ll tell you afterwards. If I really get a chance, I will.”
	Hearing that, Natalia understood that there was probably still something between them. It wouldn’t do to get too involved in private matters, so she could only agree.
	Hanging up, the cast’s temporary assistant had come over to call for her. The director was starting to rush them and was telling the makeup artist to hurry.
	She put her phone away hastily and sat back down to let them fix her makeup.
	Natalia was a right proper actress now. She acted not for fame and especially not for money, but purely because the last show had completely hooked her on the joys of acting. So she took roles based on how good the script was, never on the numbers or the topic.
	Seeing that she liked it that much, Archie let her do it.
	Because of her special situation, Natalia didn’t find an agent for herself. After all, she’d been a professional agent herself.
	All resources passed through her, so she didn’t need to go through any extra steps.
	Still, she did need a secretary. Because she hadn’t considered that before, she was getting really busy after she entered the cast.
	Thankfully, she knew Nathan, so he introduced her to a secretary.
	But she was a college student and only there for a short winter break. After that, she needed to go back to school.
	As she considered things and looked over company selections, Natalia decided to go for someone steady and reliable.
	Unexpectedly, just a moment later she’d received a call from Elsa, saying that she’d already emailed her a prepared list of secretary candidates for her to peruse when she had time. She could pick whichever one she wanted and just send her the name.
	Only then did Natalia realize that Elsa had it all planned out for her already, and she was immensely grateful.
	If Elsa could strike out on her own, she would love to see it. After all, everything in Star Entertainment went through Elsa know. Even though Natalia had control of the bigger picture, it wasn’t convenient for her to show herself a lot of the time, so Elsa still had to step in for her.
	When she was done with the afternoon shooting, Natalia tapped open her mailbox on her phone and took a look.
	Elsa had sent her the profiles of over a dozen people, each with clearly defined resumes.
	She scrolled down and read through each of them carefully, only she reached the last name and froze.
	The name on top of the resume read “Rosa”. The girl in the photo had pretty features, with clean and crisp shoulder-length hair, her faint smile emanating a sunny aura.
Chapter 284 Overjoyed
	Rosa?
	How could it be?
	It had been three months since the Jessica Dawson incident.
	Back then, when Natalia had been on Fortuna Island, she’d received an anonymous email with a recording attached. The same recording that she’d taken and played for media and police.
	Because it had been anonymous, Natalia hadn’t known who’d sent it, but there was no reason to look a gift horse in the mouth, so she’d used it anyway.
	And taken down the Dawson family with it.
	Afterwards, Natalia had sent people to trace the origin of the recording. After a few twists and turns, they found out that it was something Rosa had left her.
	She’d been shocked back then and had wanted to find Rosa to make it up to her.
	But no matter how hard she’d searched, she couldn’t find where Rosa had ended up.
	Because there’d been videos of her publicly testifying for Natalia and accusing Jessica of bribing her to drug and frame Natalia, Rosa had been a target of online abuse for quite some time.
	Even though there were still plenty of people who believed in her and supported her, most people doubted her.
	So, even though she hadn’t found her at the time, Natalia thought of it as her changing environments to quiet down for a bit, so she didn’t keep up the search.
	She hadn’t expected to see her resume here today.
	Natalia thought about it and sent a text to Rosa.
	Then she looked at the phone number on the resume and called it.
	It only took a few rings before it was picked up.
	A girl’s clear voice rang out from the other end.
	“Hello, who is this?”
	“It’s me, Rosa.” Natalia said softly.
	The receiver went quiet for an instant.
	Followed quickly by Rosa’s shocked voice.
	“Na…Natalia?”
	Natalia smiled. “Yeah. You sound surprised?”
	Rosa was caught off-guard as she explained, “N-no, I didn’t think you’d call me. How did you get my number?”
	Ever since that incident, she couldn’t take the online and media harassment and had changed her phone number.
	So there were only a handful of people who knew her number.
	Hearing her question, Natalia raised an eyebrow.
	That was a little surprising.
	“I saw the resume you sent towards Star Entertainment so I just called the number on top. Didn’t you send the resume yourself?”
	“No.”
	Rosa said, panicking. She paused, then added, “I’m sorry, I didn’t think she’d send it to you. I’ve troubled you.”
	With that, she made to hang up.
	Picking up on it, Natalia hurriedly stopped her. “Wait.”
	She frowned. “Why do I feel like you’re scared of me? I don’t recall offending you. Discounting the time that I had Nancy take you to the hotel.”
	Rosa laughed awkwardly.
	“It’s not like that, Natalia. You haven’t offended me. It’s just that I can’t face you. I’m looking for a job right now and that resume was sent out by my friend. She must not have been paying attention. I know you must hate me after all I’ve done to you… I’m really sorry.”
	Natalia chuckled.
	“No need to apologize to me. If it hadn’t been for the recordings you left back then, I wouldn’t have won so easily.”
	Hearing her say that, Rosa went silent for a while.
	“My own conscience hurt; that was all. I had to follow Jessica because of my mother’s disease, and every time I looked at the things she did, I felt like it would come back to bite. I couldn’t stop her, and oftentimes even became an accomplice. But I really didn’t mean it. That’s why I left those recordings in secret. It was also because I was afraid that I’d know too much and she’d want to silence me, so I left something to protect myself with. Afterwards, I heard about your mother, felt like it could be helpful, and gave them to you.”
	Natalia smiled. “You were right, it did help. Are you still willing to help me going forward?”
	Rosa froze, not taking her meaning.
	Natalia came out and said it. “I need a secretary. Are you willing to come over?”
	Rosa was overjoyed.
	“Me? I-is it really okay?”
	“Of course.”
	Natalia always had a good eye for people.
	Other than her misjudgment of Shawn’s character, she hadn’t had any other misses all these years.
	Even with Rosa following next to Jessica before, she’d felt that this little lady didn’t look like she was as cold and ruthless as she seemed.
	So there had to be some other reason she was being Jessica’s accomplice.
	And the truth had proved her right.
	Rosa couldn’t believe her ears, but after a while, she held in her laughter and asked nervously, “But I used to…”
	“Leave the past in the past. So long as you promise me you won’t do it again, we’ll have no problems.”
	Rosa hurriedly agreed. “I promise I’ll never do anything like this again.”
	Smiling, Natalia nodded, then shot a look at the time on her wristwatch.
	“All right, it’s getting late, so I won’t keep you. You should know how to contact Elsa. If you’ve got the time these few days, go to her and she’ll arrange everything for you.”
	Rosa said yes excitedly and thanked her again.
	Natalia hung up.
	Knowing that she was getting off work, Nancy drove over. They were shooting near Eqitin, so if she got off early, she usually went right back to Pinewood Manor to spend the night.
	And Nancy was her bodyguard and driver.
	Even walking over from a distance, Nancy could see her standing there beaming, so she asked curiously, “Did something good happen, Natalia? What’s got you so happy?”
	Natalia relayed what had happened with Rosa.
	Nancy was a little speechless after hearing that.
	She shook her head. “You say you’re a good judge of character, but I still worry. She… probably won’t contact Jessica again, right?”
	The Dawson family had been toppled, but Jessica hadn’t been locked up.
	Natalia was too busy dealing with something else to trouble herself over her, and by the time she sent out people to investigate, they couldn’t pick up her trail anymore.
	Whichever way you spun it, she was just a toothless mongrel now, and she didn’t bother wasting more energy on her, so she’d left it alone.
	Hearing Nancy ask her that, Natalia thought about it and shook her head.
	“Rosa’s a cautious girl, but she’d not a bad person. You can see that from the way she values her own mother. She might be a bit selfish in her love for her, but she can’t be that rotten. And considering she helped me by saving that recording, I should return the favor!”
	Nancy frowned.
	Natalia added, ‘After that incident, everyone knows she betrayed her employer. Even if they didn’t do anything wrong and never abused their assistants, not many people would be willing to give her a chance. She says her resume reached me because a friend sent it for her, but it might also be her way of testing my attitude by sending it to Star, since she’s got no options left. After all, other than me, who else in the entire entertainment industry would be willing to use her?”
Chapter 285 Nitpicking
	Nancy’s eyes widened with shock.
	“You saw all that?”
	Natalia nodded.
	“Then why’d you agree to let her come? If you know she’s digging a pit for you, why are you jumping in?”
	Natalia smiled.
	“How is she digging a pit for me? She’s out of options and needs a job and I need a capable experienced secretary. Isn’t it the best of both situations if she comes over? It’s a win-win, what kind of pit is this?”
	Nancy fell silent.
	After a while, she shot Natalia a grudging look.
	“Fine, if you think you can trust her again, then we’ll trust her again. But don’t worry. I’ll keep an eye on her from now on and I definitely won’t let her stab you in the back.”
	Looking at the way she was treating it like an enemy was approaching, Natalia wanted to laugh.
	Nancy was a typical all-action person.
	She felt that if someone betrayed you once, they could never be trusted again.
	But she didn’t consider that there were plenty of factors in life that forced one’s hand.
	If Natalia had to put herself in Rosa’s shoes, she had a sick mother on one side and a complete stranger on the other. She would have made the same choice.
	Natalia didn’t linger on the topic. After they got in the car, they headed straight back to Pinewood.
	It was just around nine at night when they arrived home.
	Archie had called Mrs. Dottie here from Julio, and she too was living in Pinewood Manor and taking care of the place.
	Anne, on the other hand, was still in poor health and needed to go to school, plus she had to see a doctor regularly. Both Natalia and Archie had to work, so of course they couldn’t stay with her all the time, so she remained at the old home.
	When it was the weekends or Natalia and Archie were free, only then did she come over the play.
	Natalia and Nancy got out the car and walked over to the doorway, then both sharply realized something wasn’t right.
	The lights were fully on in the mansion, and the servants were all standing in the living room. Mrs. Dottie stood at the forefront. Seeing Natalia and Nancy come in from the corner of her eye, she motioned towards them.
	Understanding, Natalia cocked an eyebrow.
	She took a few steps in and heard a harsh, severe female voice.
	“This is Eqitin, not a backwater countryside like Julio. You need to know who you’re working for. We have our own rules in the McCarthy household, so we can’t have people thinking we’re all bumpkins.”
	On the sofa at the center, Faye sat there, legs crossed, swirling a cup of tea casually and lecturing from on high.
	Hearing her words, Nancy instantly understood who she was mocking. Her face changed, and she was about to speak up.
	Natalia stopped her and placed a finger over her lips, signaling her not to make noise.
	Seeing that, Nancy tamped down on herself and took a step back.
	Faye didn’t know that Natalia had come back, so she took a sip of tea and continued, “The McCarthy house has stood for a century. We are a house of nobles, and appearances matter. Like this glass, that tea table, and those decorations over there, it’s best to make it natural. Look at this. What are you putting all over the place? Don’t speak to me about what the madam likes or what the madam’s taste is. Your madam came from a small-time town and doesn’t know much, but you’re different. You’ve all worked for different families in Eqitin. You must have had plenty of experience in other households before coming to the McCarthy family. You ought to know what’s good and what isn’t. Even if you haven’t experienced some things yourself, you should still have somewhat heard of them, no? Besides, this Pinewood Manor was the work of the most famous international designers. Every plant and blade of grass here was placed with deliberate care. Look at what you’ve made of the place. This isn’t a noble madam’s house, this is a peasant’s yard. I don’t blame you, since I know you couldn’t stop her. But now that I’m here, move all these things back to their original position. Just put them where they should be.”
	With that, she directed the servants to start picking up the house.
	Hearing all that, Natalia scoffed.
	She couldn’t hold it back anymore and strode forward. “Stop!”
	Everyone jumped and turned around, only then seeing that she’d come back.
	As they greeted her, Natalia nodded and didn’t look at them, staring straight at Faye, who stayed sitting on the sofa.
	Hearing her voice, Faye jumped too, but she’d reacted quickly enough.
	She was Archie’s aunt and had raised him from childhood, breaking her back for him.
	To put it bluntly, she was basically half his mother already.
	Before Natalia had come to Eqitin, she’d come and gone as she pleased from Pinewood Manor.
	Why could she not do the same now?
	Considering that, Faye sat down again.
	She looked noncommittally towards Natalia.
	Natalia went up and politely called, “Aunt.”
	Faye hmphed, her tone high pitched. “You’re back? You’ve heard what I told them all, then?”
	Natalia nodded. “Yes, I heard.”
	“Don’t blame me for butting in. I brought Archie up as my own, and he’s like a son to me. I know he likes you and pampers you. That’s your luck, and I can’t get involved. But seeing as you’re now a McCarthy family woman, there’s some things I have to teach you. We’re not one of those small-time families out there. The McCarthy family has its own rules and regulations. Those actions and tastes that aren’t up to par need to be abandoned as soon as you can. Learn quickly how to be a woman befitting of your own status, such that people don’t laugh at you out there.”
	Natalia scoffed.
	“What is it that I’ve done to have people laugh at me? If you know, Aunt, could you tell me?”
	Frowning, Faye harrumphed, “You don’t even know what you’ve done, and you’ve got the nerve to ask? Take a look yourself.”
	She said, and pointed at a nearby closet.
	“If I remember things correctly, there’d been some expensive antique vases in here. Why are they all switched out for this stuff now? Do you know how much had been spent designing and renovating Pinewood Manor? Everything in here was placed with delicate intention. Did you ever ask for Archie’s opinion before you moved them? Did you ask for mine?”
	Natalia chuckled coldly.
	“I don’t get it, Aunt. This is Archie’s home and mine. I only switched out some decorations. Why would I ask for your opinion?”
	“You!”
	Faye blew her top.
	“Because I’d gifted those antique vases to Archie to begin with, and I’m Archie’s aunt…”
	“I know.”
Chapter 286 A Bit Strange
	Natalia paused, then said lowly, “Because you’re Archie’s aunt and considering that you took care of him when you were young, I’ve kept up my manners with you. But I’m a relatively strange person and I don’t like people meddling in my private affairs. If you must, please forgive me for disagreeing with your methods. Also, Pinewood Manor is my home. If you must come, please notify me beforehand. As for those antique vases, I didn’t know that they’d been your gifts, but don’t worry. I just had people put them away. If you want them, I can have them send them back, each piece as it was.”
	And then she really had people go and collect those vases.
	Faye’s face contorted with rage.
	“Don’t play dumb with me, Natalia! Do you think I’m talking about the vase? I’m saying you don’t deserve Archie! You’re just an ignorant woman who knows nothing. You really think you’re somebody now that Archie cherishes you. You think he’ll cherish you forever? I’m telling you, there’s only one matriarch of the McCarthy family, and that’s…”
	“Faye!”
	A clear bark came from the doorway.
	Followed quickly by Archie striding in.
	Seeing him, Faye swallowed her words and turned her expression one hundred and eighty degrees around. Her original glare turned into a smile as she greeted him.
	“You’re back, Archie?”
	Archie frowned harshly.
	“What are you doing here?”
	Seeing his unfriendly face, Faye forced a chuckle.
	“Nothing. I just passed by today and stopped to look around.”
	Pausing, she added, “I just saw her take down the antique vases I gave you from before and got a little uncomfortable at the idea, so I was a bit heavy with my words. I didn’t mean anything by it, but your wife’s speaking of it like I want to take them all back, it’s just…”
	She didn’t finish the sentence, but her meaning was clear.
	Basically, she found Jessica petty.
	As a senior, they still had to watch their behavior.
	Archie shot her a look.
	“I had people put those vases away.”
	Faye started.
	Natalia opened her mouth to say something, then shut it.
	Reacting, Faye laughed awkwardly.
	“Is that so… seems like it was a misunderstanding, then, haha… I thought it was Natalia who put them away! You’re probably too young to appreciate this sort of old-fashioned bauble. If you don’t like it, I’ll bring some other ones another time.”
	Archie cut her off. “No need for that.”
	He took up Natalia’s hand.
	“Was there anything else? If not, you should head back soon. Natalia and I are both tired and want to rest.”
	Faye’s smile stiffened again.
	After a while, she nodded.
	“Nothing else. If that’s the case, I won’t interrupt your rest. I’m leaving. Goodbye.”
	She slunk off.
	As Faye left, Natalia looked at her receding back, frowning.
	Thinking she was still unhappy about what happened, Archie sighed and explained, “She’s just that type of person. Don’t take it personally. I’ll put people on watch next time so she doesn’t barge in.”
	Natalia shook her head.
	“No, I just think it’s strange.”
	“Oh?”
	Natalia turned back towards Archie.
	“Don’t you think it’s strange that she’d run over, throw a tantrum, then ask about the vase?”
	The moment she said that, Archie felt it was strange too.
	With her personality, Faye might have been neurotic, petty, harsh, and nitpicky, always doing inappropriate things.
	But when it came to money and property, she was pretty generous.
	No matter how much she didn’t like Natalia and wanted to find something wrong with her, she couldn’t be raising a fuss over things’ she’d given out on her own.
	After all, the items had been given already. People were free to do what they wanted with it, so what did it have to do with her?
	But she seemed to have come here deliberately to bring those things up.
	Considering that, Archie had to frown too.
	Natalia murmured, “I’d had them put the vases away because I thought it was troublesome to have the servants look after them so carefully every day in case they fell and break. That’s why I switched them out for something good-looking and practical. I didn’t think she’d come over today and lecture me about this of all things. I feel like she’s deliberately bringing it up with some other meaning.”
	Archie nodded, then comforted, “Don’t overthink it. I’ll send people to investigate this matter. If she comes over again, just ignore her.”
	Natalia nodded.
	The following day, Natalia headed to shoot as usual, and while she rested, she randomly heard a couple of actors discussing a jewel auction in Eqitin three days from now.
	She wasn’t interested in jewelry, but then she remembered that in another month, it’d be the old lady’s seventieth birthday.
	The old lady didn’t have any particular interests, but she loved to collect pretty jewelry.
	Apparently, when she was young, she’d even apprenticed herself to learn jewelry design.
	An auction that could be discussed like this had to be pretty large scale, which meant that plenty of rare pieces ought to appear.
	Natalia thought it over, asked where the auction was being held from the two actors, and told Archie so he could get two tickets to look around that day.
	Three days later, at the auction.
	Natalia was in a black lacy one-piece with a red jacket over the top. With a hat on her head, she kept it low-profile.
	Archie, on the other hand, was in a black suit and looked as impeccable as ever. The two took their auction tags and sat down at their designated spots.
	They weren’t seated at the front. Natalia hadn’t wanted to draw attention, so she’d asked for the third row down the middle.
	Unexpectedly, they sat down and saw a familiar figure walk over.
	“Max? What’s he doing here?”
	As the heir to the Nixon family of the four great families of Eqitin, Max wasn’t like the rest of his brothers. He was a flamboyant type who didn’t play by the rules, and a year-round playboy. He’d given both his family elders plenty of headaches before.
	Max had seen them too. As low-key as Natalia had kept herself, Archie was sitting there, after all.
	Other people might not have seen Archie often and probably wouldn’t recognize him at first glance, but he’d grown up with him, so he recognized him right away.
	“Archie, Natalia!”
	Max exclaimed excitedly, about to run over.
	Afraid that he’d draw attention with his motions, Natalia put a finger to her lips and shushed him.
Chapter 287 Spewing Nonsense
	Max slowed his footsteps and sneaked over when the lights dimmed, and people weren’t aware.
	“What are you doing here, Archie, Natalia?”
	“If you could come, why can’t we?”
	Thinking it was funny, Natalia teased.
	Max didn’t mind. He spoke up himself. “To tell you the truth, this auction is hosted by our family. After you stay here a while and take a liking to some pieces, you can tell me, and I’ll have people reserve them for you so nobody takes them instead.”
	Natalia was a bit taken aback, while Archie looked at him and said, “If you can do that, why don’t you just give them to us?”
	Max lulled.
	“That’s… that’s a bit too much, Archie. You know that my Dad holds the financial power in the family. If I really gave it to you, he’d probably break my kneecaps.”
	Natalia laughed. At that moment, a young man walked over from a corner of the lobby.
	“Archie, Natalia.”
	The newcomer was in a deep gray suit. With clearly defined features and a bookish smile, he emanated an aura of quiet elegance.
	Natalia had seen him once and knew he was a friend of Archie’s. A genius doctor by the name of Louis Brown. She stood up hurriedly and greeted him.
	Louis hadn’t thought he’d meet them here. Curious, he asked, “You’re interested in jewelry too, Natalia?”
	He knew that Archie certainly wasn’t.
	Natalia smiled. “No, I’m just looking around.”
	Hearing that, Louis nodded and didn’t ask on.
	Seeing the way things were, Max decided not to go to the front at all and had people switch his seats. He pulled Louis over to the back row and sat down alongside Archie and Natalia.
	“I’m telling you, Archie, there’s a few good pieces on sale tonight that all fit Natalia perfectly. When they come out, I’ll point you. Pay attention!”
	Natalia hurriedly stopped him.
	“Hold it. Don’t egg him on. We’re just here to look around and didn’t think of buying anything.”
	Max snickered.
	“Come on, Natalia, women can’t skimp on themselves, you know. If you don’t spend this money, someone else will spend it for you. Besides, Archie’s got plenty of money for you to…”
	Before he could finish, he received a whack on the head.
	Max yelped and covered his skull, looking pitifully over at Archie.
	“Come on, Archie, there was no need to hit me out of nowhere.”
	Archie’s expression was dark as he muttered, “Will you shut up? Want me to toss you out?”
	Max made a motion of sealing his mouth and showed that he wasn’t going to talk anymore.
	Archie gripped Natalia’s hand and murmured, “Don’t listen to the nonsense he’s spewing. My money is your money, and it doesn’t have anything to do with other women.”
	Natalia couldn’t help but laugh.
	Max grumbled about Archie’s slavish devotion internally but didn’t voice it as he waited for the auction to start.
	Soon, everyone had arrived, and the event began in earnest.
	Natalia still remembered the red coral necklace that Archie had given her last time. She’d felt that that one fit the old lady very well. After all, she was young and didn’t have too many occasions to use a piece like that.
	The old lady, though, with her age, liked these crimson and emerald things, even just to look at.
	But Archie had given her those, so it wouldn’t do to regift them. She could only hope that something similar would come up tonight so they didn’t attend for nothing.
	Knowing how she thought, Archie whispered in her ear, “That necklace is actually a sister sit of emeralds. But Faye has that one. Since Grandma’s having her seventieth birthday, she’ll probably give it out.”
	Natalia blinked and frowned.
	“Then should we switch to something else? It would be a bit awkward if we all gifted her jewelry, right?”
	Archie shook his head.
	“The old lady just wants to be happy. Everyone has their own ideas. No need to get worked up over it.”
	Natalia nodded.
	Louis was seated at the side, so he’d naturally heard their conversation.
	He leant over and spoke lowly, “I painted a landscape for the old lady’s birthday. I’ve got it at home. It’s not worth much, and it’s just something from the heart. If you’ve got the time, Archie, come look it over. If there’s anything not right, tell me so I can fix it.”
	Louis wasn’t just a good doctor, he was also an excellent painter. He was particularly good at drawing landscapes. It was said that his work was somewhat reminiscent of the old Brown family patriarch.
	Archie nodded.
	“Grandma’s always liked you. Whatever you draw, she’ll be okay with. No need to worry.”
	Louis smiled.
	Max, though, couldn’t sit by.
	“I’m telling you, Granny McCarthy’s biased. Every time Louis goes over, she’s fawning over him like he’s her own grandson, while she just looks at me and calls me a rascal. Oh, oh, and last year for her birthday, Louis just gave her a can of tea leaves and got her ridiculously happy. But the gold-silk pillowcase I fought so hard to buy outside the country got one glance and nothing else. It was too hurtful.”
	Louis remarked, “That’s because I put my heart into it. Your pillowcase looked interesting, but it wasn’t innovative.”
	“But it was expensive! I spent a lot on it.”
	“My tea leaves aren’t cheap, either.”
	“One measly jar of leaves can’t be as expensive as my pillowcase.”
	“Even if it isn’t, it means more to her than your pillowcase.”
	“Oho, Louis, you’re just trying to pick a fight with me today, aren’t you?”
	“…”
	Seeing the two start to wrestle about, Natalia hurriedly interrupted.
	“Hang on. The pillowcase you’re talking about – is it the Imperial Phoenix-pattern gold-silk pillowcase they excavated recently?”
	Hearing that she knew the pillowcase, Max piped up. “Yes, that’s exactly it. Gotta hand it to Natalia to know what she’s talking about.”
	Natalia chuckled awkwardly.
	“No, I’m just curious how insensitive you have to be to give someone a pillow that a dead person slept on as a birthday present. Are you trying to curse her?”
	“…”
	Louis and Archie burst out laughing.
	Max tried desperately to retort. “What do you mean a dead person slept on it? In that case, a lot of antiques can’t be used, then?”
	Natalia smirked.
	“Well, I didn’t say that, but it was a burial item, you know. I just think it’s a bit foreboding to use something that’s been entombed as a birthday present, you know…”
	“Fine!”
	Max blustered. “All right, all three of you are joining forces to bully me today, are you! Well, then I’ll stop talking to you, since none of you get it!”
	With that, he crossed his arms and turned to the side, sulking.
Chapter 288 Fighting for Attention
	Natalia couldn’t hold in her laughter. She’d thought it was fun to tease him and wasn’t seriously trying to make him mad.
	So she nudged his shoulder.
	“Okay, I was just teasing, don’t take it seriously!”
	At that moment, an astonished voice rang out from her left.
	“Natalia? You’re here too?”
	The group turned to look. It was Laura.
	After a year of work, Laura was now a full member of Star Entertainment.
	She still couldn’t match up with the top rated actors, but she was still a star with twenty or thirty million fans now. The most important thing was that her popularity was stable and her abilities were rising. She had a bright future ahead of her.
	Because of that, she was one of the actors being developed full force by Star Entertainment.
	If Natalia’s memory served, she should have been shooting a period drama recently, with a script that she handed her herself.
	Why had she appeared here of all places?
	Natalia was a bit taken aback, while compared to her surprise, Laura seemed a bit uncomfortable.
	She hadn’t come alone. A young man was seated next to her.
	The man looked to be in his twenties. He looked well-mannered and handsome. With gold-rimmed glasses, he appeared as an elite of the business world.
	Noticing Natalia’s gaze falling next to her, Laura pursed her lips.
	She didn’t hide it in the end.
	Taking a look at the people sitting around Natalia, she introduced a little shyly, “This is Edward Beton from the Beton Group. The cast is having a break this afternoon and I’m interested in jewelry, so I came over with him for a look.”
	Then she introduced Edward to Natalia’s group.
	Max’s expression visibly crumbled.
	The other people didn’t notice his state. Archie and Laura were only acquaintances because she was a friend and colleague of Natalie’s.
	Forget Louis.
	He wasn’t in the entertainment circles, and his family business was about as far away from the media industry as it could get.
	Besides, he was entirely devoted to studying medicine all day long. At most, he’d paint in his free time. He didn’t like watching television, and disliked going on the internet even more.
	To quote Max, you wouldn’t be able to tell the difference if you threw him into the mountains and had him live as a hermit.
	Because of that, as famous as Laura was getting, he didn’t recognize her.
	As Natalia introduced her, he simply greeted her with a polite smile and didn’t speak.
	Natalia nodded.
	She didn’t know who this Edward was, but she’d heard that he was an up-and-coming new star in the financial sector. He’d just come back after studying overseas, and was a stand-up lad.
	She greeted him mildly.
	Edward returned her greeting with the same politeness, then turned his attention to the relatively silent Archie.
	“I’ve heard of you before, Mr. McCarthy, I’d just never had to chance to see you. Since we’ve had the luck to meet here today, would you perhaps accompany me for a midnight snack after the auction is over? I’ve actually studied at the same university in Othua as you have, so we’re technically alumni brothers…”
	Before he could finish, Archie cut in.
	“Sorry. I don’t do midnight snacks.”
	“…”
	Anyone clear-eyed could tell that “midnight snack” really just meant looking for an opportunity to make connections.
	The Beton Group couldn’t match up to the four great families, but they had some status in Ambario. They were especially close with the Bissel family, with some relationships amongst their families.
	The McCarthy and Bissel families might have competed fiercely in recent years, but not to the point of becoming enemies.
	Because of that, no matter how much Archie didn’t want to associate with a Beton who was in turn close to the Bissels, he still had to show some respect.
	But here in front of so many people, Archie had shot Edward down right away, leaving him in an awkward situation.
	Laura hurriedly chuckled and came up to smooth things over.
	“It’s true that Mr. McCarthy doesn’t have midnight snacks. It’s all right. We can make an appointment for another day. Wouldn’t you say, Edward?”
	Edward nodded and managed to extricate himself from the situation, even though he didn’t look happy about it.
	“If that’s the case, then I won’t press the matter. Anything the two of you want, I’ll help you with it.”
	To the side, Max raised a fuss.
	Sourly, he rambled, “Well, well, well. Somebody’s a rich tycoon, eh? If you want to cover Natalia and Archie’s tab, then why don’t you cover mind and Louis’ parts as well?”
	Edward chuckled.
	“That’s funny, Mr. Nixon. Everyone knows the Nixon family is hosting this auction. I couldn’t steal your thunder!”
	Max continued to sneer.
	“You couldn’t steal my thunder but you could steal Archie’s then? You mean to say that he can’t afford the things on auction here and needs you to help him out, then?”
	Edward’s face changed in an instant.
	He shot a look at Archie and hurriedly clarified.
	“That’s not what I meant.”
	“Then what did you mean?”
	“…”
	He’d stayed overseas for years and had heard that these Eqitin boys were hard to deal with. He didn’t think they’d be this hard to deal with, though.
	Louis was unwilling to let things descend further, so he tugged on Max’s sleeve.
	“That’s quite enough, Max.”
	Max scoffed.
	“I just don’t like it when someone pretends to wear big boy pants in front of me!”
	Edward’s expression was turning downwards. Seeing that, Natalia gestured at Laura with her eyes.
	Laura hurriedly dragged Edward away with her.
	“The auction’s starting, Edward. Let’s not talk here and get in other people’s way. Let’s go over and sit down.”
	Edward nodded and let Laura take his arm as they left.
	Max’s face grew even uglier.
	Natalia looked at him and sighed.
	Since Max had stood up for Laura last time at the charity dinner, Natalia had felt that something wasn’t quite right between them.
	But she didn’t know Max that well, and despite being one of the celebrities under her banner, the two hadn’t really been in a relationship and Laura was a girl who knew how far to take things. As an outsider, it wouldn’t do to intrude too much.
	Looked like someone was tasting sour grapes, though.
	Natalia ignored them and concentrated on the pieces onstage.
	As Max had said, there were a lot of intricately designed jewelry pieces on sale tonight.
	None of them were to Natalia’s liking, though.
	On the other hand, Max bought up several sets in one go.
	All to compete with Edward.
	Every time Edward raised his tag, Max raised the stakes.
	Edward also seemed like he wanted to impress his partner tonight, so every time a new piece came up on auction, he’d ask Laura’s opinion.
Chapter 289 Sabotage
	Anything that Laura showed a trace of liking, he raised his tag right away.
	The Beton Group was in real estate and construction properties, and was a national forerunner in that industry, so they had a lot of financial power.
	As the only son of the Chairman, Edward naturally didn’t want for money.
	Normally, when it came to chasing girls, Edward didn’t care about how much money he spent. So long as the girl was happy, he used as much as he want.
	Today, though, he’d come across Max.
	Everything he wanted, Max upped the ante on.
	He could have taken it before, but as things went on, the prices were getting more and more insane.
	As if it really was just numbers instead of actual money.
	Edward had money, but money wasn’t supposed to be spent this way.
	A bracelet only worth five hundred thousand was forcefully upped to thirty million by Max.
	If he hadn’t known that it was Max Nixon, the renowned young punk of Eqitin, he’d have suspected he was getting scammed.
	Laura was seeing that something was wrong, too. She glared at Max where he sat above them, then turned back to talk Edward out of it.
	“Never mind, Edward, if Mr. Nixon wants it that badly then let him have it! We’ll take a look at what comes after.”
	She didn’t understand, though, that there were some moments where a man just had to stand his ground for the woman he loved.
	Edward had already started to sense that Max was only raising the stakes with him for Laura, sitting right next to his side.
	After all, they weren’t seated together, but Edward’s seat was directly in front of Max and gang. He couldn’t have ignored the burning gaze on his back even if he tried.
	Thoroughly provoked, Edward didn’t listen to Laura and raised the stakes.
	After all, if he gave up now, that would mean admitting that he lost.
	No man would give up while he could still compete.
	After all, at a time like this, in their eyes they weren’t buying a bracelet. They were buying their manly pride.
	Then Max gave up right after he raised the price again.
	Edward froze to the spot.
	What happened to their manly contest?
	What’s up with the lofty Mr. Nixon stopping at thirty-five million?
	He looked over in astonishment and saw Max sneering at him, mouthing two syllables exaggeratedly.
	Dumbass!
	“...”
	Laura saw his mouth move too, her expression changing.
	Even a complete moron could tell that Max was just messing with him!
	Lowering her voice, she said to Edward, “That bracelet is just too expensive. He’s clearly just trying to sabotage you. Let’s stop it here!”
	Edward forced a smile.
	“It’s fine. You like it, right? It’ll be worth it for your smile. It’s just a bit of money. No need to care about that much.”
	He felt like he was getting ripped off, but he absolutely couldn’t say it.
	Compared to losing face, these millions were nothing.
	Laura bit her lip.
	She furrowed her delicate brow, hesitated, and said, “I know Mr. Nixon from before. He must have some misunderstanding of our relationship to go after you like this. Want me to go explain things to him?”
	She really didn’t want a rift driven between Max and Edward over her.
	Edward turned to look at her.
	A light smile floated up his handsome face.
	“Then there’s even less reason to go. I’m glad to have a rare chance to have someone misunderstand our relationship. How could I let you explain things?”
	Laura floundered.
	Edward hurriedly laughed it off. “Just a joke. Don’t mind me.”
	Laura forced a few chuckles, still a bit irritated at Max’s behavior.
	Seeing that, Edward patted her hand.
	“Don’t take it seriously. We’re out here for fun. Worst comes to worse, if he tries it again, I’ll stop raising.”
	Laura breathed a sigh of relief and nodded.
	Meanwhile, Natalia had seen everything and snickered, “What, Mr. Nixon, you’re not jealous, are you?”
	Max’s face changed and he sputtered, “Nonsense, I’m not jealous; who does she think she is? I don’t even know her, why would I be jealous?”
	“Tsk tsk tsk, who was it that ran over to save her and clear her name? Now you’re trying to sabotage some other man’s efforts to court her? If that’s not jealousy, I don’t know what is.”
	Max’s face took a blow at those words.
	Gritting his teeth, he said with a low voice, “That’s quite a lot of assumptions you’re making, Natalia. I’m just trying to make some extra income for our auction. What’s that have to do with jealousy? Besides, I only helped her out seeing as she’s one of your people, you know? Some friend you are turning it on me instead of being grateful!”
	Natalia looked at the way he had to keep his temper down and found it all really amusing.
	“All right, since you’re saying that, I’ll show my gratefulness by investigating her relationship with Mr. Beton over there. I’ll tell you afterwards.”
	Max had no words.
	Next to them, Louis had to chuckle too.
	But compared to Max’s flamboyancy, he was a lot more mature about it.
	“If I remember things correctly, didn’t we have an officer in the barracks by the name of Davies? He had a daughter who had a lot of fun with Max back then.”
	Natalia could hear some gossip forming and leant over to listen.
	Max’s face changed completely, though, and he turned to glare at Louis, threatening, “Don’t say it!”
	Louis grinned. “Well, it’s not some big secret. Archie knows it too. Even if you don’t say it now, Archie will tell her when they get back.”
	After a brief pause, he added, “Besides, don’t you like her? What are you feeling guilty about?”
	Max was struck dumb momentarily.
	Archie then said slowly, “Oh, right, I remember that officer. His daughter went by Laura too, didn’t she? But our family moved out of the barracks the earliest, so I can’t remember all the details. Still, I recall that the Nixon family was the last to move out, and the officer was one of old man Nixon’s men. It’s natural for Max to be closer to them.
	The McCarthy, Bissel, Kawn and Nixon families were called the four great families not just because of their immense power and wealth, dominating Ambario, but also because each of their ancestors had been wartime heroes, so many of their descendants also worked within the military.
	It wasn’t until these two generations that they turned towards the business sector.
Chapter 290 An Awkward Situation
	Before they’d turned to business, everyone had lived in a single barracks.
	Because of that, Max and Laura had met.
	Natalia finally understood.
	She’d been wondering why Max and Laura seemed to know each other.
	Now that things had gotten this far, there was nothing to hide.
	Max pouted discontentedly and muttered, “My grandfather had an incident back then and Officer Davies left the military. Then he left Eqitin as well, and I lost contact with Laura. I didn’t think we’d only meet again now, after all this time.”
	At that, even Louis seemed a little saddened.
	He was about to say something when Natalia patted Max on the shoulder and comforted, “It’s all right, you know. It’s not too late to meet up now, and you can still win her over. You’re both still young, in your twenties. Just right, I’d say!”
	Max instantly blushed.
	“Don’t say it like that, Natalia! I-I’ve known her since we were both in nappies. Even if we felt anything for each other, it’d just be brotherly affection and nothing else.”
	Louis actually agreed with that.
	If people started out too close, it made the situation awkward.
	Or else he wouldn’t be single up to this point.
	Thinking of the faces he saw twenty-four hours a day except for when he ate and slept, he could feel just how slim his chances were of romance.
	Seeing Max’s defensive state, Natalia nodded knowingly.
	“Oh, I’ve got it. Hmm, that’s okay. Brotherly affection it is. I don’t go out of my way to look at gay relationships, but if you’ve got thoughts like that, I don’t have an opinion on it.”
	“Natalia!!!”
	Max went berserk, only swiftly calmly down at Archie’s cool stare.
	Because there was too much on auction, they’d split the event into two halves with an intermission.
	Having been teased too much by Natalia, Max took a phone call and said it was business.
	He didn’t linger any longer and left after saying his goodbyes to the group during intermission.
	Louis was on break today, and it was rare that he could get a whole day to himself to relax. Naturally, he was unwilling to go back so quickly, so he stayed and continued to attend the auction with them.
	When the latter half of the auction began, Natalia’s sharp eye noticed hat Laura and Edward were gone too. They must have left as well.
	Jokes aside, she wasn’t gossipy enough to pry into people’s private affairs, so she didn’t pay it any mind.
	The items on auction for the latter half were even more lavish than the ones in the first half.
	Natalia say a few pieces that she liked, but since they only needed one present, she didn’t rush to raise her tag and continued to wait.
	Until a bright emerald set appeared.
	With Natalia’s attention to detail, she noticed right away that that set was quite similar to the one Archie had given her.
	Archie had noticed too. He frowned, muttering, “That’s the set that Aunt Faye has.”
	Natalia was bewildered.
	“Then what’s it doing here?”
	Archie shook his head to show he didn’t know, either.
	Now that Max wasn’t here, they couldn’t go and ask someone else, so they stayed and watched.
	This set, like the red coral set, was also passed down from royalty, so they were hotly contested the moment they arrived.
	Everyone knew that it was a once-in-a-millennia event to have something like this on auction.
	Because of that, they were willing to spend on this one. Besides, the people who could attend this auction weren’t pressed for money in the first place.
	So the competition intensified even more, reaching the point of three hundred million.
	Natalia was a little nervous as she shot a look at Archie, who remained silent with his face dark.
	Louis had seen Natalia’s set of jewelry before, so he recognized that the set had something to do with the McCarthy family.
	Hearing Natalia and Archie say what they just said earlier, it wasn’t hard for him to guess that something must have happened.
	He muttered, “Want to buy it up, Archie?”
	Archie shook his head.
	“Don’t rush right now.”
	As expected, someone raised the price again.
	This time, they upped it to three hundred and thirty million!
	This set of jewelry might have been a sister set with the red coral pieces, but it wasn’t this expensive.
	So three hundred thirty million was the limit!
	Not a peep could be heard inside the auction hall as everyone waited for the final results.
	Seeing that, the host banged on the gavel.
	“Three hundred thirty million going once!
	“Three hundred thirty million going twice!
	“Three hundred thirty million…”
	“Four hundred million!”
	A clear, cool voice rang out. Everyone looked towards its source.
	When they saw the man sitting there, they sucked in a shocked breath.
	Archie McCarthy?
	Why him of all people?
	What was he doing here?
	No, when had he come in the first place? How had nobody known?
	Archie was known for keeping a low profile. Even though people know that, seeing him here all of a sudden was still strange.
	Seeing the situation unfold, the host yelled excitedly, “This gentleman has offered four hundred million! Can we get any higher? Does anyone want to go higher than four hundred million?”
	Silence. No one spoke.
	Four hundred million? That was madness!
	However valuable this jewelry set was, it wasn’t this valuable.
	Besides, if they were talking collector’s value, the red coral sister set was worth far more. If it was that set, six hundred million wouldn’t be enough.
	Seeing that nobody was raising the price, the host banged on the gavel and sold the jewels to Archie.
	As the auction continued, several nice pieces followed.
	Natalia chose a jade bracelet of emperor green and bought it for the old lady’s seventieth birthday.
	With the auction over, the trio left together.
	Knowing that Archie was here, gossip and activity was unavoidable.
	Everyone who had attended were the upper crust wealthy and nobility of Eqitin.
	Archie didn’t like scenes like this, but he still had to keep up appearances.
	Because of that, they only managed to escape after over half an hour.
	Louis had come here in the same car as Max. Since Max had left alone, he’d taken the car too, so Louis had Archie drive him home instead.
	As the three got on, Natalia opened the box to the jade bracelet, looked it over to make sure everything was in order, and put it away.
	Louis mused, “Archie, what’s Aunt Faye’s jewels doing in a place like this? The McCarthy family’s not pressed for money, right?”
	Archie’s face was wooden as he murmured, “Grandma and the rest of them probably don’t know about this.”
	In other words, Faye had gone behind the family’s back to sell off that set of jewelry.
	Hearing that, Louis was even more shocked.
	Faye had stayed unmarried. Single at almost forty years of age, she still behaved like a child, often doing things that were completely inappropriate.
Chapter 291 Something Else Going On
	But as bad as she got, she couldn’t be this untrustworthy.
	The old lady had given her this set of jewelry before, saying that it was saved up for her as a dowry. Since she wasn’t getting married, she just gave it to her outright.
	The sentimental value of these jewels was apparent.
	Louis looked at him and moved his lips slightly, as if to say something.
	Still, he held it in.
	Faye was Archie’s aunt by blood, after all. And because Archie’s parents had passed early on, she’d taken great care of him from childhood. So even if they realized something was wrong with her, it wouldn’t do to say it too directly.
	Natalia understood how Louis was thinking.
	The only difference was, she suddenly remembered a few days ago, when Faye had suddenly come to Pinewood Manor and brought up the matter of the antiques.
	“Archie, do you remember how, four days ago, Aunt Faye came to the mansion and threw a tantrum that I shouldn’t have switched out her antiques?”
	Archie nodded. “I remember. Why?”
	“I always felt it was a bit strange. Aunt Faye never used to care about this sort of thing, so why did she suddenly run over and ask about those antiques? Do you think she’d wanted to take those antiques back in the first place and didn’t want to ask, so she threw a tantrum to provoke me into returning them and only held off when you came back…”
	Archie frowned.
	Louis didn’t know what had gone down that day, but he was a smart person. Just from Natalia’s few words, he’d gotten a basic grasp of the situation.
	He shot Archie a meaningful look.
	Archie fell silent for a while and muttered, “I’ve already sent Brian to investigate. He should turn up some results in a couple days. No matter what it is, this set of jewelry shouldn’t have ended up in a place like this. When we’re done investigating, I’ll ask Aunt Faye about it directly.”
	Natalia nodded.
	Seeing that, Louis patted him on the shoulder.
	“Don’t overthink it, either. The McCarthy family is in a spot right now where it’s easy to get things blown out of proportion, but you’re not at the point where everyone’s a potential enemy. Investigate it first, then we’ll see.”
	Archie nodded.
	The group left with their worries gnawing at them.
	Archie took Louis back to his research facility first before driving back with Natalia.
	However, the moment they arrived home, he received a call from Brian.
	“I’ve turned up something in the investigation you tasked me with, Mr. McCarthy.”
	Archie paused, his expression darkening.
	“Speak.”
	Brian told him his findings.
	Seeing Archie’s face sink lower and lower, Natalia walked over, worried, and grasped his hand.
	After a while, he said, “I’ve got it. Send people to keep an eye on things and don’t move without my order.”
	Brian complied on the other end, and Archie hung up.
	Natalia hurriedly asked, “Have you found anything? What’s happened?”
	Archie scoffed.
	He didn’t say it directly, instead simply looking at her.
	“Come with me somewhere tomorrow, and you’ll find out.”
	“…”
	…
	The next day, Natalia took a holiday from shooting and went out with Archie.
	The two sat in the car with Brian driving. Nancy was on there too as they walked towards the rock prospecting center.
	Before they left, when Archie told her the address, Natalia had already guessed the gist of it.
	She was still somewhat surprised.
	The McCarthy family had a strict upbringing. To have been able to develop so far, other than the abilities and talents of the family members themselves, self-discipline was also very important.
	Every generation of McCarthy was forbidden from getting involved in sex, gambling, and drugs. Especially gambling, which was explicitly forbidden.
	Rock prospecting couldn’t really count as gambling, but there was that same element of luck there.
	If Faye really had taken that set of jewelry to auction, that proved that she was at her wits end.
	Having gotten herself to this stage over prospecting, then it was basically gambling.
	The group drove for half an hour or so and arrived at the scene.
	There was a big gathering of prospectors here today. They stopped the car and headed to the door, already finding plenty of people had arrived.
	There was a sea of heads inside, and shoulders brushed against shoulders. Everyone wore heavy, or curious, or excited expressions.
	The group strolled inwards.
	Inside was the lobby for prospectors, where all sorts of freshly mined stones were on display. With luck, if there was good ore inside one of them, an investment here could catapult someone straight into a fortune.
	With bad luck, though, some people lost everything here in one night.
	Because of that, rock prospecting was even more exciting than cards.
	“Here to pick rocks? Haven’t seen you here before. First time?”
	The moment they went in, someone came up to them.
	Natalia was wearing a low-rim baseball cap, so she wasn’t afraid of getting recognized.
	She looked at the person who’d approached them. He was bald, with a big belly, his face flashing with enthused excitement, like a wolf eyeing a fat chunk of meat. It was inexplicably discomfiting to look at him.
	Brian blocked off in front of them and said, “Just looking around.”
	The newcomer rubbed his hands and smiled, “Of course. Then feel free to look around. If you don’t understand anything, feel free to ask at the counter.”
	He said, and pointed to a counter not far away.
	Natalia looked at it, chuckling.
	Didn’t think they’d have such well-developed service.
	She nodded and murmured, “Thank you.”
	The man left and didn’t pay them any more mind.
	The group of four toured the place. There were rocks of differing size on display, all tagged with numbers.
	There were sizable crowds in front of each rock, pointing and commenting on the rocks over their potential value.
	If they saw ones that they liked, they could buy it up right there.
	There were options to cut the rock here or to take it away and have your own people cut into the ore.
	Natalia murmured, voice low, “Do you think we can find Aunt Faye here?”
	Archie’s voice was low and cold.
	“This is a large-scale prospecting operation. I hear a batch of ore’s been freshly mined a while ago. If she’s really gotten deep into prospecting like we think, she’ll definitely come.”
	Natalia nodded.
	Faye looked ill-mannered, but since she was from the McCarthy family, she wasn’t easy to deal with.
	Even though Natalia and Archie had found something wrong with her, if they didn’t catch her in the act, she might not admit it.
	So the two could only come here directly today.
	They walked around the place and didn’t see Faye yet. They did come across a few people who dragged them over to look at ores, though.
	Some were workers, others were passionate customers.
	A few of them were dressed well and behaved even better. Obviously, they weren’t regular people. They started chatting.
Chapter 292 The Prospecting Scene
	Archie naturally ignored them, but Natalia didn’t want to draw attention and ruin her cover, so she politely engaged.
	At that moment, Nancy whispered, “She’s here.”
	Natalia’s gut clenched and she looked over. At the doorway, a lavishly dressed lady walked inside, accompanied by a man.
	The woman was in a woolen coat and clutching a limited-edition handbag. Her hair was impeccable, and she emanated sophistication and elegance.
	Still, though, she wore a glum face as she walked inside, listening to the man next to her.
	Halfway there, she stopped, looked towards the man, and said a few angry words.
	Because they were too far away, Natalia couldn’t hear her clearly.
	The two didn’t look happy, though, so it couldn’t be anything pleasant.
	She murmured towards Archie, “Should we go over now?”
	Archie’s expression sharpened slightly. “Wait. Let’s see where this goes.”
	Natalia nodded.
	After the two argued for a few minutes, they stopped. The man turned to leave while Faye stayed there. The meeting hadn’t gone well, apparently.
	Natalia chuckled, “Looks like they’ve got a strange connection with each other. Have you seen him before?”
	Archie shook his head.
	Natalia thought about it, then gave Brian an order.
	“Follow that man out. Investigate his background and history.”
	Brian nodded and went outside.
	The three continued to stand there. After a while, it seemed Faye had calmed down and started walking back inside.
	The trio followed. After a while, she’d found the bald man who’d come up to them earlier and given him a whole pack of cash.
	Archie’s face darkened.
	Faye was dealing with him.
	“Here’s a hundred thousand. It’s not a lot, but it’s all I can take out right now. You promised me I wouldn’t net a loss, but look at me now! I don’t care, you have to make it all back! Otherwise, I won’t let you go!”
	The man stroked the cash in his hands and grinned, “Why so angry, Miss McCarthy? Prospecting is about luck in the first place. Besides, I’ve always introduced ores that turned out to be valuable, haven’t I? You were just too greedy and wanted a big sweepstakes. What could I have done about that?”
	Mentioning that, Faye’s temper flared.
	“Didn’t you encourage me back then? Saying that it was all expertly examined with precious stones inside, and that buying up enough could make me a shareholder here. I believed you, so how could you shirk your relationship now?”
	The man chuckled. “Fine, I’ll skip those useless platitudes. The past is the past. But Miss McCarthy, one hundred thousand isn’t going to net you anything here, you know? Want to sweeten the pot?”
	Faye snapped, “You know full well I don’t have the money!”
	The man tutted and shook his head.
	“You’re joking. As a lady of the McCarthy family with your brother and his wife both dead, at least half of the McCarthy property has to be in your pocket now, right? I don’t believe you really don’t have any money.”
	Faye’s face changed right then and there.
	She glared at him and snarled, “I’m warning you. My business is my business. Don’t bring up my brother or his wife!”
	The man shook his head.
	“Fine, my bad. But a hundred thousand isn’t even going to get you a rock the size of your finger. If you don’t have the money, then come here next time. How’s that?”
	Faye insisted, “Why should I come next time? How much money did I spend on you already? Has to be about several hundred million already. Now you’re telling me my money’s no good? And don’t I have a share here? Why can’t I buy up these rocks at a cheaper price?”
	The man rubbed his head as if it hurt, sighing.
	“Look, the shares only come out at the end of the season or the end of the year. How am I supposed to give you your cut if you ask for it out of nowhere?”
	“I don’t care, but I’m taking these rocks today!”
	As the two went back and forth, someone called from behind – “Aunt Faye!”
	Faye jumped, turned around, and saw Natalia there, arm in arm with Archie, with Nancy standing by their side.
	Her face changed and she went white.
	“A-Archie, Natalia, what are you doing here?”
	Natalia smiled. “Archie and I both have break today and heard there was a prospecting gathering over here, so we came to take a look. We didn’t think we’d meet you here, Aunt. Are you here to prospect, too?”
	Faye’s face was a little pale as she shook her head.
	“No, I’m not.”
	“Oh? That can’t be, I just saw you give him money. I thought you’d already taken a shine to some ores and was getting ready to buy it up!”
	Natalia’s words seemed casual but struck home with lethal accuracy.
	Faye was close to tears.
	“Ohoho, we’re high school friends who recently met up. He’s pressed for money right now and borrowed some from me. I’m just here to lend it to him.”
	She said, taking a small step back, afraid she’d get dragged closer to him.
	Natalia nodded.
	“Ah, I see.”
	Meanwhile, Brian had already finished investigating who the man was, and sent it to Archie’s phone.
	Archie looked at the phone, then chuckled coldly.
	“And since when have you had a schoolmate from Tapir, Aunt?”
	Everyone froze.
	Faye stood rooted to the spot, not sure how to explain.
	Archie looked at the man, then back to Faye.
	“An ore merchant of Tapir who owns three mines in Tacitus. Made a living off those mines, then developed this prospecting business in Eqitin a few years back, raking in the big bucks. You only knew him from last year, Aunt. He set his sights on you because you spent a lot the first time you came around, so he got together with his friends to start scamming you. They promised you a cut of the shares with a two hundred million investment, and blinded by greed, you believed him. Then you actually got addicted to prospecting and didn’t just lose the basic two hundred million starter but landed yourself in debt. You’re coming here with this little bit of money to turn things around? Trying to pull a winner winner chicken dinner, are we?”
	Faye hadn’t imagined that Archie could have acted so quickly, finding out everything after just stepping foot inside.
	Having him reveal the truth in front of so many people, Faye couldn’t exactly keep her façade.
	She scowled at Archie. “What are you babbling about? I-I didn’t lose that much. I was just bored and spent some time here as a hobby. It’s not as serious as you said.”
Chapter 293 Every Step Was Wrong
	As she spoke, her eyes flickered, clearly ill at ease.
	Archie didn’t debate with her. After all, they’d found her out and caught her at the scene.
	Faye was his senior, so it wouldn’t do to go too far in public.
	So he simply said, “I’ll leave this to Grandma to deal with, so please prepare yourself!”
	With that, he took Natalia’s had and turned to leave.
	Hearing that he was going to tell the McCarthy elders, Faye started panicking.
	She hurried over to block off their path.
	“Wait, don’t go!”
	She chased them all the way outside and finally stopped them. Archie frowned and didn’t speak, waiting for the shoe to drop.
	Faye panted from the exertion for a while before she recovered her breath.
	She babbled, “You can’t tell your Grandpa and Grandma, Archie. I’m begging you; you have to hide this for me. If they found out, I’m a dead woman.”
	Archie muttered, “You should have thought of them finding out before you did this.”
	Faye was close to tears.
	“No, if you don’t say anything and I don’t say anything and neither of them say anything, how would they find out?”
	Archie scoffed.
	“Oh? Is that right? You even took the jewels Grandma gave you and sold them, and you’re so sure they won’t find out at all?”
	Faye’s face changed and turned deathly white.
	After a few seconds, her lips moved.
	“You – you know about that too?”
	Archie kept his expression cold and didn’t answer.
	Natalia explained, “I went to an auction with Archie yesterday and saw that set of jewelry by accident. But don’t worry. Archie’s already bought it up, so word won’t get to Grandpa and Grandma just yet. But I feel that you should still explain to Archie what happened and how you had to resort to this. Otherwise, if it does get out one day, we can’t hide it for you even if we wanted to.”
	Faye heaved a sigh of relief and nodded.
	“Right. I should tell you. Except for you, I don’t know who to turn to for help now.”
	There were too many people coming and going in the area to speak.
	Finally, Faye suggested a café in a nice area nearby, so they moved the conversation there.
	This was about McCarthy internal affairs and it’d be awkward if Nancy took part, so she sat down on the first floor and had some coffee.
	Faye, Natalia and Archie sat down in a compartment on the second floor.
	After sitting down, Natalia ordered coffee for all three of them before focusing on the topic.
	“It’s not that we can’t help you, Aunt, but please don’t hide anything from us and tell us the truth. That way, we can consider how to help you.”
	At a time like this, Faye didn’t speak to Natalia with her previous sense of arrogance.
	Knowing that she needed their help, she set down her status and sighed. “It’s a long story. We need to go back to a year ago.”
	A year ago, Faye had gotten in an argument with the old lady. She wouldn’t say what it had been over, and Natalia and Archie didn’t ask.
	At that time, Archie had headed to Julio, so Faye moved back to the old household to stay with the old lady and the old man.
	Not long after she moved in, though, she’d moved away again because they’d argued.
	Not many people knew about that. Even Archie didn’t know.
	After moving out of the house, in her anger, Ariana cut off her financial support.
	For whatever reason, the old lady wanted to get her to admit her own wrongs. But Faye was too proud, and refused to back down.
	Not only that, she thought of some rapid-fire ways to make money, swearing to prove to Ariana that even outside the McCarthy family, she could do well and make a living for herself.
	First, she went and started investing in the stock market. As a lady of the McCarthy household, most people considered her status and introduced plenty of good stocks to her, and she made a killing.
	Then she got into business.
	But her background was in art. Her family’s business might have been top of the nation, but she’d never experienced that side of things herself.
	She lost all her investments in the end.
	Afraid of getting laughed at, she became even more determined to make money.
	So, by sheer coincidence, she’d come across Forrest.
	Forrest was the man they’d seen in the prospecting center.
	The man was a successful Tapir merchant. He’d tried to court Ariana when they’d first known each other, but Ariana hadn’t agreed.
	Because of that, Faye had felt that since he’d chased her skirts before, he wouldn’t lie to her.
	In the beginning, Forrest had in fact guided her into getting some good quality ores and making a tidy little profit.
	Then Faye started getting dissatisfied with the situation. Sensing her thoughts, Forrest suggested that she go for the big take.
	So one time, Faye bought up half of the entire place’s ores, but didn’t turn up even a handful of good stones.
	That was a huge blow.
	But the sunk-cost fallacy kicked in, and the more she failed, the harder she tried to make it all back.
	With Forrest encouraging her, Faye tried several times to strike it big, buying up over dozens of pieces each time.
	The more she put in, though, the more she lost. She ended up investing up to several hundred million without seeing a single good chunk of ore, ending up with an almost complete net loss.
	She couldn’t take it. She also didn’t understand why it wasn’t working anymore when she started out getting good ores every time.
	It wasn’t that she’d never suspected that Forrest was lying to her, but she’d picked the ores every time. Even if he wanted to scam her, he couldn’t.
	She didn’t understand. And now that she’d gone all in, if she gave up now, she couldn’t explain it away.
	It had been a year since then, but the spat between her and Ariana still hadn’t fully faded,
	Faye thought to try one more time and stop if she lost, but then she struck gold.
	So, with capital, she tried several more times.
	That repeated until she ran out of money. She started borrowing from the people around her and pawning off her valuables all to feed to the prospecting center.
	Today, she’d already realized that people in the McCarthy family were catching on, so she’d wanted to get Forrest to give her a few good pieces to make something of it so she could muddle things over.
	She didn’t think she’d meet Archie and gang.
	Hearing her description, Archie and Natalia were both left speechless.
	Natalia didn’t understand how a family of elites had given birth to someone this simple and impulsive.
Chapter 294 Deal With It Quickly
	She didn’t mean to look down on her, but the scam was so obvious that she could see something was wrong as an outsider. Faye, though, actually believed that Forrest would help her.
	And she’d brought money here to get him to give her more ores.
	She just didn’t have a brain!
	She thought it all internally and didn’t say it out loud, but also knew that Archie was probably thinking the same thing.
	Archie’s expression wasn’t pretty at the moment, but hearing how things had gone down, at least he knew the basics.
	So he muttered, “How much did you give him?”
	Faye looked at him timidly and stammered, “About… s-seven to eight hundred million, I guess!”
	Natalia had no words.
	Well, this was what it meant to be dumb and rich!
	Archie didn’t have a reply, either.
	He thought about it, and asked on, “So, you were there at Pinewood Manor making trouble for Natalia because you wanted to take those antiques back and sell them? Then invest in that Forrest fellow again?”
	Faye looked a bit awkward.
	“I-I was just planning on borrowing it for a while. When I’ve struck it rich, couldn’t I just give it all back?”
	“Ha…”
	Archie and Natalia obviously didn’t believe that.
	Faye pleaded, “Come on, Archie, I’ve told you everything. Can’t you just keep it hidden for now and not tell your Grandpa and Grandma? I really don’t want them to know.”
	Archie rumbled, “Then have you thought about how to deal with things now?”
	Faye blinked.
	She still didn’t understand what he meant by dealing with things.
	Natalia reminded kindly, “This man clearly just thinks poorly of you and is trying to scam you out of your money. You can’t have gone without realizing it even now?”
	Faye was even more stunned now.
	“That… can’t be right! I got into prospecting myself, and I was worried he’d lie to me, so I always picked the ores myself and didn’t let him get involved. With so many pieces of ore inside, how would he know which one I would pick?”
	Natalia chuckled.
	Voice low, Archie said, “That’s simple. You just switch out all the rocks in there for low-quality or regular stones. If other people can’t get good ores, you can’t either. Wouldn’t that work?”
	Faye’s face went slack.
	Then she attempted, “That can’t be, I saw people strike solid gold right next to the ore I bought!”
	Solid gold?
	That was quite something!
	Natalia smiled, “That’s easy, too. If you just put a piece of ore that’s already confirmed to be good quality there, then get someone to pretend to be a customer and buy it, then excavate it there, that’s that. The gold and the money goes back to their own pockets, so it’s not tough to pull off.”
	Faye wore an expression of disbelief.
	“T-That’s impossible! How could it be like this?”
	“There’s no such thing as impossible.”
	Archie burst her last bubble of hope. “It’s just one of the simplest scams in the city. So simple even Anne wouldn’t have fallen for it. I didn’t think you’d step in it and step this deep in it, too. Really, compared to blaming them for their cutthroat business, you really should blame yourself for being too stupid.”
	Faye started screeching right away.
	“How can you say that about me, Archie? I’m your aunt!”
	“It’s precisely because you’re my aunt that I’m reminding you to deal with this quickly. Otherwise, something big might happen down the line. Of course, if you need to deal with it, you’ll definitely alert Grandpa and Grandma. Even I can’t move without their notice on Eqitin territory.”
	Hearing that, Faye slumped.
	She stayed quiet for a while, then with great hesitation, asked, “Do we have to tell them?”
	Archie nodded.
	“We have to.”
	“But…” She hesitated for a while, then scratched her head irritably.
	“If I went back like this, I’d lose so much face. Your Grandpa and Grandma would scold me to death. What would be left of my reputation?”
	Natalia laughed.
	“Aunt Faye, I don’t know why you argued with Grandma, but you’re family. Family doesn’t hold grudges, right? Besides, Grandma was treating you pretty well back home last time. She doesn’t seem mad at you. Are you sure you’re not overthinking it?”
	Faye looked at her impatiently.
	“You don’t get it.”
	Archie’s expression darkened.
	“It’s up to you whether you want to come clean or not. I won’t stop you or force you. But you have two days. In two days, if you want to confess, I’ll take you to see Grandma. If you don’t you’ll deal with the blowback yourself. The McCarthy family and I myself won’t help you even a little bit more.”
	With that, he took Natalia with him and stood.
	Natalia felt a bit of pity, but since they’d gotten this far, there wasn’t much else to say. She left alongside Archie.
	On the way back, she asked him a bit worriedly, “Are you really not going to help her if she stays quiet about it?”
	Face wooden, Archie replied, “I’m not.”
	“Why’s that?”
	“She might be my aunt, but she’s also an adult. Adults are responsible for their own actions. It’s not that I’m unwilling to help her. But if she continues to demand that the rest of the family stays uninvolved, then she has to take responsibility for her own choices.”
	Natalia sighed.
	“I feel like she’s standing her ground for some other reason. Not just her sulking against Grandma, like she says.”
	Archie looked at her.
	Then he rubbed her forehead.
	Natalia jolted.
	Turning, she looked into the man’s gentle, moving eyes.
	“Aunt Faye was never too good to you, so why be so considerate of her? Your forehead will get wrinkles if you keep frowning like that.”
	Natalia had to laugh.
	She held Archie’s hand, smiling, “What are you saying? It’s her business if she’s good to me or not. I don’t ask that everyone likes me. I’m concerned about her because she’s your family. I just don’t want to leave any regrets.”
	Archie’s heart wrenched.
	Leave no regrets indeed!
	It was a simple phrase. Easy to say, much less easy to accomplish.
	Archie didn’t say anything else. He held her hand tight as the car continued onwards to Pinewood Manor.
	Two days later, Faye gave Archie a call, saying she was willing to talk with the old lady.
	Archie knew that she’d given way probably because she was at the end of her rope.
	Faye might have been a McCarthy lady, but because she’d been born a daughter, she didn’t get involved in business and devoted herself to art. She never entered the innermost power circles of the McCarthy family.
	Plus with her unreliable personality, her reputation outside wasn’t the best. So even though she had noble status, people might have made way for her on small, regular subjects, but when it got big, they usually didn’t take her side.
Chapter 295 Coming Clean
	Archie had basically expected Faye to give way.
	After he agreed, they set a time down to go to the old household together at night.
	Natalia would go back first to prepare the old lady and soften the blow a little.
	That night, the three headed towards the McCarthy household.
	Ariana heard what had happened and naturally blew her top.
	Even before Faye arrived, she’d taken her temper out in the house, even breaking a few of her teacups.
	Natalia mediated, “It’s good that Aunt Faye told us about this earlier. It’s not too late to turn back, so don’t get mad, Grandma. It was a gamble in the heat of the moment, and we can’t make things worse out of our own temper. It’s more important to calm down and deal with it.”
	The old lady sighed.
	“I know. Don’t worry. I’m just blowing off some steam here. What could I do with her, anyway? Send her over after I mull here for a while and I won’t yell at her.”
	Promises were promises, but by the time Faye got here, the old lady couldn’t hold it in and yelled at her anyway.
	Faye knew she didn’t have a leg to stand on, so she stood there and took it quietly.
	Done yelling, Ariana’s wrath faded a bit, so she started sorting through the start and finish of what had happened.
	It was really quite simple.
	Anyone with regular intelligence could tell that Faye was getting scammed.
	The knot came in where she didn’t know herself and didn’t leave any evidence. She’d gone over and spent her money of her own volition.
	Unless they used unconventional methods, it would be hard to prove she was being scammed.
	The McCarthy family might have had a lot of tools, but this was an abnormal period. And because being big also meant being a big target, they couldn’t move recklessly.
	If Forrest could get a scene this big in Eqitin, he had to have someone at his back. From the information Brian had turned up, it showed he had connections to the Bissels, so it was possible they were backing him.
	Nobody could afford carelessness when it involved the McCarthy and Bissel families.
	Archie thought about it. “I can send someone to deal with it, but you had better not appear in Eqitin for now, Aunt. Just in case more complications happen.”
	Faye objected right away.
	“Are you trying to exile me, Archie? I’m not going anywhere; I’m staying in Eqitin!”
	Ariana barked, “Quit it! Now’s the time to clean up your mess! You think anyone would be willing to take it off your hands?”
	At the old lady’s roar, Faye lost her nerve.
	After a while, she said grudgingly, “Then I want to go to Othua.”
	“No!”
	The old lady snarled, looking at her coldly.
	“Don’t even think about it! I’ll reserve tickets tomorrow to send you over to your aunt in Lessia. I’ll send people to watch over you, so don’t even think about running around! Before this is done, you’re not going anywhere.”
	Faye started shrieking with discontent.
	“I’m in my thirties now, Mom, not three. Are you putting me on curfew like a child?”
	Ariana scoffed.
	“Your intellect is about the same as a three-year-old’s anyway.”
	“…”
	With the old lady having made that decision, nobody could change it.
	Finally, the family meeting was ended at Ariana’s order.
	Archie and Natalia were of course going back to Pinewood Manor.
	Worried that Faye would start some more nonsense, Ariana didn’t let her leave and had her stay the night before flying away first thing in the morning.”
	As they headed out the door, Faye suddenly stopped Natalia.
	She looked at Archie and smiled, “I’ve got some things I want to say to Natalia. Can we have a moment?”
	Archie frowned and looked at Natalia.
	Natalia nodded to show she was fine.
	“Wait for me in the car! I’ll be right over.”
	Only then did Archie nod and leave.
	When he left, Faye’s smiling expression instantly collapsed.
	“Happy with yourself, Natalia? Pleased? Now that you’ve gotten me out of Eqitin, no one’s going to be watching out for you or keeping you at bay now. You can toy around with Archie as much as you want and bend him to your will, eh?”
	Natalia frowned, but after a while, her brow loosened.
	She looked at Faye a little coldly, a mocking light in her eyes.
	“You stopped me just to say all that, Aunt?”
	Faye thrust her chest out.
	“What? I can’t? Don’t think I’m unaware of your little machinations. You look like you want to help me when really you just want me to embarrass myself! Well, that’s great, I’ve lost all face in front of the rest of the family now and the old man and old lady are disappointed in me, so they won’t listen to me from now on. Are you happy now?!”
	Natalia shook her head.
	“I’ve never had any thoughts like that.”
	“Heh, who do you think you’re fooling? At the end of the day, you didn’t like that I wasn’t okay with you and Archie being together, right? Must have been uncomfortable seeing me favor Selena’s matchup with Archie, huh? Then did you know that Selena and Archie used to be lovers and grew up close together? What’s the meaning to you butting in between them now?”
	Natalia took a deep breath.
	She was about done with this.
	Some things bore saying once.
	But after repeating it time and time again, anyone’s patience would wear too thin to listen to another word.
	She looked at Faye and said lowly, “Since you’re going this far, Aunt, then I have a question of my own. If they were so close, why did Archie marry me and not her?”
	Faye was struck dumb.
	Natalia sneered.
	“I really don’t understand, Aunt – why do you dislike me so much? Ever since the beginning, I’ve never shown any ill intentions against you. Anywhere I might have been impolite to you was because you provoked me. I know you’ve been good to Archie and you took care of him for all those years his parents weren’t here. I won’t deny the relationship between you. But you should understand that the one who’ll walk with him to the end of his life is not you, but me. No matter how deep a relationship runs, if it meets with long periods of disappointment and friction, it’ll eventually lose its luster. I don’t want you to regret things after you’ve lost everything you once had with him. So a word of advice, dear Aunt. If you want to enjoy the latter half of your life, please rein it in and take care of yourself! After all, the family is Archie’s in the future, and as his wife, I’m the true matriarch of the McCarthy family.”
	As she finished, Faye’s face contorted with so much rage she almost fainted the next second. Only then did Natalia call over a servant.
	“Aunt Faye’s not feeling too well. Please escort her back to rest.”
Chapter 296 Treated Unfairly
	The servant looked at Faye, then over at Natalia.
	It was really obvious that the atmosphere between the two of them wasn’t quite right, but it wouldn’t do to ask.
	With a respectful “yes”, they went over to prop Faye up.
	Faye’s anger was brimming. Looking at Natalia’s calm and cold face, the phrase “I’m the true matriarch of the McCarthy family” reverberated throughout her skull.
	She wanted to pounce up and rip her to shreds!
	Finally, she took a deep breath and forcefully suppressed all her indignation and rage.
	“Fine. You’ve got guts saying that to my face. Fine, we’ll see! Here’s some advice from me too, Natalia. You can replace a wife, but not an aunt! I saw Archie grow from when he was small. No matter how much he likes you now, it’s just for the moment. Nothing lasts forever, so just wait! One day, I’ll chase you out of the McCarthy family!”
	With that, she took the servant’s hand and stormed off.
	The moment she left, Natalia felt the air in front of her clear.
	She lifted her head to look at the sky, then took a deep breath, her temper almost erupting from her throat.
	After a while, she stilled her temper.
	She turned and strode out.
	When they got in the car, Archie could see that her face wasn’t quite right and frowned.
	He set down the magazine he’d been reading while he waited, leant over and asked, “What? What did she say to you?”
	“Nothing.”
	It wasn’t that she didn’t want to tell him Faye’s words, but she didn’t think it was necessary.
	At the end of the day, she believed in Archie. It didn’t make a difference if they spoke or not.
	She took a deep breath and commanded Brain, “Drive!”
	Brian nodded, started the car, and drove out slowly.
	Archie examined her closely in silence.
	He’d always had a good eye and sharp observation skills. He couldn’t have missed the emotions she was bottling up.
	The woman’s sunken face and redness in the eyes clearly told him that she’d been treated unfairly.
	Obviously, Faye had said something ugly again.
	Archie’s face darkened.
	He took out his phone and growled, “I’m calling her about it now!”
	Natalia saw it and her eyes widened as she reached out to stop him.
	“No.”
	Archie frowned.
	Natalia paused, adjusted her own emotions, and said, “She doesn’t like me to begin with and thinks I’m using this opportunity to kick her out of the McCarthy family. This was just a misunderstanding. If you call her now, no matter what you say, she’ll think I’m using you to get to her again. That will only deepen the misunderstanding, and nothing will end up getting solved. So there’s no need to call her.”
	Archie scoffed. “But she treated you wrong.”
	Natalia forced a smile.
	“Not really. I don’t really care, so it doesn’t matter.”
	She turned to look outside the window, towards the quiet, lonely road.
	Archie’s heart ached as he grabbed her hands and pulled her into his embrace.
	“I’m sorry, Natalia. I’m putting you through all this.”
	Natalia chuckled.
	“How do you mean?”
	“You don’t want me to get caught between you and Aunt Faye, so you’re not standing up to her. I know. But you’re my wife, Natalia. If you’re treated unfairly, I won’t be happy either. Aunt Faye’s got a stubborn personality. It used to be fine, but if she turns it on you, I won’t sit by idly.”
	Faye was older than them, sure, but that didn’t mean that Natalia had to grin and bear it.
	Natalia snuggled up against his waist, felt the concern in his tone, and sighed.
	“I’m really fine. Don’t worry. I just don’t want to start any more trouble. Besides, it was just a few jabs. No one’s really been bullying me. Your wife’s not so weak that anyone can walk all over her.”
	On that, Archie agreed.
	He released her and kissed her forehead.
	“You’re so nice, Natalia.”
	The two went back to Pinewood Manor.
	The next day, Ariana arranged for Faye to leave Eqitin.
	Archie sent Brian to investigate the gambling scene, and found that there was plenty to do with the Bissel family behind the scenes.
	That Forrest was clearly a pawn that the Bissels had tossed out to hook Faye.
	It wasn’t that the Bissels held a particular grudge against the McCarthy family.
	Only, the Bissel family had developed a great deal these past few years. There was only room for one to stand at the top, so to take that spot, of course the Bissels had to come down hard on the McCarthys.
	But the McCarthy family weren’t going to stand idly by.
	In just a few days, the police shut down Forrest’s entire operation on the basis of fraud and other crimes.
	And so that incident came to an end for the moment.
	Meanwhile, Victoria was about to give birth.
	Natalia had promised not to go, but she was still worried.
	After all, without considering that mystery of a man there, Victoria had no friends or family by her side.
	Fortunately, it had gone better than she imagined, and Victoria gave birth smoothly to a 3.4 kilogram baby boy.
	She named him Joy, wishing for his happiness throughout his life.
	As his godmother, Natalia was of course overjoyed herself. She forced Victoria to go on video chat with the child for a while right that day.
	Looking at the soft and pink little muffin on the screen, she felt her heart melt.
	Victoria chuckled, “If you like children that much, why don’t you try for one with Archie?”
	Natalia paused, thought about it, and said, “There’s no rush.”
	She’d refused to make a baby with Archie because, first of all, she’d always been filming, and didn’t want to slow down her work.
	Secondly, she was considering Anne as well.
	Anne wasn’t like normal children and hadn’t grown up with a mother. Every time she saw Natalia, she stuck to her like glue.
	She could feel how much Anne desired motherly love and how insecure she was inside.
	So she couldn’t be sure how it would affect Anne if she got pregnant at a time like this.
	Bearing that in mind, Natalia sighed.
	She didn’t know why Archie had kept this child with methods like this. Was there some secret behind it?
	Still, she was only thinking about it and couldn’t have asked him outright.
	She looked towards Victoria and asked, “When are you coming back?”
	Nobody outside knew that Victoria was giving birth in secret.
	She had no intention of giving up her status as an actress, so she would make her return sooner or later.
Chapter 297 Putting on a Party
	Victoria thought about it. “I’ll come back after I rest up for a month.”
	Natalia blinked. “That soon?”
	“Yeah.”
	Victoria seemed to have something on her mind, but she didn’t tell Natalia about it. She simply smiled. “When I’m back, I’ll come meet up with you.”
	Natalia nodded. “Okay. I’ll pick you up, then.”
	“Sure.”
	The two hung up.
	A month later, Victoria really came back from Othua.
	As promised, Natalia went to pick her up that day.
	She had a child around her, so she kept things as low profile as possible to keep herself from getting snapped by tabloids.
	Natalia picked her up, got in the car, and looked her over carefully.
	Thankfully, Victoria looked like she was doing perfectly fine. Except for having gained a little weight from her pregnancy, she didn’t look too different.
	Natalia breathed a sigh of relief.
	She hugged Victoria.
	“You’re finally back. I missed you so much.”
	Victoria laughed. “If Archie were to hear that, he’d get jealous.”
	Natalia laughed too and smirked, “Forget him.”
	Victoria settled down right in Eqitin without going back to Julio.
	Natalia had found her a place beforehand; a quaint little mansion not far away from Pinewood Manor.
	The house had originally been owned by Archie, but then Archie had given several dozens of his real estate property all to Natalia, so they all belonged to her now.
	After settling down mother and son, Natalia let her rest up for a couple of days before throwing a welcome back party for her.
	Victoria knew that Natalia only did all that because she was worried that she wouldn’t fit in.
	So she didn’t refuse her good intentions and agreed right away.
	Two days later, Natalia sent own invitations and called Max and company all over to go sing and eat at night.
	When they arrived at the karaoke bar, everyone else had already arrived as well.
	Anne had break today, so Natalia brought her in too.
	They got off the car and saw Victoria at the doorway.
	She’d been waiting there specifically for them. Recognizing her, Anne ran up and give her a fierce hug, smiling sweetly. “Auntie Victoria.”
	Victoria was so happy her mouth couldn’t close properly.
	She returned Anne’s hug and examined her. “Good girl, Anne. You’ve grown prettier again. Let’s see if you’ve gotten any taller.”
	She took a step back and chuckled, “My, looks like you have.”
	Archie led Natalia up. Victoria looked at the two of them and laughed, “It’s been a while, Archie. Looks like you’ve been living well. You’ve got a glow about you. What, your married life’s going well?”
	Natalia smiled awkwardly and glared at her.
	Before Archie could reply, she said, “It’s fine. What can you do, right?”
	Victoria smirked, “Well, of course I can congratulate you for finding true love.”
	Natalia winked at her. “Speaking like you don’t have someone. I’m telling you, your true love’s here tonight too.”
	Victoria jolted, and before she could react, a car engine sounded from behind.
	Then she saw Louis’ car rolling over.
	She started, going pale.
	Natalia had actually only just known that Charlie was coming over.
	Coincidentally, she’d known Charlie long ago and paid special attention to him because Victoria liked him.
	Besides, they’d been to the same high school.
	Unexpectedly, Charlie was the grandson of old lady Stevenson.
	Back then, when Mr. Peck had gotten divorced, his wife had only just found out that she was pregnant.
	So she’d taken the child and raised him to adulthood. Later on, only when she was sick did she tell Charlie about his own background and identity.
	Now that old lady Stevenson had found Charlie, the Stevensons respected his wishes and didn’t have him change his name back, only hoping that he could accept his family.
	After all, they’d tried hard to look for him, but his mother had hidden their tracks. No matter how much effort they put in, they couldn’t be blamed for not finding them.
	Since Charlie was old lady Stevenson’s grandson and old lady Stevenson was close to Ariana, Charlie naturally had the right to take his place in this noble generation of Eqitin.
	Besides, he’d known Max from long ago and they were still great friends, so it wasn’t awkward for them to have fun together.
	However, seeing the man before her, Victoria froze to the spot.
	Natalia noticed something was wrong and said concernedly, “Are you all right, Victoria?”
	Victoria reacted and shook her head.
	Damnit, she should have known he’d be here!
	Now that the Stevensons were back in the country, of course he’d follow them here!
	Seeing she was pale, Natalia asked, “Are you feeling ill? Want me to go back with you?”
	“No need.”
	Natalia had gone to all the trouble of organizing this party to welcome her and introduce these friends to her anyway.
	As the person it was all centered around, she couldn’t leave. It’d be too impolite.
	Victoria calmed herself and said, “I’m fine. Let’s go in.”
	“Okay.”
	Natalia took her and led her in. Fortunately, Charlie only shot a look at her and didn’t do anything else.
	The group went into the compartment and Natalia introduced everyone. It wasn’t just Max, but even Laura had come here.
	Natalia knew that Victoria had argued with her father and didn’t want to go back to Julio, so she’d probably stay in Eqitin for a long while.
	She didn’t have too many friends here. As best buds, Natalia wanted to stay by her side as often as she could, but sometimes she didn’t have that much time.
	Victoria was done giving birth, but not done recovering. She still needed friends around she could talk to.
	Natalia introduced all of them and Victoria greeted everyone with a friendly smile.
	Because there were so many people there and Natalia liked the hustle and bustle, she decided to throw a barbecue.
	Coincidentally, after they got into the meal and Natalia scooted out to go to the restroom, she ran into Wanda.
	Wanda was in a faintly colored one-piece dress today. She looked energetic and fresh. Compared to the maturity and reliability she displayed before, she looked younger here, more like a student.
	Natalia was a bit surprised. She didn’t think she’d see her here today.
	She didn’t have anything against Wanda, so she asked casually, “You’re eating here, too?”
	Wanda smiled awkwardly. “Yeah, but the person I’m supposed to meet can’t come, so I’m leaving.”
	Natalia blinked, looked at her, sharply noticed the loneliness in her eyes, and blurted, “Then how about we eat together? There’s plenty of people here and it’s a party.”
	She bit her tongue the instant those words left her mouth.
Chapter 298 Carrying the Team
	She didn’t know Wanda too well and didn’t hold anything against her. She didn’t even dislike her.
	But she was Selena’s cousin. With Selena setting her sights on Archie constantly, wasn’t she just asking for it inviting her cousin to come eat with them?
	Thankfully, Wanda looked like a bright girl, and she’d probably not take the offer, right?
	Wanda’s eyes lit up and she took the offer.
	“All right, thanks, I’ll come.”
	“…”
	She led Wanda awkwardly into their compartment.
	Seeing her, everyone was caught off-guard.
	But Max and Stephen and the others were all people persons, and besides, they didn’t have too much of an opinion on Selena herself.
	Wanda might have been a Kawn and Selena’s cousin.
	But in reality, Wanda’s father was about as branched in the branch family as you could get. He was in Eqitin as well, but only handled small business. It was no comparison to direct Kawn family members at all.
	In a situation like this, Wanda wasn’t involved in the family power struggle like Selena.
	So they didn’t have anything against her. Besides, she was kind, pretty, and even seemed cute as they interacted, so she fit in just fine.
	Louis was the last person here. Because something had happened at the hospital, he’d needed to deal with it. With his occupation, nobody minded.
	Seeing him come in, Natalia hurriedly called for an additional set of utensils. Louis was wearing a camel coat and a scarf, looking particularly like a mild-mannered intellectual today.
	Wanda had been digging in, and the barbeque was to her taste, so she’d eaten with a bit wolfishness.
	The moment she stuffed a chunk of meat into her mouth, she saw him walk in and her eyes widened as she blushed. The meat got stuck in her throat and wouldn’t go either way, so she started coughing loudly.
	Louis had obviously seen her as well. He blinked and blurted, “What are you doing here, Wanda?”
	Wanda took a drink of water to wash the meat down, berating herself over having him see her in such a state.
	Then she stood and greeted him with an embarrassed smile.
	“Hi, sir.”
	Everyone was taken aback.
	“Sir? You know each other?”
	Louis chuckled and explained, “Oh, it’s nothing. I’ve got a lab of my own now, right? She came for an interview a while ago and she’s my assistant now.”
	That explained things.
	Wanda was a medical student. Everyone knew that, but they didn’t think it’d be this much of a coincidence.
	With that connection to Louis, everyone drew even closer with Wanda.
	A server came by to set a chair down for Louis and the atmosphere resumed. Everyone chatted and laughed as they ate, while Wanda buried herself into her meal, her face bright red. She didn’t even dare raise her head.
	After the meal, Max started whining that he wanted to play a game.
	He was a game nut, and everyone was free, so they agreed.
	A group of them crowded around the sofa and took out their phones.
	Charlie didn’t play this game, so he didn’t partake, but Victoria did.
	So Victoria, Natalia, Laura, Max and Louis formed a team.
	Archie sat next to Natalia and acted as her strategist. Worried that everyone would end up playing too late into the night, she had Brian send Anne back first.
	Natalia had selected a warrior class, while Laura had gone with an assassin.
	The moment the game started, Laura said, “Max, wait in the bush over there and we’ll ambush them. They’ll be coming for our buff. You can’t let them take my buff.”
	Max was naturally going along with it.
	He walked over to the bush, saw that no one was there and slacked off a little. Then an assassin appeared out of nowhere and caught him with his pants down.
	Max couldn’t dodge in time and died after a few hits. His priest let out a death screech.
	He blinked and only then knew to react as he yelled, “Hell! I got ambushed! Caught me slipping, huh?”
	Laura shot him a look and rolled her eyes.
	Honestly! Wasn’t he planning to ambush someone as well? And even she’d seen there’d been someone there and he hadn’t. Wasn’t he just handing his head up on a platter just waltzing over there?
	She shook her head, exasperated. “Don’t rush, man.”
	Max was a bit dissatisfied. The moment he revived, he walked out, explaining, “I’m telling you, don’t underestimate me, I’m great at this game!”
	The moment he said that, the death scream of a hero played.
	Max’s priest had been killed again.
	He widened his eyes and looked at the screen in disbelief. The next second…
	“Double kill!”
	Natalia had been in full flow state as she blitzed in and took two at once.
	Max started, then slapped his leg. “Damnit! You’re a pro at this, Natalia!”
	Natalia smiled faintly. “It wasn’t much.”
	Victoria couldn’t hold it in and laughed, “You’re smurfing. If you don’t carry, you’re really just losing.”
	Right now, the archer she was playing and Louis’ support had already sealed off the bottom route and run to the center to assist.
	As she cleared mobs, she explained to Max, “I’m telling you, she’s the only twenty-star player in our friend group. A proper shark.”
	As she finished, she heard Louis say, “Careful.”
	A figure rushed out of the bush. To protect Victoria, Louis threw himself in the way. By the time they could react, Louis had been killed.
	Victoria blinked, a little embarrassed.
	“Uh, sorry, doctor. I was too busy chatting.”
	Louis said mildly, “It’s fine.”
	The match ended soon. As a smurf account, Natalia had carried the whole team easily.
	When they were done, she turned to Archie, “Do you want to play? It’s fun.”
	Archie shook his head. “I’m fine watching you play.”
	Max was done, though. “Man, it’s boring just sitting there. Come on, let’s make a lobby. 3v4 or 3v3, how’s it sound?”
	Natalia sat up straight. “Sure. Who dares wins, bring it.”
	Max chuckled, “Then I’ll ask if old Charlie wants to come!”
	With that, he ran outside.
	Right now, Charlie was talking on the balcony.
	He’d just hung up when Max arrived. Seeing him come out, he was a bit surprised.
Chapter 299 I’m the Father
	He tilted his head. “What’s up?”
	Max walked over, chortling. “Who are you calling? Running out like that?”
	Charlie didn’t answer. He looked him in the eyes with a deep abyssal gaze without speaking.
	Max wasn’t afraid of anything, much less Charlie’s looks.
	He leant over and snickered, “I just heard a couple of phrases. Something about a woman. Tsk tsk tsk, don’t think I can’t tell, bro. You knew that Miss Kawn from before didn’t you? What? Old flame?”
	Charlie’s gaze cooled by a few more degrees.
	Max shook his head and tutted.
	“Fine, don’t tell me. But as your bro, I need to remind you that that Miss Kawn seemed to have recently given birth. Looks like she’s taken. Careful she doesn’t play you for a fool.”
	Charlie smirked.
	A bit of mockery seemed to enter his eyes.
	“I know.”
	“What?”
	“I said I know.”
	Max widened his eyes at him like he’d just seen a ghost.
	“You know and you still like her?”
	Charlie suddenly frowned.
	“Who says I like her?”
	Max leered.
	“Come on! Don’t think I couldn’t tell. Your eyes were on her all the time when you were eating and you didn’t look away once. You think all of us onlookers are blind?”
	“…”
	Charlie stayed silent and didn’t speak.
	As Max was about to try to nudge him again, he suddenly opened his mouth. “Yeah, I was looking at her, but not because I like her.”
	Max blinked. “Then why?”
	“Because I’m the father.”
	“…”
	Charlie might as well have brought the house down on top of Max with that simple sentence.
	After a while, he snapped back to reality and seemed to understand something.
	He raised his head and looked at disbelief towards the man opposite him. Charlie remained perfectly calm, as if he hadn’t said those words himself.
	Even scarier, his gaze towards Max showed a bit of threat.
	Max hurriedly shut up and took an expression that said “I don’t know nothing and I ain’t seen nothing, back up”.
	He paused, then said, “Well… Natalia and gang are having a lobby fight, are you coming?”
	Charlie didn’t play games and didn’t know what he was talking about, asking, “What lobby fight?”
	“Oh, it’s a game that’s really popular right now. If you’re coming, we’ll save you a spot.”
	Charlie thought about it and didn’t refuse this time.
	“Fine. I’ll come.”
	So the two walked back in.
	Charlie had the game downloaded soon enough. To match up their numbers, Wanda and Archie had been dragged in too. With the numbers set, they started matching teams.
	Because Charlie and Wanda hadn’t played before, they were split up to be fair.
	The final matchups were – Archie, Natalia, Louis, Victoria and Wanda on one team.
	As for the other side, Charlie, Laura, Stephen and Max were on the other team.
	With their preparations ready, the match began.
	The moment it began, Max went and got himself oneshot by Victoria.
	Taking first blood, Victoria started cackling. Max’s expression wasn’t pretty, but he had his reputation to consider, so he just grunted, “It’s fine. I’m a gentleman and I won’t go all out against a lady.”
	Natalia bit her lip and grinned without saying anything.
	Max revived. The moment he revived, he bragged, “Just wait, Miss Kawn, I’ll have my revenge.”
	And then right after that Archie’s assassin emerged from the bush and killed him.
	Max sat there, face turning purple. He was not okay.
	Victoria and Wanda started snickering around him. He sat there, looked at his body on the ground onscreen, and said nothing for a while.
	Then he frowned, shook his phone, and muttered, “Eh? What’s with the internet? Natalia, this place you booked has horrible wifi! I’m offline – oh, Archie, you didn’t kill me, right? You shouldn’t take advantage of people like this. My net’s down.”
	Natalia couldn’t hold it in. “Oh, shut up!”
	Max said resentfully, “I didn’t mean to choke like that, Natalia, it’s really just my internet.”
	Laura couldn’t keep from chiming in and smirked, “Please. If you’re feeding just admit you’re feeding. Don’t blame the internet. The internet’s innocent, you know.”
	Seeing her poke holes like that, Max was getting sulky.
	After a while, he mumbled, “But the network’s bad. I was the number one archer on the national server back in the day.”
	Then another scream rang out and he’d died again.
	Wanda had chipped him to death while playing support.
	This time, he didn’t even have an excuse. He just stared dully at the screen.
	Wanda didn’t really know what was going on and felt a bit embarrassed, so she looked at him and awkwardly murmured, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to kill you.”
	“…”
	If you didn’t mean it and still killed me, what if you actually meant it?
	Didn’t this actually hurt more?
	The next second, Natalia had squirreled out of the bush to cut off Stephen, but he’d run away too quickly. To guard him, Charlie sacrificed himself.
	Natalia chuckled, “Sorry about that, Master Peck.”
	Charlie remarked, “It’s fine. After all, with a certain someone here, there’s no way we can win.”
	Max almost spat blood at that.
	“Hey, hey, hey, that’s going too far. You’re all ganging up on me now, are you?”
	Charlie shot him a look. “Who else is there to gang up on now that you’re feeding like this?”
	“Oi! That’s going to far. Looks like I’ll really have to try hard now and show you what I’m made of.”
	Archie was still playing his assassin to the side. “Okay, fine. If you lose, go out and streak around the place three times.”
	Natalia snickered. “That’s okay with me.”
	At that moment, Laura suddenly yelped, “Ahh-! Cover me!”
	But it was too late. With a screech, her hero fell at the hands of Archie.
	Laura sighed and shook her head.
	The following few times, she either got killed by Archie or Natalia. In fact, Natalia’s warrior killed her twice.
	Eyes reddening, Laura stared at the screen and snarled, “All right, looks like you want me to ult you, then!”
	Louis smiled. “It’s just a game, Miss Davies. No need to take it that seriously.”
	He said that, but he didn’t let up himself and charged all the way to their objective.
Chapter 300 I Might Like Her
	Laura didn’t dare keep on talking and hurried back to guard the objective, almost getting killed a few times. Finally losing her temper, she turned to a tanking Max and said, “What are you even doing? You’re a tank, so you go in front, got it?”
	Max, who was apparently just feeding all around today, mumbled, “Got it.”
	Then he got surrounded and died.
	With him dead, Laura died too.
	Looking at the friendly objective getting further and further away, Laura stood up and roared, “Can I kill my teammate? I want to kill my teammate.”
	Natalia chuckled. “Not in the game, but I’ll permit you to do it in real life.”
	Max’s face turned a bit ugly. He chucked his phone down and stood. “I’m done.”
	With that, he turned and walked outside.
	The moment he left, the people inside looked at each other, not knowing what was going on.
	Natalia looked at Archie, then coughed and tried to smooth things over. “Uh… it’s just a game, so don’t take it so seriously, okay?”
	With that, she stared pointedly at Laura, meaning for her to go check on Max.
	But Laura simply treated it like she hadn’t seen anything and ignored her.
	Natalia was getting a bit antsy.
	Seeing that, Louis smiled awkwardly. “It’s fine. He’ll be back after a smoke. Come on, let’s go on.”
	Laura didn’t refuse his invitation and started another match.
	Natalia nudged Archie and muttered, “Go check on him. This is a party, we shouldn’t get upset.”
	Archie frowned, then nodded.
	On the balcony, Max stood there, smoking.
	Northern winters were particularly cold, and at this time of year, one could feel the frost on the wind standing on the balcony. Max narrowed his eyes, looking up at the endless starry night, the cigarette in his hands making rings that dissipated into the void.
	Archie kept his brow knotted as he walked over and patted his shoulder. “What’s up? It’s just a game but you’re actually mad.”
	Max frowned and didn’t reply.
	Archie was in a bit of disbelief as he chuckled, “Don’t tell me that you’re taking a few barbs from the gals seriously, big man.”
	Max frowned deeper at that as he finally explained, “It’s not that.”
	“What is it, then?”
	Max paused and turned to look at him, a complicated expression in his eyes.
	That was the first time Archie had ever seen his face like this.
	He looked back peaceably, and there was silence for a while until Max looked away irritably and muttered, “I’m just a bit annoyed.”
	Archie started, then laughed.
	“Annoyed about what? Miss Kawn?”
	“No,” Max denied it hastily, then thought about it and shook his head. “I don’t know. It might sound funny, but I just feel like she’s treating me differently compared to when we were small. Bah. Anyway, I’m just annoyed.”
	Archie nodded to show he understood. “I see. So you’re sulking, then?”
	“No. Damnit! I’ll give it to you straight, Archie. I think… I might like her a little bit. Uh, does it count as liking her?”
	Max turned around and looked confusedly at Archie, his well-defined eyebrows scrunching together, looking lost.
	“She always teases me, makes me the brunt of her jokes, doesn’t show me any favors, but that suits me just fine. That makes me seem like a masochist, doesn’t it!”
	Archie laughed.
	Then he nodded. “Yeah, kinda.”
	“Archie!”
	Archie grinned, shook his head, and patted him on the shoulder. “It’s not for me to say. Think about it yourself. No matter how much other people talk about it, it’s just their feelings in the end. You still need to experience your own emotions for yourself. No rush. Take your time and think it through, and you’ll know what it is you want.”
	Max nodded, as if he somewhat understood.
	Archie cocked an eyebrow. “So you can come back in now?”
	Max nodded and pointed at his cigarette. “I’ll head back inside after I’m done smoking.”
	Only then did Archie leave.
	He went back inside and saw Natalia squinting at him. Walking over, he teased, “Having eye problems?”
	Natalia lulled briefly, then glared at him.
	She turned to see if anyone was paying attention, then pulled him to the side and asked, “Well? Is Max really mad?”
	Archie raised an eyebrow at her. “Are us men really that small-minded to you?”
	Natalia grunted and pursed her lips. “Depends. That stuff about men holding up the world is all nonsense, though.”
	Archie narrowed his eyes. “That sounds like… you’re dissatisfied with me.”
	He leant close. Sparks flew between them. Natalia jolted, then took a step back and waved, laughing it off.
	“No, no, you’re overthinking it. If there’s no problems, I’ll go look at them.”
	She slipped away hurriedly. Archie looked at her retreat and shook his head, chuckling.
	Getting back to the hotel, Natalia saw Victoria and Laura still gaming.
	Max leaving partway didn’t seem to affect their mood at all.
	She understood Victoria being like that. After all, the girl was sensitive at times, but most of the time, she looked like the didn’t care too much. But Laura…
	She sneaked over and looked at her from the side. Her head was bent. Even though her eyes were on the screen, she wasn’t moving right, and her mind was obviously on something else.
	Even Victoria had to remind her from time to time. “Watch out, Laura, assassin behind you.
	“Laura, follow me, don’t fall behind!”
	“What are you hesitating for? Hurry up and pile in on the boss!”
	“…”
	Laura was a bit out of sorts. She made a noncommittal sound and followed Victoria onwards, but her motions and expression all looked like she was completely unfocused.
	Natalia didn’t say anything as she grinned, getting a good sense of the big picture. She left without disturbing them.
	Walking to the doorway, she didn’t see Louis or Wanda, so she was a bit surprised.
	She ran into Stephen outside and asked, “Where’s Wanda and the doctor?”
	Stephen was a bit unsure as well. He thought for a while and said, “I didn’t see Louis, but Miss Kawn seemed to have followed a server to the flower room to see the flowers they’ve freshly planted here.”
	Natalia nodded. “Okay, I’ve got it.”
	This restaurant was a high-end place under Archie’s name. It wasn’t run for profit and only took a few customers within their circles.
	So rather than a restaurant, one could call it another Pinewood Manor.
Chapter 301 Make A Name
	The butler of the McCarthy family, who used to be in charge of this place, was an old gentleman named Bill.
	Bill used to work for Archie's father. After Archie's father passed away, he no longer stayed in the McCarthy family. He had wanted to retire and go back to his hometown, but was persuaded by Archie to stay. Later, he came here to be in charge of the management and operation of this private restaurant.
	Bill was in his sixties now, and his hair was almost all white, but he looked very kind and energetic.
	It was quiet in the garden house.
	Wanda stood aside and watched Bill carefully take out a flowerpot and put it on the table. When he uncovered the black gauze on it, a blooming blue rose immediately appeared.
	She was surprised, "Wow, so beautiful. Is this blue enchantress?"
	Bill smiled and said, "No, no. This is a variety I cultivated by myself. The blue enchantress you said is dyed by colors, which is different from mine."
	"Really? But this look is no different from the blue enchantress."
	Bill glared at her and sneered, "No! These two were obviously different! Look at the color of mine. Its petals and lines are much more beautiful than that of the blue enchantress."
	Wanda took a closer look, but she didn't think there was any difference.
	She smiled awkwardly and touched her nose. She didn't want to embarrass Bill, so she had to admit against her will, "Well, well, it's a little different."
	Hearing her approval, Bill smiled.
	Suddenly, something occurred to Bill. His eyes turned bright and then he said, "Come here. Help me take a photo of these flowers and me. I want to show it on my Twitter."
	Wanda couldn't help chuckling, "You also know Twitter?"
	Bill widened his eyes and asked, "What? An old man can’t play something that the young people like to play, huh?”
	Then he said proudly, "Let me tell you. I'm quite a celebrity on Twitter, a famous expert on plant development. I have almost one million fans."
	Wanda was a little surprised, "That’s quite something…"
	Bill raised his eyebrows proudly and asked, "What do you think? I’m no worse than young people, right?"
	Wanda smiled, "Yes, you are much better than us."
	Bill smiled and said, "Then come and visit me more often in the future. When the flowers inside bloom, I will give you some of them."
	"Okay, thank you."
	Bill waved his hand and smiled. He was in a good mood. "You're welcome, little girl. I like to talk to you very much. Come and visit me when you're free."
	Wanda smiled and didn't answer.
	She was very clear that although she had become a friend of Natalia’s today, she was from the Kawn family.
	Now the relationship between the four great families in Eqitin was complex. They were still friends today but might become enemies one day.
	The McCarthy family and the Kawn family were supposed to be in a good relationship because of a marriage, but they failed. Moreover, Archie willfully married a woman of ordinary background. In the future, the other three families that wanted to let their daughters marry Archie would have no hope.
	Since they had no hope for the McCarthy family, they would naturally find another way.
	As far as she knew, the man in the Bissel family was wooing Selena crazily recently.
	If the Kawn family and the Bissel family really had a good marriage, the situation would be more complex.
	As for her, even if she was not a close relative of the Kawn family, she had to avoid being suspected by the people in the Kawn family in such a situation, so she couldn't get too close to Natalia and people related to Natalia.
	Thinking of this, she felt a little depressed.
	But she didn't say anything. She just took the phone and smiled, "Get closer. I'll find a better angle for you."
	Then she asked Bill to stand next to the table and she moved towards the door.
	As she retreated, she adjusted the phone camera. As soon as she found a good angle, she said, "That's it. Get ready, and smile!"
	Suddenly, she heard a man's cough behind her. She was startled so she pressed the shutter subconsciously. With a click, the photo was taken.
	Then she immediately turned around and saw Louis standing there, only half a step away from her. If she retreated one step more, she would step on his feet.
	"Well, Louis, why are you here?"
	She was a little embarrassed and her face flushed slightly. As soon as she finished speaking, she saw a faint footprint on Louis’s leather shoes.
	All of a sudden, her face turned red.
	She stepped back in a hurry and said, "I'm sorry, Louis. I didn't see you, so I’m sorry for stepping on you."
	Louis smiled gently and waved his hand. "It doesn't matter."
	Then he took a look at the flowers in Bill's hands and asked, "What are you doing?"
	When Bill saw him, he waved at him with a smile and said, "Mr. Brown, come and have a look at my flowers."
	Obviously, Louis also knew that he liked to play with these things, so he didn't feel strange and walked over to have a look.
	Then he nodded, "Cool. it's beautiful, very beautiful."
	Hearing his praise, Bill was even happier. He smiled and said, "Mr. Brown is a well-educated gentleman. How about you give me a name for this flower? I'll give you a basin of it as a gift when you get married."
	Louis smiled and said, "Oh, it's the first time that I've seen Bill being so generous. I can't miss this opportunity. Wait for me to think about it."
	After thinking for a while, his eyes turned bright and he said, "This flower is very similar to the one I have seen. Why don't you just call it by its name?"
	Bill widened his eyes and asked, "What flowers?"
	"Blue enchantress!"
	"Poof!"
	Wanda couldn't help but burst into laughter.
	Bill's face darkened. He glared at Louis and said angrily, "You don't know how to appreciate it. I won't let neither of you takes it."
	Then he turned around and left angrily, with the flowers in his arms.
	Louis hurriedly said, "Hey, Bill, didn't you ask me to make a name? I think it's a good name."
	However, Bill ignored him and strode out with the flowers in his arms.
	Looking at the old man's receding figure, Louis touched his nose with a smug smile.
	Then he turned around and looked into Wanda's eyes, only to find that he had forgotten that there was a little girl here. It seemed that she had seen him playing a trick.
	She stood there, looking at him with a smile, her eyes full of tenderness and worship.
	He was a little stunned. He touched his face and thought there was something dirty on it. He felt it and found it was clean. Then he was relieved.
	He was confused, so he asked, "Why are you staring at me? Is there anything on my face?"
Chapter 302 Send Her Back Home
	His words brought Wanda back to her senses. Only then did she realize that she had been staring at him. She then blushed.
	She lowered her head and shook it. But when she thought of his lively look just now, she felt funny.
	After a long while, she said, "Nothing on it. I just think..."
	Louis raised her eyebrows and asked, "Think what?"
	Wanda finally smiled, "Nothing. I just saw that you always look serious in the past. You are praised as a living example in the Research Institute. I didn't know that you are also so naughty sometimes."
	Then she looked up at him with her bright eyes.
	Louis's heart skipped a beat when she stared at him. A strange feeling appeared, but he quickly calmed down and forgot it. He smiled awkwardly.
	"Naughty? This is the first time that someone has used this word to describe me!"
	After thinking for a while, he couldn't help laughing and explained, "Bill has watched us grow up, so he is naturally a close senior to us. So we can play jokes with him freely. I feel embarrassed to make you laugh."
	His words brought back his gentle and polite look.
	At the same time, he also brought back the distant relationship between the two people. Although he was still gentle and modest, he always gave Wanda a special sense of alienation.
	Wanda paused and felt a little uncomfortable.
	In fact, she had been waiting for an opportunity since Louis came in tonight.
	An opportunity for the two to get along alone.
	She thought as a man, he would take the initiative to mention what happened that night as long as the two got along alone.
	After all, no matter who took the initiative to do that, it was impossible to forget such an important matter.
	At least, the two of them should reach an agreement in private.
	Even if he really said that he was just drunk that night, she could accept the unintentional mistake after drinking.
	But now it seemed that the man did not want to mention what happened that night.
	Thinking of this, she couldn't help feeling sad.
	Maybe that night, she really shouldn't have...
	Louis didn't notice something wrong with her expression. He said, "I didn't greet you when I came in. I was just so rude."
	Wanda took a deep breath, suppressed the melancholy in the bottom of her heart, and forced a smile. "It's okay. I didn’t think there is anything wrong with your behavior before."
	She didn't lie. She preferred the way he behaved just now, compared with his polite and distant look now.
	But when she thought about it carefully, she guessed that he might not show that expression in front of anyone, so she didn’t think too much.
	Louis didn't notice her unusual emotion. He just nodded.
	The two of them stood there, speechless all of a sudden. The atmosphere became silent and inexplicably embarrassed.
	Wanda lowered her head slightly. No one knew what she was thinking about. In the light from the top of her head, her fair face was shining with a soft radiance. Although she was not exceedingly beautiful, she had a kind of attractive pureness.
	Louis glanced at her and then quickly looked away.
	He was eight years older than this little girl, enough to be her uncle, so he would never have any feelings for her.
	But why was his heart beating so fast?
	He took a deep breath secretly, feeling that it was not appropriate for the two of them to stand still like this, so he suggested, "It's very cold here. How about we go ahead? It's warmer over there."
	Originally, it was just a polite invitation, but when Wanda heard it, it was something else. She looked up at him quickly, pursed her lips and nodded. "Okay."
	As she spoke, her face flushed.
	The Louis keenly noticed the blush and couldn't help but be absent-minded.
	Why was this girl... bashful like this?
	She didn't say anything special. Why was she so bashful?
	She was indeed a little girl who hadn't grown up yet.
	Louis couldn't help but laugh. The strange feeling in his heart just now disappeared quietly because of this.
	After all, he was a decent gentleman. He would not be so cruel to do something to such a little girl who would be bashful when she talked to a man.
	When they returned to the living room, Max and Victoria had stopped playing games. Max was sitting on the sofa alone, taking his mobile phone and playing with Nano. The two of them were laughing and talking. Nobody knew what they were talking about.
	They looked around and didn't see Natalia and Victoria.
	Louis walked over and asked, "Where are they?"
	Max looked up at him and smiled, "You're back? Some of them went out. I don't know where they are. The rest are upstairs."
	Louis nodded and said, "Please tell them later that I have something else to do, so I have to go now."
	After saying that, he nodded to Wanda as a farewell.
	Max waved his hand and said, "Okay, you can go now. I'll tell them later."
	Seeing this, Louis didn't say anything but turned around and walked out.
	Wanda was stunned for a moment. Suddenly, she remembered something and shouted, "Louis, wait, I'll go with you."
	Then she ran after him.
	On the other side, Victoria looked at her watch and found that it was late. She stood up and was about to leave.
	However, as soon as she reached the door, she was stopped by Charlie who had just come in.
	At this time, Max was playing with his mobile phone on the sofa. There was a porch at the door, and it was a little far from where they were standing, so Max did not notice the two people at the door.
	Victoria looked back and made sure that Max didn't look at them. Then she turned around and frowned, "What are you doing?"
	Charlie said in a low voice, "Let me drive you home."
	After a pause, Victoria forced a smile and said, "No, thanks. I'll drive by myself."
	After saying that, she passed him and was about to leave.
	Charlie frowned and grabbed Victoria's arm. He was so strong that she felt a little pain.
	She frowned and looked back at him with anger. She said in a low voice, "Let me go."
	With an expressionless face, Charlie didn't loosen his grip. Instead, he stubbornly said, "I'll drive you home."
	Victoria looked back at Max, who was still playing in the hall, and she hesitated.
	In fact, she didn't want to be entangled with him in front of everyone, in case that everyone would find out the relationship between them, which would cause trouble.
	So she nodded perfunctorily and walked out.
	She didn't stop until she walked outside. She had thought that she could walk fast and directly get into her car to leave. The man might not be able to catch up with her car even if he ran.
	However, to her surprise, Charlie had already asked the waiter to drive the car over. As soon as she arrived at the door, the car stopped in front of her.
	Charlie got out of the car, opened the door and said coldly, "Get in the car."
Chapter 303 Stop the Car
	Victoria paused and glanced at him, unwilling to give up.
	But if she went to get her car at this time, it was obviously too late. This man was so strong that he would definitely not let her leave.
	She finally made up her mind. Just to let him drive her home. It was no big deal.
	Then she got into his car.
	She didn't refuse anymore. Charlie's face softened and then he sat on the driver's seat.
	In the middle of the night, the car sped silently on the quiet road of Eqitin. With the bustling night view on the road, the two sat in the car without saying anything.
	It was late at night. In fact, Victoria was a little tired. After all, she had just given birth and her physical strength was not as good as that of a normal person, so she felt sleepy as soon as she got in the car.
	But it was winter now and the temperature was low at night. Even if the heating was on in the car, it was still a little cold for Victoria, who had a weak body after giving birth.
	She gathered her coat and tried to wrap herself tighter.
	However, someone moved faster than her. He threw a coat to her.
	Victoria was stunned.
	The coat was Charlie's. There was a faint aura that only belonged to this man on it.
	He held the steering wheel and didn't look at her. There was still a cold expression on his face.
	However, Victoria only felt warm. Her heart, which had been cold because of the cold war for several months, gradually warmed up.
	She coughed awkwardly but didn't refuse. She wrapped his coat and said vaguely, "Thank you."
	Charlie didn't answer her.
	But his cold face softened a lot.
	The atmosphere in the car was a little strange.
	Although the two of them still didn't speak, it was obvious that the atmosphere was not as cold as it was when they first had got in the car.
	Actually, Victoria didn't like this feeling.
	This feeling made her feel out of control. She had tried something before, and she had thought that courage would bring her unexpected gains, but what had waited for her were losses and pains.
	So she didn't want to touch it again. All she wanted in her life was to live a quiet life with Joy.
	The youth and excitement had been buried in that desperate night more than half a year ago.
	She turned her head to look out of the window. Just then, Charlie's phone rang.
	She glanced at him. Charlie frowned and picked up the phone impatiently.
	He didn't say much but nodded twice with a very cold attitude.
	Therefore, Victoria couldn't figure out who it was from his words, but she didn't care. No matter who it was, it had nothing to do with her.
	Charlie hung up the phone soon.
	After a moment's silence, he suddenly said, "Get ready to take Joy with me to the Stevenson family."
	Victoria's eyelids twitched.
	All her sleepiness was gone.
	She looked at Charlie vigilantly and asked coldly, "What do you mean?"
	Charlie frowned and seemed to be making an excuse. After a while, he answered, "There's a call from home. They want to see the child."
	"No way!"
	Victoria refused without hesitation.
	The atmosphere in the car became cold and silent again.
	Charlie's face darkened.
	Victoria held her arms and turned to look out of the window. Her face was gloomy and she didn't say anything more.
	After a while, Charlie said, "I've agreed on it. I have to do it."
	"Why?"
	Victoria was pissed off.
	She turned her head and stared at the man in front of her with her bloodshot eyes. "As I said, this child has nothing to do with you! It also has nothing to do with your family! Why do I have to take Joy to see them? I don't agree!"
	Charlie’s face turned sullen.
	"Victoria, I'm not discussing with you. I'm informing you!"
	Victoria was furious.
	"I don't want to argue with you!"
	As she spoke, she took off his coat, threw it on him and went to open the door.
	"Stop the car! I want to get off!"
	Charlie's face darkened.
	Seeing that he didn't stop the car, Victoria became angrier. Finally, she made up her mind and tried to grab the steering wheel from him.
	Charlie's eyebrows twitched.
	"Victoria, what are you doing?"
	"I asked you to stop the car. Can't you hear me?"
	"You are f*cking crazy! This is on the highway!"
	"Then so what even if we’re on the highway? Stop if you don't want to die! Otherwise, you’ll die together with me. Do you believe it?"
	Finally, the car stopped at the roadside with a sudden brake.
	Charlie stared at her with a livid face. Victoria's face turned red with anger. She opened the door and jumped out of the car.
	"Let me tell you! Without my permission, you can't take my child away unless I'm dead! You can take my child after passing by my dead body! Otherwise, this child has nothing to do with the Stevenson family for the rest of his life!"
	Victoria shouted angrily, turned around and strode away.
	Holding the steering wheel, Charlie's face was as dark as the night. He stared coldly at the back of the woman in front of him, and the knuckles of his fingers holding the steering wheel turned pale.
	After a while, he suddenly slapped on the steering wheel!
	Then he started the car and drove forward.
	…
	It was almost one o'clock in the morning when Victoria returned home.
	She couldn't take care of the baby alone.
	Therefore, as soon as she came back, she specially hired a reliable nanny with the help of Natalia.
	Today, when Victoria went out, the nanny would take care of the baby.
	When she got home, the nanny had already taken the baby to bed.
	Victoria gently pushed the door open and saw the baby sleeping soundly in the crib.
	In order to make it convenient for the nanny to get up in the middle of the night to feed the baby, there was a floor lamp in the corner, which was on all night.
	At this time, the dim light shone down, making the whole room warm and quiet.
	Victoria lovingly looked at the baby in the crib. He was sleeping so soundly with his little pink fists clenched. He was so cute.
	Her heart softened. She couldn't help smiling. She bent over and kissed the child's face.
	However, as soon as she touched the baby's forehead, she suddenly felt something wrong.
	The temperature of the baby was surprisingly high, as if she had touched a ball of burning charcoal.
	At first, Victoria thought that it was because she came in from outside and her body was cold that she felt hot when she touched the baby’s warm face.
	However, when she rubbed her face to make it warmer and touched the baby’s forehead again with her forehead, it was still so hot.
	Victoria's face changed!
	"Helen, Helen, wake up!"
	She hurriedly woke up the nanny who was sleeping next to the baby and ran out to get the thermometer.
	Before Helen could understand what was going on, she opened her eyes in a daze and asked, "Victoria, you're back. What's wrong?"
	Victoria's face darkened. "Joy seems to have a fever."
Chapter 304 Fortunately, He Is There
	"What?"
	Helen's face also changed when she heard that.
	The two of them quickly checked the baby's temperature, and it was 38.5 degrees Celsius.
	All of a sudden, Victoria felt that her mind was in a mess. Fortunately, Helen was experienced, so she comforted Victoria in a hurry, "Don't panic. It is just 38.5, which is not too serious for a baby. Let's go to the hospital now. It will be fine."
	Victoria nodded in a daze.
	Victoria had a drink at night, so she couldn't drive.
	To her embarrassment, Helen couldn't drive either.
	The villa they lived in was a rich area. There were taxis passing by, but it would take at least ten minutes to stop a taxi outside the ring road.
	It was closer to the Pinewood Manor from here, and they would arrive in five or six minutes. But it was so late now, so it was not a good idea to bother them. On the other hand, she didn't know if Natalia had come back.
	Victoria was so anxious with the baby in her arms. While comforting her, Helen tried to call a car in with her mobile phone.
	However, even if a car came in at midnight, it would take more than ten minutes.
	Just then, Victoria suddenly saw a black off-road vehicle parking not far away.
	The car was a little familiar. On the driver's seat, there was a spark lighting and extinguishing, as if someone was smoking.
	Victoria made up her mind. She gritted her teeth and ran over with the baby in her arms.
	"Victoria, where are you going?"
	Helen hurried to follow her.
	Victoria ran to the car and smashed the door hard.
	The door opened, revealing the man's cold and handsome face.
	It was really Charlie!
	She should have been angry when she saw this face, but at this time, she seemed to see a Savior, and her eyes turned red.
	"Charlie, take us to the hospital. I beg you, please!"
	Charlie frowned.
	He took a look at the baby in her arms and his face changed slightly. Then he suddenly threw the cigarette butt far away from the window.
	He didn't say anything, nor did he ask anything. He said in a deep voice, "Get in the car!"
	Victoria held the baby in her arms and sat on the passenger seat.
	At the same time, Helen also followed her. She was surprised to see her get in a stranger's car.
	Victoria didn't have much time to explain to her. She just signaled Helen to get in the car as soon as possible. Then they drove to the hospital.
	After all, Charlie was a car racer and racing was what he did.
	At this time, regardless of the traffic lights on the roads, he sped all the way, and it just took them ten minutes to finish the long trip that should have taken half an hour.
	They arrived at the hospital soon.
	Victoria handed the baby to the doctor. The checking result came out soon.
	The child caught a cold because of the chill. In addition, his skin and iris were yellowing, which was predicted to be jaundice. More details could be confirmed after further examination.
	Victoria's face turned pale as soon as she heard the word "jaundice". She collapsed onto the chair.
	The doctor comforted, "it's not a rare phenomenon for a newborn to have jaundice. Although it happens to this baby a little late, it might not be a bad thing. Moreover, it has been found early, so it's generally not dangerous."
	Victoria felt a little relieved.
	The baby was soon taken away by the doctor for a further examination, and the fever was brought down with medicine.
	Victoria followed him closely, afraid that something bad would happen to the baby.
	The baby caught a cold and had a fever at home. Helen felt guilty and began to blame herself because of the lack of care. She was even ashamed to look at Victoria.
	Charlie had a general understanding of what had happened, but he was much calmer than Victoria and Helen, both of whom were in low spirits.
	Because there were a lot of examinations to do, and some of them were very important, which needed the family's signature.
	Victoria's hands were shaking when she was signing.
	After signing, the nurse looked at the crooked words and frowned.
	"It's not a good sign. It's hard to recognize. It doesn't look like a normal signature. What if you don't admit it then? Sign it again!"
	Then she took another form.
	Victoria's face turned pale. Seeing this, Charlie took the pen and signed his name on it.
	The nurse looked at him and then looked at his signature.
	"Are you the father of the child? That's all right. Just wait here. The examination will be finished in half an hour. "
	Then she left with the form.
	After the doctor left, Victoria sat on the chair in silence, looking depressed.
	Helen came over and said guiltily, "I'm sorry, Victoria. I didn't take good care of Joy, so he caught a cold. I'm really sorry."
	Victoria glanced at her and said nothing.
	It seemed that she had no strength to blame Helen.
	Seeing her like this, Helen felt more guilty.
	Charlie leaned against the wall and didn't say anything. He just looked at Helen coldly.
	About half an hour later, the baby was finally sent out after the examination.
	Victoria stood up and looked at the doctor nervously.
	"Doctor, how is my baby?"
	The doctor said with a serious look, "it's not a big problem with the fever. He will be alright after two antipyretic stickers. But now it's confirmed that it's jaundice, so the child has to be hospitalized for observation these two days. You can pay the fees first. After we make a good preparation, you can see the child."
	Victoria's face turned pale.
	Charlie took the form, turned around and was going to pay the bill.
	Since the baby was going to be hospitalized, there must be a lot of things that need to be prepared.
	Helen hurried to take a taxi back to get those things they needed. When she came back, the baby had been settled in the ward, and Victoria and Charlie were also inside.
	She didn't know Charlie but judging from the way they got along with each other just now, she knew that the relationship between the two was unusual.
	So she put down the things silently, turned around and went out without saying anything.
	Soon, the doctor came in.
	The doctor gave them a box of medicine and told them that the baby needed to do further examination at ten o'clock tomorrow morning.
	After listening to the doctor's words, Victoria roughly knew that although the baby was ill, but fortunately, it was found early and was not very dangerous.
	Then she breathed a sigh of relief.
	Only then did she have time to pay attention to Charlie and Helen.
	After comforting Helen for a while, she asked Helen to go out and leave Charlie here.
	"Thank you."
	She lowered her head and said.
	No matter what, if he wasn't here, she wouldn't be able to find a car so fast. Then she would have been more flustered.
	Charlie looked at her with a sneer.
	"For what?"
	Victoria pursed her lips.
	"Thank you for driving us here."
	"Huh!" He sneered, "Victoria, you seem to have forgotten that he is not only your son, but also mine."
	Victoria was speechless.
Chapter 305 Be His Mistress
	Although what he said was true, Victoria was not happy to accept the way he spoke.
	Victoria suppressed her anger and said in disgust, "Don’t try to trick me. I tell you what. Joy doesn't need a father like you at all!”
	"What's wrong with having a father like me? Without me, how could you give birth to him?"
	"You!"
	Victoria didn't expect that he would be so indecent suddenly, which made her very angry.
	Sure enough, women were always at a disadvantage when it came to such things.
	She bit her lips and said, "Well, if you insist on regarding him as your son, it's okay. When he grows up, if he really likes you and insists on going with you, I won't stop him. But before that, you and the Stevenson family can't take him away from me!"
	Charlie frowned.
	He held his arms, frowned and thought for a while. Then he asked, "Do you have any misunderstanding about the Stevenson family?"
	Victoria snorted and said nothing.
	Charlie had to continue, "No one in the Stevenson family has ever said that they want to take your child away. I didn't mean that."
	Victoria was stunned.
	She raised her head and looked at him suspiciously.
	"Are you kidding me?"
	"Is it necessary for me to do that?"
	Victoria was silent for a moment.
	As he said, it was indeed unnecessary.
	Now, he was no longer the young man who had been down and out. He didn't need to rely on others anymore. He could get anything he wanted, and naturally he didn't need to deceive anyone.
	Victoria finally calmed down.
	However, thinking of his attitude in F country before, she was still a little uncertain.
	Then she asked nervously, "Then you..."
	Charlie smiled.
	He seldom smiled. Even if he smiled, he just slightly pulled the corners of his mouth. It was always not a smile, but a sneer.
	Therefore, it was rare to see him smile today. Victoria was a little surprised.
	Charlie was good-looking. When he didn't smile, his eyes were cold and wild.
	But when he smiled, it was like sunshine suddenly appeared in a cold place, making people feel an indescribable sense of pleasure.
	Somehow, Victoria's heart skipped a beat.
	The next second, he said, "Since you don't want to leave the child and the child also loves you so much, I think it's better not to separate the two of you."
	Victoria was stunned and surprised.
	However, the man continued, "How about... both of you stayed with me together?"
	Victoria's coming smile froze on her face.
	Charlie seemed to take it seriously. He held his chin as if he was really thinking about the practicability of this matter.
	Victoria was almost driven mad by him.
	"Never dream about it!"
	She pushed him out angrily.
	"Get out! Don't let me see you here again!"
	Charlie grabbed her hand and stopped at the door. No matter how hard she tried, she couldn't push the man.
	Victoria was so angry that she took his hand and bit it.
	The man's arm was full of muscles. She bit him hard, but it didn't hurt him. Her front teeth almost broke.
	Victoria almost cried because of this.
	However Charlie was in a good mood when he looked at Victoria’s angry face.
	He pinched her chin, forced her to let go of his hand and then used his hand to raise her head.
	Victoria struggled several times but failed. She yelled at him, "Charlie! You’re not a decent man! You can’t bully a weak woman!”
	"A weak woman?" Charlie seemed to hear a joke all of a sudden and gave a wicked smile. "I don't remember what kind of weak woman you are. Besides, you know clearly whether I am a man or not, don't you?"
	Victoria was speechless.
	Her face flushed with anger, or maybe shyness.
	After a long while, she gritted her teeth and said, "Stop dreaming. I tell you what. I won't marry you!"
	Charlie raised his eyebrows.
	His eyes became colder.
	"What are you thinking about? I never said I would marry you."
	Victoria was stunned.
	Then her face turned sullen.
	"Then what do you mean?"
	"Well, we’re young people. It's normal for young people to spend nights together, isn’t it? I can’t be responsible for every night and every woman I have made love with.”
	Victoria was so angry that her face turned pale.
	She gritted her teeth and said, "Charlie, why didn't I see that you are so shameless before?"
	Charlie sneered.
	"Yes, I didn't know that people could be so shameless before. I learned it from the Kaur family. Now you also feel this kind of humiliation. Do you feel good about it?"
	Victoria sneered.
	"You want me to be your girlfriend? Never dream about it. I tell you what. Even if all the men in the world die, I won't be with you."
	A hint of mockery flashed through Charlie's eyes.
	"So you and all the members of the Kaur family like to flattering yourselves. Girlfriend? I said that to keep you a decent, honored young lady. To put it bluntly, it’s just a mistress. Do you understand it now?"
	Victoria's face turned completely pale.
	Charlie rubbed her chin gently with his fingers and then loosened his grip.
	"This is a good deal for you. Listen to me. Think it over and give me your answer."
	Then he turned around and left.
	…
	Natalia didn't know Joy was in hospital until noon.
	When she arrived at the hospital, the baby had just taken an examination and was sleeping soundly in a thermal bed.
	Natalia pulled Victoria aside and asked, "Is there anything serious?"
	Victoria shook her head.
	"The fever has been brought down, and now it is the treatment of jaundice. The doctor said there is no big problem."
	Natalia breathed a sigh of relief.
	"You should have called me last night. How could you take care of the baby alone?"
	Victoria forced a smile.
	Without mentioning Charlie, she said calmly, "It's not a big deal. Don't you have any shooting to do today? Why are you here?"
	Natalia gave her an angry glance.
	"Definitely I should ask for a leave when my godson is being sick."
	Victoria couldn't help laughing. "Don't spoil him so much. It’s okay to do that now, but he should not be spoiled too much when he's older."
	Natalia shook her head.
	"No, I won't."
	She reached out and touched the baby's forehead. Sure enough, he didn't have a fever, but his little pink face had turned into unhealthy yellow, which made him look pitiful.
	Natalia sighed.
	She whispered to the baby, "Little Joy, you must be healthy. Be fine as soon as possible. When you are fine, I'll take you to eat delicious food and play football with you."
	Victoria's heart softened at the sight of this.
	It was already evening when they came out of the hospital.
	Natalia left after dinner with Victoria.
	Originally, she wanted to stay here with Victoria, but was refused by Victoria harshly.
	Helen was there, and there were so many doctors and nurses. They were enough to take good care of Joy.
	If Natalia stayed, she could do nothing but worry about the baby.
Chapter 306 Birthday Gift
	Natalia also knew it, so she finally decided to go home.
	A few days later, Natalia’s filming would be completed, and that day was Christmas, so Max called them and asked if they wanted to get together.
	Natalia thought she was free, so she agreed.
	Only when she arrived there did she know that today was not only Christmas but also Louis’s birthday.
	Natalia did not expect that. She even didn’t bring a gift to him, so she felt a little embarrassed.
	Fortunately, Archie had prepared a gift. When he handed her the gift, Natalia glared at him.
	“Why didn’t you tell me earlier?”
	Archie laughed out, “You’ve been so busy lately. I don’t want to bother you about this.”
	Then he paused, “We and Louis grew up together. He won’t mind this.”
	Although Natalia knew that what he said was true, she also understood that it was something she should do.
	The party was lively. However, Natalia suddenly received a message.
	It was sent by Wanda.
	She felt a little surprised.
	After drinking together last time, Natalia had exchanged Facebook with Wanda, but they hadn’t contacted each other since then.
	Therefore, when Natalia received her message, she was a bit confused.
	Natalia got up and came to the outside. She saw Wanda standing near the corner in a beige cashmere sweater.
	Seeing her come out, Wanda rushed over and smiled, “Sorry to bother you, Mrs. McCarthy. This is a gift I prepared for Louis. Can you pass it on to him for me?”
	Natalia was suddenly even more puzzled.
	“Louis is right inside. Wouldn’t it be better for you to give it to him yourself?”
	Wanda forced a smile.
	“No, I still have some urgent business to attend to, so I need to leave immediately. I won’t disturb your party. Besides, it’s not something important. I just stopping by, and I heard you were here, so I come along.”
	When it came to this, Natalia thought she should help her.
	So, she took the gift over.
	“Okay then. Are you sure you don’t want to go in and have a drink?”
	“No, I still have something to deal with, so I’ll leave now.”
	Natalia shook her head, “No trouble at all.”
	“I’ll leave then.”
	“Okay.”
	Looking at her back, Natalia cannot help but felt helpless.
	But she didn’t think too much about it. She took the box in her hand and walked in.
	When she came back, Max was playing cards with them.
	The three of them had just finished a round and were having a half-time break.
	Archie saw her come in and asked, “Where did you go?”
	Natalia replied, “Wanda suddenly sent me a message and told me that she had something to give me.”
	While saying that, she walked to Louis and gave the box to him, “This is the birthday gift for you from Wanda. You should have a look at it.”
	Louis was stunned and felt a little surprised.
	He checked the box in his hand. Then he got up and looked behind her and asked, “Where is she?”
	Natalia sighed, “She has left!”
	“Left? Now that she’s here, why did she leave so fast?”
	Natalia shrugged, “How should I know? But she said she had to deal with something urgent.”
	Louis nodded. He didn’t take it to heart, so he did not continue to ask her for more details.
	Several people played cards until midnight.
	Then they all went home.
	The Brown family had recently gone abroad and they were not at home. Louis felt bored staying home alone.
	Besides, he had drunk the alcohol. He also had an early operation tomorrow morning, so he directly booked a room in the hotel to have a rest.
	Archie and others just left Louis there and went home.
	It was late at night. Louis returned to his room, feeling physically and mentally exhausted. He felt even more tired than having ten major operations.
	He lay down on the bed, and when he turned his head, he saw the box placed on the bed.
	It was brought by Wanda today. The pink box was very beautiful, and with a bow on it. It looked like a little girl’s thing.
	Louis curled up his lips and didn’t feel that tired. He was in a much better mood.
	So, he got up and went over to open the box.
	It was full of hand-folded little stars in this box. He was stunned and chuckled to himself. It was the first time in his life to receive such a gift.
	How shall he describe it? A unique gift!
	Louis still remembered that the last time he saw someone doing this, he was still in high school! That was years ago.
	He did not expect that after many years, he had also received such a gift himself.
	He smiled, flipped through the stars inside, and found a slip of paper.
	The paper had a message on it. The handwriting was delicate and pretty, just like his impression on her.
	It read, “Louis, happy birthday to you. I do not know what you need. Maybe you do not need anything, just need a sincere blessing, then I wish you always happy.”
	It was not the flowery language, nor was it special, but it made Louis feel warm.
	The corners of Louis’s mouth hooked up.
	He suddenly thought of something, turned to take out his mobile phone and quickly dialed the number.
	When he was about to dial it, he hesitated.
	Finally, Louis chose to give up, with some mixed feelings in his heart.
	What’s wrong with him? It was just an ordinary gift. Was he really going to call the little girl to thank her?
	After Wanda got drunk last time, she gave him her phone. He accidentally saw her cell phone number.
	Originally, Louis did not want to remember her number, but his memory had always been very good. He could remember it firmly in mind by just looking at the number a few times.
	When he thought of that night, he got a little excited.
	That time, they were attending a little party held by the Research Institute.
	He was a very good drinker, but that day he was so happy and drank a little too much.
	Wanda was not good at drinking. She was drunk after having a few drinks.
	His colleagues asked him to send her back to her room. In front of so many people, Wanda was also the only girl in the Research Institute. He also didn’t trust the other men, so he personally sent her back to her room.
	But he didn’t expect that she threw up all over him as soon as he put her on the bed.
	Not only over him, but also on the bed.
	It was already late at night. He called the front desk but learned that there was no room available. He couldn’t bear to let her stay in this room which was dirty and full of vomit.
	So, he had to take her to his room, cleaned up and let her sleep.
	Unexpectedly, the little girl got up the next day and left without even a thank you.
	He even slept on the sofa all night.
	Thinking of this, Louis could not help but chuckle to himself.
	He was surprised that Wanda, who had always been dignified and polite, could be so rash and naughty one day.
Chapter 307 Something Bad Happened to Him
	He dropped the phone, picked up his clothes and went to take a shower.
	However, just at that moment, the doorbell rang.
	He froze and asked, “Who is it?”
	No one answered outside. He frowned and walked over to open the door. However, as soon as the door opened, before he could see who was standing outside, someone threw some strange white powder violently at him.
	He just felt something very pungent, and then he completely lost consciousness.
	On the other side, when Wanda had just returned home, she saw her mom walk out.
	Although the Kawn family was very influential, Wanda’s family, only remotely related to them, did not enjoy any real convenience.
	Because Wanda’s father had no desire to make progress, he was ignored by the Kawn family all the time.
	At present, he did some retail business. His favorite thing was drinking and playing cards with his friends.
	Wanda’s mother, Ciara, was a middle school teacher. Although her family was not well-off, she was very gentle and virtuous. Anyway, they lived a happy life.
	Seeing that her mother was still neatly dressed at this late hour, Wanda wondered, “Mom, are you going out?”
	Ciara sighed, “Your father and some friends are playing cards at the hotel. He told me that he had no cash at hand, so he asked me to send him some.”
	Wanda frowned.
	“It’s so late. Is he still playing cards?”
	“Yes. Your father wants to develop in the real estate industry recently. He takes a fancy to a piece of land in the south of the city and wants to buy it with your uncles, so he invited several people in the bureau to have dinner. If they want to play, he must accompany them.”
	Hearing that, Wanda turned her head and saw the dark night outside through the window, she felt a little worried.
	She thought about it and said in a deep voice, “Give it to me! I’ll go there.”
	Ciara looked at her, feeling a little worried, “Are you sure? It’s so late.”
	“Your eyesight is poor. If I can’t, you can’t either. I’ll drive there. Nothing would happen. Just wait for me at home. I’ll be back soon.”
	Ciara then agreed.
	Wanda took the money and went straight out.
	Half an hour later, she arrived at the hotel her mother told her.
	Looking at the glorious hotel name in front of her, she couldn’t help but feel stunned.
	How could it be here? Wasn’t this the place where Louis held his birthday party today?
	She didn’t think it would be such a coincidence. In just a few hours, she was back again.
	But she didn’t think much about it, and with her head down, she hurriedly walked in the guest room department.
	After exiting the elevator, she took out her cell phone to call her dad, but for some reason, the cell phone suddenly lost its signal.
	She frowned and looked at the “no signal” displayed on her mobile phone. She had no choice but to recall what her mother said before going out and moved on.
	Just then, however, the door of a nearby room was suddenly pulled open from the inside, and then she saw a man stumbling out.
	She was startled and immediately took a step back. After the man ran closer, she identified this man and felt so surprised.
	It was Louis!
	She hurriedly ran over, grabbed Louis’s hand, and asked, “Louis, what happened to you?”
	Louis raised his head and stared at her. His eyes were so scarlet.
	Someone wearing high heel was chasing after him. Louis suddenly grabbed her and flashed towards the room next to them. Then they rolled in that room at the same time.
	The door was closed. They leaned close to the door and didn’t even dare to take a breath.
	It was so quiet. The light was off in this room. They could hear each other’s breath. Wanda could even hear Louis’s violent heartbeat.
	Wanda was tense all over her body. Through the faint light from the crack of the door, she looked at the man whose face was so red and his body was so hot, in front of her. She didn’t know what had happened to him.
	That person stayed outside for a while and then left.
	Hearing that person walk away, Louis seemed to be suddenly relieved. He suddenly fell down, and all the weight of his body was on her.
	Wanda was startled and hurriedly held him up. She said hurriedly, “Louis, what happened to you? Are you okay?”
	Louis was weak. He looked at her, and then said, “I’m fine.”
	However, even if he said he was fine, his forehead was already covered with sweat, and his body trembled slightly because of pain.
	Wanda was scared by his appearance. She hugged him and tried to drag him inside.
	“How can you be fine like this? But don’t worry, stay here for a while. I’ll go and ask someone to help us.”
	Louis was very tall, so Wanda couldn’t drag him at all.
	Moreover, the more she touched him like this, the more uncomfortable Louis felt.
	After a while, she dragged him to the bedroom. After turning on the light, she was shocked when seeing his face.
	His face was so red. His blood vessels protruded, and his eyes were very red as if he wanted to eat her alive.
	Wanda appeared pale. She said in a trembling voice, “Louis, you...”
	Before she could finish saying her words, Louis suddenly gave a low roar and pushed her away, “Don’t touch me.”
	His words made Wanda startled, and then her heart pricked slightly.
	She felt her eyes were sore. It seemed she was about to cry out.
	She took a deep breath and said, “Louis, don’t be nervous. I don’t mean to hurt you. I’m just worried about you. You must feel very uncomfortable. Don’t be afraid. I’ll take you to the hospital now, okay?”
	After saying that, she took out her phone.
	However, before the number was dialed out, the phone was snatched by Louis, and the next second, the phone was hit on the wall and fell to pieces.
	Wanda was stunned. It was the first time she saw Louis like this. But before she could react, the man suddenly came over to her and grabbed her chin.
	His face was still scarlet and his whole person seemed strange, which made Wanda a little scared.
	The pain coming from her chin told her that this man was out of control now and was no longer the Louis she was familiar with.
	She shivered and stepped back, “Louis, are you okay? Don’t scare me.”
	In fact, she had guessed something in her heart.
	But after all, she had not experienced that, so she was not sure.
	But Louis was completely out of his mind at that moment, he couldn’t hear what she was saying but only stared at her with a pair of scarlet eyes. He looked like a beast in the jungle, staring at his prey.
	He suddenly said in a hoarse voice, “Little girl, come here.”
	Wanda’s body trembled. How dare she go over! She just shivered and kept backing up.
	“Louis, you, if you felt uncomfortable, I will go to call someone to help you, okay? I, I’m going to call someone to help you!”
	After saying that, she got up and wanted to run away.
Chapter 308 Get Married
	However, it was too late. As soon as she stepped out, the man grabbed her and threw her on the big bed behind.
	She could only scream out in pain, “No!”
	Then, Louis stopped her with his kiss. Although it was cold at night, the man was so crazy and enthusiastic.
	Wanda struggled desperately, but it was useless. Finally, her tears fell on the pillow.
	The next day, when Wanda woke up, the man beside her was still sleeping.
	The window opened a little. The soft sunlight shone in through the window lattice.
	She closed her eyes, and could still feel the pain. What happened last night made her fingertips tremble slightly.
	Although she had thought about what it would be like to have sex with him, she really thought that they had had sex that night. However, it was only last night that she realized that nothing had happened that night. Not at all.
	But when they really had sex, she could only feel the pain.
	After a long while, she reopened her eyes, paused, and turned her head to look at that man.
	Maybe it was because he was so crazy last night that he still didn’t mean to wake up. She looked at his face. Although she knew it was him, she couldn’t help shaking when she saw this handsome man sleeping beside her.
	She couldn’t tell how she felt. He was quiet and beautiful at that moment, just like an angel.
	However, no one would have thought how cruel and tyrannical he was last night.
	Wanda took a deep breath, not wanting to remember those unpleasant memories. When she just wanted to get up, her cell phone rang.
	She was startled and hurriedly picked it up to cover it. Then she looked at the man, only to see that he frowned slightly. He rolled over and took her into his arms, and did not make any other moves.
	Wanda couldn’t even breathe. She turned the phone on silent and didn’t move any longer.
	After a long while, she felt that the man beside her did not wake up, and only then did she breathe a sigh of relief.
	She took out her cell phone and looked at it. It was her mother.
	She felt guilty when she remembered what her mother had told her before she went out last night.
	She gently moved the man’s arm around her waist before she got up. Then she got her phone, changed her clothes and left.
	When she arrived home, her mother was cooking breakfast in the kitchen. Ciara hurriedly came out of the kitchen and asked, “Wanda, why are you back now? What did you do last night? I can’t get through your phone last night.”
	When Wanda’s mother asked her this question, she didn’t know what to say.
	She could only tell her ambiguous, “I need to deal with something urgent in the Research Institute. Mom, I am a little tired. I will go upstairs to have a rest.”
	After saying that, she hurriedly ran upstairs.
	After returning to her room, she locked the door, then took her clothes and went into the bathroom.
	The warm water poured down from the top of her head. She closed her eyes and stood under the showerhead. She only felt that the pain in her body was relieved. The warm water flowed down her skin and the mirror opposite reflected her beautiful figure. Her fair skin was covered with marks.
	Last night, the man treated her so violently.
	She vaguely felt that he was abnormal last night, but she had never experienced it before, so she was not sure about it.
	When she woke up in the morning, she was perplexed in mind and ran away. Otherwise, she didn’t know how to face him when he woke up.
	She took a deep breath and suppressed the panic in her heart before she turned off the shower. Then she dried herself off and walked outside.
	She felt a little tired. She lay down on the bed, originally only intending to squint for a while, but unexpectedly as soon as she lay on the bed, she immediately fell asleep.
	Wanda fell into a deep sleep, but she didn’t sleep for a long time. Because she had a dream, it was all about what happened last night.
	The man’s scarlet eyes were like crazy fire, even burning her entire body into ashes.
	Finally, she gasped and woke up. After waking up, she looked at the time. It was still early at 10 a.m.
	But she no longer wanted to sleep. She was afraid that once she fell asleep, she would have that dream again.
	So, she got up, got dressed and went outside.
	As soon as she got downstairs, she saw some people from the Bissel family sitting in the living room.
	Although the Kawn family didn’t put them in an important position, she still had an analytical mind.
	She was not familiar with the Bissel family, but she had seen them at the old master’s birthday party once before.
	At this moment, sitting in the living room was the mother and son of a side branch of the Bissel family. The woman was Valerie and the man was Blake.
	She was also quite familiar with Blake. They went to the same college, but they didn’t usually communicate with each other because they took different majors.
	But there were rumors in the college that Blake liked her, so she paid a little more attention to him since then.
	However, she really didn’t know why they came here today.
	As soon as she came out, Ciara saw her and waved to her with a smile, “Wanda, come here and greet Mrs. Bissel.”
	Wanda pursed her lips. She could only walk over and said expressionlessly, “Nice to meet you, Mrs. Bissel.”
	Mrs. Bissel looked at her and nodded. She felt very satisfied, “You are so pretty. Baker is so lucky to marry such a good girl.”
	She smiled happily and waved at her, “Come here!”
	Wanda’s eyelids jerked and she looked at her mother in disbelief.
	Ciara ignored her and didn’t look at her.
	Wanda frowned and did not go over, but said in a deep voice, “Mrs. Bissel, what did you mean? I didn’t understand.”
	Mrs. Bissel still held a smile on her face and said gently, “Wanda, I heard that you and Baker were classmates, and you have a good relationship, right? I thought our two families have known each other very well for a long time, and you and Baker are also of similar age, so you can get along well with each other. I want to take this opportunity to talk to your mother to see if there is a chance for you to marry Baker.”
Chapter 309 Get A Grandchild Soon
	Wanda’s expression changed.
	She said in a deep voice, “Mrs. Bissel, I think you get me wrong. We are just schoolmates, nothing else.”
	“I know you were just schoolmates before. But I think you should contact more in the future.”
	She also glanced at Ciara when she said these to Wanda.
	“Besides, your mother has agreed. We can lie to you, but she won’t, right!”
	Wanda turned to look at her mother in disbelief.
	Ciara was a little guilty, but she still forced a smile.
	“Wanda, I’ll tell you more about this later, but we did agree to it.”
	“What? How can you make my lifetime choice for me?”
	Wanda was instantly angry.
	She was gentle, but that didn’t mean she had no temper, especially when it came to her marriage.
	Ciara also felt a little embarrassed.
	She was about to say something, but she didn’t say anything in the end.
	Seeing her like this, Valerie seemed unhappy.
	“How can you talk to your mother in this way? Our Bissel family is also an influential family, and Baker is outstanding. Isn’t he good enough for you? How can you say these to us?”
	Wanda laughed coldly.
	“Okay. I know Baker is very good. It’s not that he isn’t good enough for me, but I’m not good enough for him, okay?”
	She turned her head to look at Ciara, found she had a sullen look, and said in a cold voice, “Mom, you don’t have to bother making these arrangements for me. I’ll tell you the truth. I have someone I like, and I’ll never marry another man in my life!”
	“What’s more, I also know what you are thinking about. You want the Kawn family and the Bissel family to unite by marriage. But Selena didn’t agree, so you think of me. The Kawn family didn’t even take us seriously. I advise you to come to your senses!”
	After saying that, she turned around and left. She directly walked into the bedroom without looking back.
	In the living room, it took Ciara and Valerie a long time to react after hearing what Wanda told them.
	Ciara was a little embarrassed, but Valerie instantly got furious.
	“What nonsense are you talking about? What can we think about? You should feel lucky that Baker likes you.”
	When Valerie said this, Ciara was also getting angry.
	She looked at Valeria and said in a cold voice, “All right. We know that your family enjoy a greater reputation than us. We didn’t beg you to come over. Besides, this is my daughter. It’s up to her whether she would agree or not. Why are you yelling here?”
	“You!”
	Valerie didn’t expect Ciara to turn against her. She pointed at him and couldn’t say anything for a while.
	In the end, she swung her arms with hatred and said angrily, “Fine! I misjudge your family. I won’t let Baker get married to her. We don’t want it!”
	After saying that, she turned around and left.
	Upstairs, after Wanda heard they slammed the door and left, she finally could sigh with relief.
	In the hotel.
	Louis woke up with a headache. He was still in a hungover.
	He felt so weak.
	He opened his eyes and looked around. He tried to figure out where he was.
	When he saw the hotel logo on the wall, he became conscious instantly and sat up.
	He was alone in this room.
	Those vague memories about what happened last night flooded into his mind. He clearly remembered the girl’s resistance and pain, as well as her crying and screaming.
	He gritted his teeth and cursed, “Shit!”
	Then, he got up from the bed.
	More than ten minutes later, Louis finished washing up and walked out of the bathroom.
	When he was about to put on his clothes, he inadvertently saw a metallic object on the bed.
	He walked over and picked it up, only to see that it was a very chic leaf bracelet. He could feel his heart tightened again.
	He certainly remembered whose bracelet it was. The frightened girl last night just wore this bracelet on her wrist.
	Thinking of her, he sighed again, feeling remorseful and angry.
	He put the bracelet into his pocket, and then open the door to leave.
	When he returned to the Research Institute and finished an operation, he heard that Wanda asked for leave and didn’t come today.
	Although he felt surprised, he didn’t take it to his heart.
	After lunch, because he didn’t have a good rest last night, and also felt a headache, he asked for leave in the afternoon and went home.
	At that moment, in the Brown Mansion.
	Mrs. Brown was only in her early forties this year at her life’s full flowering.
	Today she just returned from abroad. She invited a group of rich ladies to play cards.
	While playing cards, she also distributed the gifts she had bought for them.
	They sat around in groups, talking about gossip and playing mahjong. It was so cozy.
	Mrs. Brown sat in the middle, with several noble ladies around. They saw she was in a good mood, so asked her curiously, “Why are you so happy today? Do you have something happy to share with us?”
	Mrs. Brown looked at them and hesitated for a moment. She finally shared this good news with them.
	She came over and said in a low voice, “I won’t tell this to others. I feel like I’m about to have a grandchild.”
	They were stunned and stared at her in disbelief, “So soon? But Louis doesn’t have a girlfriend now.”
	Mrs. Brown raised her eyebrow, “I can’t wait for him to find a girlfriend.”
	Those noblewomen laughed out, and someone said, “How can you talk about your own son like this? If Louis knows, he will get even with you.”
	Mrs. Brown coldly snorted, “He doesn’t dare to.”
	One of the noblewomen felt curious and asked, “How do you know you’re going to have a grandchild soon?”
	Speaking of this, Mrs. Brown was a little embarrassed. She paused for a moment and then beckoned at them, “Come here. I’ll tell you secretly.”
	That person then got closer, and Mrs. Brown whispered a few words in her ear.
	After hearing what Mrs. Brown said, that woman goggled her eyes and couldn’t believe it.
	She was stunned, and then she came back to her senses. Then she remembered something and laughed out. She shook her head.
	“Louis will get angry at you if you do this?”
	Mrs. Brown curled her lips disdainfully, “Angry? I’m not even angry. What’s he angry about? He’s twenty-seven years old this year. I told him early that no matter what kind of woman, he can bring someone to let me have a look! But he didn’t.
	This has been so many years. He never brought any woman home. If he was not my son, I would suspect something was wrong with him!”
Chapter 310 Be Responsible for Her
	When they heard this, they all laughed out.
	“Why are you in such a hurry? Now the young people are all playful. They are generally married late recently. Besides, Louis is just 27. He is still very young. It’s okay for him to get married a few years later.”
	Hearing this, Mrs. Brown couldn’t agree with her.
	“Don’t tell me this or persuade me. He must get me a grandson. If he doesn’t agree to get me a grandson, I won’t recognize him as my son tomorrow.”
	Other people all shook heads and stopped persuading her.
	Just then, they heard someone coming from outside. Then Louis came in.
	Seeing so many noblewomen in the living room, he froze for a moment, and then said, “Mom, you are finally back home.”
	Mrs. Brown answered and smiled, “Come over here and say hello to your aunts.”
	Louis reluctantly smiled and could only walk over and greeted them one by one.
	They exchanged conventional greetings, and then Louis hurriedly wanted to go upstairs even without sitting down with them for a while.
	Unexpectedly, before he reached the stairway, Mrs. Brown stopped him.
	Louis had to stop and looked back at her, “Mom, what’s wrong?”
	Mrs. Brown asked, “Where did you go last night?”
	Louis frowned and said in a low voice, “I didn’t go anywhere. I just stayed with Archie and other good friends.”
	Hearing him say this, Mrs. Brown stood up, walked over, took a closer look, and saw that there were some women’s scratches on his neck, so her eyes lit up and she reached out her hand to pull his shirt down.
	Louis was startled. He didn’t know what she was doing. Subconsciously, he clapped her hand away.
	He frowned unhappily, “Mom, what are you doing?”
	Mrs. Brown just ignored his displeasure. Although she just took a glance, she was sure what had happened last night. She covered her mouth and smiled secretly.
	Louis got gooseflesh when seeing her smile like this. He suddenly thought of something and stared at her.
	Then he became a little angry, gritted his teeth, and said, “It was you last night?”
	Mrs. Brown felt herself in the wrong when he shouted at her. But she stilled snorted at him when thinking about why she had done this.
	“Yes, it’s me. You haven’t brought any woman back in these years. Do you still know how old you are? You are 27 years old, but you are still a virgin!”
	I did this for our family’s reputation. Do you know how others describe you? They all say something is wrong with you, and our family won’t have offspring. If I kept ignoring this, they will say these in my face!”
	Hearing his mother’s words, Louis felt simply angry.
	“Mom, are you kidding me?”
	Mrs. Brown didn’t take it to heart, “Is it wrong for me to want to have my grandchildren?”
	After pausing for a moment, she glared at him, “Now that it has happened, you must bring my daughter-in-law back to me within three days. If you can’t bring her back, then you don’t come back.”
	After saying that, she walked away in anger.
	Louis stood there. He looked at her mother’s back and chuckled to himself.
	When he thought of that girl crying for mercy in a panic last night, he could feel his heart tightened slightly.
	The medicine last night was extremely potent. He was out of control. He did not want to hurt her, but he just could not control himself.
	Think of this, Louis rubbed his brow in distress, but finally did not say anything more and turned to go upstairs.
	After returning to his room, he hesitated whether to call his assistant or not. Finally, he took a picture of the bracelet and asked him to find out who the girl was last night.
	After leaving, he just lay down to rest.
	It was not until the next morning that the assistant sent him a message.
	The assistant had found that girl, but her identity was a little special.
	Surprisingly, it was Wanda!
	Louis was extremely shocked!
	It was her?
	He suddenly remembered that Wanda also took a leave of absence recently…
	Damn it!
	He couldn’t help feeling a little annoyed. He should have found it long ago. No wonder he felt the girl seemed a little familiar that night.
	Louis thought for a while. Finally, he still changed his clothes, took the car key and went out.
	It was already noon when he reached the Kawn household.
	He sat in the car and looked at the closed door opposite. After sitting for a long time, he still didn’t summon up the courage to get out of the car. He always thought of that girl who cried desperately last night.
	He still felt he was just an asshole.
	He had destroyed such a good girl. She must have hated him a lot!
	Every man had a fool in his sleeve. It was Louis’s turn this time.
	Well, not only he himself was in a dilemma, but he had also hurt this girl. Even if he wanted to take the responsibility, maybe she was not willing to.
	He never smoked before, but now it was the first time in his life that he wanted to have a cigarette to make himself calm down.
	So, he didn’t walk into the Kawn household, but got out of the car and went to the convenience store across the street to buy a pack of cigarettes.
	Just after buying the cigarettes, he came out of the convenience store and bumped into a girl.
	He was startled and subconsciously reached out his hand to help her, while saying, “I’m sorry.”
	However, when just holding the girl, he could not help but freeze.
	Wanda stood there, staring at him in disbelief.
	Louis reacted and wanted to say something. However, before he could say something, Wanda had pushed him away and ran out, and soon disappeared.
	Louis could only stand there, dumbfounded for a moment.
	He could still feel the warmth of her hand, but she had already disappeared.
	He was stunned for a moment before he could react.
	She was really scared.
	Damn it! Why didn’t he pull her back just now? She must have had a worse impression of him.
	Seeing the cigarette in his hand, he felt a little anxious and threw the cigarette into the dustbin.
	Then he had a look at the direction where she had left, only to feel that he had no way to back down.
	Before they met, he could still back out. But since they had met each other, he must go to see her.
	He had no choice but to sigh. He had to go back to the car, got the things prepared in advance, and then headed for the Kawn household.
	Wanda ran directly to her bedroom before she stopped.
	She leaned against the door and covered her chest with her hands, feeling her heart beating so rapidly.
Chapter 311 Come to Apologize
	Recalling Louis's stunned look when she met him in the convenience store, Wanda felt confused.
	What was he doing here? Why was he here? Who was he looking for? Was he here for her?
	Wanda swallowed. After a while, she plucked up the courage to walk to the windowsill and look down.
	Then, she couldn't help but open her eyes wide.
	Louis got off the car with a big bag of things and was walking to the front door of her home.
	Damn it. He was really looking for her. What should she do?
	Wanda was at a loss for what to do. She walked around and didn't know how to assume a calm posture.
	It wasn't long before she heard the doorbell ring.
	Mrs. Kawn was cooking in the kitchen and went to open the door when she heard the sound.
	She did not know Louis, so she couldn't help being surprised when she saw a handsome young man standing at the door. She asked, "Who are you looking for?"
	Louis put on a polite smile, "Hello, you're Mrs. Kawn, right? I'm Wanda's colleague. I come for her."
	It took Mrs. Kawn a while to come to senses. She nodded in a daze, "You come for her? She's upstairs."
	With that, she turned back and called, "Wanda, your colleague comes to see you."
	Then, she smiled, leaned and said, "Come in."
	Louis nodded and smiled politely to her. Then he took things into the room and put them on the table.
	After about five minutes, Wanda walked downstairs slowly.
	She wore a white dress, with her smooth long hair on her shoulders to cover the marks on her neck. She raised her eyes to glance at him but quickly lowered her head, with mixed feelings in her eyes.
	Louis did not have any feelings for Wanda before.
	However, after the night before, when he saw her, especially her eyes that were like those of a frightened fawn, his throat tightened and he got hard over it.
	Louis abused himself in his mind, "Bastard, stop it!"
	He remained a calm look, stood up and smiled to her, "Wanda."
	Mrs. Kawn made the tea in the kitchen and took it out. She had no idea what happened between Wanda and Louis. Seeing Wanda's odd expression, Mrs. Kawn asked, "What's wrong? Are you feeling well?"
	She reached out to touch Wanda's forehead, but Wanda took one step back very quickly and seemed afraid of being touched.
	Mrs. Kawn's hand was in the air, with sadness in her eyes, but she didn't complain. Then she said in a low voice, "You chat. I go to cook."
	Then she turned away and went to the kitchen.
	Louis looked at that in puzzlement. He somehow felt the atmosphere between them seemed a bit weird.
	However, he didn't raise any questions since he was an outsider.
	Louis and Wanda stood in the sitting room, somewhat awkward. They didn't know how to explain to each other.
	It was the first time that Louis had encountered such a problem, so he didn't know what to say.
	After a long time, Wanda said in a low voice, "How about going to my room?"
	Then she turned and went upstairs.
	Louis looked at her back. Thinking that their dialogue couldn't be heard by Wanda's mother, he followed up.
	He entered Wanda's room. There were pink and white colors in this room, just the way girls would want their rooms to be like.
	The room was not big. A lot of dolls and photos were put on the head of the bed and cabinet. The décor was warm, clean and comfortable.
	Louis nodded, feeling quite satisfied.
	He looked around and paused when his gaze fell on something on the windowsill. He blushed instantly.
	Wanda saw it, exclaimed and wished the floor would open up and swallow her.
	She rushed to take down her underwear, put it into a cabinet and said, "I…"
	Louis was a bit uneasy, coughed and said, "It's my fault. I suddenly came here without telling you."
	Wanda shook her head. She was unlikely to blame him for that.
	After that night, she stayed at home, wondering if he would come. How was he gonna explain that night's thing?
	She expected him to come. Meanwhile, she was afraid as she had no idea about his answer or whether he would like her.
	What should she do if he didn't like her?
	Wanda's mind was in a turmoil, so was Louis's.
	He looked at her, who stood there, lowered her head, crossed her fingers and looked nervous.
	He couldn't help but feel her lovely and innocent.
	Such a simple and lovely girl must have been very angry after such a thing happened to them.
	Even if he wanted to be responsible for her, she would be unwilling. Would she hate him so much that she wanted to kill him?
	In that case, he would not force her, though he wanted to be with her.
	He was very sorry to her last night. He would not let her feel wronged even if he was sad.
	They had something in mind, so they stood still without a word.
	Louis could not stand it anymore, so he coughed to break the silence.
	"That … night before."
	But before he had finished speaking, someone knocked at the door.
	Mrs. Kawn's voice came from the door, "Wanda, what are you doing with the door locked? Come out for lunch."
	Wanda paused and raised her head to glance at him.
	There was some embarrassment in Louis's eyes.
	Wanda saw his awkward and weird appearance. She felt not so uneasy or sad, so she pursed her lips and smiled, "Why don't we have a meal and talk about it after lunch?"
	Louis found it hard to continue so he could only nod.
	Wanda went to open the door, Mrs. Kawn saw them come out, threw a suspicious glance on them and felt somewhat strange.
	However, she did not say much as her daughter's attitude was not so good these days.
	They went to the dining room for lunch. Mr. Kawn was on a date, so he was not at home. Only them were at the table.
	They all remained silent for a while before Mrs. Kawn broke the silence, "Wanda, he is your friend. Why don't you introduce him to me?"
Chapter 312 Young and Promising
	Wanda lifted her eyes to glance at Louis. Seeing his calm look. She introduced, "This is Louis, the director of the research institute, and a senior schoolmate of mine."
	Mrs. Kawn suddenly nodded, "Mr. Louis, it really surprises me that you're so successful and so young. Can I call you just Louis?"
	Louis?
	Wanda's face changed and she was about to open her mouth, but Louis had nodded with a smile. "Sure."
	Wanda couldn't go further. She carried a plate and said in a low voice, "Let me take some soup for you."
	Then she looked down and hurried away.
	Mrs. Kawn then cast a glance at them as if implying something. She seemed to know there was something between them.
	She smiled politely, "Wanda is a nice girl. She has grown up, so she seldom tells me anything that happened to her. Louis, how old are you?"
	Louis said with a polite smile, "Twenty-seven."
	"Twenty-seven!"
	Mrs. Kawn took a deep breath and thought to herself that he must have strong backings since he became a director at such a young age.
	She looked at Louis again. He was well-dressed, handsome, and looked very excellent. He was that kind of man that women would be fond of at the first sight.
	Mrs. Kawn couldn't help but cheer up. She said with a smile, "You must have been working very hard studying treatments for all those diseases."
	Louis answered honestly, "Compared with clinicians, I don't work very hard. Medical research is to benefit people, so it's not a hardship to me."
	Hearing that, Mrs. Kawn put on a bright smile.
	"Anyway, you're young and promising."
	Louis was a little embarrassed, "You're flattering me."
	Before long, Wanda took the soup back, glanced at her mother and said in displeasure, "Mom, why do you have so many questions?"
	Mrs. Kawn paused and stared at Wanda, "Louis rarely visits us. I just want to know more about him. Why can't I have questions?" With that, she looked at Louis, "Louis, am I right?"
	Louis smiled and nodded politely, "Yes, I don't mind that. Mrs. Kawn, just ask me about whatever you want to know."
	His words made Wanda tighten her grip on the fork. She was shaken as her heart skipped a beat.
	Mrs. Kawn was pleased about that and said happily, "I am too talkative. Please don't mind."
	Louis replied politely, “Not at all. You're very gentle and kind, just like my elders. I enjoyed talking with you."
	Hearing that, Mrs. Kawn was grinning from ear to ear.
	Seeing Mrs. Kawn's happy look, Wanda got more flustered as her eyelid twitched.
	She flushed and felt Louis and her were a couple that were meeting her parent.
	Thinking about Louis's attitude and identity, she turned disillusioned.
	Mrs. Kawn didn't know what Wanda was thinking, but she was very satisfied with Louis for he was very honest. She smiled, "You're a man of integrity, unlike those boys with a glib tongue. You haven't got married, right?"
	Louis was honest, "Not yet."
	Mrs. Kawn smiled happily and kept nodding, "That's good."
	Wanda couldn't stand it, glared at her mother and shouted, "Mom, have lunch."
	Mrs. Kawn paused, saw Wanda's sullen look, and didn't go further.
	Mrs. Kawn put on an awkward smile, "Louis, try some food and see if it fits your tastes."
	Louis nodded, picked up his fork and began to take some food.
	During the meal, they seldom talked. Mrs. Kawn occasionally raised some questions and Louis would give answers.
	Soon, Louis finished and then said to them, "I'm full. Enjoy your meal."
	Mrs. Kawn was stunned and said, "Why do you have so little food? Do you think my dishes are not good?"
	Louis hurriedly shook his head, "No, the meal is very delicious, but I am not so hungry as I just had some breakfast."
	He explained earnestly and was very unlikely to tell a lie.
	Mrs. Kawn got it and nodded, "I see. It's good that you're full."
	She paused and glanced at Wanda who was absent-minded and said with a smile, "Since you're full, go to chat with Wanda. Let me clean up the table."
	Louis agreed to this proposal and looked at Wanda that sat opposite.
	Wanda pouted in dissatisfaction, "Mom, I haven't been full."
	Mrs. Kawn glared at Wanda and scolded her, "Not full? Look at yourself. You've gained weight recently. Don't have so much food. Moreover, you seem to have no appetite. Don't force yourself. Go to talk with Louis. Let me clean up the table."
	With that, Mrs. Kawn drove Wanda away.
	Wanda was lost for words.
	Was she really related to Mrs. Kawn by blood?
	When Louis saw this, he couldn't help smiling and said, "It doesn't matter. Let Wanda continue to have more food. She's not fat. I can wait for her."
	Louis was good at talking to people. Hearing that, Wanda felt her heart thumping with emotion.
	She couldn't help but lower her head, but she could feel that Louis was staring at her with passion.
	Therefore, she couldn't go on having lunch. She took a deep breath, "I am full."
	Then she got up and ran upstairs.
	Louis was stunned and confused.
	Mrs. Kawn put on an embarrassed smile, "Sorry, she is in a mood these days. Please don't mind."
	In a mood? Louis was in a daze and the expression on his face changed.
	He could not help but think of the night. She was in a mood because of what happened that night?
	It turned out that she was really angry!
	At the thought of this, he could not help smiling bitterly. He could understand why she was angry. After all, it was his fault.
	With this in mind, he forced a smile and said to Mrs. Kawn, "It doesn't matter, Mrs. Kawn. I'll go and see her."
	Mrs. Kawn nodded and waved her hand, "Go ahead."
	Louis got up and went upstairs.
	He pushed the door which was not locked. Obviously, Wanda hadn't intended to lock the door.
Chapter 313 Let Her Down
	A smiled touched his lips. He pushed the door open and walked in. Then he saw a girl in a white sweater standing at the window. He didn't know what she was thinking.
	He coughed, walked over and asked, "What's the matter with you?"
	Wanda was shocked and did not turn her head.
	She shook her head and said, "Nothing."
	Louis pondered for a while and asked, "Why are you unhappy? Is it because…?"
	He paused, hesitated for a moment, and said, "Are you still angry about last night?"
	Wanda was stunned and the expression on her face changed.
	Louis kept watching her. When he captured the slight change on her face, his heart sank.
	He explained, "I didn't mean it that night. I was drugged and couldn't control myself. Although you cannot forgive me for that, I need to explain to you."
	As soon as he finished, Wanda turned her head suddenly and looked at him with complicated stares.
	After a while, she said, "You didn't mean it that night? If you hadn't been drugged, you would never have done such a thing. You came here today to apologize?"
	Louis nodded.
	A sad and disappointed look flashed across Wanda's eyes.
	She forced a smile and said, "I get it. I forgive you."
	Louis was stunned. He didn't expect she would forgive him that easily, so he stood there at a loss.
	Before he came here, he had made lots of assumptions about her reaction. She would blame him or make a scene with him. If she did care, he would confess his guilt to his family and even get married to her.
	She did nothing but forgave him.
	That was it.
	Louis stood there without a word. He felt somewhat sulky and uncomfortable.
	Wanda felt her heart thumping wildly as if it would jump out of her chest at any time.
	Why did Louis stand still? What was he thinking? Why didn't he leave?
	She could not help asking, "I've forgiven you. Is there anything else?"
	Louis looked at her, at a loss for what to say.
	His silence made Wanda's nose twitch and her heart sink.
	He did not like her, right? What he did that night was a misunderstanding. It had passed.
	He came to apologize and begged for her forgiveness. Then, they would part with each other and have no contact. Why did he keep silent?
	Wanda's eyes reddened. Louis looked at her red eyes. His heart tightened as he felt painful and sorrowful.
	Did she blame him? She said she had forgiven him. Actually, she still hated him.
	After all, it was the first time that she'd slept with a man. She wasn't fully prepared when he lost control over himself. She must hate him.
	He sighed and swallowed his tongue back when seeing her tears.
	At last, he heaved a deep sigh and said, "I'm sorry about this. I'm really sorry. You don't have to forgive me or say something against your will."
	Wanda shook her head and smiled, but the tears in her eyes had rolled down her face.
	She hurriedly wiped her tears and said, "It's not against my will. It's over. I don't want to talk about it. You can go."
	Louis's heart tightened and he seemed to be grabbed by the throat. He was so painful that he couldn't breathe.
	Finally, he nodded and said in a low voice, "Have a good rest!"
	After a pause, he said, "If you're in need, please call me. Don't be in a hurry to get back to work. You can rest however long it takes."
	Wanda did not watch him, and said in a cold voice, "I see."
	Her coldness made Louis feel bitter for the first time. He put on a self-mocking smile, didn't go further and turned to go out.
	He went downstairs and saw Mrs. Kawn sitting in the living room. She seemed to be waiting for something.
	He walked over and said politely, "Mrs. Kawn, I have something to do, so I have to go."
	Mrs. Kawn turned her head, and looked at him in surprise, "Why are you in such a hurry? Stay here for dinner!"
	Louis shook his head, "No, I have to handle something urgent in hospital. Sorry to disturb you."
	Then he left.
	Natalia and Archie didn't know what happened to Louis.
	Joy had been in hospital and recovered after about a week.
	On the day Joy was released, Natalia went to pick up Victoria and Joy.
	It would be New Year in 20 days or so. Natalia asked Victoria to consider celebrating New Year in Eqitin or Julio.
	Although Victoria's father was unwilling to contact her, they were father and daughter anyway. It was hard to cut it off. Moreover, it was hard to tell who was right and who was wrong.
	Victoria promised to think about it. She was busy keeping fit and ready to make a comeback after New Year.
	Though she didn't have much time to prepare, she could diffuse her energy and become more open-minded if she got back to work.
	Natalia had no opinion about Victoria's decision, but there was still a contract between Victoria and Ambario Prosperities. To make Victoria give in, her father refused to cancel the contract and forbade Victoria to star in any films. If Victoria did want to make a comeback, she had to go back to Ambario Prosperities sooner or later.
	Although Joy was discharged, Victoria was still a little worried and nervous.
	Therefore, Natalia asked Louis to give Joy a complete check-up when he was free.
	It was to let Victoria feel at ease.
	She was so nervous about anything that happened to Joy.
	Natalia felt that it couldn't go on for long.
	In fact, Natalia could understand it. Victoria gave birth to Joy behind Brandon's back, which meant that she had ended it with the Kaur family. To a woman with no relatives and husband, her child was her spiritual support.
	If anything went wrong with her child, Natalia was afraid that Victoria would break down.
	Louis rushed over to Victoria's home that afternoon.
	Victoria trusted him very much since he was a reliable doctor.
	Louis gave her child a check-up and confirmed that her child was healthy. Only then did Victoria believe that her child had recovered.
Chapter 314 Meet in the Bar
	To show her gratitude, Victoria invited Louis to have dinner.
	But Louis politely refused.
	Natalia always felt that Louis had got into trouble recently.
	He was a gentle man in high spirits, but he kept frowning and looked annoyed recently.
	To show her concern, Natalia asked when she sent him out, "Mr. Brown, have you had any trouble lately? I feel something's on your mind."
	Louis was stunned and forced a smile.
	"Nothing."
	"Really?"
	"Yes." He paused for a moment and couldn't help but frown when he thought about that beautiful and pure face.
	Since he did not want to talk about it, Natalia didn't ask further, waved her hand and watched him leave after he got on the car.
	Time flashed by.
	A party for the hundredth day after Joy's birth would be held.
	Though Victoria had few friends and relatives in Eqitin, Natalia and Victoria didn't hold the party on the cheap since it was a very important day for Joy.
	They invited some good friends to the party held in Harrison Club to celebrate it.
	It was at the end of the year, so her friends took time off to join the party.
	Even Louis got time off and bought a set of toys for Joy, though he still had some data reports to deal with.
	The party was warm and grand.
	Louis had to write a research report this evening, so he left after staying for only half an hour.
	At the bar downstairs.
	Harrison Club was a high-end recreational club, with recreation items above the tenth floor and a large bar from the first to the third floor.
	Wanda heard that Blake was in the bar, so she came here to make things between them clear.
	Though Blake's mother was driven away by Wanda that day, the Bissel family still wanted to connect with the Kawn family through marriage.
	Wanda felt it hard to communicate with Blake's parents. If she didn't want to marry Blake, the Bissel family couldn't just force her. However, it could trouble her at any time.
	Therefore, if she could make it clear that she never wanted to marry him, he might understand her.
	Thinking about that, she came to see him.
	Only when she came here did she know today was Blake's birthday.
	Blake wore a very fashionable hoodie and a red hair band that made him look like a hooligan.
	He glanced at her and whistled. "Well, you said you weren't coming, didn't you? Why did you change your mind?"
	Wanda glared at him and said snappishly, "I come here to tell you. Can you let your mother stop visiting my family?"
	Blake was not angry, but smiled and said, "I can't promise you. After all, my mother has taken a fancy to you and wants you to be her daughter-in-law. What can I do?"
	Wanda snorted, looked at Blake's smug look and just wanted to beat him.
	Blake had turned around and walked in. After taking a few steps, he saw Wanda standing still, so he raised his eyebrows, "Why are you standing still? Come here!"
	Wanda gritted her teeth. Thinking about her mother's advice before she went out, she had no choice but walk over.
	When she got to her seat, she found a lot of men and women there.
	Blake's birthday would never be subdued. Wanda had heard that Blake and his friends always had a funky good time. She was lost for words when she saw it with her own eyes.
	People coming here today were all in pairs. Blake and she were standing together, so it was liable to cause misunderstanding.
	Wanda suddenly realized why Blake asked her come here, so her face turned sullen.
	Before they sat down, someone asked, "Blake, who is she?"
	Blake put on a mischievous smile, and put his arms around Wanda's shoulder, "My girlfriend, Wanda."
	Wanda frowned and threw off his hand.
	Blake sensed her rejection and squinted without saying anything.
	Then, Blake introduced people present to Wanda.
	Wanda's face was expressionless. She nodded as so many people were here.
	They just thought that Blake's girlfriend was reserved and had much fun soon.
	Blake leaned over and whispered to Wanda, "Pretend to be my girlfriend tonight. When it's done, I'll talk with you. Don't worry. You're not the only one I want to be with. Before my friends, can you not embarrass me?"
	Wanda sneered without a reply.
	Blake touched his chin, said nothing, and turned to have fun with his friends.
	Wanda did not like the way they behaved, so she sat in the corner by herself and did not participate in any game.
	After a while, Blake's friend felt something wrong. He pushed Blake's arm and whispered, "Hey, is she really your girlfriend? She's so cold and even doesn't talk to us."
	Blake turned his head and looked at her. She was sitting there with a cold and sullen look.
	His eyes turned cold. "I'll get her sooner or later," he snorted.
	The man laughed at this, but said nothing, and went to have fun.
	After moments, Blake walked to Wanda, gave her a cup of wine and said, "Since you've come here, don't put on a long face. Have a drink!"
	Wanda looked up at him, frowning, and said in a deep voice, "I don't drink."
	Hearing this, Blake laughed as if he had heard something strange.
	"You come to the bar but don't drink. Do you take it an amusement park?"
	Wanda was unshaken and said in a cold voice, "I don't come here willingly. If you cannot bear it, you can talk with me. After that, let's cut it off with each other. What do you think?"
	"You!"
	Blake was enraged. Their dialogue was heard by a middle-aged man, so he sneered.
	Blake glared at her. Wanda ignored her and sat there, on her phone.
	After a while, he felt bored and turned around angrily.
	As he returned to his place, the middle-aged man that sneered waved to Blake.
	Blake walked in and asked, "Oscar, what's the matter?"
	Oscar raised his chin and pointed to Wanda that sat in the corner, "She's unwilling to be your girlfriend?"
	Blake frowned, afraid of being laughed at, and snorted, "Of course not. Women are narrow-minded. We've quarreled. She's usually docile."
Chapter 315 Misunderstandings
	Hearing that, that man sneered, "Come on. Stop flattering yourself. I'm not a fool."
	He nailed Blake's lie. Blake looked somewhat awkward.
	Oscar asked, "Do you really like her?"
	Blake hesitated for a moment, and mumbled, "Of course I do, but she is so stubborn that she simply ignores me."
	Oscar raised his eyebrow and said, "Do you want her to be your girlfriend willingly?"
	Blake raised his head and looked at Oscar in puzzlement, "Of course."
	Oscar nodded, "In that case, there's a way."
	Happiness appears on Blake's eyebrows, "What?"
	Oscar took out a packet of white powder, put it in front of Blake and whispered, "Put that in her drink. You'll be satisfied this evening."
	Blake's face changed. He forced a smile and said, "Oscar, don't be joking. I'm serious about her. Will she ever talk to me after that?"
	Oscar sneered, "You don't understand women. If you want a woman to be completely in love with you, you need to sleep with her. So, tonight you drug her and sleep with her. She has no way to regret it later!"
	"But…" Blake still hesitated.
	Oscar said, "She'll certainly be angry with you for a few days, but you can't lose your temper. Try to please her by all means. It won't take her long to recognize the fact and accept you. It's my experience. Don't worry. I won't harm you."
	Blake was persuaded. He turned his head to look at Wanda, who sat there quietly. Her plain and pure face was like a flower on the snowfield.
	He couldn't help but imagine the expression on her face when he was above her. His blood boiled.
	He hesitated for moments, but reached out to pick up the packet of powder. He nodded, "OK, I'll listen to you!"
	Oscar's eyes glistened, and patted Blake's shoulder without a word.
	Wanda sat there for long, feeling bored.
	At that time, Blake walked over again with a glass of wine. He smiled, "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have been so rude. Can you forgive me?"
	Wanda rolled her eyes, looked at him and frowned. She was confused about what Blake wanted to do.
	"Do you have any wicked idea? Tell the truth!"
	Blake was read by her and felt somewhat embarrassed.
	"I just want to have a drink with you!"
	He paused and added, "Even if we can't be together, we can be friends. Today's my birthday. Since you're here, why can't we have fun together? You keep a long face. It really embarrasses me.”
	“I didn't care about your harsh remarks on me. Can't you forgive me once?"
	Wanda sneered, "If you're willing to talk with me, I won't sit here to enrage you."
	Blake was lost for words.
	His face turned cold. He said snappishly, "You make up your mind to embarrass me, right?"
	Wanda said coldly, "I've told you that we can't be together. You're so brazen-faced that you come to me again and again. Don't blame me for my poor attitude. Honestly, I'm trying to stay here."
	Her words made Blake's face turn colder. He said angrily, "You're in trouble now!"
	Wanda put on a mocking smile, "What do you want to do? Try to rape me? Everyone’s watching you!"
	Her attitude let Blake down. He snorted and turned away without saying anything more.
	Looking at her back, Wanda just thought that he was so annoyed that he left. That was what she wanted.
	She sat for a while and felt stuffy, so she took the bag and went out.
	She went to the restroom and took a breath, but she heard a woman's groans from the dark hallway as soon as Wanda came out of the restroom.
	She paused for a moment before she realized what the noise was.
	After that, she couldn't help but flush. She lowered her head, and wanted to leave.
	However, that woman's words stopped Wanda from leaving.
	A delicate female voice sounded, "I heard that Mr. Brown is always gentle with women. Why are you so rough tonight?"
	Wanda was stunned. Hearing the voice, she subconsciously thought about Louis's face.
	Then she shook her head. A lofty man like Louis would never do such a thing to a woman in such a place.
	Thinking of this, Wanda felt relieved and was about to leave.
	However, a man suddenly rushed out and bumped into her.
	She staggered and nearly fell. That man reached to hold her in panic, but his arm stopped in the air.
	Wanda raised her head and looked at Louis in disbelief. She didn't expect that man to be him.
	Her gaze swept from his read face to his untidy shirt and the marks on his collar. Her face turned pale instantly.
	Louis saw her and felt surprised.
	"Wanda, what are you doing here?"
	With that, he reached out to help her but Wanda had stood up and leaned away from him with a cold face.
	Louis's heart thumped and had a bad feeling.
	Just then, a woman in splendid dress ran out.
	"Louis, where are you going?
	As soon as she came out, she was keenly aware that something was wrong.
	She threw an alert glance at Wanda and looked at Louis.
	"Louis, who is she? You know each other?"
	Louis's face turned cold. Seeing that Wanda was about to leave, he hurriedly explained, "Wanda, don't misunderstand. She's nothing to me!"
	Wanda looked at him and sneered, "It's none of my business. Mr. Brown, I think you've been drinking too much."
	She called him Mr. Brown.
	Louis's face changed and subconsciously pulled her arm.
Chapter 316 Carry Her Home
	As he laid his warm and dry hands on her cold skin, Wanda couldn’t help herself thinking about the creepily sweet voice of that woman. She felt extremely disgusted and pushed him away.
	“Doctor Brown, we are in public. Please behave yourself. I’m not a hooker like her!”
	Then, she left hastily.
	Pissed off by her words, that woman shouted, “What did you say?! You called me a hooker? You stop right there!”
	Yet Wanda completely ignored her and kept walking. That woman was trying to make a scene until she saw Louise’s face. She was now too afraid to say anything more.
	She hesitated for a second and mumbled, “Mr. Brown, I didn’t mean that. I just...”
	“Enough!” he yelled furiously, “I came here only because our families have been friends for years. You told me something bad happened so I came by to check on you. Now that you look perfectly fine, I have no reason to stay here anymore. But here’s the thing, Miss Lee. Don’t try to trick me with that kind of stuff ever again. It’s never gonna work out between you and me so please stop trying. Thank you.”
	He just left and didn’t even bother to know how she would respond.
	Miss Lee stared at him, feeling humiliated.
	After a while, she snorted and stamped her feet in frustrated rage and left.
	…
	Wanda blankly returned to the booth. When Blake saw her, he immediately approached her.
	“Where were you? You were gone for so long.”
	Wanda ignored him. She grabbed the glass of wine right in front of her and took a mouthful of it.
	“Who are you to ask so many questions? I don’t need to report anything to you.”
	Blake was a little stunned and said embarrassedly, “That’s not what I meant. I’m simply concerned about your safety. Do you know how dangerous this neighborhood is? Why are you being so ungrateful?”
	She thought about what he said for a few seconds and frowned, “I’m alright.”
	She poured herself another glass of wine and drank the whole thing. The strong liquor went down her throat and was burning down her senses like a wild fire. Yet her anxiety and anger didn’t ease up. Instead, they grew even more fierce.
	Seeing that, Blake sneered and said, “I thought you said no alcohol. Why are you drinking now?”
	Wanda glared at him and grunted, “Mind your own fucking business. What? You worry about the money?”
	She instantly pulled out two hundred dollars from her purse and pressed them to his hands.
	“I can pay my own bill. Is it enough?”
	Blake took a look at the money and cracked a dry smile.
	“What the hell are you talking about? I’m the one that’s taking you out tonight. Why would I worry about the money?”
	He put the money back into her purse.
	“It’s no fun drinking alone. I’ll drink with you!”
	Then, he took an empty wine glass and came to her.
	Now Wanda was in a bad mood. Even though she never liked Blake, she didn’t want to say no at this point. So she had a glass of wine with him.
	But what she didn’t notice is that Blake had already put some white powder into her drink before he passed it to her.
	Wanda clinked her glass against his and drank. Blake took a small sip while his eyes were fixed on her.
	When he saw she had drunk every drop of the wine, he was finally satisfied.
	After that, Blake urged her to drink a lot more with him.
	Though Wanda wasn’t good at drinking, she was frustrated and just went with it. And they were only having some light beer so she didn’t worry about getting drunk.
	But after a few rounds, she felt something was wrong. She didn’t know why the beer seemed to be extra strong tonight. She normally could handle a couple of bottles but now she was a little dizzy after merely several glasses. Her head was spinning like crazy.
	She thought to herself, “Did I got drunk so easily because I just want to be drunk?”
	She was upset at the beginning and that was part of the why she got drunk so soon.
	She felt like she was about to lose her senses so she became more cautious and wanted to leave right now.
	She grabbed her purse and staggered to her feet, “It’s pretty late now. I’m going home.”
	After saying that, she stumbled to get out.
	Blake would never waste this chance. He stepped up to support her with his hands, “Why the hurry to go home? You said you wanted to talk. Then, let’s talk now.”
	Wanda frowned agitatedly, “There are too many people. Just have a rain check. I’ll call you when I’m available.”
	“What rain check? Why not have this talk right now? I can carry you home so we can talk in the car.”
	Wanda got mad and automatically wanted to reject him. But when she tried to push him away, she felt that she could hardly lift a finger.
	Other people didn’t notice anything wrong so she was forced to go outside with him.
	When they got to the underground parking lot, the freezing wind coming through the aisle blew her face, which made her conscious all of a sudden.
	She found out she was being pushed into Blake’s car. She was fully alarmed and tried to hold the car door.
	“I don’t want you to send me home. I can call a cab myself.”
	But right now, Blake was so close to success, he would never let her go so easily.
	He stopped her and smiled viciously, “It’s too dangerous for a hot girl like you to go home on her own. I’ll carry you home.”
	Wanda shook her head and said, “No, I don’t need your help.”
	She tried to shove him aside, but suddenly, he threw his arms around her body and shouted, “You’re not going anywhere! You’re with me now! Trust me, I’ll treat you so well that I’ll make you feel better than ever. You try it once with me and you’ll never wanna leave me.
	What he said made Wanda want to throw up. Right now, he had shown his true colors and she finally knew what he was trying so hard to do tonight.
	She pushed him away with all her strength and yelled, “Piss off!”
	She attempted to run but the drug kicked in. She had no way out.
	Blake reached out his hands and pulled her back so violently that she struck her head against the car door. Wanda cried painfully and covered her head.
	The next thing she knew, Blake pinched her face and snarled, “Don’t do anything stupid, you fucking whore! Don’t make me! This shit is the real stuff. If you still tryna play hard to get, the drug will take care of you and make you beg me not to stop!”
	Hearing that, Wanda started to tremble with great fear.
Chapter 317 How Dare You
	“Stop! Blake, do you have idea what you’re doing?! This is literally sexual harassment!”
	“Yes! And now I’m going to rape you! Just sue me! And everyone will think you’re nothing but a fucking slut and no one will ever want to marry you!”
	“You! You son of a bitch!”
	Wanda was outraged and tried to slap him.
	But her wrist was caught and held tight above her head.
	Blake pressed her against the car door and try to put his gross lips on hers.
	Wanda was disgusted and struggled so hard. She used all her strength and slapped him in his face.
	Immediately, Blake was in a violent rage and slapped her twice. Her face became swollen at once.
	Wanda’s head was buzzing and she couldn’t see or hear anything clearly. She just heard Blake grinding his teeth angrily.
	“Bitch! You’re gonna regret that!”
	Then he torn up her clothes into pieces.
	Wanda was overwhelmed by great fear and crying from the top of her lungs. Her tears kept running down her cheeks.
	“Let go! Bastard! Don’t touch me!”
	There was nothing she could do. It was all in vain. That beast had already gone crazy and nothing could stop him from hurting her. He pressed her hands and his legs were over hers. She couldn’t resist or even make a move.
	At this very moment, she heard a bang.
	Blake moaned painful and then his whole body got tossed away.
	Wanda froze. Before she knew it, she was held in a warm embrace.
	She was trembling. Looking up, she saw who this was.
	She could feel the coldness and wrath in Louis’s eyes. Looking down upon that man who was struggling to get up, Louis grunted, “How dare you lay your filthy fingers on her.”
	He went up and kicked Blake far away.
	Blake’s body was tossed to the wall like a broken toy and then rolled away for some distance. He just lied there and began to vomit blood. He tried hard to get back on his feet, yet he failed.
	Louis was still mad and went forward to hit him again.
	But Wanda couldn’t stand straight and she nearly fell to the ground.
	Louis was stunned and held her up. Her face was flushing and sweating, and she kept frowning. He was astonished but he vaguely knew what happened to her. He turned around and glared at Blake even more grimly.
	He pulled out his phone and dialed up, “Officer, there’s an emergency. A man attempted to rape a girl in Harrison Club. Please send some officers here as soon as possible.”
	Less than 5 minutes after he hung up, a police car pulled up alongside them.
	Those officers were shocked to see Louis. One of them ran up to him and asked, “Mr. Brown, what happened?”
	He pointed at the man lying and weeping in the corner and snapped, “That man drugged this girl and tried to assault her. Search him. The drug must still be on him.”
	The officer instantly ordered his subordinates to do what he said.
	As expected, the white powder that Oscar gave Blake was half empty and still in his pocket.
	Louis said coldly, “As you can see, he was busted. You know what to do next, don’t you?”
	That officer answered seriously, “Yes, we know. This will never happen again. We’re terribly sorry, Mr. Brown.”
	Louis didn’t say anything more. He just held Wanda closely and left.
	Before the police arrived, he had already covered her with his coat. So, everybody only knew it was a woman and nothing else.
	Right now, he looked extremely angry and no one dare to stop him from leaving. They just stood there and saw them get in the car and drive away.
	It was freezing cold in winter in Eqitin. It was already midnight. The car was speeding on the quiet road. When he saw her terrified face and trembling body, Louis felt his heart was burning with anxiety.
	He said in a deep voice, “Wanda, hang in there. We’re pretty close to the hospital. Everything’s going to be alright.”
	His voice was so deep and calming like a drug and her heart was pounding so loud that she could hear it.
	Blake’s drug was too strong and it had already taken over her mind. Finally, Wanda couldn’t take it anymore. She moaned and leaned her whole body on him closely.
	Her warm body was against his arm. Louis’s throat suddenly turned very dry.
	He didn’t know what to do. He tried to comfort her by saying, “Wanda, if you’re not feeling well, you can just bite me. That might help.”
	Wanda was dizzy and had no idea what he was talking about.
	She only knew it was Louis and finally let down her guard.
	She felt like her body was overheated and she held him closer, “Louis.”
	Her soft voice made him tenser.
	He took a deep breath and looked straight at the road. He didn’t have the guts to even glance at her for a second. He thought to himself, “Don’t make the same mistake! I’ve let her down once before. What’s the difference between that rapist and I if I do that to her again tonight?”
	Thinking that, he sped up the car.
	But right now, he felt something warm on his neck.
	Wanda put her arms around his neck and looked at him giggling, “It’s you, Louis. I thought I was dreaming.”
	She hugged him and start grinding all over his chest.
	Louis didn’t know what to do. He said huskily, “No, Wanda. I’m driving.”
	It was like she couldn’t hear anything from him. She just murmured, “It’s hot in here. Your skin is so cool and comforting. Please, can I touch you?”
	And then, she sneaked her hands under his shirt.
	The car immediately pulled over.
	Louis grabbed her hands and his face turned really red. He stammered, “Wanda, st-stop...”
Chapter 318 Taking Advantage of Her
	Before he even finished his sentence, Wanda suddenly approached and kissed him.
	Louis’s eyes were wide open. He was completely shocked.
	He could tell how bad she was at kissing. She was a little clumsy but determined.
	Her eyelashes were trembling and her tongue was going deep into his mouth. It felt like she had been thirsty for days and wanted to get hydrated just by kissing him.
	Louis’s whole body was tense and his mind went blank.
	Wanda didn’t have much experience and didn’t know exactly what to do. She kept moaning and begging, “Please, give it to me...”
	Louis was astonished and finally calmed down. He gently pushed her away and said hastily, “No, Wanda. We can’t do this. Just hold on. I’ll bring you to the hospital and there’s some medicine that can help you deal with this. We’ll be there in a few minutes.”
	Wanda shook her head and was about to cry, “No, no, I don’t wanna go to the hospital...”
	She began weeping quietly. She felt extremely relentless and uncomfortable and Louis seemed to be the only cure for her. She was about to go crazy...
	She kissed him on the lips again and cried, “Help me get through this, please...”
	She just threw herself at him and leaned on his body, begging for comfort.
	Louis couldn’t take it anymore. For him, it was harder than a big operation.
	He pulled her away, gasping, “Wanda, do you know who I am?”
	Wanda didn’t say anything. She was clearly unconscious and didn’t know who he is. Just like what Blake said, this drug was stronger than they expected.
	Louis was instantly sober. He sighed and became silent. Just before Wanda wanted to kiss him again, he hit her on the back of her neck to knock her out.
	She hummed a little and fainted.
	Louis had been sweating and he knew he was so close to giving in. He was glad that he was conscious enough not to make the same mistake.
	If she knew what she was doing, he would absolutely say yes.
	But now she was drugged...
	Even if she agreed to get intimate with him, it was all because of the drug. He did the right thing not to take advantage of her.
	Louis was relieved. He stared at her face and found that she was sweating too. Her face flushed and she was breathing quickly.
	Her collar was wide open, which exposed her bosom. The redness on her neck made her look even more alluring. He drastically turned away and didn’t dare to have another look.
	Then, he closed his eyes and covered her body with his coat. He held her back on her seat. fastened her seat belt and kept on driving.
	The next morning, Wanda woke up in bright sunlight.
	She could hear the beautiful tinkle of wind chimes.
	She slowly opened her eyes and vaguely saw a tall figure moving in front of her.
	Memories of last night flooded into her mind and she was both shocked and sober immediately. She got up and sat on the bed.
	Louis had poured a glass of water and put some medicine she needed to take on the table. When he turned around, he found out that Wanda was fully awake. She was sitting on the bed and looking pale, staring at him puzzledly.
	He was stunned a little, thinking she might have a nightmare. He went up to take her temperature. After making sure that her fever had gone, he asked, “What’s wrong?”
	Wanda suddenly realized something and looked around.
	Her clothes were torn apart but was covered up with a man’s T-shirt and she could tell whose it was.
	Her face got kind of red. Louis noticed that and was a bit uneasy, “Well, yesterday you seemed uncomfortable so I put some clothes on you, hope you don’t mind.”
	“It’s ok,” Wanda shook her head and said, “thank you. And last night...”
	Speaking of last night, Louis became agitated, “Don’t worry. That bastard is under the control of the police now. I promise he won’t get away with it.”
	Wanda paused. Most of her memories last night were about the time she was in the bar. After that, everything was like a blur, but she still could tell what happened.
	Her face went pale and asked, “Then, did he...”
	Louis knew what she meant and comforted her, “I was there right on time. He didn’t.”
	Hearing that, Wanda was finally relieved.
	Louis took the medicine and water and passed them to her, “Take the pills first! Then, have some breakfast and I’ll drive you home.”
	Wanda nodded and did what he said.
	Louis just stood there watching her take the pills. After that, Wanda felt some pain on her neck. She moved her neck and frowned, “Did I sleep funny last night? My neck is kind of stiff.”
	Louis felt a little guilty. His ears turned red and he looked away.
	“Maybe,” he pointed at the clothes on the bed and said, “Here are some clothes that you can change. I’ll wait in the dining room.”
	Wanda nodded as Louis walked out.
	The door was closed gently. Wanda turned around and saw a pile of tidy clothes including a pink cashmere sweater, a pair of pencil pants and a camel cashmere coat.
	She picked them up to take a look and a tiny thing fell out of the coat.
	Her face flushed instantly.
	She grabbed the pink underwear and didn’t know what to do.
	How did Louis come up with the idea of buying her underwear?
	She felt butterflies in her stomach.
	Eventually, she calmed down and couldn’t stop smiling.
	She got up and headed to the bathroom to wash up. Then she quickly changed her clothes and they really fitted.
	Standing in front of the mirror, she was impressed by Louis’s taste. The whole look was neat and fitted her really well.
	She felt much better and at ease now. Having checked her clothes to make sure nothing went wrong, she got out of the bedroom.
Chapter 319 The Proposal
	Right now, Louis was at the table feeling anxious.
	He wondered if thing might go better between them after what happened last night.
	And he didn’t know whether she liked the clothes he bought her yesterday or not. Even though he knew what size she was, he was afraid she might not like the style he chose.
	Then, he heard her footsteps. He looked up and saw Wanda walking down the stairs.
	He was amazed at her looks. The pink sweater suited her just well and made her soft skin and pretty eyes pop.
	And the black pencil pants showed the beautiful curves of her legs, which made her look delicate and lovely.
	Louis was completely stunned.
	Seeing him staring at her silently, she asked insecurely, “What? Is there something wrong with my outfit?”
	Louis finally came to his senses. He answered embarrassedly, “No. You look nice, really nice.”
	Wanda was a bit shy to see him like that. She felt something unbelievable growing in her heart.
	Louis looked away and said, “Come and eat, Wanda.”
	Wanda nodded and went over.
	It was a simple breakfast. There were some slices of sandwiches, two bowls of fruits and two glasses of milk on the table. It seemed like Louis lived a quite simple and healthy life.
	Louis noticed that the breakfast might be too plain, so he said hastily, “I normally don’t stay in this villa, so there’s no housekeeper. I made these by myself and it’s a little too simple. I hope it’s ok.”
	Wanda smiled, “Of course it’s ok. I like simple breakfast.”
	Louis was finally relieved and nodded.
	They were quite silent at the table. After a while, he began a conversation, “About that jerk, how do you wanna deal with him?”
	Wanda froze. She lowered her head and took a bite of the sandwich.
	“Let him go.”
	“Let him go?”
	Louis was astonished.
	Wanda sighed and said, “He comes from the Bissel family. They want a marriage between their family and ours. I don’t wanna get into this. Normally, the Kawn family didn’t give a crap about my parents and I. I don’t know why they chose me. But I won’t compromise. As for Blake...he has already been arrested. It’s their problem now. If the Bissel family want to bail him out, then it’s no use for me to hold on to that.”
	Louis looked gloomy and didn’t say anything more. He just nodded and reply, “Ok then.”
	After breakfast, Louis drove her home.
	On the way, they didn’t communicate. Wanda sensed that something was strange with Louis. He was either frowning or clenching his fists. He seemed to hold something back.
	Wanda was curious and asked, “Louis, is there something you wanna say to me?”
	Though he was kind of awkward, he nodded and took a deep breath, “Don’t worry about last night, that jerk can never lay a finger on you ever again.”
	Wanda laughed, “I know. After this, there’s no chance I’m going to marry him. The Kawn family won’t force me to get married with him and the Bissel family will have other plans for him. He won’t dare to come near me again.”
	Louis nodded and added, “And don’t go clubbing with that kind of guy. It’s too dangerous for a young girl.”
	He couldn’t imagine what would happen to her if he didn’t happen to be in the parking lot.
	Hearing that, Wanda lowered her head silently.
	After a few seconds, she smiled, “I know. It won’t happen again. Thank you.”
	Louis was stunned and then laugh shyly, “You’re welcome and you don’t need to thank me.”
	His words were magically comforting.
	It was like he cast a love spell on her and her heart was racing ridiculously fast.
	“Actually, I wanted to tell you something days ago but I was afraid that you didn’t want to hear anything coming from me. So, I’ve been waiting for you not to be so mad at me anymore.”
	Wanda felt her heart was about to explode. She forced a smile and replied, “What was that? You can tell me now.”
	Louis took a sharp breath. It looked like he had made up his mind and he said, “Wanda, what happened that night was all my fault. The reason why I came to you last time was not simply because I wanna apologize but also I wanna...”
	Wanda’s heart was pounding loud and she asked, “You want what?”
	“I was going to say that, if you don’t mind, you may try accepting me and letting me take the responsibility. Please trust me that I will treat you well and never let anyone hurt you again. If you don’t want to, then things like that night will never happen again. What do you think?”
	After saying that, he was greatly relieved.
	But Wanda was startled. She looked at him as if he said something unbelievable.
	He seemed quite serious.
	After a while, she asked, “Responsibility? What do you mean by that?”
	“Will you marry me? Say yes and I’ll immediately tell my parents. And I’ll pick a date and ask your parents’ permission.”
	Wanda was so shocked that she couldn’t utter a single word.
	Getting married?
	Gee, she had never thought about this.
	She did love him secretly and blame him for what happened that night. But then she gradually learned to accept the fact. But she had never thought about getting married at such an early age.
	Wanda bowed her head and hesitated.
	“Are you trying to be responsible for what happened between you and me?”
	Hearing that, Louis automatically responded, “Yes, I can’t let you deal with this all by yourself.”
	Wanda was stunned and her smile faded away.
	So, this was what it was all about.
	She thought...
Chapter 320 A Big Surprise
	She began to feel kind of sarcastic. She faked a smile and said, “Thank you for being so considerate. But is this gonna work out for the both of us?”
	What she said got him thinking. He panicked a little but calmed down pretty soon.
	“I know I’m not a fun person and I can be really boring sometimes. If you don’t like that...”
	“No, that’s not what I’m talking about.”
	“What?”
	He was surprised. Then he thought of something else and smiled gently, “If it’s not about my personality, then you have nothing to worry about. My parents always respect my choice and will love whoever I love. I don’t know if your parents will accept me or not. After all, comparing with the Bissel family, my family...”
	Wanda grinned, “If I insist, my parents won’t reject you.”
	Hearing what she said, he was in raptures, “Does this mean you want to marry me?”
	Wanda’s face was flushed and she couldn’t help smiling.
	Seeing him giggle like a little kid, she was overwhelmed with sweetness and joy.
	“I haven’t said yes yet. I still need some time to consider.”
	Louis nodded, “Of course. Marriage is a huge deal. It’s normal to be cautious about it. Take your time and let me know when you have the answer. I’ll always be here waiting for you.”
	His sincerity almost made her want to marry him right away.
	But she was rational enough to just nod and say nothing else.
	A few minutes later, they arrived at Wanda’s home. Louis got off the car and gently open the door for Wanda.
	“Bye, Louis.”
	Louis nodded. She turned around and walked inside.
	After few steps, Louis called out her name.
	Wanda was puzzled as she turned to him.
	In the sunlight, the man stood there, smiling at her like Prince Charming. He paused a little and said, “Take a good nap. Don’t overthink about anything else.”
	Wanda thought for a while and understood what he meant.
	Her mouth curved and she nodded. After this short conversation, she went into the house.
	When she was sure that Louis couldn’t see her, she burst into laughter. She had never been this happy before.
	Though she didn’t exactly agree to marry him, but getting married with the man she loved was like a dream come true.
	To her, Louis saying that he wanted to take responsibility was only because he was a reliable man who wanted to be responsible for what happened.
	So what? If he was willing to say that, at least he didn’t hate her. Maybe he even liked her a little bit.
	She could feel it. Otherwise, why would he buy her clothes and even underwear?
	Wanda’s face turned red instantly. After all, she was secretly in love with him for so many years. Even if he hadn’t truly fallen in love with her yet, a promise like that was good enough.
	She had just enough time to make him love her the same.
	Wanda couldn’t hold back her feelings anymore. She was so thrilled that she wanted to dance.
	However, at this very moment, a cold voice startled her.
	“Wanda! You stop right there!”
	Wanda froze. She turned around and saw her mother standing there angrily.
	She stopped smiling and asked, “What? Why?”
	Ciara came up frowning, “What the hell happened between you and Blake? This morning I heard he got arrested. I thought you were together last night. I asked around and people told me that he drugged and attempted to rape some girl? How is that even possible? Tell me what exactly was going on!”
	After hearing what she said, Wanda laughed sarcastically, “Mom, it is true. Because I’m the one who almost got raped by him!”
	Wanda told her everything happened last night.
	Ciara was so outrageous that she wanted to grab a knife to the Bissel family and beat him up.
	Wanda said coldly, “Now you’re angry? Well, I don’t think you will stay this mad when the Kawns call. You might even bring some gifts to see him so that the relationship won’t be ruined.”
	Ciara was stunned at her words.
	She was embarrassed and just smiled, “Sorry, Wanda. I let you down. But you need to be considerate about our situation. It’s like living in the wall in Eqitin. It’s never been easy...”
	Before she even finished her sentence, Wanda chipped in.
	“You don’t need to tell me. I know. And that’s why I never count on you.”
	She got up and walked towards her room.
	Ciara tried to say something more. But eventually she gave up.
	...
	Pretty soon, Natalia, Archie and everyone else knew that Louis and Wanda were together.
	This news was like a bomb and everybody was caught off guard.
	People didn’t expect that these two introverts would fall in love.
	Since Louis was Natalia and Archie’s friend, even though she was from the Kawn family, she was one of them now.
	Natalia bantered: “This is a big surprise! Doctor Brown, when is the wedding?”
	Louis smiled and was glowing with happiness. He looked like a whole different person than before.
	“Pretty soon. I already proposed to Wanda. Now we only need to pick a date. If things go well, we’ll have our wedding next year.”
	Natalia was speechless. She was just chipping in and didn’t mean to really ask such a personal question.
	She didn’t know Louis would be so frank and would answer any questions.
	At this point, she really didn’t know what to say, but she did feel happy for him from the bottom of her heart.
	She applauded and laughed, “Congratulations!”
	Wanda’s parents were a little upset when they heard their daughter and Louis were together.
	Although the Brown family could be seen as a prestigious family, but most people in their family were doctors instead of politicians or businessmen. They might be better off than normal families, but they were not the best choice for the Kawn family.
	But they could only give their permission since Wanda loved him so much.
Chapter 321 The Lost Child
	Besides their marriage, Natalia heard of something odd before new year.
	The lost child of the Kawn family was suddenly found.
	This news got out two days ago, which was the reason why they didn’t have time to prepare the wedding.
	To be honest, it was not so surprising that they found her after years of searching.
	But the thing was, the woman they found was someone she knew.
	Nancy laughed angrily after reading the information Nancy gave her in front of the computer.
	Jessica was such a pain in the ass.
	The missing girl of the Kawn family?
	How could that be her!?
	She knew Jessica better than anyone.
	She was not the girl gone missing but the bastard of Aleena and Philip.
	When Aleena came to the Dawson family, she did a DNA test to prove Jessica was Philip’s biological daughter in front of everyone. It couldn’t be fake.
	So, why would the Kawn family make such a mistake?
	Natalia was puzzled.
	Most members of the Kawn family were astute and calculative. And Jessica couldn’t pull this trick all by herself.
	What was going on?
	Natalia was doubtful and decided to find the answer herself.
	Therefore, she went to the company for Archie during the lunch break.
	At that time, Archie had just ended a meeting. His eyes brightened up at her presence.
	“What’s wrong?”
	Natalia told him what she heard about Jessica.
	Archie had already known the news but he wasn’t concerned about the Kawn family. Until now, he didn’t realize it was Jessica.
	He frowned while Natalia said, “Jessica couldn't be Miss Kawn’s child. I’m 100% sure that she’s Aleena’s. What I don’t understand is why the Kawn family pretend that they don’t know that and claim Jessica as their child when they can easily figure it out.”
	Archie thought for a few seconds and looked her in the eyes, “You really wanna know?”
	Natalia nodded.
	“Then you’ll know tonight.”
	“…”
	Archie didn’t explain too much to her.
	Then, Brian walked in and reminded him that the guests for the meeting at noon had arrived. Natalia didn’t want to bother him so she left.
	In the evening, she finally knew what he meant.
	Natalia was a little uneasy on the way.
	“Won’t it be weird if we show up out of blue?”
	Archie smiled and said, “Although there has been tension among the four families, we are not actually at war. Uncle Wilson is pretty close to our family so it’s normal that we go to the Kawn family to congratulate them. Also, everyone knows the relationship between you and Jessica. It will be weird if you act like you don’t know or care about anything.”
	Natalia felt uncomfortably awkward.
	“Now it sounds like we are going there not out of curiosity but for revenge.”
	Archie raised his eyebrows.
	“If you say so.”
	Natalia was stunned.
	Archie explained, “Your sister is not an easy target. Her parents were dead because of you and you put her precious grandmother in jail. She was born with a silver spoon in her mouth and now she’s nothing but a loser. You must be the one she hates most.
	“But it’s been so long since the last time she made a move. I don’t think she would get past all these dramas. She’s onto something and wants to knock you down with one shot. She is an unpredictable risk for you. Now that she shows up, we should go and see what game she playing.”
	Natalia finally saw the problem.
	She had to admit that if it weren’t for him, she wouldn’t think this far.
	Though she hated Jessica, she didn’t really want her to die.
	Because Jessica attempted to do bad things to her but she didn’t succeed either way.
	The worst thing she had done was stealing Shawn from her.
	But based on the facts, this was actually kind of good for Natalia.
	Otherwise, she would still be cheated by that bastard.
	Natalia was not a saint but she could never be too cruel.
	After what happened to the Dawson family, everyone thought Jessica was a vicious liar.
	Her career was ruined and she got divorced.
	Her life was already a hot mess.
	That was why she didn’t want to do anything else to her. As long as she behaved herself, Natalia wouldn’t care more about her.
	But now she heard what Archie said, she was finally alarmed.
	Natalia thought for a while and frowned.
	“I’m not so sure anymore. Is there a chance that Jessica is actually Yvonne’s child and the DNA test result that Aleena gave was fake?”
	Archie chuckled and pinched her nose, “No. Philip might be dumb but your grandmother isn’t. She could tell if that was a lie.”
	Natalia nodded in relief.
	They soon arrived at the Kawn Mansion.
	When they got off the car, they were surprised to see a green Land Rover. Natalia recognized that car. It belonged to Ein Bissel.
	Ein was 45 years old. He has a powerful military and political background.
	And he was no longer content with their family’s social status and wanted to be better than the other three families.
	Natalia and Archie looked at each other and walked into the house.
	“Congratulation, Mr. Kawn! It’s been more than 20 years! You finally found your granddaughter!”
Chapter 322 An Honest Mistake
	The second they stepped in the room, they heard Ein’s loud voice.
	The living room was crowded with people who came to congratulate them. Every member of the Kawn family was present.
	In Eqitin, any sign of gossip would quickly spread away.
	Natalia and Archie were a little late. The Bissel family and the Nixon family were already there when they arrived.
	Looking depressed, Max seemed to be forced to stay there by his father.
	And when he saw Natalia and Archie, his eyes suddenly brightened up.
	“Guys! You’re here!”
	Archie and Natalia went forward with their hands held tight.
	The butler of the Kawn family was an old man named Greg. He was busy greeting people in the living room and didn’t realize that the young couple had come.
	He came to greet them in surprise, “Welcome! I’m honored to have you here, Mr. and Mrs. McCarthy!”
	Archie smiled and introduced him to Natalia, “This is Mr. Greg. He was like an uncle to me. The Kawn family and our family have been friends for many years. I used to come here very often when I was young.”
	A woman chipped in, “Yeah, I remembered Mr. McCarthy and Miss Selena Kawn had an engagement when they were little. If things had gone well for them, they could have been a lovely couple…”
	Before she even finished her speech, the whole room went weirdly quiet.
	That woman was a middle-aged woman from a wealthy family.
	When she noticed that everyone stopped chatting, she was stunned. She realized something and immediately covered her mouth.
	Her husband besides her glared at her and hastily apologized.
	“I’m so sorry for that, Mr. and Mrs. McCarthy, it’s just a slip of the tongue. She didn’t mean that.”
	Natalia smiled, “It’s ok, Mr. Perry. Mrs. Perry was just telling the truth. Archie and I are already married. Of course I wouldn’t mind this kind of things.”
	Mr. Perry was finally relieved and he began to flatter her politely.
	Wilhelm Kawn was in his late eighties now. He hadn’t been feeling well because he had lots of injuries fighting at war when he was young.
	Right now, he was sitting on the couch, looking at this young couple.
	“Archie and his wife are here? Come!”
	The couple quickly went forward.
	Mr. Kawn looked much older than Archie’s grandparents though they were at the same age.
	He had a good look of the two minors and smiled.
	“You two look like a happy couple. Archie, I haven’t seen you for a long time. How are you doing lately?”
	Archie answered, “All is well, Mr. Kawn. Thank you for asking.”
	Wilhelm patted on Archie’s shoulder and sighed, “Your grandparents came by a few days ago. Your grandpa and I had a fight and now he’s not talking to me these days. Tell him not to be so grumpy!”
	Archie chuckled, “I promise I’ll tell him.”
	When they were young, William and Wilhelm were best buddies.
	Both of them were a little childish, which was why they were fighting even though they were in their eighties.
	Wilson was sitting next to Wilhelm. He smiled and said, “Archie, why don’t you and Natalia stay here for dinner? Everyone is here tonight.”
	Archie nodded, “We would love that.”
	As they were chatting, a woman laughed in surprise from behind.
	“Wow, everybody’s here! Archie! Natalia! Hi!”
	Archie greeted her back, “Lovely to see you, Aunt Tracy.”
	That was Wilson’s wife, Tracy Kawn.
	Tracy was raised in a literary family. Her parents were both famous artists. People would assume that their daughter would be meek and quiet, but she turned out to be pretty outgoing and passionate.
	Natalia didn’t know her well but she had definitely heard of her before.
	Although she had a fiery temper, she was actually a very nice person. And she was also very close to Archie’s grandma.
	She asked, “Why are you guys still standing there? Come and sit! Dinner will be ready very soon. Let’s have a lovely evening tonight!”
	“Where’s Jessica? She hasn’t come down here.” asked Matthew.
	Tracy smiled, “She had been greeting people all afternoon. She must be exhausted. I’ll let her know when dinner is ready.”
	Matthew nodded.
	After a few minutes, it was time for dinner.
	Jessica finally appeared. Natalia hadn’t seen her for a long time. Jessica was wearing a white sweater and a cashmere skirt. Her brown hair was nicely curled. She looked cute and delicate, nothing like what she used to be several months ago.
	With the maid’s help, she slowly went down the stairs and greeted everyone.
	“Pardon me for being so late. I was sort of tired and I overslept. I’m sorry.”
	People started to exchange pleasantries with her. Jessica was smiling the whole time and eventually she fixed her eyes on Natalia.
	Natalia stared back at her calmly.
	Jessica paused and then walked towards her elegantly.
	“Fancy seeing you here, Lia.”
	Natalia raised her eyebrows.
	This was different from what she expected.
	She thought Jessica wouldn’t dare to see her again. But she was wrong.
	If Jessica looked so comfortable with it, then Natalia had nothing to fear.
	She smiled back at her and said, “Long time no see, my dear sister. Looks like you’re doing fine these days.”
	Jessica was grinning and looked quite genuine.
	“Yeah. Not as good as I used to be, but good enough. I didn’t treat you well before. But what’s past is past. Hope you could move on and have a wonderful life.”
	Natalia laughed, “Of course. It’s not what it used to be anymore. You used to be my father’s bastard and now you’ve become the lost child of the Kawn family who’s finally found. I surely wouldn’t hold on to the past.”
	The living room was deadly silent.
Chapter 323 Put Her on The Spot
	Since both Natalia and Jessica were celebrities, the Dawson family scandal got viral on the Internet, which was why a lot of people present knew about what happened between those two girls.
	When the Kawn family announced that the child was Jessica, people were shocked from the beginning.
	They didn’t know how to ask their questions because it seemed too personal.
	At this moment, everyone looked at each other puzzledly and were extremely curious.
	Mr. Kawn didn’t know how Internet worked and didn’t like hanging out with the minors. So he had no idea what was going on on the Internet.
	Hearing what she said, he asked, “Natalia, you know Jessica before?”
	Natalia turned around and smiled at him, “We were much more than that.”
	Wilhelm was even more confused.
	But it was a little inappropriate to say too much on such an occasion. Wilson frowned and winked at Tracy.
	Tracy came forward, trying to ease the tension, “Time for dinner! How about going to the dining room first? Dad, I cooked your favorite dish today.”
	Wilhelm snorted, “Today’s a big day! Jessica is back and so many guests are here. Don’t pay all the attention to me.”
	Tracy quickly answered, “Yeah, but you’re the lucky star of our family, of course we cared about you most.”
	Then she told Wilson and Matthew to help Wilhelm sit on his wheelchair.
	Wilhelm had been in a wheelchair for two years because of his poor health.
	He rolled his eyes and said, “Stop flattering me. I’m nothing but an old sack of bones. You don’t need to care about me that much.”
	Tracy laughed, “What are you talking about?! Honestly, I think even the fresh meat on TV can’t compare with you.”
	Wilhelm asked curiously, “Fresh meat? Why are you comparing me with meat? Of course I’m better than meat!”
	Tracy guffawed, “Dad, you’re so out of date.”
	Someone next to them explained, “Mr. Kawn, fresh meat doesn’t actually mean meat. It refers to those young pretty boys nowadays.”
	Wilhelm finally understood what she meant and burst out laughing.
	The topic was quietly changed and Wilson asked everyone to enter the dining room.
	Though some people were still curious, they were too awkward to say anything else and follow his guidance.
	The dinner was going well.
	Everybody was onto something but they all shut up in front of Wilhelm.
	After dinner, Jessica wanted to have a walk with Wilhelm in the backyard garden, but he refused.
	Mr. Kawn patted her hands and said gently, “There are a lot of kids at your age. You should spend more time with them! Have fun!”
	Jessica looked worried, “But you...”
	“I’m fine by myself. I’ll just ask Greg to accompany me.”
	He smiled and waved at Greg.
	Jessica gave in and said politely, “Thank you, Mr. Greg. Grandpa, I’ll come for you later.”
	Mr. Kawn giggled, “Great. Take your time. I’ll went to bed after the walk.”
	Jessica nodded and left.
	From distance, Natalia was standing there and looking at this.
	Archie came from her behind and glanced at Jessica over there.
	“What are you thinking?”
	Natalia said worriedly, “I was wondering, who came up with this idea? Why would they want Jessica to pretend to be Yvonne’s daughter?”
	“Of course it’s Uncle Wilson.”
	Natalia shook her head.
	“This is way too important. If it’s only his idea, other people will definitely know something was wrong, especially Uncle Matthew”
	It was known to all that Wilson and Matthew didn’t get along well. In tradition, if Mr. Kawn passed away, the next host of the Kawn family would be Matthew because he was the elder son.
	But he was too ordinary comparing with Wilson. That was why he regarded Wilson as his competitor.
	If Wilson did this by himself, Matthew would never cooperate because it wouldn’t benefit him anyway.
	Archie raised his eyebrows.
	“So, what do you think?”
	“I think the whole family except Mr. Kawn are acting.”
	Archie thought for a while. Natalia turned around, only to see someone familiar was walking in.
	“Miss Selena, you’re back!”
	Greg was about to take Mr. Kawn to the garden when they accidentally bumped into Selena.
	Selena forced a smile and greeted, “Grandpa.”
	Mr. Kawn was clearly in a mood when he saw Selena.
	“Why are you home so late? Don’t you know your sister’s back? Did you do this on purpose to put her on the spot?”
	Selena froze.
	At that moment, Jessica heard the conversation and ran towards them.
	“Grandpa, don’t blame her,” she stepped in front of Selena and explained, “Selena is a celebrity. She tried her best to make it home tonight. I’m not embarrassed and please don’t be mad at her.”
	Mr. Kawn wasn’t so mad anymore. He glanced at Selena impatiently and scolded, “Why are you still standing here? Go and greet the guests!”
	Selena lowered her head and answered, “I will, Grandpa. I’m going in.”
	She went into the room hastily.
Chapter 324 The Truth
	After Selena was gone, Mr. Kawn looked at Jessica smiling, “Jessica, Selena is a little too quiet. Don’t be upset with her. It’s just who she is.”
	Jessica curved her lips and said, “Of course. We’re family.”
	Wilhelm nodded and asked Greg to take him to the Garden.
	Natalia was stunned.
	“She’s pulling the same tricks again and no one’s seeing what she is up to. Acting so innocent and tame. Disgusting.”
	Archie sneered, “Perhaps most people see things with their eyes, not with their hearts.”
	Natalia raised her eyebrows.
	She turned to Archie and laugh, “So, Mr. McCarthy, do you see things with your heart?”
	Archie looked down and chuckled wickedly, “I only see you with my heart.”
	He grabbed her hands and laid them on his chest.
	“It’s beating for you right now. Can you hear it?”
	Natalia’s face got red instantly. She hurriedly withdrew her hands and said, “Ewww!”
	Then she walked inside the room in a rush.
	Archie seldom got her shy like this. He guffawed and followed her inside.
	Natalia figured that she must dig in and find out what truly happened.
	And in order to find the truth, they needed to ask Wilson.
	Wilson knew that Jessica was Natalia’s half-sister and they wouldn’t be able to fool Natalia, so there was no need to lie to her.
	When they found Wilson, he just went out of the tearoom with Ein.
	He was surprised to see them, and then he said, “Archie, Lia, I thought you were in the living room with other kids.”
	Archie didn’t say anything.
	Natalia smiled, “We were having a walk in the garden and came here by chance.”
	She glanced at Ein. He nodded to her and said to Archie, “I heard that you have acquired several large enterprises in succession recently. Good for you.”
	Archie replied coldly, “I thought the Bissel family are normally more interested in politics. I didn’t know you would care about our business so eagerly. Thank you for your attention.”
	Hearing that, Ein laughed awkwardly, “Well, we’re family friends, right? Of course I would care about you. But don’t misunderstand me. I meant well. I just wanna say that you’ve done a great job.”
	Archie curved his lips.
	“Then, thank you.”
	There had been several conflicts between the Bissel family and the Kawn family although they were still pretending that everything was normal.
	They both knew each other’s intention.
	Ein left after saying goodbye to Wilson.
	Then, Wilson turned around and said to Archie and Natalia: “I assume you came to ask me something, didn’t you?”
	Natalia nodded.
	Wilson grinned, “I guess so. It’s better to clear things up anyway. Follow me.”
	He led them into the tearoom.
	Mr. Kawn had a passion for tea art, which explained why the tearoom was decorated in exquisite taste.
	The colors were classy and perfectly balanced. Even the antique tea table was made of sandalwood. Before the tea was boiled, the refreshing scent of tea was already in the air.
	They sat down at the table. Wilson began to make tea while saying, “I knew you would come, but you came much earlier than I expected. Please don’t embarrass me in front of so many people. I know a lot of them have already known and they are hoping that you two will come and ask for explanation.”
	Natalia smiled, “If you have known we would come to you and still decided to bring Jessica to Eqitin, then you must be one hundred percent sure you could deceive everyone.”
	Wilson frowned and glanced at her.
	Archie was sitting next to her emotionlessly, twirling his wedding ring.
	After a few seconds of silence, he sighed, “Never mind. I’ll tell you.”
	He got up to serve them tea, then he sat back down and continued, “The truth is, Jessica is not Yvonne’s child.”
	Natalia froze.
	Although she’d knew it was impossible that Jessica was her daughter, she was still surprised to hear Wilson finally admit it.
	Wilson said in a deep tone, “Except for my father, everyone in our family has known about this. We’ve reached a consensus that we should make him feel happy and content in his last days. It really doesn’t matter that Jessica is not Yvonne’s daughter as long as my father believes she is.”
	He paused for a while and kept on talking, “And Jessica might be the last person who knows where that child is.”
	Natalia was confused.
	However, it seemed that Wilson didn’t want to give any further information.
	Archie was not interested in the lost child. He was more curious about the behavior of the Kawn family.
	“So, you chose Jessica to pretend to be the child. But have you ever considered about her reputation? Sooner or later, someone will tell Mr. Kawn about her scandals. How are you going to explain that to him?” said Archie.
	“Like what she said, what’s past is past. There’s not much time left for him. I will keep the Kawns’ mouths shut. As for other people, my father will not believe their words anyway.” said Wilson.
	Archie laughed derisively.
	Natalia asked, “So the doctor said Mr. Kawn doesn’t have much time left?”
	Wilson nodded.
	“The cancer had spread to the liver. My father refused chemotherapy. He has only two months to live.”
Chapter 325 All in Vain
	Suddenly, everyone in the tearoom fell silent.
	Though Natalia was not familiar with Mr. Kawn and had only spent a couple of hours with him, she was still sad to hear this terrible news.
	“Uncle Wilson, I’m sorry.”
	Wilson smiled, “It’s life. Nobody is immortal. My father has been suffering from illness for years. To be completely honest, this might be a big relief to him now. But ever since Yvonne’s child went missing, she had been in a trance. Even when she later adopted Selena, she still couldn’t move on, which was probably why she couldn’t even make it to her 40th birthday.
	“My father couldn’t let it go. These years he has been constantly busy with family affairs and didn’t even have time to search for the child. That is why he is so eager to find Yvonne’s daughter. He doesn’t want to have any regrets.
	“Actually, it doesn’t matter anymore whether the child is fake or not. If he thinks she is real, then she is real.”
	After he finished, the three of them were silent again.
	Natalia didn’t know what to say.
	She finally understood why Archie said getting the lost child back might not be a good thing.
	Other than Wilhelm, no one wanted her back.
	After all, Wilhelm was not in good condition. No one knew if he had made a will or not. If the child was found, there would be one more heir, even if she was just a woman with no background.
	Sometimes rich people were just incredibly cold-blooded.
	Natalia and Archie had already known the answer and didn’t want to talk anymore.
	They stood up and took their leave.
	Wilson walked them to the door.
	At the door, he looked at Natalia. He wanted to say something but hesitated.
	Natalia knew what he wanted to say. She said calmly, “Rest assured. I will mind my own business if she minds hers. Let bygones be bygones. I’ve taken back what belongs to me. After all, she got nothing in the end, and I don’t want to waste more time on her.”
	Wilson was relieved to hear her say this.
	“If so, thank you for your understanding.”
	Natalia nodded slightly and left with Archie.
	It was still kind of early when they went back to Pinewood Manor.
	They didn’t eat much at the dinner. Seeing them back, Mrs. Dottie made some dumplings for them, which were Natalia’s favorite.
	When eating, Natalia kept drifting away.
	Archie glanced at her and said, “If you’re not comfortable with that, I can take you back to the Kawn Mansion and expose her lies.”
	Natalia was stunned and then quickly explained, “Oh, I’m not thinking about her.”
	Archie raised his eyebrows.
	“Then what’s on your mind?”
	Natalia hesitated for a second and said, “I was thinking why Mr. Kawn was so distant to Selena. I’ve always heard that he was super nice to her. Is it because Jessica is back?”
	Archie was confused.
	“And that's what you've been thinking about?”
	Natalia nodded, looking quite serious.
	“That’s not your problem. You don’t need to worry about her.”
	Natalia didn’t know why he got mad.
	“She is your ex-girlfriend or might even be your first love. She had been in love with you for so many years and you don’t even bother to care about her a little bit. That is kind of cruel. Yet you think that I was being nosy.”
	Archie froze.
	Natalia didn’t like to rake up the past, but every once in a while, she couldn’t help making fun of him on things about Selena.
	He put down his spoon and looked her straight in the eyes, “Let me get this straight. I have never admitted that she was my girlfriend because it was all just jokes made by our parents when we were young. Moreover, even if she were my ex-girlfriend, we would have broken up for many years. We are total strangers now, so I have no obligation to care for her. And as my wife, you shouldn’t care for her either, understand?”
	“...”
	Natalia didn’t want him to really get mad. She tried to smooth things over by saying, “Honey, don't be so sensitive. Everyone has an ex these days. I had a relationship before I met you as well. I’m ok with that kind of stuff.”
	Hearing that, Archie was even more depressed.
	Just then, Mrs. Dottie came in.
	“Mr. and Mrs. McCarthy, Miss Kaur is here.”
	Natalia was stunned.
	She checked the time and found out that it was ten o 'clock at night.
	Ever since Victoria returned to Eqitin after giving birth, she had been laying low and rarely went out this late except for parties.
	Why would she come here so late at night?
	Natalia walked out of their room, feeling confused.
	As soon as she got into the living room, she saw Victoria coming in with her baby in her arms, followed by her help Helen, who was carrying a large bag of stuff.
	“Victoria,” she went over and asked with concern, “What happened? Is everything alright?”
	Victoria smiled, “Everything’s fine. I hope I didn’t disturb you by showing up this late.”
	Archie came up from behind. He took a look at Victoria and said to Natalia, “You girls talk, I need to get back to the study.”
	Natalia knew that he was intended to leave them two besties alone, so she nodded and said yes.
	After Archie went upstairs, Natalia asked Victoria to sit on the couch. She glanced at the sleeping child in her arms and asked, “It’s freezing outside. Why are you bringing him here so late?”
	It was December in Eqitin. The snow on the road was very thick. How could a little child bear this kind of extreme weather?
	Victoria sighed and said, “What choice do I have? He has to come here anyways. Instead of Helen dropping him off tomorrow morning, I'd rather bring him here myself.”
	“What?”
	Victoria looked her in the eyes and asked, “Lia, can you do me a favor?”
	Natalia nodded with no hesitation, “Anything you ask for.”
	“Help take care of Joy. I gotta return to Julio.”
Chapter 326 Taking Care of the Child
	Victoria had naturally listened when Natalia analyzed what had happened with her.
	So she knew that she had to go back to Julio this time.
	Only, she could go, but the child couldn’t come with her.
	First, the child had only just recovered from a serious illness. He was far too young to bring along in case anything else happened with his body.
	Second, Brandon hadn’t allowed the child into his doorstep, after all. Any arguments or friction could put the kid in the line of fire.
	Hearing Victoria’s concerns, Natalia agreed.
	She nodded and said, “Don’t worry. I’ll take care of Joy. Go back and deal with what you need dealt with for now. I promise, when you return, he won’t be missing a single hair on his head.”
	Victoria smiled gratefully.
	“I trust you, of course.”
	She paused, looked longingly one last time at the child, then handed him over to Helen and rose. “It’s getting late. I need to get back. Have Helen stay here to look after him with you for this time, all right? She’s brought him up until now. She knows his temper and has the experience.”
	Natalia nodded, agreed, and had Mrs. Dottie get Helen and Joy settled in before getting up and escorting Victoria out.
	“What time’s your flight tomorrow?”
	“Eight in the morning.”
	“Want me to take you?”
	“No Need.”
	Victoria hesitated, then sighed.
	“I hope it goes well this time. I’m tired of this year-long grudge, but I won’t back down over the child. I don’t hope for my father to forgive me, but I wish he’d let go and let me walk my own path.”
	Hearing her words, Natalia felt heavy as well.
	But she still hugged her encouragingly.
	“It’ll go well. I believe in you.”
	After seeing Victoria off, Natalia went back to the rooms and checked in on Mrs. Dottie.
	Mrs. Dottie had already taken Helen and the kid to the guest room and was sorting out their accommodations.
	Thankfully, Anne came by often, so there was plenty of things for children in the house.
	Besides, Victoria had had Helen bring all the daily necessities over, so they weren’t pressed at the moment.
	With everything settled in, Natalia checked on Joy.
	The kid was sleeping well. Even now, it didn’t seem like he would wake.
	The little bundle curled up in the cradle like a cute, tiny angel.
	She felt her heart warm as she tucked him in and said, “I’ll be troubling you to look after him alone tonight, Helen. I’ll find someone with the experience taking care of children and have them come over to give you a hand tomorrow. This way, you can take turns.”
	Helen smiled hurriedly. “No, no, it’s fine. I’ve taken care of Joy for this long and I’m used to it. I’ll be fine even if I went at it alone.”
	Natalia smiled and didn’t reply.
	After arranging everything, she went upstairs to look for Archie.
	Archie was in his writing room. Seeing her come in, he asked, “It’s done?”
	“Yeah.”
	Natalia thought about it. “It’ll be two days until the holidays. Victoria might not be back until after the festivities. Since there’s not too much going on right now, I want to have Anne come over and keep Joy company.”
	Archie didn’t have an opinion on that suggestion.
	“Sure. I’ll leave it up to you.”
	The following day, Natalia went and visited the old household.
	Seeing her, Anne was naturally overjoyed.
	Knowing that there was a little brother waiting for her at home, her eyes lit up.
	“Did you finally make a little brother for me with Daddy, Mommy? Then am I a big sister from now on?”
	Natalia had to laugh as she poked her nose. “Don’t make things up. That’s your Auntie Victoria’s child, but Mommy and Auntie Victoria are friends, so he’s your little brother too.”
	Anne finally understood.
	“Then when are you giving me a real little brother, Mommy?”
	“…”
	Er…
	To the side, Ariana and William couldn’t hold back their amusement. Ariana chuckled, “If you didn’t raise a ruckus about going to live with Mommy every day, Mommy and Daddy would be able to give you a little brother very soon.”
	Hearing that, Anne pouted discontentedly.
	“I’ve lived away from Mommy for so long, but it’s still not long enough? If that’s the case, I don’t want it anymore.”
	She said, and turned her head sulkily to the side, releasing a humph.
	Natalia found it unbearably cute and smiled, “There’s twenty days in the winter holiday and you can spend it all with Mommy. Aren’t you happy?”
	Anne’s eyes brightened for a moment, then she looked at her dubiously.
	“Really? You’re not lying to me?”
	Faced with the child’s doubt, Natalia suddenly lulled.
	She felt an inexplicable sense of sorrow.
	This child had been through too much. She didn’t have a mother to accompany her from when she was small. Archie loved her enough and was patient enough, but he was far too busy at the end of the day. The people who spent the most time with her were only Ariana and William.
	That was why, deep in her heart, she must feel so extremely insecure.
	Natalia sighed lightly and crouched down, hugging the girl into her arms. Her voice was soft. “Really. When you get better, you’ll be with Mommy every day from now on and we’ll never be apart again. How’s that?”
	Anne cheered up instantly.
	“That’s great. I know Mommy is the best.”
	Seeing that, Ariana’s eyes grew moist at the side.
	Natalia really was the best.
	She’d thought it would be hard for Natalia to accept the child before.
	But clearly, she was really treating Anne like one of her own, with not an ounce of selfishness.
	Thinking of that, Ariana said, “Anne, come with me.”
	As she spoke, she headed upstairs.
	Natalia got up, a little dubious, but still followed her over.
	Ariana brought her all the way to her own room.
	In the old McCarthy household, there was an aged servant who took care of Ariana by the name of Murphy. Everyone called her Mama Murphy most days. She’d been with the old lady since they were young, so she had her trust.
	Right now, she was tidying Ariana’s room.
	Seeing them come in, she stopped what she was doing and beamed, “Madams, you’re here.”
	Ariana nodded and didn’t send her off, directly ordering, “Bring me the sandalwood box in the drawer.”
	Mama Murphy made an assenting noise and hurried to the task.
	Taking Natalia’s hand, the old lady sat down on her chair and spoke. “You got to know Archie early, Natalia, and didn’t hold a wedding, so I didn’t get the chance to give you anything. But I really do like you as a granddaughter-in-law. With you here, be it Archie or Anne, I can leave them safely in your hands.”
	Hearing that the start of the conversation wasn’t going where she thought, Natalia frowned.
Chapter 327 Treat It as a Coincidence
	At that moment, Mama Murphy had taken the box and walked over.
	“Found it, madam.”
	Smiling, she handed the box over to the old lady. Natalia took one look and saw it was a deep brown sandalwood box, engraved with delicate patterns. A high-end piece, obviously.
	Ariana opened the box. It was inlaid with a dark red silk brocade, and on the brocade, there sat a classic-looking sapphire necklace.
	Natalia’s eyes shot wide as her face changed slightly.
	For no other reason that the design looked very familiar, almost like…
	The old lady took out the necklace and sighed, “This was from a long time ago, when I was still young. Your Grandpa got it from an antique merchant by chance, and we hadn’t known each other long. He gave me the necklace as our engagement gift. You’re a good kid, Natalia. I don’t have much to give you, but I’ll give you this necklace. I hope you and Archie can be like us, and spend the rest of your lives together in harmony and peace.”
	Natalia frowned. There was no joy in her expression as she stared off into space.
	Noticing her bearing chance, Ariana was a little surprised as she called, “Natalia.”
	Natalia jerked back to the moment.
	She floundered for a moment, then forced a smile. “What did you just say, Grandma?”
	Ariana had to frown as well.
	She didn’t continue on the topic and said concernedly, “Are you all right? Are you feeling sick anywhere?”
	Natalia shook her head.
	Pursing her lips, she hesitated and said, “I’m fine. Just remembered a few things after seeing this necklace all of a sudden.”
	Ariana was taken aback.
	“Oh? You don’t mean to say you’ve seen it before?”
	That couldn’t be possible. After all, ever since William had given her the necklace decades ago, she’d hid it away carefully. Outsiders couldn’t have seen it.
	But Natalia nodded.
	She reached out and unclasped the necklace she’d always been wearing.
	“Look at this, Grandma.”
	Natalia was holding the same, classic-style necklace, designed very similarly to Ariana’s, only the sapphire had been switched for a ruby.
	Ariana was instantly stunned.
	Not just her, but Mama Murphy, looking on at the side, was also stunned.
	“What – what’s going on…”
	Mama Murphy was at a complete loss for words. This necklace was an heirloom from previous royal families. There was only one of them. How could an identical copy exist?
	Natalia didn’t know about the history behind the necklace, but seeing their reactions, she could tell that something wasn’t right.
	After a while, Ariana reacted, her face darkening slightly, “Where did you get this necklace?”
	Natalia didn’t hide it and told her about how her mother had died, leaving her this memento.
	Ariana heard the story and fell into doubt.
	Frowning, she reached out after a while and said, “Can I have a close look at the necklace?”
	Natalia nodded.
	Ariana took the necklace, examined it, and visibly relaxed.
	“This is a fake. It’s delicately made and looks like a classic relic, but look closely and you’ll find that a lot of places are new. This isn’t a remnant of a previous royal family but a recent forgery.”
	Natalia was astonished.
	This was something her mother had kept for her. She’d seen her mother wear it from when she was small, and she’d deliberately left it to her after she passed. It shouldn’t be a forgery.
	Still, Ariana was dead sure, and Natalia didn’t have a better explanation at the moment, so she could only let it rest.
	Coming out of the old lady’s room, Natalia took Anne and Archie home with her.
	Knowing that she had a little brother in the house now, Anne was overjoyed and wanted to play around with him.
	Natalia had Mrs. Dottie and Helen keep a watch on them so they didn’t go on too late, then went upstairs.
	Back in her bedroom, she washed up and took out the two necklaces, placing them side by side as she sat on the bed, musing.
	Archie came back sometime during that and saw her sitting there, hand on her chin, looking troubled. He cocked an eyebrow.
	“What are you looking at?”
	He walked over and sat down opposite her.
	Natalia pushed the two jewel boxes in front of him and said, “Look at these two necklaces.”
	Archie raised his brows, a little surprised.
	Of course he’d seen the ruby necklace that Natalia always wore.
	Knowing that it was a memento of her mother, it wasn’t anything strange.
	But the necklace on the side was Ariana’s, and because the old lady had treasured it, she rarely took it out. As a man, Archie didn’t pay too much attention to this sort of thing, so he actually hadn’t seen this necklace too often.
	Looking at the two necklaces side by side, he thought for a while and asked, “Grandma gave you this one?”
	Natalia nodded.
	“Grandma says that this is something from a previous royal family that Grandpa stumbled upon and gave to her as a wedding gift. She just gave it to me, but didn’t think I already had one. The one my Mom left me. But Grandma says this one’s fake.”
	She said, and took up the ruby necklace.
	Archie took it and looked it over.
	He hadn’t paid too much attention to jewelry for women, so he didn’t notice.
	Looking at it closely now, he found that this necklace was made recently. Forget previous royal families, it wasn’t believable even for Kiera to have worn it for decades.
	He couldn’t help frowning.
	Natalia sighed, frustrated.
	“My mother wouldn’t have lied to me, and I never understood the meaning behind her leaving me this necklace. Does it really have something to do with Grandma?”
	Archie shot her a look.
	The look wasn’t bright or dim, and seemed thoughtful.
	Natalia didn’t know how to respond to the look, nor did she know what he meant.
	After a while, Archie sat the necklace down and said, “I remember that the old woman of the Dawson family had kept this back then. She might know something.”
	Natalia jolted, then her expression sunk.
	“Forget it. She wouldn’t tell me even if she knew.”
	Archie didn’t say anything about that.
	He fell silent for a while and took up both of the necklaces, remarking, “If that’s the case, then there’s no need to overthink it. It’s just a necklace and won’t affect anything. Just think of it as a coincidence.”
	Natalia thought about it and felt it made sense, so she left it up to him.
	Settling down, she went back downstairs to check on Anne and Joy. After tucking both of the little children back to their rooms in bed, she retired to her own room.
