Raising My Wife
https://s.swnovels.com/images/book-covers/30.jpg
An accident compels their destinies to get intertwined.Lily had saved James when he was ruthlessly kidnapped seven years ago.However, it seemed as if fate had other plans for them. When James woke up, he had already gotten out of the country. He'd been sent abroad to seek treatment for his legs. Given that he'd been in a coma, it didn't seem like he had any other choice.He badly wanted to find the girl who had saved his life. But he had no idea who she was. He wasn't even able to obtain her name.It took him seven years of strenuous searching to finally find her.Without any further hesitation, he brought her home. He definitely didn't want to risk losing her again. He'd cherish her as long as he lived!	
Chapter 1 Take Her Home
	"From now on, your name is Lilias Ling, and you're staying here."
	His cold voice echoed throughout the household as he left. Even as he walked away, Lily still felt as if she were being watched.
	Although she'd been expecting this for a long time, she couldn't help but be in awe of the events that had just unfolded. It just felt so unreal.
	It was as if he had appeared in thin air to save her, like an angel manifesting from the clouds to reach for her,
	and now she found herself sitting at the edge of her bed, at a loss of what to do.
	Compared to her measly house, this was like heaven. There was a wide, queen-sized bed propped in the center of the room. Warm sunlight poured in from the floor length windows, and there were even a bunch of stuffed animals propped at the corner of the room for her to play with. The room was filled with innocence and child-like wonder. It was everything she had hoped for as a child,
	yet she found herself sitting at the edge of the bed, unable to move. It was everything she had hoped for, that she was afraid that if she touched something, it would break.
	He had saved her and brought her to this place. He even gave her a name. She used to be called Lily. However, the name was so common, so he changed it up a bit. Now, her name was Lillias Ling. It was unique, and it had a nice ring to it.
	Suddenly, a gentle knock interrupted her thoughts.
	"Miss Lillias, Mr. James asked that you have dinner downstairs." Lilly recognized the voice as the servant who had brought her to the villa.
	"Okay," she responded, taking a deep breath. Well, it was time she faced the music.
	As she arrived in the dining hall, she saw that James Ling was already waiting for her.
	"Sit next to me," he said. There was a certain charm wrapped around his velvety voice, and she followed.
	In front of her was a plate of steak. She pursed her lips nervously. Lily had only ever used chopsticks. Western utilities like knives and forks were unfamiliar to her. As if he could read her mind, he cut the steak in his plate quietly before placing it on hers.
	Having lived a life of coldness and distance, she was never treated like this before. Lily felt touched by his actions. Noticing how silent she was, James Ling turned towards her.
	"After dinner, I'll ask Lara to show you around the villa," he said, breaking the silence.
	"What?" Lily's eyes widened, craning her head.
	"Don't you want to?" he asked, feeling a small thrill when her innocent eyes stared into him.
	"No." She waved her hands repeatedly. "I'm just really happy to be here."
	"It's time that you familiarize yourself with the villa. Do you like your room?"
	"Yes." In fact, she absolutely loved it.
	"You can tell Lara what else you'll need, and she could get it for you," he stated. "I can take you out when I have the time, but other than that, you should stay at home for a while."
	Her chest warmed at the thought of calling this place her home.
	His lips twitched. "Let's eat."
	Lily finally regained her composure and began to eat quietly.
	Once dinner was over, he rushed to the study to get some documents done. Lily was left with Lara to explore the villa.
	"How many years have you lived here?" Lily asked as she followed Lara around.
	"Around thirty years. My husband and I have been working for the Ling family since we were young." A faint smile carved her lips.
	"Then, uh...about Mr. James," Lily hesitated. "Do you know him well?"
	"Mr. James is very kind, especially to us helpers. As long as we don't violate any of his rules, he wouldn't make a fuss about it, but he doesn't talk much. He has a good heart though. When my husband got into a car accident, he arranged a job for him in the villa. Without him, our future would've been done for." At the mention of James Ling, Lara couldn't stop talking.
	Lily frowned. 'If he is really kind, has he adopted me due to kindness?' Would she be thrown away if she misbehaved?
	"Miss Lillias, you're actually the first person that he'd taken home with him. He loves quietness, so he doesn't have much friends over. He must be happy that you're here." Although Lara didn't know who this woman was, she could tell that Lily didn't have an easy life. However, given that it was James Ling who brought her here, there must be something special about her. She was also very kind.
	Lily nodded absently, not listening to Lara's words.
	"Miss Lillias? Miss Lillias?" Lara called.
	"What?" Lily blinked.
	"Miss Lillias, there is a pavilion in the garden over there. You can sit there for a while. I can go and get you slices of cakes. I made them myself, so I'm sure you'll love them."
	"Sure, thank you." Lily smiled sweetly.
	There were plenty of flowers in the garden that she didn't recognize. It was said that admiring the greeneries could make one happy. Now, as she stared at the plants surrounding her, she could tell that the saying was true.
	No matter what reason he had to bring her here, she was happy and thankful for it. All she wanted was to live an ordinary life.
	Her mother had passed away when she was ten. After that, she just couldn't leave the place she'd lived with her mother, scared that she wouldn't be able to feel her mother's presence if she strayed. Now, she was eighteen. Lily might not know why James brought her home, but for once in her life, she was actually happy here.
	It felt as if everything was falling together. At least, that was what she wanted to believe.
	Lara placed a cake in front of her and Lily smiled, feeling as if she were the luckiest girl in the world.
	She didn't notice that a man was staring at her from the third floor.
	It was James. With a glass of wine in his hand, he stood by the window.
	He stared at the two figures down below, swirling the wine glass in his hand. His lips twitched into a small smile.
	They had been apart for so long. James had actually been searching for her for seven years,
	and now that he found her, he wasn't going to let her go. All kinds of information showed that she was not only his savior but also the daughter of a friend he had known before. Unfortunately, that person had died.
	Without another thought, he raised the wine glass to his lips and drank it all up.
Chapter 2 Being Kidnapped
	The memory went back to seven years ago.
	When James finally woke up, he found himself tied to one of the pillars of a dark house. He tried to struggle, but it was to no avail.
	"Caleb, check if the boy's awake or not." James heard a low voice from outside of the cottage. Without another word, he quickly shut his eyes. Since he didn't know who the other party was, it was better that he observed the situation first.
	The door creaked open and a man stepped in. James didn't move, listening to the sounds around him.
	"He's still asleep. You used too much drugs this time, Rhys," Caleb said, shoving James roughly. When James didn't react, Caleb sighed in frustration.
	"Well, we brought him here not for sleeping," another man snarled back.
	All of a sudden, Rhys poured a bucket of freezing water onto James's head.
	He immediately opened his eyes to glare at them. Although James was just a young boy, he had a demeanor of a king. Even as he was tied and drenched with water, his eyes were still as cold as the winter seas. The two men couldn't help but shiver at the sight of his gaze.
	"So you finally wake up?" Rhys sneered, clapping his hands. He'd like to believe that they'd succeed this time. After all, they had prepared for every scenario in the book.
	James didn't respond. Instead, his mind started to work. He tried to piece together the backgrounds and the intentions of the men in front of him, as well as the environment he was placed in to see if there was anything that could help him in his escape.
	"I've heard plenty of things about the first born son of the Ling Group. Now, it seems, he's with us. Isn't this such a great day?" Rhys's eyes glinted as he bent closer. "I was told you're smart, so how about let's play a game? If you agree, I'll let you leave safe and sound, but if you get the wrong answer...well...Caleb, bring it here."
	Caleb brought him a wooden stick, and Rhys waved it mockingly in the air. "But if you make one mistake, this will fall on your body. It's fair, right?"
	The two men were standing against the light so James couldn't get a good look at their faces, but he wasn't afraid. "I don't care who gave you the orders, but I suggest you release me now." Although his voice was hoarse from dehydration, it was still as firm as diamonds.
	Rhys gritted his teeth. "I don't think so. See, we brought you here for money. However, it's up to us whether we return you in perfectly good condition or in skin and bones."
	James snorted. "If it's all about the money, then you should've bargained with me. Do you really think it's that hard for the Ling Group to find where I am now? Besides, since you didn't even hide yourselves, I don't think you're planning on keeping me alive."
	Caleb raised his club and slammed it on James. "You'd better shut that trap of yours, asshole," he snarled. "But you surely got one thing right. We don't plan on leaving you alive anytime soon."
	Caleb smashed his legs with all his strength. James tried his best not to respond but his forehead was already breaking down in cold sweat. His legs were already shaking from the pain.
	Seeing that James was only glaring at them, Rhys couldn't help but panic. He needed to get a hold of this boy or else his plan would be destroyed.
	"You think the Ling Group would find us that easily? Don't be a fool!" Rhys took the club and smashed it onto James's legs again.
	James's body was already trembling in pain as it surged all over his body. However, he continued to grit his teeth. Although these men were doing their best to torture him, he wasn't planning on backing down. He glared at them like a furious tiger.
	Seeing the expression on their victim's face, Rhys dropped the club. "You know what?" he snarled. "Let's do this later."
	However, just as they closed the door behind them, their fear was already showing. "Well? What do we do now?" Caleb whispered. "You think we should..."
	Rhys lit a cigarette and avoided his gaze. "I don't know yet, but what I do know, is that James must die." He knew the consequences of pissing off the Ling Group.
	Caleb nodded. James was like a ticking time bomb. Although they were a pair of outlaws, they weren't planning on dying early.
	"We'll leave tonight. We've broken James's legs, so he won't be able to escape. Let's wait for Jordan and discuss this by then." Rhys left.
	Even though they kept their voices down, James could still hear them. Now, he was a hundred percent sure that they were plotting to kill him.
	James squinted his eyes and gritted his teeth through the pain as he tried to remember what had happened before the kidnapping. 'I was planning to pick up my friend from the airport, when they drove down my path and drugged me. It was 10 in the morning back then, and it must be around five in the afternoon now.
	In the past seven hours, they must've hid me in the mountain to prevent my family from finding me easily.
	From the looks of it, the two aren't hooligans. So who is the mastermind? And why didn't they just kill me on the spot?'
	he thought, groaning as he tried to move his legs. Fortunately, he loved to exercise, so his bones were very strong. Even if they tried to break them a while ago, his bones were fine.
	James groaned when the tight ropes rubbed against his bleeding legs. He breathed steadily, trying his best to reduce the pain he was feeling.
Chapter 3 The First Encounter
	As he was deep in his thoughts, a rustling sound came from behind him. James whipped his head, alarmed by it. "Who is it?"
	It couldn't be the two men. They had already gone out.
	As James was staring at the place where the sound had come from, a board creaked to the side and light streamed through the hole.
	Suddenly, a girl's head popped inside. It was a little girl with two ponytails. She looked smart. However, one step into the dark room, she was already a shivering mess.
	"Hello?" The little girl took a deep breath and walked inside. He furrowed his eyebrows. Where did she come from? How did she break the board? Who was she? Could she save him?
	She called him again, breaking him from his reverie, "Hello?"
	"What?" It was not until then did he realize that she was calling him. He set his eyes on her.
	"Did you meet any bad guys?" The little girl pouted her lips.
	"What?" He furrowed his eyebrows, still trying to get over the fact that the young girl actually had the guts to sneak into this place.
	"Well, you don't look like a bad guy." As she approached him, her gaze fell on his bleeding legs. She frowned. "You're injured. I'll go ask someone to save you." She was about to head to the door to find someone.
	"No! Stop!" Just one look at the girl and he could tell she was around 8 or 9 years old. She was smart, given that she insisted to call for help. But wasn't she afraid? He didn't know if they set around men to guard the area, so he couldn't let her risk it.
	"Why do you think I'm not a bad guy?" He could tell that this girl would help him, but from the looks of it, he still needed to gather his strength before he'd try to escape.
	"I saw some people carrying you up the mountain. They're the ones who looked bad." She shrugged. "What should we do now?"
	James motioned to a stone. "Pick it up." The girl picked it up immediately with no hesitation. "Cut off the rope on my feet with that. Don't be afraid," he comforted. Thinking of the wounds that wrapped around his legs, he was afraid that the girl would be scared off at the sight of the blood. However, it seemed that she only hesitated for a second before going through with the task.
	"How did you find this place?" he asked. Although the rope was scraping through his wounds, he persevered, just to ease the tension in the girl's eyes.
	"This place? It's been here for a long time." She struggled as she tried to cut off the rope.
	"Why did you come here? Aren't you scared?"
	"My teacher said that children who are willing to help are good children," she said seriously.
	"And what if they found out? Have you ever thought about the consequences? You shouldn't believe other's words that easily," he lectured like a parent teaching a child.
	The little girl nervously looked up at him, frowning.
	One look at her eyes, James already felt like laughing. He didn't understand why he'd reason with a child who probably wouldn't understand him. "Nothing! Forget I said that."
	The little girl shrugged her shoulders and continued.
	Soon enough, the rope was finally broken. He bit back a groan as the pain in his legs grew even worse.
	She didn't wait for him before she started to work on the rope around his wrists. Silence enveloped them as she continued to work.
	The rope finally broke free. However, that meant that his support was gone. James doubled over on the ground, groaning.
	"Are you alright?" She rushed towards him, struggling to pull him up. However, her strength was futile. Although she could support him, James needed to stand up on his own.
	"Would you like to have a rest first? I can get someone for you," she said anxiously. It was getting dark, and there was no way she could carry him down the mountain.
	James forced himself to lean against the wall. His legs and body began to tremble as he stood, but he persisted. "No," he said. "You have two choices. You can go down the mountain yourself, or you find a place to hide me."
	"I'll help you of course," she said with no hesitation.
	"This is more dangerous, you know. You can get hurt," he warned.
	The girl gazed into his injured legs before gripping his hand tightly. "Don't be afraid. We'll go down the mountain safely."
	He'd never felt this before, but from the way she held him, it was as if she wanted to give him her strength. They were like a little force to be beckoned with.
	She supported him to the exit. They walked slowly, but it seemed as if they had no other choice. Any second now, the people who had kidnapped him would return.
	It was getting dark and the temperature was gradually growing lower. The wind blew in different directions. Although it was summer, she shivered from the cold.
	James's head began to ache as the painful breeze began to slap him on the back.
	The girl persisted to assist him. It was hard to navigate their way through the mountain. They had to search for steady roads for a way out.
	"Do you need to rest?" she asked.
	His head was already drooping down as waves of pain overwhelmed him. "No," he insisted. "I..."
	Before he could finish his words, he doubled down into the grass. Darkness was all he could see as her soft voice echoed at the back of his head.
	He'd never forget her voice. If it hadn't been for her, he wouldn't have been saved.
	However, it seemed that destiny had other plans. When James woke up, he was already out of the country. He'd been sent abroad to heal his legs. Given that he'd been in a coma, he had no other choice. He wanted to find the girl, but he had no idea who she was. He didn't even catch her name.
	James sent Sean to investigate how he was discovered, but he could only gather that someone sent for the police to find him. However, the police who found him were already nowhere to be found. It was as if his family had made everything about the kidnapping all disappear.
	It seemed that it had never happened. On the other hand, the kidnapping was very strange to say the least. However, he knew for a fact that this assault was just the beginning.
	In the past years, his thoughts were always on the girl with the ponytails. Sometimes he'd dream of her saving him again, hearing her voice echo behind him.
	She had not only saved him, but she also played a key role throughout the kidnapping. Since she followed them, she must've recognized the kidnappers so she could help him locate them. It was essential that he'd find her.
	He'd been looking for her all these years, but given that all he knew was her appearance, it was like he was finding a needle in a haystack. Fortunately, he finally found her.
	The Ling Group had always donated to many charities around the world. It had also given many scholarships to the children in need. As his secretary sent him the details of a beneficiary, he saw that it was her--the girl who had saved him.
	He didn't hesitate to bring her with him, not wanting to let her go again.
	However, it seemed that the girl had already forgotten what had happened in the mountain. Due to this, he wasn't going to force her. He'd rather bear this alone, given that this could also be scarring for a girl at her age.
	Her name was Lily. It was common, and as she was an orphan, she had no last name as well. With no hesitation, he had given her his surname. He'd cherish her to the ends of the earth. She was his Lillias Ling.
Chapter 4 Let's Have Dinner Together
	Since they had dinner that day, Lily hadn't seen James for several days.
	But it didn't matter. Lily had a nameless fear of him, even though he gave her a lot.
	She hadn't seen him for several days. Lily was relaxed. She was familiar with the villa. She was very familiar with everything there except for James' room and study.
	Lily were very familiar with Lara and Bill. They were very nice to her and she liked to stay with them.
	Lara was very kind to Lily, not only because she was brought back by Mr. James, but also because Lily was very clever. When Mr. James was away these days, Lara always cooked with Lily's taste. This made Lily, who had no parents since childhood, seemed to feel the love of her mother.
	When there was nobody else around, Lara always called her Lily, "do you want to cook too? You are so young, but you are good at cooking and you are a quick learner. Nowadays, many girls can't cook these dishes. "
	"No, of course not... I just like to cook... "Lily said while helping her with the vegetables. "When I was home alone, I learned some skills."
	Lily had been telling Lara about her birth parents the past few days. Lara loves lily dearly, so she treats lily as her own daughter
	Lara didn't want to make Lily think about the sad things, so she changed the subject and talked about her interesting cooking. Although it was nothing serious, it was amusing to Lily and she listen to her carefully. She had never done this before.
	Lara told her how to cook. The kitchen was quiet and peaceful. With Lara's guidance, Lily quickly learnt how to cook new dishes. The pots and pans were arranged in order and soon the dinner was ready.
	The moment she put the dish on the table, she heard the sound of a car from a distance. Lily wondered whether James came back? It was such a coincidence that she saw the dishes on the table and was a little worried. He probably wouldn't like these
	Lily began to feel nervous. After all, they just met once and the only conversation they had last time was not very pleasant.
	'Lara and Bill went out to receive him. It must be him, ' Lily thought.
	Lily didn't know how to face James until he came in.
	When James came in, she hadn't taken off her apron yet. Not knowing why, he felt that her dressing made him particularly happy, as if it had made this place more "home". And she was like a wife waiting for her husband to come home.
	wife? This thought flashed through James' mind.
	She stood blankly at the table and looked at him carefully, "you... You are back... "It was not a good start.
	"We haven't seen each other for a few days. Do you miss me?" His voice was as tender as water, and they were so familiar like the lover whom she hadn't seen for days. That made Lily feel that they had lived together for many years.
	"Are these dishes cooked by you?" It seemed that there was no need for her to give an answer, he asked again.
	"How do you know?" As soon as her words came out, she immediately regretted having said that. Would her tone be not good.
	But James didn't care at all. "I don't think Lara will do that."
	Lily looked upset, but didn't notice the smile on his face.
	Spareribs with brown sauce, sweet and sour fish, and stir fried cabbage, the last one was Lily's best dish. The first two dishes were directed by Lara, and Lily seldom cooked them before. But, with her patience, she also perfectly cooked them.
	"I didn't know you would be back, so I cooked Chinese food. How about I ask Lara to prepare another Western food for you?" Lily replied. She noticed that the only dish they had together was Western food, so she thought that James liked Western food more.
	"No, that's good," he sat down and said, "let's eat."
	She sat down there weakly. What if he didn't like it?
	Then Lily noticed that James ate a whole bowl of rice. 'compared to last time, he ate a lot.' is he praising me? 'she thought?
	Seeing her eating absentmindedly, James picked up a piece of fish and was about to put it in her bowl when he suddenly remembered something. He took back his chopsticks, removed the fish bones and put it in her bowl.
	James saw the surprised look on her face. "Your mind wanders when you eat."
	As if a child was caught red handed, her face suddenly turned red. She tried to defend herself in her heart, "it's all because you always do strange things."
	Seeing her burying her head eating, James found it funny that he thought of her as a wife. 'she was a girl who didn't know anything, ' he thought.
	Lily could feel his smile, but she just didn't want to think about it. Anyway, it was all about her. Pretending not to know, she ate more quickly in order to finish the dinner with bad atmosphere.
	After the meal, Lily went back to her room immediately.
	After shower, she sat on the edge of the bed, distracted.
	Why did he take her home? He looked so young as if he owned everything.
	She was extremely restless and couldn't stay there for no reason at all. She suddenly jumped out of the bed without thinking about anything. She just wanted to know the reason why he adopted her. So she ran all the way to the room where James was and wanted to ask him why.
	Only when she knocked on the door did she realize what she was doing. And what position did she have to take to force herself to ask him about her feelings in an unassailable manner? It was okay for her to be obedient
	Just when she was about to sneak away, she heard his voice from the door, "come in."
	At this moment, she had no choice but to walk in.
	He seemed to have just taken a shower, with his hair still wet. Such a him was not as frightening as he was in the daytime.
	The fact that he had been staring at her made her uneasy.
	"Why don't you sleep at night? A night owl? "He was teasing her.
	"Of course not!" She blushed at once.
	"Where are your shoes?" He walked towards her.
	Lily lowered her head and realized that she came out in a hurry. She didn't wear shoes and felt embarrassed. She immediately pinched the floor with her toes.
	James thought she was so cute when she did that.
	James took her hand on his shoulder. Before she was confused, James had already scooped her up in his arms. She was startled and wrapped his neck with her arms.
	Seeing that Lily was as lovely as a child, he suddenly wanted to play with her. For a moment, he did not want to put her down.
Chapter 5 Because Of You, Lily
	As time went by, the room was so quiet that only the sound of their breaths could be heard.
	It was the first time for her to have such intimate contact with a man, which made Lily feel nervous and novel.
	He didn't let her down and she didn't dare to move. They just stood there in a stalemate.
	Seeing Lily's hands around his neck like a young koala, James couldn't help laughing. After all, she was just a kid.
	His chuckle came from above her head. She was a little annoyed, "put me down..."She plucked up all her courage to protest in a low voice.
	However, in James' eyes, Lily was acting like a spoiled child, which satisfied him a lot.
	"Why are you here so late?" He didn't seem to hear her protest. He not only didn't put her down, but also tightened his hand, as if deliberately against her.
	She seemed to be bewitched by his voice and said what she was thinking unconsciously, "I have a question to ask you!"
	"What?" He raised his voice to indicate Lily to continue.
	"Why did you adopt me? What should I call you? Brother? Uncle? Or anything else? " She didn't want to mention the word "father", as James was too young.
	"What do you think?" He gently put her on the sofa, as if he were taking care of his beloved gift. However, he seemed to have anticipated that Lily would ask him about this.
	Lily didn't know what James was trying to say. A cool feeling rose in her heart. Was she brought back just out of kindness? Now that she was like a little pet that had been taken home all of a sudden, should she behave like a little pet?
	Seeing Lily's face depressed, James thought he should do something.
	He stood straight at the bedside, staring at Lily with blazing eyes, and said slowly, "look at me."
	Lily looked straight into his eyes. Taking off his strict suit in the daytime and putting on his bathrobe, he looked less strict and more like a family member.
	He was the most handsome man she had ever seen. The high straight nose bridge made his whole facial features three-dimensional and delicate. The white skin and a perfect face shape. His eyes, in particular, were like vast ocean of stars, people cannot help but fall in.
	Lily wanted to touch his long eyelashes, but since he was too high, she couldn't touch him even if she had extended her hand.
	He was as beautiful as a girl. Lily thought he was 190 cm tall, wearing a woman's dress and a serious face. This was really funny. She couldn't help but burst into laughter.
	But what she didn't know was that her petty action was undoubtedly a silent provocation to James. He slowly lowered his head, getting closer and closer to Lily.
	They were close but Lily didn't realize danger.
	"Do you know what it is like to break into a man's room at midnight?" James didn't want to do anything to Lily, but he was not going to let her go, either. His tone became cold and serious.
	Although life before was tough for Lily, it was simple and pure
	She didn't know what was going on, but her instinct told her that it was not good. She thought of the boys she had met before and heard James' reproachful tone. Suddenly, her nose twitched and she felt wronged.
	Tears welled up in Lily's eyes. As he saw her trembling face. He didn't know what to do, James' icy cold face was completely at a loss for words.
	As an exceptional talent, James was always the apple of the eye. Everyone else had always been obedient to him. A kid, who was very young all of a sudden, looked wronged in front of him and he definitely didn't know what to do. He was thirty years old now. If he had to coax a little girl of fifteen years old, he would rather acquire a company right away.
	"Don't you have some questions to ask? What's it? "After giving up coaxing her, he directly ignored her grievance and changed the topic.
	"Why? Why did you bring me back? Who am I?" Reminded by him, Lily pressed down her grievance and asked.
	"Because it is you, Lily." His tone became very gentle, as if the man with a serious face just now was only Lily's illusion.
	Her name sounded so sweet when coming out of his mouth. Lily stopped crying. She knew that tears could not solve anything, so she had to face the problem bravely.
	"Then... Will you send me back? " Lily was eager to know the answer, which was very important to her.
	"You can be here forever as long as you like it." After saying that, James took Lily's hand and observed it carefully.
	As James said this, he gently touched Lily's finger pulps. She was only a fifteen year old child, but there was already a small callus on her finger. It could be imagined that she had already been independent since her peers were still flirting with their parents. In that city, she had no one to rely on except herself. But now, he was here. In the future, he will give her the most wealthy life, give her the best education, and let her grow up.
	James gently stroked Lily's fingers, as if he were comforting her in the past.
	"It will never happen again." He not only gave Lily a promise, but also gave himself an account.
	Lily tried to take her hand back, but James held it tightly. Then her face turned red again.
	"Lily," James said. "You have to stay by my side before you grow up. It's my responsibility. And you're Lillias Ling of the Ling family."
	Lily finally gave in and went back to her room.
	It took him seven years to find her, then he would spend more time looking after her. This was his responsibility, and he should do it to fulfill his obligation.
	Although he was born cold, he was also not a ruthless person. The child was simple in character. Moreover, she was only 15 years old. Whether it was for the favor he had received from her that year or for the fact that she might be a family member of a generation he had known before, he felt that it was necessary for him to do so.
	Thinking of the age of Lily, James' eyes suddenly became harsh. It doesn't matter. He can accompany her to grow up until she is strong enough to face the world alone.
	And before finding out the real manipulator behind the scenes, he couldn't let anything happen to her.
	After returning to her room, Lily kept tossing and turning. She didn't know what James wanted to do or why he would do such a thing to her. He didn't tell her the reason why he adopted her and she didn't know who he thought she was.
	Perhaps, the only certain thing was that she got the promise of James and she could stay here forever.
	'too many things have happened tonight. I have to deal with them slowly.'. She had been thinking about what he had done tonight and their future for a long time.
	It was a sleepless night.
Chapter 6 Let's Go Out Together
	Lily woke up to Lara's knock on the door.
	Looking at herself in the mirror, she felt wronged. She didn't know what happened last night and she was sleepless last night. She even felt uncomfortable in her eyes After standing in the bathroom for a while, Lily finally went downstairs.
	When she went downstairs, she found James sitting at the table, waiting for her. Upon seeing his face, she remembered what happened last night, and her face was hot.
	She remembered that she almost cried in front of him. She seldom cried, but last night she just felt so aggrieved and couldn't help crying
	Seeing that she was still standing there, James was about to call her over, but he saw her grab the corner of her clothes tightly. Her clothes were neat, but it could be seen that she had washed them several times and it began to turn pale.
	It seemed that it was his negligence. In the past few days, he only asked people to observe her condition and let her get familiar with these things as soon as possible. However, he forgot that she only brought a little poor clothes. And the things prepared here were probably not her preferences.
	"Come here." he motioned her to sit beside him.
	Lily obedient, she went over, but her face was still hot and she did not dare to look directly at James.
	"Go out with me after dinner."
	"Okay." she didn't want to ask where they were going. She felt that what she needed to do was to obey him.
	Her reaction made James dissatisfied. On second thought, he had to give her time to think about it.
	After breakfast, they were going out.
	Although it was early autumn now, it was not as cool as he thought.
	With a low-key yet luxurious car, the man quietly waited for her outside the villa.
	James signaled the driver with his eyes. After all, he had followed James for so many years. The driver understood and moved aside. James walked over and opened the door for her.
	In the eyes of Lily, James' next move might be a shock to her, but in the eyes of his experienced driver, this was big news.
	In the past, although James was nice to the people around him, he always gave people the feeling that he was cold and liked quietness, so he was not willing to say more. Moreover, his identity did not allow him to open the car door for others. Such trifles would always be done for him.
	The car ran smoothly. Lily pretended to enjoy the scenery outside the window. In fact, she was trying to resolve the embarrassment of the two people, even if the driver was there.
	James's aura was so strong that it was difficult for Lily to ignore him on purpose. His smell, his breath, and from time to time, "disturb" Lily's thoughts.
	Seeing Lily's head drooping, James grabbed her hand and put it on his own, as if nothing had happened.
	Lily was surprised and wanted to withdraw her hand. She didn't know why. What the hell was this man doing? Did her hands have any special ability? Why did he always hold her hands.
	She decided to close her eyes and pretend to be asleep. After all, she didn't have the guts to draw her hands back.
	But she closed her eyes and her mind was full of him. 'did I fall in love with him? The girls in the courtyard said that as long as the man in my mind is always that man, I must fall in love with him, ' Lily thought. Lily didn't think she can like him, couldn't say why, but always felt not so good She thought for a while and finally fell asleep.
	Lily didn't sleep last night, but at this moment, she really fell asleep. What she didn't know was that after she fell asleep, her head had been resting on James' shoulder.
	Maybe it was James' shoulder that made Lily feel reliable. As a result, she had a good sleep.
	James just looked at Lily quietly.
	At this moment, she no longer had the usual carefulness, nor deliberately put on the cute look. She was just a 15-year-old girl. She didn't wear any makeup, but her skin was so good that it made people jealous. She had a delicate facial features, even with an open childish air. Like a child.
	They had been there for a long time, but James was reluctant to wake her up. All of a sudden, he felt the world was quite and peaceful.
	He just looked at Lily and didn't care. Even though he had sore shoulder.
	It was such a comfortable sleep. When Lily slowly woke up, she found that a long time had passed.
	"Ouch... Sorry... I... Sorry" Lily found herself leaning on James' shoulder. Instantly, her sleepy eyes became clear.
	Seeing her incoherent state of speech, James suddenly had a headache. What should he do to make her less afraid of him?
	"Are you not tired? Do you need more sleep? " James didn't want to scare her again.
	"No... No need" Lily shook her head quickly
	"Then get out of the car." James opened the door for Lily.
	Although Lily didn't know where to go, she chose to follow James. She could believe his words.
	Before she got off, Lily found that the driver was not in the car. She looked up at James in confusion.
	"I've asked the driver to go back first." James seemed to have sensed Lily's heart.
	Hearing his answer, Lily got off the car gently, thinking if she had slept for too long, he must be very busy and asked the driver to leave first. Now, Lily's face got red again.
	After getting off the car and taking a few steps, Lily found that she had arrived at the largest shopping mall in the city, which was called Billion Point.
	Billion Point was a dark business horse explored in the city several years ago. No one knew what kind of background it had, and it came all of a sudden. But it was not difficult to see its leader whom can look ahead. He could always judge the right direction of investment at the first time, and quickly beat many big companies that were powerful in the city.
	Seeing Billion Point was almost deserted now. Lily even doubted if something went wrong with her memory about Billion Point. She remembered that when she passed through the Billion Point in the past, she could see people going in and out of the mall all the time. What's going on today?
	Suddenly, Lily grabbed James' sleeve. He turned around and asked in confusion, "what's wrong?"
	"We are here to..." Lily was worried.
	"What?" James looked at her hand holding his, the memory of seven years ago overlapped.
	"I mean if there is nothing that can't be done, we should go somewhere else."
	"Why?"
	"It's very expensive here..." It's an exorbitant price, Lily add a sentence in her heart.
	Hearing what she said, James was in a good mood. "I'm fine. Let's go inside."
	Lily suddenly realized that she was still holding his hand. She quickly let go of his hand and followed him in.
Chapter 7 Try Shoes for Her
	When they got in, there were only a few women in uniform standing there neatly.
	"Mr. James," a woman came up and said in a low voice. Her makeup and clothes are all meticulously dressed. Lily stealthily glanced at her name tag. It turned out that she was a top-grade shopping counselor.
	"Okay. Where is Cassidy?" He stopped and looked around.
	"Cassidy is in the company now. She will appear in front of Mr. James in ten minutes."
	"Now you can take her to buy something." James looked at Lily, and there was no coldness in his eyes. "Go to the Billion Point's own counter." he added
	All the people present were shocked except Lily. As is known to all, the Billion Point's private counter has been the target of the rich and famous, unexpectedly let this person who has never been seen go to the counter directly, they cannot help but guess the identity of Lily.
	The private counter of the Billion Point. All the clothes and accessories were unique and unique in the world. Its design, materials and taste were impeccable. The rich people were crazy pursuing it. But because there were only three customers per day, this was a place even if they were rich, they couldn't buy what they wanted. The rich also show their identity by buying clothes in the private counters of the Billion Point.
	The background of the Billion Point was a little secret, but its CEO was known to all. On the one hand, James and Sean were good friends. Of course Sean would listen to his orders. On the other hand, he was a star with high social status.
	"Yes, sir. This way, please." After all, she was a professional counselor, so she quickly figured out her emotions.
	Lily didn't know what had happened, but she knew that James wouldn't be with her at this time, so she was a little disappointed.
	Seeing that Lily didn't respond to him, James walked to her and whispered in her ear, "honey, you go first. I'll come to you after I finish my work."
	Lily became shy and said in a low voice, "HMM..." Then she ran away following the counselor, but she could feel the heat in his eyes.
	After seeing Lily leave, James turned to look at the screen and said with a frown, "call Cassidy to see me." The Secretary immediately went to contact Cassidy.
	Following the counselor, Lily found that there were only a few waiters in the mall. She felt very strange and asked a counselor, "hello... um... is today a day off? There are very few people..."
	"Mr. James likes it to be quiet, so the whole shopping mall is closed." The counselor answered while walking.
	Because of him, such a big mall shut down, Lily wondered who he was. He must be rich or famous. She was surprised while worried about her future.
	Sitting in the meeting room, James slightly closed his eyes and lightly tapped the table with his fingers. The whole room was unusually quiet, and only the sound of knocking could be heard.
	Suddenly someone knocked on the door and broke the silence.
	"Come in." James still closed his eyes.
	Cassidy walked in. She was the senior secretary general of the Billion Point.
	"Yin, have you dealt with all the problems?"
	"I have finished most of my work, but..."Cassidy hesitated.
	"Don't worry. It's time to play hard with those kids who only dare to hide behind." He opened his eyes and looked at her with confidence and momentum.
	"Mr. James, is it appropriate for you to bring that girl here today..." She could feel that he was looking at her, so she stopped talking.
	"Cassidy, do you know why you can stay at the Billion Point all the time?"
	"I'm sorry, Mr. James. I have gone too far."
	"I hope you can remember that no one should intervene in what I have decided." James stood up.
	At this moment, Cassidy felt that Mr. James was more aggressive, so she stood in silence, not knowing how to answer him.
	"What's more, my identity hasn't been disclosed to the public. Sean can continue to be the CEO and our team should be more efficient. I want to be more efficient. Let's send them to Europe for a vacation after this month." After that, James strode out of the room.
	Standing alone in the meeting room for a while, Cassidy went out to rush back to the company to finish the task that James had asked her to do.
	It was the first time that Lily had come to a fancy place, and even though James had asked her to, she didn't dare try them on. The shopping consultant waited aside in a good temper.
	When James gets to where Lily is, he saw Lily with a frown, she sitting on the large sofa alone, like an abandoned puppy dog.
	"Lily" James called her name softly.
	Hearing her name, Lily suddenly raised her head, and her gloomy eyes brightened as she saw James. She stood up and quickly walked towards him.
	As a result, James was in a good mood. He wasn't as irritated as he had been a minute ago.
	"Have you chosen anything you like?"
	"Ah... Nothing... I'm sorry," Lily said and smiled sheepishly.
	Instantly, James took hold of Lily's hand and began to select clothes.
	James's hand was big and had clear joints, and it was very warm. This gave Lily a feeling of security. She didn't want to pull her hand back.
	An evil smile crept up his face. James took a white dress from the shelf and handed it to the waiting counselor. "Lily. Try it on. It matches you perfectly."
	Lily gave a look at the dress. It was simple in style and she didn't hate it. She nodded and went to the fitting room with the counselor.
	Standing outside, James continued to pick up clothes, imagining the scene of Lily wearing them.
	Lily seldom wore a dress. When she came out of the fitting room, she was a little shy, with her hands clasped tightly.
	In James' eyes, Lily was like an angel who had accidentally fallen into the world. The dress reflected Lily's waist perfectly. The hemline of the dress just reached her knee, revealing Lily's white and slender shanks. Her delicate clavicle was partly hidden and partly visible, making people want to know what it was.
	Lily had never tied her hair in order, but they were exceptionally soft and gentle. It was a different feeling to wear them on the shoulder today.
	He moved towards Lily, and it's not hard to see Lily's nervousness. He pulled back Lily's hair and said, "it's beautiful."
	Lily became shyer when he said that.
	After looking around, James pointed to a row of showcase in the distance and ordered, "go and get that pair of shoes for me."
	"Okay, wait a moment, sir." The counselor quickly walked to it.
	After the counselor brought the shoes to him, James took them over, took Lily to the sofa nearby, and let her sit down. He squatted down, intending to change her shoes.
	Lily was frightened and took her foot back. She thought it was not fit with his identity.
	"It's okay," James said, looking at Lily tenderly. It seemed that he didn't want to loosen Lily's feet. She had no choice but to be fidgeted by him.
	James took off Lily's shoes, changed into new ones and put them on. The series of movements were gentle and serious, as if it was not a foot, but a work of art.
	Lily noticed that he had picked up a pair of flat shoes, which made her feel very comfortable to wear. She remembered that she had read on a book, "a girl should take her foot seriously because it takes a long way." Would the man who was wearing shoes for her take her far away?
	As she was lost in her thought, she didn't hear what James said.
	Lily in her new shoes was like an angel. James liked the work of art very much.
	When they came, Lily had slept for a long time in the car. Now it was almost afternoon. After they selected clothes for a while, they were about to go home.
	After leaving the Billion Point, James suddenly held Lily in his arms. Lily felt very strange, but she didn't push James away.
Chapter 8 a Lot to Learn
	On their way back, James was the one who drove the car.
	Although he just simply put his hand on the steering wheel, his hands were a bit exquisite. "It's a piece of art." Lily murmured in the bottom of her heart while peeking at his hands. Then she looked down at her hands. They were not slender but were very white and smooth. The fingers were like round heads, like pearls, not delicate but lovely. They were a little rough, but not affecting the overall appearance. She nodded with satisfaction.
	James noticed her reaction, but he didn't say anything.
	Probably after what happened just now, Lily didn't think he was as unapproachable as she thought Therefore, in the car, the atmosphere was not so awkward.
	Although they didn't say anything on the way home, it seemed that the way home was not that long.
	When they finally arrived home, Lara had already prepared the dinner.
	Seeing Lara's receding figure, Lily somehow felt warm inside. It never happened in the orphanage before.
	Never.
	When the dinner was ready, Lara left the house. There were only Lily and James in the dining room.
	"Let's eat!" James picked up his bowl and chopsticks. In fact, he didn't like Chinese food very much, but because of her, Chinese food was a good choice for him.
	Lily was starving, but because James was there, she had to resist seeing the delicious food As soon as she heard what James said, Lily on the other end of the line picked up her bowl and chopsticks. Although she ate in small bites, her speed was extremely fast.
	Looking at Lily, James suddenly remembered how he had fed a pigeon in England. They had the same actions.
	Lily didn't know what was on James mind. She continued to eat.
	While watching, James felt something was wrong. Although Lily eats fast, she always eats only the two dishes in front of her, and eats very little of both.
	He frowned, and then picked up some food and put it in Lily's bowl. "Have it. It's not good for a girl to be picky about food."
	Lily raised her head and looked at James in surprise. "I'm not a picky eater," she said and then lowered her head again.
	James wasn't surprised to hear Lily's answer. His eyes darkened as he remembered those years which he had no chance to participate in.
	For those years. Fortunately, he found her.
	The dinner ended up in this episode.
	After finishing the meal, Lily went back to her room. After taking a shower, she found that it was still early. She had slept for a long time in the day, but she didn't feel sleepy at all now. So she had to lie on the bed in boredom.
	The wardrobe was filled with the clothes, pants, shoes and all kinds of accessories sent here by the Billion Point shopping mall not long ago. They were neatly arranged in the wardrobe.
	"Miss. Lillias" it was Lara outside the door.
	Lily immediately stood up to open the door. "What's up, Lara?" she asked with a smile
	"Miss. Lillias, Mr. James asked me to call you to the study." seeing Lily hastily coming to open the door, Lara smoothed her hair and said with a smile, "you should go now. Don't let Mr. James wait."
	Hearing James call her, Lily was confused, but she nodded anyway.
	In front of the study, Lily remembered what happened last night. After confirming that she had put on her shoes and clothes, she gently knocked at the door.
	"Come in." Hearing the reply, Lily thought, "he never asked who it was, but it seems that no one would come to him for something."
	Lily pushed the door and walked in. Standing very close to the door, she asked, "are you looking for me?"
	James raised his head to cast a glance at Lily. "There are so many things you need to learn."
	Lily was confused by his words. She didn't know what to say, so she stood still, without saying a word.
	"Who were you demonstrating to when you're standing so far away?" It was not until this moment that James put down the documents in his hands. "Come here," he ordered
	Lily moved a few more steps towards James. After meeting his stern eyes, she quickly stood beside him. She look like a trained primary school student.
	At the same time, James handed a stack of documents to Lily. She took it in confusion. After she read the information carefully, she finally understood what he meant. Her face turned pale from embarrassment.
	It turns out that these documents are nothing but Lily's report card of recent years.
	"Sit down," James motioned for Lily sit in the chair opposite to him.
	Lily slid into the couch and took a peek at James' face, but to her dismay, he was expressionless. She couldn't tell what he was up to.
	The atmosphere was suffocating.
	After a long time, James finally opened his mouth.
	"Don't you like studying?"
	Embarrassed, Lily answered, "No."
	"Okay. You have to study here from tomorrow on. I'll have your books delivered here." James interrupted, "I'll check it."
	Lily was surprised that he didn't ask the reason. After all, his grades, um... Almost a red light.
	"HMM... okay." Lily replied after hesitating for a while.
	"Go back." unlike last night, now James didn't even raise his head.
	Lily slowly stood up and walked to the door. Before opening the door and going out, she hesitated for a while and finally decided to speak out, "it's not that I don't like studying, it's just... I don't have a choice." Then she went out.
	A tinge of surprise flashed across James' eyes. According to Lily's personality, he had thought that Lily would only accepted it. He hadn't expected that she would explain to him.
	James didn't raise his head, but from the corner of his eye, he was able to see the hesitation and helplessness on her face.
	Perhaps it was her experiences that made her different from her peers that always left her with a sense of sadness. Since he had determined that she was his responsibility, he should be responsible for her.
	James carefully looked through the documents brought by his assistant.
	A poor family, especially after her mother's death, she had to endure the pressure. The face of Lily's mother confused James. He seemed to have seen her before, but his impression was very vague.
	On the day he brought Lily back, James didn't get out of the car, but everywhere he looked was deserted. Now, it turned out that Lily didn't receive a regular school education at all, and the so-called academic performance was meaningless. It was just that a few high-school educated villagers casually taught it.
	An idea came to his mind as James's eyes darkened.
	Back in the room, Lily was in a very mixed mood. From the report card, she recalled the lonely life in the past, and her face was serious, which was not consistent with her age.
	The night continued.
Chapter 9 Just Look Like A Fool
	As soon as the sky turned pale and soft, Lily woke up. She did not sleep well and had too many worries in her heart.
	It was early in the morning, so it was extremely quiet here, with only a few people coming in and out.
	Lily went to the balcony, looked into the distance and enjoyed the moment of peace.
	The quiet environment made Lily relaxed. Looking around, there was no people, Lily put her chin on the marble fence of the balcony. Her mouth puckered, then her hands hung; Her mouth puckered, then her legs parted, and her eyes were empty. It made Lily relaxed. But at the same time, such kind of behavior made Lily look like a foolish. so she made these movements only when no one was around.
	Huh. A chuckle came from downstairs.
	Hearing the laughter, Lily was too scared to look at who was downstairs. She just wanted to hide as soon as possible, because Lily knew that she was really silly with such kind of behavior. She ran into the room slowly and hid behind the bay window. Then she covered her chest with her hand and said, "I was so scared..."
	Then Lily heard footsteps coming from downstairs. She guessed that there must be more than one person. Lily failed to resist her curiosity. She wanted to know who saw her silly look. It was so embarrassing that Lily thought she must remember to avoid that person in the future.
	Lily slowly moved to the innermost side of the balcony. But she was afraid of being exposed, so she only poked her head out.
	Downstairs, there were only two people: James, who had a calm face, and a strange man, with a playful look on his face. The most important thing is that they all looked in the direction where she was. Apparently, they had discovered her.
	Lily blushed and rushed into the room without greeting. She climbed onto the bed and covered herself with the quilt. After a long while, a voice was heard from the quilt, "ah... It's so shameful...".It sounded as if Lily was going to cry.
	Seeing Lily fleeing into the room, the strange man asked, "is she that woman? Interesting. " Apparently, the strange man had seen the soft and foolish side of Lily.
	"Let's go." James withdrew his gaze and walked towards the car parking not far away with the strange man. James looked as calm as before, like a pool of quiet spring water.
	However, only James himself knew that the eyes of that young girl kept popping up in his mind. Before he came here, he only knew that the girl had beautiful eyes. But just now when Lily was peeping downstairs, James caught a glimpse of all the cunning, shame and anger in her eyes and the surprise when she found him.
	As soon as they got into the car, the man said all of a sudden, "James, so you treat her, huh?" He was eager to know more.
	As James was taking a rest with his eyes closed, he added, "You know, Sean, it's my responsibility." His tone was neither too cold nor too intimate.
	Sean was startled, then smiled seductively, "you've been holding on for this responsibility for so many years? Come on! "He paused and continued in a rare serious tone," if it's for what happened back then, the investigation will suffice. What do you mean by taking her home now? Bring her up? Or do you mean that... "Sean thought of the possibility and smirked.
	"Sean," James opened his eyes with cool expression in his eyes. "She saved me, and she is the witness of that incident."
	'I helped you investigate this event. Don't talk nonsense!' thought Sean, and a white eye rolled in his heart. Seeing that James was wearing an expression of abstinence, the idea that someone had a special hobby in Sean's mind was dispelled all of a sudden.
	The two in the car stopped talking, and silence returned in the car.
	It was not easy for Lily to do a good job of psychological construction. As soon as she went downstairs, she met Lara. Lara was shocked, "Wow! Lily, why do you get up so early? I haven't cooked breakfast yet. "
	Lily walked towards Lara with a soft smile. "I went to bed early at night and couldn't fall asleep in the morning. Let me help you." Then she held Lara's arm and walked into the kitchen.
	"You naughty girl!" Lara couldn't help but tap Lily's forehead gently and said with a smile, "You needn't help me, Go to the living room and sit down. I'll prepare the breakfast for you right away." Although Lara said so, she didn't push away Lily's hand.
	Watching Lara busy in the kitchen, Lily went blank for a moment. Then she remembered something and asked, "Lara, where is Mr. James? Didn't he want to have breakfast?" Lily asked deliberately, having watched James go out.
	"Mr. James has already been out for a while." Lara continued her work. "Mr. James seldom has breakfast. Alas, I don't know if he had breakfast in the company. Mr. James had a stomach problem long time ago. He was too busy to take care of his stomach. In the past, I often made soup for Mr. James but he seldom drank it. Later, Mr. James asked me to stop. All right, all right. "
	Stomach trouble. Lily recorded it silently in her heart.
	Although Lara was chatting with Lily, but Lara didn't idle her hands, and soon the breakfast was ready.
	Lily was moved when she saw the breakfast that Lara prepared, 'Lara cooked this Chinese style breakfast because of me.'
	On the table, there were many mini soupy steamed buns, a bowl of steaming porridge and a few dishes of pickles. Maybe this breakfast wasn't sumptuous, but it would take a long time and effort to make it.
	Lily took a sip of the porridge. She could feel the warmth of the porridge. She knew that even though the food here was simple, it was carefully prepared by Lara for taking care of her traditional Chinese stomach.
	After breakfast, Lily was about to go back to her room. But Bill came in and stopped her.
	"Miss Lily." Bill came in, followed by a man that Lily had never seen before.
	"Miss Lily, this is Mr. James's assistant, Zelda." Bill introduced the stranger to Lily in a soft voice.
	After Bill's introduction, Zelda went up to Lily, seeing confused expression in Lily's eyes, Zelda explained his purpose. "Hello, Miss Lily. I just bring something for you as Mr. James ordered."
	Lily saw Zelda holding a carton. Although Lily was confused, she took the carton without hesitation when she heard that it was from James.
	"Mr. James told me to bring this for Miss Lily to the study. It's heavy. I'd better bring it for you." Zelda said to Lily with a smile, full of respect in his tone.
	Lily gave in and smiled back at others' friendliness. She nodded.
	Lily went upstairs with Zelda to the study. When she opened the door, Zelda stopped.
	"Miss Lily, I can't enter Mr. James's study, so I have to send it here." Zelda smiled apologetically and put the carton in front of the study door.
	"It's okay. Thank you." Lily said in a low voice, wondering why Zelda couldn't go inside.
	"By the way, Mr. James also picked some books for Miss Lily in the MoborReader, and I will tidy them up before giving them to you. I'm leaving now. Bye, Miss Lily. " Then Zelda left.
	Seeing Bill and Zelda off, Lara was worried and didn't notice that Lily went downstairs. Lara thought she was not qualified to get involved because this was the order from James, so even though with full worries in her heart, Lara had to stop herself from going upstairs to help Lily.
	Lily felt speechless at this time. She did not expect that the carton was so heavy. She had tried her best to drag it into the study and she was too tired to move it. Lily collapsed on the floor.
	Now that it was from James, then just open it. Lily finally decided to open the carton.
	She was stunned when she opened it. The carton was so heavy, and it turned out that it was full of books inside.
	Lily picked up a book at random. It was math of the middle school. And she turned out all the books, which were almost junior high school classes. Lily thought of what James said yesterday and understood.
Chapter 10 Sleeping In The Study
	Lily took all the books in the cartons to the desk one by one.
	The desk was large. Lily put all the books in two piles and tried to occupy the desk area as little as possible.
	Lily thought 'I am adopted, so I have to study hard. Besides, James wants me to be more serious as he sent me so many books.' 'However, with so many books, which one should I start from? It seems that I don't how to study.'
	Looking at this tall mountain, Lily sighed in the bottom of her heart, and then shook her head again.
	"Well, I'll start with Chinese, which I still understand some." Lily picked up a Chinese textbook for grade one of junior school and began to read it carefully.
	As time passed, Lara waited but didn't see Lily go downstairs out of the study. She had to ask Bill.
	"Bill, what do you think Mr. James is doing? What did Zelda bring just now?" Lara pulled Bill who was going to the garden, and asked quickly.
	"I don't know. I heard from Zelda that those are books." Bill was also puzzled.
	"Books? What book? What book did Lily need? Lily is new here." Lara got even more confused.
	"Well, it's true. Mr. James has his own thoughts. As servants, we don't have to worry about that. I don't want to talk with you anymore. I'm going to loosen soil for the flowers." After that, Bill waved Lara off and strode towards the garden.
	"That's right. Mr. James must be trying to be good to Lily. I worry too much." After Bill walked away, Lara went into the building and started her work.
	If Zelda hadn't seen it personally, he wouldn't have believed that his own general manager would have such an expression. How could he describe it? Gratified? Yes, it is gratification. 'After I reported the delivery in the morning, the expression on Mr. James's face was like this.'
	"Get out." After listening to Zelda's report, James let him go out. Suddenly, James remembered something and stopped Zelda who was going out. "Cancel my schedule in the afternoon. I have something to do."
	"Ah, okay." Zelda quickly went out, concealing her astonishment.
	Zelda trotted out of the office and happened to meet a female colleague he knew. "Hello, Emily. Mr. James told me to cancel his schedule of this afternoon! I've worked for Mr. James for such a long time. It's his first time to do this."
	Emily was not surprised at all. "It's not a big deal. The whole Ling Group will be under Mr. James's control, even if James doesn't go to work." Then she left.
	Zelda, who still stayed at the same place, scratched his head and frowned, "is that so? However... But Mr. James is not like that... Fine, I'll go find someone else. "
	The little episode in the office did not cause much trouble. While James was still working in the office, only he knew what he was thinking about.
	The end of summer passed leisurely, and soon it was afternoon.
	Lara was wandering anxiously in the dining room. Dinner had been served, but there was no Lily's figure. There were several times that Lara wanted to go upstairs to call Lily, but Lara was afraid that she might disturb Lily. The lunch Lara had prepared was cold and heated up for a few times. While Lily hadn't eaten yet.
	Seeing the food heated up just now was going to be cold again, Lara decided to go upstairs and asked Lily to have dinner.
	Suddenly there was a car voice at the door. Lara hurried to the door to have a look. It turned out that James came back.
	Lara looked at the clock on the wall again. 'Mr. James came back so early, ' she thought. Lara greeted.
	After entering the door, James looked around but didn't find the person he wanted to see. Then he turned his head and looked at Lara.
	Knowing what were James's thoughts, Lara said, "Mr. James, Miss Lily hasn't been downstairs. Zelda sent a box of books to the study this morning. Miss Lily has been staying in the study since then. Miss Lily hasn't come downstairs for lunch. I'm going upstairs to call her."
	"Alright, I get it." James took a look at the dishes on the table and said, "heat up the food, I'll go call her." Then James went upstairs without taking off his coat.
	When Lara heard James's order, she finally let go of the hanging heart, and then hurriedly went to heat up the dishes.
	James went straight to the study and opened the door gently, only to find two piles of books placed on his original clean desk, but he didn't see the person who was supposed to read here. James frowned and was about to turn back to look for Lily.
	Just then, he heard steady breathing sound. There was no doubt that someone was here.
	James walked inside. When he was near the desk, he saw the girl he was looking for was sleeping soundly behind the book.
	James carefully looked at the page number of the book which was pressed under Lily's arms. He thought, she was really of a child's nature. Perhaps it was because Lily felt someone beside her, she raised her head in a daze and slightly opened her eyes. The moment she woke up, her brain was in a mess. 'Ah, I dreamed of him.' Then Lily laid down again, 'l'll sleep a little longer.'
	One, two, three... James counted in his mind.
	"Ah!" A scream sounded.
	Looking at Lily's round eyes, James thought that he just counted to three.
	"You... You... You... I... Ah! " Scared by James's sudden appearance, Lily was panic and spoke incoherently. Then she quickly stood up. Noticing that James's eyes were fixed on the book, Lily gently closed it and thought whether she drooled on the book when she fell asleep. It would be too embarrassing if she did.
	"Sleepy?" James asked an unimportant question.
	Lily looked at James and whispered, "well... a little... Ah! You let me study here last night, so..."Lily worried that James forgot what he said last night, so she quickly began to remind him.
	"Yes, go downstairs to have lunch." Not to mention that it was his own decision.
	James's reaction was out of Lily's expectation, but she was willing not to explain anything as James didn't ask. So Lily simply nodded and was going to have lunch with him. She was just hungry.
	Lily had slept on the desk for so long that her legs were numb. Just now when she hurriedly stood up, she didn't notice. Now as Lily walked out, she felt that her legs were totally numb. Lily didn't notice for a while, unexpectedly she fell down.
	Fortunately, James reacted quickly and grasped Lily's hands so that she wouldn't fall on the ground or get hurt.
	Coming to herself, Lily immediately took back her hand and looked up into the deep eyes of James. With crooked eyes and eyebrows, Lily revealed a sweet smile of a young girl. "Thank you."
	The young girl's unique and infectious smile attracted James. Then he darkened his eyes, turned his back to Lily and said, "Be careful, and go downstairs for Lunch when you get ready." After that, James walked out of the room.
	Lily held the desk and rubbed her numb legs. She pursed her lips and felt wronged. She thought that she was scared because of him. Otherwise, she would not be so careless.
	However, James's indifferent attitude did not have much influence on Lily. She rubbed her legs, and when she got used to it, she went downstairs to eat.
Chapter 11 So Kind To Her
	'It seems that I have been with James for a long time, so I won't feel uncomfortable, ' Lily thought. She was eating quietly and looking at James up and down.
	It seemed that James found Lily's looking. James looked at Lily with a frivolous expression. However, having no time to take her eyesight back, Lily blushed. She was caught peeping at that time.
	Putting down his bowl and chopsticks, James said, "come to the study after you finish eating."
	"What? Okay..." Lily quickened her pace of eating. Watching James's retreating figure, she speculated why James had asked her to the study.
	Within a few minutes, Lily went upstairs to the study. Standing outside the study, she knocked slightly.
	"Come in." James's voice sounded calmly.
	Lily pushed the door open and found that James was sitting at the desk with a Chinese text book in his hand. She was startled at the sight of the book.
	On the other hand, it seemed that James didn't notice Lily. He grabbed the phone on the table and dialed the internal line. "Bill, take the things upstairs."
	Seeing that James didn't respond to him, Lily stood still, not knowing what to do. Just when she was at a loss, Bill came up with a chair, the same as the one in the study.
	"Hello, Miss Lily." Looking at Lily standing in the study, Bill greeted respectfully, "Mr. James, I've brought the things here."
	"Put it here," James signaled Bill to put the chair next to him.
	Bill was shocked. 'Mr. James's study is not a place that people could get in and out casually. It is really surprising that Miss Lily could stay in Mr. James's study now. Moreover, Mr. James ordered me to make a same chair for Miss Lily and put the chair in the study. It seems that Mr. James really cares Miss Lily.'
	Bill's heart was full of ups and downs, but his face remained calm. He put the chair steadily next to James.
	"Mr. James, I'll leave here." Bill knew that James liked to be quiet, so he left after putting the chair down.
	James nodded and said, "come here, Lillias."
	Lily walked towards the James obediently. There were only two of them in the study. Then James called her full name again, Lily suddenly became nervous.
	Seeing Lily clenching her fists, James sighed inwardly. He said in a milder voice, "Sit here."
	Lily sat down obediently, lowering her head.
	"Lillias, tell me, what are you afraid of?" James didn't plan to beat around the bush with her. He said directly.
	Hearing what James said, Lily felt wronged. It was James who scared her, but he still asked her. Lily chose to remain silent.
	In James's view, Lily's silence was no more than a silent resistance.
	"Lillias, I don't know what's in your mind, but I take you home, I want to be responsible for you." said James. James rubbed his eyebrows and said, "What I want is not your fear and flinch. Just be yourself in this family. I will only say such words once. Do you understand?"
	Lily raised her head and had a quick glimpse of James. Then she nodded, pretending to know something.
	"Lillias, you'll grow up sooner or later." James didn't treat Lily as a fifteen years old child. Instead, James treated her as an adult.
	'James must be a serious man, but he has treated me well enough, ' Lily thought.
	"So, Lillias, you need to master all the high school knowledge in the following two months, and then go to the university after two months."
	'Finish study of the knowledge of three-years high school within two months?' Lily decided to take back the thought that he was good to her.
	Lily knew that James didn't like to be rejected, so she said yes. Before Lily could comfort herself, she heard James speak again.
	"I will check your homework every night. During this period, you should study on your own. I'll arrange a teacher for you next week." James pushed the book towards Lily.
	"What? Self-taught... You will check... Alas..." With twisted face, Lily was about to burst into tears.
	Seeing the wretched look on Lily's face, James was amused. He wondered why he had treated her in the same way as he treated an adult. Although Lily was 15 years old, she was still a child, so she put all the emotions on her face.
	As he thought of this, he softened his tone. "Carlos, don't be afraid. I'll be your side."
	Lillias took the book. Hearing what James said, Lillias stopped and said, "I see" She changed her previous depression and smiled at James, her eyes almost bent into a seam.
	"Read the book." James turned his eyes away and didn't look at Lily anymore.
	Lily started to read with her limited knowledge, she was no longer as absent-minded as herself in the morning.
	"I trust you. You should at least make a brief analysis of what you need to learn before the teacher comes here." After saying that, James went back to his bedroom. He came home early and there were still a lot of work to finish. James decided to work in his own room and leave the study to Lily.
	After watching James leave, Lily fixed her eyes on the door for a long while. She shook his head and went on reading, as if nothing had happened.
	One liked serenity and didn't talk much, the other was shy and didn't talk. It was really boring for these two people to get together. Although Lara was busy with her work downstairs, her attention was all on the two people upstairs. Seeing Bill bring the chair to her, Lara was confused.
	'Mr. James is very picky, and he is more cautious about the things he wants to use. Most of his properties are customized according to his own preferences. The chair that Bill brought upstairs is the same as the one in the study. It can be seen that it's not ordinary market procurement. It's estimated that Mr. James must have asked someone to rush it out. It seems that Mr. James has put a lot of thought into Miss Lily.'
	Lara raised her hand and took a look at upstairs. She didn't tell her real thoughts to Bill. She liked Lily, 'It's not a bad thing that Mr. James treats Lily well.'
	Lara went on with her work. When she finished, it had been a long time. Lara had been keeping an eye on the movements upstairs, and had not seen Lily come back to her room. Noticing that it was late, Lara decided to go upstairs and knock on James's door.
	Lara knocked on the door for three times gently. Before the man inside answered, she opened her mouth, "Mr. James, it's me. Lara."
	A few seconds later, the door opened from inside. "What's up?" James said with a report in his hand.
	"Mr. James, it's late now. Miss Lily hasn't been home for a long time. She isn't eager to read. What about..." Lara stopped.
	James closed the report in his hand, thought for a while, and said, "well, go get Lily back to her room. And bring her a cup of warm milk. "
	Lara nodded with a smile. "Oh, yeah. I'm going to do this right now." After saying that, Lara turned around and went to the study. After taking two steps, she turned around and said to James, who was about to close the door, "Mr. James, you are so kind to Miss Lily."
	Hearing Lara's words, James answered and stopped his hand, which was about to close the door, "Yes, I'm good to her. I should be good to her."
Chapter 12 Company In The Study
	Lily went back to her room and lay on the bed, thinking about what just happened.
	She had heard from Lara that James liked to be quiet and seldom talked, but today he had talked so much to her. Although Lily didn't like and understand what James had said at all, James was the first one to talk to her in such a tone.
	"Open the door, Lily." It was Lara.
	Lily gently opened the door and saw Lara holding a glass of milk in her hand. 'It turned out that Lara went downstairs to heat the milk after she calling me.'
	"Thank you." Lily smiled at Lara and took the milk.
	"You naughty girl, this is what Mr. James ordered me to do. And even the breakfast in the morning is also required by Mr. James. Mr. James was afraid that you would not be used to the breakfast, so he specially asked me to prepare the Chinese breakfast. Mr. James is really kind to you." Lara looked at Lily with loving eyes.
	After hearing Lara's words, Lily lowered her head thoughtfully.
	"Drink the milk and go to sleep. It will not delicious when it's cold." Lara replied, thinking that Lily was shy.
	Lily drank the milk meekly and handed the glass to Lara, watching Lara go downstairs.
	Lily closed the door and went to take a shower directly.
	After taking a shower, Lily lay down on the bed and closed her eyes. Perhaps because of the milk or because of the sense of security here, she fell asleep very soon.
	In the next few days, Lily kept what James said in her mind. She read books every day as much as she could. Although she didn't understand something, she knew a general idea about them. She didn't as ignorant as herself before.
	Lily was sure that James would hire a good teacher for her, so she didn't want to embarrass him when the teacher came.
	As a result, Lily was extraordinarily serious these days. Lily had been doing it for two reasons. One was for James, and the other was for herself.
	Because James did check her homework every night.
	It was also a point where Lily couldn't think out smoothly. 'Obviously, James knew that I almost know nothing. But he also requires that he checks the contents I have studied every day.'
	If it had been in the past, Lily wouldn't have been worried. But now, the situation was different. The person she face was James. Even though James didn't say anything, Lily dared not ignore his aura.
	At the same time, James took the book and read it quietly, as if he was not to check Lily's homework, but to study by himself. Without being disturbed, James looked calm and wise, just reading the book in his hand. James was thirty years old, but time seemed to be partial and left no trace on James's face. Lily looked at his serious expression, as if he was an innocent angel.
	Angel? The word popped out in Lily's head and startled Lily at the same time.
	She felt the natural aura of James, and she knew that James was not an active and passionate person, but it was the first time for Lily to feel that James was like a harmless angel. This kind of feeling made Lily feel novel.
	For a moment, Lily was in a daze.
	After calling Lillias without a response, James withdrew his eyes from the book and looked at Lily. James's eyes were as cold as ice. Seeing the irresistible smile on Lily's face, James finally didn't say a word to interrupt her. He just waited quietly for her to react.
	The room was in silence.
	Perhaps Lily felt something wrong, she suddenly came to her senses. Before Lily could take her eyes off James, Lily directly looked into James's eyes. All of a sudden, a blush climbed on her cheeks.
	At the sight of Lily's blushing face, James was intrigued. He wondered if all teenagers like her can't stand teasing. With no words being said, just a simple look made her face red.
	With a faint smile at the corners of his mouth, James asked seemingly casually, "what are you thinking about?" After that, James was even surprised why he asked about these small things.
	Taking a furtive glance at James, Lily mustered up her courage to answer, "I think you're like an angel."
	Angel? It was the first time that anyone had described him like this. James was amused and asked about the reason.
	Lily's girlish voice which was unique and clean echoed in the room, "because you are very kind, moreover... you look like an angel too, very clean."
	'Children's words have no taboo.' James told himself. Clean?
	A thought crossed James' mind the moment he saw Lily's eyes. Another word might describe it more appropriately, "innocent."
	"What?" Lily looked at James confusedly, tilting her head.
	"Nothing. Just read." On the other hand, James didn't continue this topic. He reached out his hand and grabbed a book to read. It seemed like nothing had happened.
	Without getting an answer, Lily didn't care. She shrugged and then lowered her head to read again.
	They just read quietly without saying a word, without feeling embarrassed. The study was full of book fragrance, so it was natural for them to get along with each other like this.
	Although they were not at the same age, they got along like friends.
	Lily had a serious look on her face, and occasionally showed some regret and confusion, as if she was struggling with the difficult problems on the book. Lily changed her facial expressions from frown to joy. It was really interesting.
	On the contrary, James was wearing an indifferent face. He only occasionally turned a few pages to show that he was reading this book, but the middle school teaching materials in his hands revealed him. Obviously, this was not comply with his identity.
	Time passed for a long time. James put down the book in his hand and he was about to go back to his room to continue his work.
	James stood up and gave a look at Lily. "Take an early rest." After saying that, James walked out without looking at Lily again. When James was about to open the door of the study, Lily stopped him.
	"Thank you."
	Hearing that, James was stunned, but he didn't stop, without giving any reply. He walked out and went back to his room.
	But his mind remained the Maiden's thank until he finished his shower and picked up the document.
	Lily stayed in the study for a while and continued to read for a while. When she found that it was late, she came back to her room and began to sort herself out, then she prepared to sleep.
	Lily opened the wardrobe and saw a variety of clothes. She felt grateful again for life and the man who was like the Savior.
	Nothing. It's good to be alive. She felt extremely happy and lucky at this moment.
	Lily fell asleep soundly with a happy mood.
	At this moment, she didn't know that tomorrow was the real nightmare for her.
	A lucky but hard nightmare.
Chapter 13 the Tutor
	The atmosphere today was a little different, but what was different? It was hard to describe.
	Or maybe Lara had a bigger smile today, or Bill went in and out more frequently today. Seeing Lara and Bill so happy, Lily was also in a good mood.
	After having breakfast, she decided to relax in the garden.
	The sun, which had shed its bitter side of summer, grew soft. As the garden was in full bloom, a breeze blew, mixed with the fragrance of flowers. Perhaps it was because of the variety of the flowers that the fragrance was not so strong but fresh.
	Lily sat down on the bench in the pavilion and looked out of the window. The past days with her mother popped into her mind.
	They also planted a lot of flowers at that time. It was not something precious. As her mother was the only one to bear the burden of life, most of them were plants, so she didn't need to take much care of them. Perhaps from that time on, Lily would know that life was not easy.
	She was gentle and grateful for everything she had now.
	She knew that all these were given to her by James, so she was particularly grateful.
	At the thought of this, Lily's eyes darkened and were full of gloom.
	A sound of a car came from a distance. Was it James coming back? Lily went out of the bower and went to the door.
	When she reached the gate, the car was already inside the villa. At the same time, a man got out of the car.
	The man wore a white shirt, and every button was buttoned carefully, matched with dark casual trousers. Such a simple dressing could become so perfect on him. He had always been wearing a warm smile on his face.
	Different from James' occasional tenderness, this man had always been gentle. His features were not as delicate as that of James, but they were still so outstanding. Plus, he was also tall as James, so he must be very eye-catching in the crowd.
	"Dad, Mom" he spoke first and his smile deepened.
	At this time, Bill and Lara who rushed over from nowhere rushed up to them, looking very excited. Standing aside, Bill patted the man on his shoulder and babbled, "it's good to see you are back."
	However, Lara was different. Although she tried her best to hold back her tears, she still shed them. She held the man's hands tightly with her hands, and when she opened her mouth again, she was too excited to make a sound. The man held Lara into his arms and comforted her in a soft voice, as if she was coaxing a child "all right, mom. I'm back now."
	Lily guessed that the man must be the son of Bill and Lara.
	At this time, the person on the driver's seat got out of the car. It was Zelda, who had been here for a few days.
	"Hello, Miss Lillias." Zelda got off the car and immediately greeted Lily.
	Hearing Zelda's voice, Bill and Lara restrained themselves and stepped aside.
	"Hello," Lily replied.
	Hearing Lily's voice, Zelda was a little embarrassed. "Oh, I almost forget my important thing, Miss Lillias. This is the teacher arranged by Mr. James. Luke is the son of Bill and Lara, who had been studying abroad before. Mr. James specially arranged Luke back, because he was afraid that Miss Lillias was unwilling to get along with strangers. "
	Lily thought, 'wasn't Luke a stranger too? What's the difference?' Although she thought so, she didn't show any expression on her face.
	After hearing Zelda's introduction, Luke smiled and walked up to Lily. "Nice to meet you, Miss Lillias. I'm Luke Li." On their way to the villa, Zelda had told him about Miss Lillias, the person who would spend the holiday together with him.
	Lily answered obediently, "Hello, I'm Lillias."
	Bill was the first one to react. "Miss Lillias, let's go in and have a chat."
	"Okay." Lily certainly agreed. She wanted to put an end to this embarrassing moment.
	"I'll go back to the company then, Miss Lillias. I need to report to Mr. James that I've managed to get Luke to the villa." Zelda glanced at Luke, who smiled at him and said nothing.
	Lily nodded and watched Zelda drive away.
	After driving for a while, Zelda dialed a number. After a few rings, the call was answered, but he did not speak. Zelda thought it was a routine and answered, "Mr. James, Luke has arrived at the villa. Miss Lillias looks normal. Should I go back to the company now or?"
	James wasn't surprised at all. After a short pause, he said, "go find Cassidy. Don't leave trace." Then he hung up the phone.
	Zelda got the message, skilled to complete James's order.
	Lily were looking at Lara kindly asking Luke. Luke replied to her one by one. They were all trifles, but he wouldn't be too impatient.
	"You've been abroad for five years. Your father and I missed you so much." The mention of this made Lara's heart ache. Tears were about to fall from her eyes again.
	Bill patted Lara's shoulder and comforted, "you kid has come back, right? He went abroad not for fun, but for his further study. Don't let Miss Lillias laugh at you. "
	Lara raised her hand and wiped off the tears on her face. "Yes, Luke is good now. Miss Lillias, I'm sorry. We haven't seen Luke for a long time."
	"No, no," Lily immediately waved her hand. Although she didn't know how to comfort Lara, she could understand such feelings.
	"Mom, since I'm back, I think I won't leave. So, we have ample time. We're not in a hurry." Luke smiled gently and patted Lara's hand. The way the father and son comfort people was exactly the same.
	"It's so nice of you not to leave. We're in A City. I don't expect you to be rich or famous. I just want you to be safe and sound." Lara looked at Luke with loving eyes, which made Lily feel especially kind.
	"I know. I came back this time not only to tutor Miss Lillias, but also to apply for a position of professor in A university. If possible, I will live in A City in the future." Luke said slowly about his return plan, as if to calm Lara down.
	Bill nodded and looked at Lily, "that's good. Leave Miss Lillias and Luke alone for a while. You go to cook. Luke came over as soon as he got off the plane. He must be hungry now." Lara then let go of Luke's hand and went to the kitchen, along with Bill.
	There was only Lily and Luke left in the living room. For a moment, no one spoke, and it was very quiet.
	Luke broke the silence first. "Miss Lillias, also please take care after."
	Embarrassed, she stammered, "no..."
	Luke said politely, but she was taken seriously. Luke was surprised. He smiled again.
	Lily's face became even redder as she saw Luke smiled. She thought that the smile on his face was so charming. If she hadn't known James first, maybe she would have been bewitched. It seemed that she had been immune to his impeccable face recently.
Chapter 14 Guidance Begins
	Thinking of James, Lily's heart sank. 'Did he say that she should go to bed early last night because her teacher is coming and she needs to take her class?' She guessed. Ah, it seemed that her nightmare was about to start.
	Her face suddenly changed.
	Luke had been paying attention to Lily. As he saw the change in Lily's face, he had guessed what was going on. Although Luke felt funny, he still tried to comfort Lily, "don't worry. I'm easy to handle."
	"What?" Lily failed to hear what Luke said.
	"I mean, don't be nervous." Luke said patiently.
	Lily lowered her head and clenched her fingers tightly, "my foundation is not very good."
	"Since Mr. James asked me to tutor Miss Lillias, he naturally trusts me, so you should trust me, shouldn't you?" Luke was a good man. He didn't say anything about Lily at all. He only asked Lily to trust him. "Maybe I can share with you some interesting things about me when I was a student, so that you won't be so unfamiliar with me."
	It turned out that Luke found out that Lily was strange to him. Even though he was so gentle. Maybe it was because of her past experience.
	"Okay." Lily knew that she would change herself after she came here. She should try to accept the teacher.
	"Then let me tell you something fun about my studying abroad, Miss Lillias." Luke began to tell her his experience in England.
	Lara, who was in the kitchen, stole a glance at the two people in the living room.
	Luke said, and occasionally added some actions to make Lily chuckle. Luke was 25 years old this year, but Lily was only 18 years old. It seemed that there was no age gap between them. They were more like schoolmates than students.
	"One more thing, my roommate got up late in the morning. I was having breakfast, he hurried out before I could say hello, and then I made breakfast for him. When I just finished cooking, he came back and asked me why. I told him that he went out before I could say happy weekend to him in the morning." Luke said and shrugged, with a helpless expression on his face.
	The relaxed environment created by Luke made Lily feel no longer as strange as before.
	They got along very well, and there was laughter from time to time in the living room.
	"Let's eat." Lara cut in.
	The family of four sat at the table to welcome Luke.
	As expected, the dishes on the table were not so rich, but they were also varied in style. It was not difficult to tell how much Lara loved Luke from the way she cooked.
	During the meal, Lara kept putting food in Luke's plate. Seeing that, Lily standing by the side sighed with emotion. She remembered her mother, who had passed away.
	Bill looked at Luke, the son of a gentle man in the past, had grown up now. After staying abroad for several years, he became gentler and gentler. Unlike Lara, Bill had high expectations of his only child. He had been taught to be a dignified man and to be grateful. Bill hoped Luke could make great achievements after he came back. As things stood, Luke lived up to his expectations.
	The dinner ended up in Lara's enthusiasm.
	After the lunch, Bill asked Luke to give guidance to Lily. He couldn't fail James' trust. Although Lara wanted to talk to Luke again, she agreed with Bill when she thought of James.
	Lily was about to take Luke to the study, but was stopped by Bill.
	"Miss Lillias, Mr. James told me to prepare a room for you. It is specifically for you to tutor. I have also transferred the books to that room you needs. Miss Lillias, please follow me. " Bill led them to a room on the second floor.
	Lily knew that James had his own rules, and she didn't ask Bill for his reason.
	After Lily entered the room, she suddenly remembered that it was not far from her room when she visited the villa last time, but she found it was a guest room when she looked around.
	But now, the room was redecorated. The first thing she saw was a huge desk, the color of which showed the strictness of its owner. There was a computer on the desk and some necessary study utensils, which were very neat and none of them are redundant.
	Besides the room, there was a tall bookshelf. Besides the books Lily was supposed to use, there were also some classics in history and some professional books. On the other side was the sofa and table. It seemed that she was in a rest area.
	"Miss Lillias," said Bill, "since we are not clear about your preferences, except for the items ordered by Mr. James, the decoration style is according to Mr. James. Because of the lack of time, the decoration is relatively simple. By the way, there is a projector here, which Miss Lillias can also use. "
	"Thank you, Bill. I like it." Lily inspected every corner of the room. It was really surprising that things turned out like this in such a short time. And she was here every day without being aware of it.
	Bill gave a rare smile and said, "it's good that Miss Lillias like it. Then I'll go out first." After that, Bill walked out. He did not exhort Luke anymore. He knew that Luke was considerate and serious.
	Luke, who had been silent since he went upstairs, fixed his eyes on his father before he returned to Lily.
	Lily came to the bookshelf and started reading one by one. When she found there were many books she had never heard of, she counted the book names carefully.
	Standing there and looking at Lily, Luke thought that this girl was really special. Luke thought that Lily's experience would lead her to look at the desk first, or to feel something else, but to his surprise, she went to the bookshelf first. But he didn't interrupt Lily due to his good education.
	After going through all the books, Lily suddenly realized that she was not the only one in the room.
	"Well... These books are very interesting. " Lily explains to Luke what she just did.
	Luke looked at the bookshelf. Interesting? Most of them are textbooks.
	"Well... Please take a seat. " Lily pointed at the chair at the desk and walked to sit. Luke also sat down opposite Lily. Lily and Luke sat opposite to each other, so that there was less embarrassment between them.
	Lily was satisfied with the way they sat. She remembered that in James' study, she and he sat side by side, but it was not too embarrassing, as if they were used to each other.
	'How wonderful it is to get along with people!' sighed Lily in her mind.
	"So, are we going to tutor Miss Lillias?" Luke said slowly, with a faint smile on his face, as he usually did.
Chapter 15 Dream
	Lily nodded. Then she stood up and went to the bookshelf to take out some books she had read before. She decided to start this long lecture.
	Lily gave the book to Luke. But Luke didn't open it and put it in front of him.
	"No matter in China or abroad, you won't be taught the first lesson on books. Most of you will introduce yourself first." With his hands spread out, Luke said, "I think we have known each other. How about this? Miss Lillias tell me your own preferences, or your favorite subjects, or your dream. What do you think? "
	like? Dream? This word was strange to Lily. She looked at Luke blankly, like an innocent baby.
	"Well, tell me first." Luke did not intend to let Lily talk about this directly. He would like to use his experience to persuade her.
	"When I was young, I dreamed of becoming a doctor. At that time, I was addicted to something that no one could see through... Cool. " Speaking of this, Luke found Lily smile on her face. "But then, by chance, I went abroad for further study. I stayed there for five years and now I'm back. I think it's a good chance for me to begin an educational career and have more freedom to do things. Besides, I believe I won't misguide the child."
	Lily chuckled. She felt relaxed after hearing what Luke said.
	Luke leaned his body forward, slightly tilted his head, and stared at Lily. "What kind of person do you want to become?"
	This seemed to confuse Lily. Looking into Luke's eyes, she said, "I want to be a doctor or nurse if possible."
	"Wow! You are an angel in white! Nice!" Luke walked back and leaned back against the chair. Then he crossed his legs and put his hands on his legs. Maybe it was because of his gentle temperament that he looked more focused. It seemed that Luke was encouraging and comforting Lily to go on talking.
	Receiving Luke's encouraging look, Lily decides to tell him the reason.
	Lily turned around and looked out of the window with her back to Luke. Although there was no balcony in this room, the floor to ceiling windows gave a wide view. From the distance of the villa, you could see the clouds floating in the clear sky and the birds occasionally. Everything was so natural.
	"Because of my mother," Lily's eyes went farther, as if she saw her through time, and said, "she is the best mother in the world. She gave me all the best things. But after she got sick, I didn't know how to take care of her. "
	The past came back to her. Lily could not help but think of the way she had stood helpless as her mother coughed violently. Her mother was so painful, but she could do nothing.
	"I know everyone has different thoughts. Many people want to be Superman to protect the earth, while I only want to help my mother wash the dishes. " Then she smiled and said, "yes, it's vulgar, but my dream is to be selfish for my mother."
	"Lily." suddenly, Luke felt that it was not proper to call her like that, so he changed the way he called her, "no, Miss Lillias, you're not selfish. Perhaps, you don't know, helping mom wash dishes is also a big project. I have never washed the dishes for my mother. You know what? I really admire you on that. "
	He knew it was only a metaphor, but Luke still made a comment on it. He was so serious that Lily couldn't ignore it.
	This kind of Luke made Lily novel.
	In the past, no one wanted to see her.
	But now, even though James treated her very well, he hadn't talked so much with her.
	She unconsciously compared James with Luke, spring and winter, which was really extreme
	The heavy topic passed in a few words from Luke. It was not difficult to find out that Luke was a very interesting person. He behaved in a polite manner and got along well with Lily. Although it was the first time that she had seen him.
	"Well, since we are tutoring high school subjects, let's talk about what subjects you like the most. Anyway, it shouldn't be the beginning today. Let's have a talk first. " Luke raised his eyebrows.
	"Favorite test? Hmm... "Lily rubbed her forehead.
	"It doesn't matter. Be bold..."
	"No, I didn't have..."
	Luke had a "how could that be? You're kidding me" look on his face. Lily was embarrassed and said, "it's true..."
	"Well, I see. But interest can be developed. We'd better not talk about it. We should relax ourselves on the first day. What do you want to hear? " Luke asked Lily.
	Lily said tentatively. "Tell me about your school? I can use it for reference."
	Luke was happy to talk about it and began to talk about his campus life.
	Since he came to the villa, he had been talking with everyone kind and friendly, regardless of his parents or Lily.
	It usually took about fifteen hours from England to A City. But the long flight didn't tire Luke.
	It seemed that he was full of energy.
	Meanwhile, another energetic man was having a meeting in his office.
	He was expressionless, looking coldly at the report in front of him. His right hand was placed on the table, lightly tapping it. Seemingly casual, but the other people in the conference room were frightened.
	They all knew that although he was only the general manager of the company, he was more intimidating than anyone else. Not only because his father is the President of the company, but also because of his aura and strength.
	He liked quiet. He seldom spoke and was expressionless. But that was why people were afraid of him. They didn't know if they made him unhappy or if they would be removed from their position or even worse.
	After everyone reported, the office was quiet. No one spoke, waiting for his declaration.
	James stopped and glanced at everyone present, still expressionless. "Don't waste my time in such a meaningless meeting." After saying that, he walked out of the office and turned his back to his colleagues.
	The rest in the meeting room looked at each other, sending a signal to each other. They were done. The next year's sales plan they made not only failed, but also displeased Mr. James.
	After leaving the meeting room, James didn't go back to his own office. Instead, he took a special elevator to the underground garage. Instead of informing the driver, he went to the garage to pick up the car and drove it away.
	Today, he was supposed to skip work and go home.
Chapter 16 Sharing a Room
	Everyone knew that James of the Ling Group was a workaholic.
	Although he had only been in Ling Group for a short time, he was very efficient at work. Many working overtime wasn't as effective as his three-hour report.
	Besides, James strictly followed the law and didn't have any bad habits as a rich man.
	But today, James drove his car away during work hours. It was surprising. But it didn't matter. After all, the company belonged to his family. He could do whatever he wanted.
	In this way, James drove back to the villa.
	As soon as he entered the villa, Bill came to open the door for James. He was very surprised that Mr. James came back home at this time. However, since Miss Lillias came home, Mr. James was more and more different from the previous one.
	Anyway, Mr. James had changed.
	As soon as James entered the villa, he got out of the car and asked Bill to park it in the garage.
	He looked up at the second floor and went in.
	As soon as he entered the house, Lara came over and said, "Mr. James, you haven't had dinner yet, right? I'll cook for you." As soon as she finished her words, she was about to go to the kitchen to prepare food for James.
	"No, thanks. Where is Miss Lillias?" James stopped her. He unbuttoned his shirt cuffs and rolled up his sleeve.
	"Miss Lillias is upstairs. Luke is helping her now. Besides, thank you for asking Luke to come back, otherwise we don't know when we will meet him. " Lara's heart ached when she thought of Luke.
	"Yes." James responded simply by nodding. Then he continued to walk upstairs.
	Looking at James' retreating figure, Lara knew how much James felt for her and how grateful she was.
	Mr. James had always been kind, just like what he had done to her family.
	After that, James went upstairs and came to the door of that room. Of course he knew it was his order.
	He stopped at the door and heard the laughter from inside.
	Lily's voice was not very loud, but it was very clear to James.
	She was smiling?
	Thinking of the past few days, James opened the door and walked in. He looked at the two people sitting inside and called out her name, "Lillias."
	Lily raised her head to look at James. She was stunned to see him, not knowing when he called her.
	Today, he wore a black shirt, showing a kind of abstinent beauty. She saw his sleeves rolled up when he entered the room, which made him less serious and more charming.
	Somehow, Lily felt that James seemed to be a little unhappy at the moment. Why? Wasn't he the one who arranged this tutor? 'this man is so weird.'.
	Luke was the first one to react. He stood up and walked towards James with a typical smile on his face.
	"Mr. James, long time no see." Luke didn't stretch out his hand, because he knew that James didn't have the habit of shaking hands with others, so he directly skipped this hypocritical ritual.
	After casting a glance at Luke, James walked over to the sofa and sat down. As he looked at Lily, he said, "you have changed a lot in the past few years."
	Lily's face was full of doubts, but Luke knew it clear in his heart. He knew what James meant. At the thought of the past, Luke lowered his head and laughed. Then he looked at James and greeted him, "brother, long time no see."
	Before James went abroad, Luke always likes to follow James around and call him "brother". At that time, Luke was still a child under age.
	At that time, although James didn't take special care of Luke, he never refused Luke to follow him.
	"Good to hear that." as he said, he looked at Luke with penetrating eyes.
	There was a knock on the door. It was Lara who brought in the tea. Luke took the tea and put it on the table beside the sofa.
	"Luke," said James, holding a cup of tea in his hand. "I'll send you to A University, so does Lillias. So, you have to take care of her for me not only today. You know, I don't trust others. "
	Lily was so flustered that she sprang to her feet and dropped the book on the table, making a loud noise. Was quite abrupt in the quiet environment.
	Luke looked back at Lily and then at James. "I will. Don't worry."
	Seeing that Lily stood up, James put down the tea cup and said, "sit."
	Lily and Luke sat down.
	"Give her some foundation recently." James had planned to tutor her, but he didn't have time. It would be good for him to find Luke. Moreover, he would get somebody to look after Lily even in A University.
	Although Lily didn't like James' arrangement very much, she knew it was for her own good.
	"Okay." Luke nodded.
	"I have arranged an apartment for you next to the A University. It's ready. Go with Lara to have a look." James raised his tea cup again.
	Luke understood that it was James who asked him and his parents to move there. Although James treated Bill and Lara very well, they were still in his home. Now he came back and could not live here, and his parents were definitely unwilling to be separated from him again.
	Suddenly, Luke asked, "brother, about the house..."
	"For them." Of course, the word "them" referred to Bill and Lara.
	Bill and Lara had been working in the Ling Group's old house, and they had watched James grow up. On the other hand, as a cold-blooded man, James was familiar with Bill and Lara, so he arranged Bill and Lara to live here after he came back from abroad.
	At the mention of Bill and Lara, Luke didn't refuse anymore. He could refuse James' offer, but he couldn't refuse his parents.
	The three of them were in the same room but talked little. James wasn't a talkative guy. If he was there, others might talk less.
	After talking a few more words to Luke, James looked at Lily.
	"Lillias, be serious." Except for her name, James only said two words, but his tone sounded like a worried father.
	However, just two words sounded that "you have to study hard and don't let me down, or you will die a miserable death." Which made Lily even more afraid.
	Luckily, Luke soon came out and told Bill and Lara about James' arrangement.
	Both Bill and Lara knew James well, so neither of them went upstairs to show their thanks. They knew that James never liked it.
	After a brief tidying up, Bill and Lara went to the place where James had arranged with Luke. James arranged for a driver to send them there.
	Lily had thought of seeing Lara off, but when she saw James' seemingly casual glance at her, she immediately dismissed the idea.
Chapter 17 the Third Room
	Even if Lily was in hindsight, she had discovered an important thing.
	After Bill and Lara left, there were only she and James left. Two of them? No, no, No. It was so terrible.
	She snuck out of the room on the second floor and sat in the dining room, pondering over the question in front of her carefully.
	A few days ago, when she and James also stayed alone in the study, the atmosphere was not bad. But at that time, Bill and Lara were also in the house. But now, only they two stayed together. Somehow, Lily was a little ill at ease.
	And, most importantly.
	Where was the dinner? If Lara was not here, the dinner would be ruined. It's okay for her to cook food. But they're just some simple dishes. Lily don't know if it's suitable for James. But how about James? 'Well, forget it. It's impossible for him to cook.'
	James had known Lily's personality well. Right now, he was sitting on the sofa, patiently waiting for her to come in.
	Within five minutes, the door was opened from the outside.
	Lily noticed that James was looking at her, but when she thought that there were only the two of them, she blushed again. She walked slowly to the place she had been sitting before and picked up a book at random, as if nothing had happened, but her eyes were peeking at James.
	As soon as she heard James stood up, Lily immediately straightened her back.
	James walked to the bookshelf and looked at it, Lily looked at the bookshelf, too.
	James pulls out a book. Lily peeks at the title.
	James sat opposite to Lily, and Lily moved the book in her hand up stealthily.
	"Hide?" As James opened the book in his hand, his voice was low as if he was mumbling to himself. Fortunately, Lily has been watching James' every move.
	She put down the book and answered with a blushing face, "No."
	"You're overreacting." James turned a page of the book in his hand.
	Lily lowered her head and took a serious look at the book in her hand. As expected, it was an opposite direction.
	Embarrassed. There were only one word in Lily's heart. She was too nervous to notice that. She slowly put down the book in her hand. She was embarrassed, but she did not admit it. "The teacher said that it can training my attention."
	"Really?" James closed the book in his hand.
	It didn't matter if she gave in now. However, living alone, Lily had never yielded to anyone, and no one coax her.
	She had no choice but to say, "yes. If we can read backwards, our eyesight will be better." As if she was telling the truth, she nodded in agreement.
	Trying hard to suppress his desire to let Lily read the book back, he put the book on the table and stood up.
	Lily stood up immediately, she didn't know why, but her instinct told her to stand up with James.
	Probably, there was a strong sense of dependence in Lily's action, which immediately pleased James.
	"Come with me." There was a slight smile on his face.
	Seeing the smile on James' face, Lily was enthralled. She thought that his smile was softer than Luke's. With that thought in mind, she followed James out of the room without hesitation.
	Before Lily came to the third floor with James, Lily had never been to the third floor of the villa. Lara told her earlier. The third floor was James' private space and was all used by him.
	As soon as they entered the first room, Lily was stunned when James opened the door.
	It's a projection room. It was a secret room, a comfortable sofa, a magnificent bar table and a large screen. Lily took a quick look at it.
	"It's too noisy outside. You can come here if you want to watch a movie." After showing Lily the room, James closed the door and walked towards the next one.
	When they came to the second room, James opened it and Lily kept staring at the room.
	What now? Entertainment Room? The room looked much larger than the previous one, but it was a little crowded because there were too many things in it. Racing cars, basketball and other kinds of video games are available here. Looking at the tall and cold man in front of her, Lily thought he would never play games.
	"I haven't used them before, but the devices here are changed every year." He answered. That was a good explanation. Lily nodded at him.
	As soon as the third room was opened, Lily was stunned by the decoration of it.
	If the previous two rooms made Lily change her attitude towards James, then this room made the image of James in Lily's heart undergone a tremendous change.
	Because the room was full of puppets! All kinds of puppets, different characters and cartoon images. "? ? ?! ! !" Looking at the cozy room, she thought of nothing but it. 'How could someone like James love dolls like a girl !'
	It was really eye opening.
	Lily stared at James with the "I didn't expect you to be such a person." look.
	"Here you are." As if he didn't know what had happened, James walked over to the bed and picked up a puppet. With a jumping tiger in his hand, he gave the puppet to Lily and said, "you have this room the next day you came here."
	Looking at the tiger in her hand, Lily had mixed feelings. 'is he trying to make it up to me? Maybe he is using another way to make it up to me?' she thought?
	Lily were indeed touching. She had forgotten that she hadn't got such a thing for so many years. When she was a child, she had been eager for such things. However, it was not easy for her mother to provide for a living. She knew well that she would not accept it. She just envied the children around her. When she grew up, she had to be strong and hide her originally soft heart. However, there was still a girlish heart deep in his heart.
	At this moment, she wanted to cry. She didn't know why James treated her so well. After all, they were just strangers. But she didn't dare to ask as she was afraid that she would expose the pink bubbles in her hands.
	Looking at the woman who lowered her head silently, James didn't say a word. His eyes were deep. Then he walked away from the bed and walked out of the room. "Let's look at the rest later."
	She gently nodded her head, not in the mood to enjoy the scenery anymore. She followed James downstairs without saying a word.
	James walked in front of her, giving her a back that seemed cold but mixed with a little tenderness. He didn't say a word. He was enjoying the moment and he heard the sound of wood stairs rubbing their shoes.
Chapter 18 He Was Cooking
	Unconsciously, James came to the first floor with Lily.
	Strangely enough, James didn't go to the living room, but went to the kitchen.
	'Was he going to cook?' Lily was curious, so she followed James to the kitchen.
	After James entered the kitchen, he glanced around the room, and then went to the counter to wash his hands. His hand was more pale than ordinary men, and the bones were clear and appropriate. It was said that a woman's hands were the second face of a woman. As for James's hands, these were better than many other women's hands.
	Under Lily's gaze, James washed his hands and dried them with tissue in the kitchen.
	Then, James opened the fridge and took a look at the ingredients. Every day, the most fresh vegetables and fruits would be sent to the villa on a regular basis. And there was never a lack of fresh fruit and vegetables in the fridge.
	'Is he inspecting the fridge?' Lily was looking at James's strange behavior.
	James took some tomatoes, chubby paste and other ingredients out of the fridge and turned around to Lily, "would you eat some with me?"
	"Sure." As soon as Lily finished saying that, she covered her mouth. 'oh my God! I answered him without thinking. Does James want to cook? Unexpectedly, he will cook? I'm not hungry! But that's the meal made by James!'
	As James went on fetching materials from the fridge, he snickered. He took out some spaghetti. It seemed that he wanted to cook it.
	"Do you need any help?" It was a great scientific discovery that Lily intended to observe it in a short distance.
	"No, thanks." However, James didn't give her a chance and refused her directly.
	Standing at the door of the kitchen, Lily watched James handling the vegetables. 'It turns out he has such a side. and he is familiar with the things at home.' She thought. Perhaps, when James was alone, he was a thoughtful boy.
	Next second, "Where is the knife?" James said. This words broke Lily's imagination.
	Lily went to help James to take out the knife. Always following Lara around the kitchen before, Lily knew the kitchen a lot.
	James took the knife, gently removed the tomato head and then put it in the sink to clean.
	Those vegetables must be very happy to be washed by such beautiful hands.
	Lily didn't go away. She stood by and stared at James. They just got along with each other quietly.
	"Ding Ding..."The phone in the living room rang. Lily answered the phone immediately.
	"Hello." Lily gently answered the phone.
	"Lily, it's me, Lara" It was Lara.
	"Hello, Lara. Have you arrived at your new home?"
	"Yes, I'm home. Oh, I just remembered that you two are home now. What about dinner. Mr. James doesn't like having dinner outside. How about I come back to cook dinner for you now? " Lara asked anxiously.
	"Don't worry. Mr. James will arrange everything." Lily didn't tell Lara the shocking news because Lily didn't want to frighten Lara. Lily cast a glance at the people in the kitchen and found that James had finished washing in such a short time.
	"No, no, I'd better come back."
	"Lara, you really don't need to come back. Today, Luke just came back, and your whole family members just got together. Don't worry about things here. Mr. James will arrange everything well." Lily comforted Lara patiently.
	Lara glanced at Luke and agreed with Lily's request. But Lara was still worried about them, she said a few words to Lily before she hung up the phone.
	By the time Lily hung up the phone, James had already cut the material. Lily immediately walked towards him and watched.
	James's movements were methodical, and every step seemed to be scheduled.
	Probably, the kitchen was the place with most human sense. Here, all the materials would become delicious dishes.
	And James, seemed to be the one most having nothing to do with earthly human.
	Now James was standing in the kitchen, doing the most common thing in the world, but he was still with an extraordinary appearance.
	Though James was otherworldly, he totally integrated with the kitchen. Maybe it was because of his skillful movements, or maybe it was because of the sleeve he pulled up.
	All in all, all the things made Lily fall into a daze. 'The conch girl of James version?'
	Lily didn't dare to utter a single word. She was afraid that she would destroy the soul communication between James and the food.
	While enjoying Lily's tender and affectionate gaze, James didn't turn his head, but focused on what he was doing.
	As time went by, James finished cooking spaghetti no matter how slowly he was.
	"Come over, Lillias." James suddenly called her name.
	So she Lily to James obediently, waiting for his arrangement.
	"Get out." After giving the two plates of spaghetti in his hand to Lily, James turned around and went to wash his hands.
	Looking at the two plates of spaghetti in her hands, Lily felt that James was too powerful. He could not only cook, but also did a good job. Although spaghetti was simple, James did it like a work of art. Lily admired and praised James in her heart.
	Lily took the spaghetti out obediently, put it on the table, set up the cutlery, and then sat in a chair waiting for James.
	After a while, James still didn't come out of the kitchen. Lily entered the kitchen and wondered if he needed any help. However, before Lily had taken a few steps, James walked out with a plate of things in his hand.
	"Let's go to eat." James passed by Lily and walked to the dining table. He put the food in his hand on Lily's seat, and then returned to his seat. He sat down, preparing to have lunch.
	Lily also sat down, looked at the dish put on her seat, It was a fruit salad.
	"Go ahead." James said.
	"Yes." Lily took a small bite of the spaghetti and found that it was quite delicious. Lily then thought of the salad. It turned out that James was just making fruit salad for her instead of coming out of the kitchen.
	James reminded her of her mother again. Her mother had cooked for her many times, putting all her love to Lily into those delicious food.
	Lily tried her best to suppress her desire to cry and ate the noodles more seriously.
	Marvelous! She wasn't hungry, but her appetite was so good. Maybe it was because the meal was so rare. She focused on eating, trying to remember every bite.
	James ate slowly, but soon lost his appetite. He put down the tableware, and watched Lily enjoying the soft food. Lily focused on her food and didn't notice that.
	After Lily finished the food, she continued to eat the salad. Strawberries, cherries... All fruit were Lily's favorite fruits, Lily ate very seriously.
	Marvelous! The people who didn't have dinner ate a little, but those who felt not hungry had a huge appetite, and almost ate up all of them.
	When Lily almost finished the salad, she finally remembered that James hadn't made any sound for a long time.
	Something was wrong! Lily quickly turned her head to look at James, while the latter was staring at the former with a playful look.
	Ah! Embarrassed again.
Chapter 19 I Will Send Milk To Her Myself
	"Ah! ! ! ! !" After taking a soft shower, Lily lay on the bed, thinking about what had happened all day. The more she thought about it, the more embarrassed she became. Finally Lily couldn't help but call out in a low voice.
	When she finished, Lily finally calmed down. She said to herself in bed, "what happened to you today? You won't behave like this all the time! But today, he is so strange." Lily glanced at tiger puppet next to her and thought of the third room where there were all puppets.
	She thought it over carefully. Since her mother died, James was the first person who was so nice to her.
	She prepared such a beautiful room for herself, a full room of puppets, an independent study environment, and what surprised her most was that he cooked for her. Perhaps, he did that not all for me, but I could feel that he treated me differently from others.
	Why?' Lily didn't know the reason.
	There was a gentle knock on the door.
	Someone was knocking at the door? 'But Lara isn't here today. No one will knock at the door. I must have misheard, ' Lily thought. Lily just ignored turned her back to the tiger puppet.
	After a while, a knock sounded on the door again. The voice was calm, indicating that the person outside was very patient.
	'Is there really someone knocking at the door?' Lily couldn't help but get up and get out of bed. When she walked to the door, she raised her voice to ask who it was. Lily walked to the door, and suddenly opened it. A tall figure stood outside the door. She was startled when she saw it clearly.
	Unexpectedly, It was James!
	"Well... Well... Well... What's up?" Lily asked incoherently as soon as she came to her senses. She looked at James in surprise.
	There was no exaggeration on James's face. Seeing that, James softened his tone, "you don't have to be so afraid of me."
	Lily awkwardly raised her hand, scratching her head, "no..."
	"Drink it." James handed her the things in his hand.
	Lily looked down and saw a glass of milk that James had handed to her. When James raised the milk, the light in the soft room just poured into the milk cup, and the milk glowed. The milk today looked more delicious than usual.
	Lily didn't take the milk, and stared at that glass of milk. 'James's hands were beautiful, so was the milk.' Lily raised her head gently and looked straight into James's steady eyes. "I don't know the reason, but I really appreciate you. Thank you for everything you have done. Thank you." Lily had been gazing at James, hoping to find any other emotions in his eyes, but to no avail.
	"Drink it." James pushed the milk a little bit to Lily's side and repeated what he had said.
	Lily nodded. This time, she didn't refuse. She took it and drank it at small gulps. However, Lily was not as calm as she appeared to be. She watched the milk being slowly drunk by herself, being afraid that she would reveal her inner emotions carelessly.
	Finally, Lily finished. James took the cup. When he saw the milk stains on Lily's lips, his heart was softened. The next second, James raised his left hand and touched Lily's hair. His eyes were full of gentleness.
	"Take your time, Lillias." After saying that, James withdrew his hand, turned around and left.
	Lily stood still.
	'just now, he touched my head? His hand touched my head?' Lily couldn't believe it.
	James was good at handling such an intimate act, but it didn't show much affection. It felt more like a comfort from an elder? Lily's heart was in a mess.
	Lily had been tossing and turning the whole night. And make dreams all night. Sometimes, it was James's gentle head-touch; Sometimes it was the milk; Sometimes it was the food that he cooked. Anyway, all dreams were related with James.
	In Lily's dream, James was gentle. Perhaps, just because he was usually too cold, the occasionally expression on his face was even more gentle and unforgettable.
	On the other side, James was reading a file in his bed. He stopped all of a sudden. He opened his left hand and stared at it intensely. It seemed that he could still feel the temperature of Lily's soft hair. He always remembered that Lara sent her a glass of warm milk every night. Therefore, Lara was not here tonight, so he warmed up the milk and sent it to Lily by himself. He was satisfied as Lily drank the soup off. He couldn't help but caress her hair.
	It seemed that James had raised a daughter. James laughed and he had been worrying about her all the time. He was more like raising a daughter.
	It was a long night.
	In the following days, Luke went to the villa every day to give Lily study guidance as James ordered. There were also Bill and Lara with him. They knew that James was used to having meals at home, so even though they had to rush back and forth every day, they wouldn't feel a little dissatisfied. Bill and Lara were very grateful for what James had done for them. As a matter of fact, they were only doing things they should do.
	Luke's guidance was not dull. He had both Chinese traditional education and open education abroad, Therefore, under the guidance, Lily felt interesting, and unconsciously indulged into the study. With the guidance of Luke, Lily had made rapid progress.
	However, there was something wrong with James these days. But it didn't seem unusual.
	In the past few days, James had breakfast at home every day. He didn't leave so early and didn't come back home very early either. He went to work on time every day. However, as soon as James came home from work, he went to the room where Lily was tutored and sat on the sofa.
	James didn't say anything. He read a book. Although he didn't disturb them, they were still awed by his aura, which made the two of them who were tutoring feel unspeakably embarrassed.
	However, every day at meal time, it was no longer James and Lily only two people, but turned into Bill, Lara, Luke, James and Lily. Suddenly turning into five people, there are some wonderful lively. Although they didn't talk much with each other, the whole restaurant was filled with the earthly atmosphere.
	Bill, Lara and Luke always left the villa after dinner. Therefore, James naturally heated up the milk and sent it to Lily every night. As time went by, Lily became accustomed to it rather than the initial surprise.
	Time could change everything, including one's initial uncomfortableness.
	Just as they were getting used to this kind of life, a mysterious man suddenly appeared in the villa and broke the peace.
Chapter 20 Someone Comes
	And today, at this very moment. James was about to get off work. Lily was listening attentively to Luke's teaching. Suddenly someone came to the villa.
	Lara led that person to the living room and handed that person a glass of juice. That person then sat quietly on the couch.
	That person was exactly Charlotte Qiao, the daughter of the Qiao Family.
	In A City, the Qiao Family had been in power. They were almost omnipotent in government. Maybe it was because each generation of the Qiao Family had government personnel, and their positions were quite high. Although the Qiao Family was powerful and influential in the government, everyone in the family was conscientious and behaved themselves. They hadn't been reported any scandal, nor had any descendants out of line. It could be said that the Qiao Family was honest and upright for generations.
	However, in the Qiao Family, there had always been more men than women. In Charlotte's generation, she had been the only daughter. Since then, everyone in the Qiao Family doted on her. Unlike other political intrigues, the political circle was very tiring. Qiao Family members didn't want Charlotte to step into the political circle, but let her focus on art. Because they doted on Charlotte.
	Though being the apple of everyone's eye, Charlotte Qiao didn't seem to be spoiled. She was gentle in character. In order to meet the requirements of the Qiao family, Charlotte was always gentle and courteous in all kinds of occasions. Over the years, she had almost become an invincible goddess in the circle, who was deeply admired by men and women.
	Now, Charlotte was sitting quietly in the living room. Although she didn't say anything, it seemed that she warmed the whole living room.
	After a short while, James came back from work. As soon as he entered the office, Charlotte came over to him.
	"James," Charlotte greeted him first.
	James nodded. He walked straight to the living room and sat on the couch. Charlotte walked over and sat beside him, keeping a comfortable distance with him.
	"James, I have something to tell you." Seeing Lara put the tea on the table, Charlotte asked.
	James picked up the tea cup and said, "go ahead."
	Charlotte took out an envelope from her bag and put it on the tea table, and said, "you'll know when you see the envelope, James."
	After putting down the tea cup and opening the envelope, James found a few photos inside, in which there were exactly him and the Lily. It was shot at the location of Billion Point that day. At that time, in case of being photographed, he had hidden Lily in the photo. Although there was Lily's face in the photo, Lily was still photographed. James put the photo in the envelope and held it in his hand instead of putting it on the tea table.
	"I've arranged someone to handle these. How did you get them?" James's tone suddenly turned colder.
	Charlotte's heart skipped a beat. Exactly as Charlotte expected, the girl in the photo was not an ordinary person. "Though you had dealt with that reporter, he had already informed the editor in chief of the newspaper. Fortunately, the editor in chief is one of my good friends, so the editor in chief sent me that photo. Besides, he promised not to post photos outside."
	Hearing Charlotte's answer, James nodded.
	"James, may I ask who the girl on the photo is?" Charlotte stared at James, trying to figure out something.
	"She means a lot to me." James picked up his tea cup, still holding the envelope.
	"Okay. By the way, James, it seems that we haven't had a gathering party for a long time... "
	While they were speaking, someone suddenly came downstairs. Charlotte turned around and saw a girl. The girl was wearing a light purple dress, with fair skin. Although her features had not yet opened, she had already developed a small and exquisite appearance.
	That girl was Lily. She happened to be thirsty. Thinking that James was off work, Lily went downstairs to drink some water. As a result, Lily found a strange woman with gentle and graceful temperament in the living room, though Lily was only looking at this woman's side face, Lily could think out how beautiful this woman was, Lily were stunned and frozen on the stairs.
	James turned his head and looked at Lily. "What are you waiting for? Come here." Lily continued to go downstairs.
	Almost at the same time when James spoke, Charlotte thought of the mysterious girl in the photo. Charlotte was sure that the girl in the photo was exactly the cute girl in front of her. Charlotte hadn't expected that she would live here like this. 'James must have treated her differently, ' she thought.
	Charlotte liked James. Her love was gentle, not boring and quiet all the time. It was not difficult to find that the girl in front of her was young, but Lily could be Charlotte's rival in love. Generally speaking, Charlotte should hate her. Even if she was in good cultivation, she might not like Lily.
	Strangely, Charlotte didn't hate her. On the contrary, she felt familiar with her. This feeling was very strange, and Charlotte couldn't understand the inexplicable familiarity.
	Lily walked near them. Knowing James's character, Lily greeted Charlotte initiatively, "hello."
	Charlotte didn't think about other things. She stood up and gently nodded to Lily, "Hello, I'm Charlotte."
	Lily didn't know what to say next. Lily stood still, at a loss.
	James glanced at Lily and asked. "Why did you come down?"
	His words immediately saved Lily. She quickly answered, "I'm thirsty. Come down to drink water."
	"You can just let Lara deliver it. There is an extension in the room."
	"No, No. I can do it by myself. I'm just going downstairs to relax my mind." After saying that, Lily looked at the expression on James' face, and then looked at Charlotte, who was staring at Lily. Lily smiled awkwardly, and went to the kitchen to look for Lara.
	After Lily left, Charlotte turned her head and asked, "is she that important person?" Her voice was trembling.
	James nodded.
	'James was unwilling to talk to me.' Suddenly, Charlotte felt jealous of that girl. It was the first time that she envied others all these years.
	"James, I'm leaving now. See you later." Charlotte asked. She was afraid that she would lose control of herself the next second, so she left quietly. Charlotte was a girl who always cried in front of others. She was weak but strong.
	When Lily came out of the kitchen, Charlotte had already left. Lily didn't know Charlotte, so she didn't pay much attention to Charlotte. Lily looked at James, wondering if he would go to the tutoring room with her.
	However, James stood up and went upstairs. Holding the glass of water, Lily also followed him. However, when James arrived at the second floor, he walked into his own room. 'It was weird because he usually went to the tutoring room.' Lily thought, she didn't go to find James. Instead, she walked into the room and continued listening to Luke's guidance.
	As soon as James entered the room, he put the envelope inside the cupboard of his office. Since he had kept it, then he would keep it forever.
Chapter 21 Preparation Before The New Semester
	With the guidance of Luke, Lily made a rapid progress. Although Lily's scores were not as good as those who had entered the college entrance examination, her foundation was not low now.
	Luke's training came to an end about a month later. After it, Luke did not come to the villa anymore, as if he was preparing for entering the A University. Bill and Lara also returned to the villa, so that Luke could prepare for his own things.
	Today, Lily was also very comfortable. Every day, she got up on time, had breakfast and then took a walk. After that, she reviewed according to the studying approach Luke had taught her. Since Bill and Lara were here, Lily had someone to talk with. It wouldn't be too boring.
	Recently, James became busy again. He went out early in the morning and came back late at night. Sometimes, when Lily got up early, she would see that James went to work. Sometimes, Lily had lied on the bed when she heard the sound of James's entering the house. James was getting busier and busier. It seemed that Lily hadn't seen him for days.
	One day, Lily spent a period of time on her study. She planned to go downstairs to see if she could do something for Lara. When Lily went downstairs, she found that James was already home, sitting on the couch in the living room.
	James heard Lily's footsteps before she went downstairs. Different from the others around him, the others were always quiet because of his identity or temper. But she was different. If James was here, she was well behaved. She would jump downstairs as long as he was not. Lily was so careful in the first few days, just like a kitten. Once she came to a new environment, she would be afraid of something even a little sound at the beginning. After getting familiar with the environment for a period of time, she would wander up and down, sometimes even would be lazy and act like a spoiled child.
	"Come here." After Lily went downstairs, James patted the seat beside him, gesturing her to sit down.
	Lily walked to him obediently, but she didn't dare to sit next to him. She took a seat near him and sat down.
	"The new semester of A University will begin tomorrow. You have to go there tomorrow. What major do you like? "
	"Ouch... I don't understand. " 'Indeed I know nothing about this. I haven't gone to high school yet. How could I know so much?' Lily thought.
	"Okay. I have selected your major. Try it first. If you don't like it, you can change your major."
	"Okay..."
	"I'll ask Zelda to prepare some necessities for you. He'll pick you up to school tomorrow and bring them all here."
	"Okay..."
	"You don't have to stay at school. I have arranged a full-time driver for you. You can go to school if you have classes,"
	"Well... Okay. "
	"Your clothes will be sent here later."
	"Mine? The clothes? "
	"Your clothes and other necessities."
	Just then, Lara walked out of the kitchen and came out with a glass of orange juice in her hand for Lily. Lara heard the conversation between James Lily. 'Mr. James treated Miss Lillias as if she was his own daughter. He always cares about her and worries about almost everything. Why did Mr. James speak so much?' Lara wondered.
	Lily took the glass of juice, waiting for James to go on.
	"I'll ask Luke to come to A University as well. If you have something urgent at school, you can go to see him. And my private number is in your phone. " James couldn't say out words of letting Lily find himself if something happened, because this is not his character.
	"Will it bother Luke too much?" Lily sipped the juice and continued, "well... If you are not very busy, can I call you? "
	When James turned his head, he saw Lily looking at him. Her eyes were as bright as stars in the night sky, full of expectation and caution.
	In Lily's realization, James was usually cold and indifferent, while Luke was always gentle and intimate. But comparing them, Lily was more willing to rely on James. Instinct told her that she should believe in James. So she asked carefully, praying in her heart that James wouldn't refuse.
	Looking at the pair of eyes, a thought came to James's mind. However, he concealed his expression and said in a low voice, "yes."
	These simple two characters only had nine strokes. but it was like in a quiet night, suddenly someone launched a bunch of fireworks. The fireworks were beautiful and colorful, as if time were always fixed at this moment.
	Lily's eyebrows became a crescent moon, and a pair of beautiful eyes were hidden underneath them.
	"Mr. James, Miss Lillias, please enjoy your meal." Lara sneaked a look at James and Lily. A bright smile spread over Lily's pretty face. Although there was no expression on James' face, Lara could tell from his expression that James was in a good mood after working for him for so many years.
	After that, James stood up and walked to the dining room.
	James sat down and saw Lara walking out. He thought for a while and said, "let's eat together. Lillias will go to school tomorrow. Take it as a celebration for her."
	Lara was shocked by what James said. At ordinary times, it was she and Bill who had dinner in the small room. Although James treated them well, but master and servant were in different class, they had to abide by the duty of servant. Today, James really shocked Lara.
	Then, James, Lily, Bill and Lara were having lunch in the restaurant.
	Lara had expected that Lily would go to school tomorrow, so she had prepared sumptuous food. After getting along with Lily for a period of time, Lara figured out Lily's taste, and made the dishes in accordance with Lily's taste.
	Although they were celebrating Lily's tomorrow's new semester, they still ate quietly.
	After meal, according to James's arrangement, clothes, jewelry and so on were sent to the villa. The clothes that Lily had worn and Lily didn't like were all cleaned out from the wardrobe. Whether it was James's order or the men present had thought about it, they had even brought the disinfected bras. The size and style of them were all liked by Lily. When they were tidying up, Lily watched them and suddenly blushed.
	At night, after taking a soft shower, Lily felt a little excited and couldn't fall asleep at the thought of becoming a college student tomorrow. She got up and opened the wardrobe, seeing that it was full of clothes. They were simple and low-key, but Lily could tell they were unusual at first sight.
	Thinking of that, Lily felt grateful for life again.
	She was going to be a university student tomorrow and she could make a lot of friends and join many social organizations. She could be more independent. She believed that she would become an outstanding college student.
	At this moment, James was also thinking about whether he should drive Lily to the new school tomorrow or not. Thinking of what had happened in the team during the day, he rubbed his eyebrows, and his heart was filled with vexation.
	Anyway, the next day came.
Chapter 22 New Semester
	Early that morning, Zelda drove to pick up Lily. Lily also got up early to tidy up. Lily had wanted to thank James before Lara told her that James had left for the company.
	After having the breakfast, Lily got on the car in the gaze of Bill and Lara. As soon as she got into the car, Zelda began to tell her the spirits of James.
	"Miss Lillias, I'm driving you to the school today, we'll mainly get familiar with the campus. I'll drive around the campus with you, and then bring you the books. I'll took the books for you at that time, It would have to be reported, but Mr. James has already arranged it. The luggage next to you is filled with the supplies that Mr. James asked me to prepare for you. You can open it now. " Zelda kept talking without stopping.
	Lily digested what Zelda said one sentence by one sentence. After Lily figured it out, she opened the carton beside her, which was filled with all kinds of identification, tools, and a mobile phone. She took out the mobile phone, showed it to Zelda and asked, "Is this for me?"
	Zelda glanced at her through the rearview mirror, and said, "It's for you, of course. Mr. James picked it in person. Mr. James had saved his private number in it."
	'It turned out that what he had promised me yesterday was true.' Lily suddenly became very happy.
	She unlocked her phone and began to play with the new one, like an Internet addicted girl.
	Zelda was a good driver and the car was running smoothly. Lily couldn't feel the passage of time. They arrived at the school in a short time.
	Under Zelda's reminder, while the car has not yet entered the school gate, Lily raised her head to watch.
	The reason why A University was yearned for by countless people was not because it required high scores, not because that it had the most excellent teachers in the country, not because that it had many great figures out of a university, but because that as long as A University was mentioned, everyone could feel the momentum and charm of that famous school, as if as long as someone had a relationship with a university, their own taste would improve a lot.
	Students of A University all had such an idea.
	'A University is lucky to have you; it's lucky for you to study in A University.'
	Zelda kept driving at a slow speed. He slowly introduced the building, scenery and leisure area to Lily. Zelda must have finished his work beforehand. Otherwise, How could Zelda remember everything of A University which would have taken people several hours to drive? He even didn't make any mistake.
	When they arrived at a building, Zelda stopped the car. "Miss Lillias, I'm going to fetch your books. You can sit in the car and don't need to get off. I'll be back soon." After that, Zelda got off the car and trotted into the building.
	Sitting in the car, Lily observed the outside through the window. She liked them all the way here. She was very happy at the thought that she was already a member of this shop.
	While Lily was looking around, she suddenly found that a girl with a book in her arms passed by their car. Several books dropped from her hands. The situation was very troubling, because there were too many books left. If this girl picked them up now, she had to put books in her hands on the ground, and she might not be able to carry them again. If she didn't pick them up, these books might have been taken away before she could come back.
	Lily saw the girl's embarrassment in the car. Thinking about it, Lily opened the door and got off to help her.
	"Damn it, who scare me?" The girl didn't expect that someone would come out of the car. She was shocked and threw all the books in her hands directly. She groaned loudly.
	Lily chuckled. It was the first time that she had seen someone so cute.
	Seeing Lily's smile, the girl scratched her head in embarrassment. "Um... That's the normal reaction. "
	'Who would have such a normal reaction!' She thought of what the girl had just said, and the girl with short hair, she thought she was also a forthright person.
	"Let me help you." Lily squatted down to pick up those books.
	The girl was stunned for a second and then grinned, showing her white teeth, and said, "thank you." Then the girl spread out his hands. Considering her own height and short Lily, she lowered a little.
	Lily picked up a few books and put them in the girl's hand. In a short while, Lily had finished picking all the books. The books were piled up on the girl's hands. Thinking about how heavy they were, Lily said, "do you need my help?"
	The girl froze and said with white teeth, "no need. It was just a mistake."
	Lily looked at that girl from head to toe. The girl was very tall, more than 1.7 meters high. Lily with height less than 1.6 meters looked like a little child when she was standing in front of the girl. The girl's appearance was not outstanding, but she had thick eyebrows and big eyes. Her face was square and a strong sense of righteousness was revealed from her brows.
	There was no reason for Lily to like this girl.
	"Thanks, classmates. I have to go now. See you again." The girl raised her eyebrows and left right after thanks. The girl was really busy, or Lily would definitely hold the little fairy in front of her. She really belonged to beauty Association.
	Watching the girl leave, Lily thought she hadn't asked the girl's name yet. 'If fate permitted, I will see the girl again.'
	After the girl left, Zelda took the carton downstairs and walked towards Lily. Before Zelda walked near, he asked, "Miss Lillias, why did you come down? It's really hot outside. Let's get in the car. " Zelda walked over and put the carton on the ground. Zelda then opened the door for Lily. After Lily got on the car, he put the carton on the co-pilot seat and drove away.
	"Miss Lillias, the school is going to start the military training tomorrow. Mr. James said that he wanted to follow Miss Lillias's willing. If Miss Lillias didn't want to go, I would handle this affair. What do you think, Miss Lillias? " Zelda looked at Lily's face.
	Military training? It suddenly occurred to Lily that she had searched interesting things about the University at home several days ago. After hearing a lot of funny things about the training, she was more interested in it, so naturally she had to go.
	"I'll do it." Lily smiled at Zelda.
	Looking at Lily, Zelda felt sorry for her. Zelda had thought that many people would figure out a way to give up the military training. But since Mr. James had said that Zelda could not interfere with Miss Lillias's judgment, Zelda had to keep silent.
	Lily returned home and immersed in elegant beauty of A University, with a small excitement before military training. She sorted out her belongings and hummed a song happily. 'In this way, I become a college student and begin to experience the military training and make a few friends. It is said that the military instructors are very handsome, but after I see James, other men can't get into my eyes.'
	Lily was really happy tonight, although she didn't see James and couldn't share her joy with him.
	This joy lasted till the arrival of the military training.
Chapter 23 Starting The Military Training
	"The real warrior, dare to face the bleak life and dare to face the dripping blood."
	Under the blazing sun, Lily take her own military training clothing, there is no reason for her to think of Mr. Lu's words.
	James had arranged her to major in economics and management. There were many girls in the major, but they were too soft and introverted in front of strangers. As a result, they would still stay soft in front of their partners.
	Lily got her own military training clothes. Like everyone, Lily sat on the playground and listened to the lectures of leaders and instructors.
	This training would last for fifteen days. All the students should live in the same dormitory during the fifteen days. After dividing the teams, all the staff were led to their own dormitory by the drillmasters. Without any partner, Lily was left at the end of the team.
	When the Lily arrived at the dormitory, she found that there was no position left except a position in the corner of the dormitory. She walked over silently and put her belongings there. Sitting on the bed, she was in a daze. The excitement of last night seemed to disappear with the arrival of the military training, and now Lily was full of loneliness.
	Lily didn't worry about the tough living environment at all. After all, she had a much harder life than this before. However, she was afraid of being alone and no one talked to her. Thinking of this, Lily couldn't help but burst into tears.
	Luckily, the instructors came over and told everyone to have lunch. Then Lily immediately calmed down and went out with them.
	After they got to the canteen, they waited in line to pick up food. Lily lined up quietly. Being compared with the hot chatting around Lily, her low pressure was eye-catching.
	The people around who were discussing the stars they like, the instructors who led the team, or the handsome seniors Lily met yesterday, there was no one for Lily to chat with. Lily dared not interrupt and also didn't have topics to talk. Lily stood straight and felt depressed, thinking that her self-introduction might be useless which she had prepared for a long time last night.
	After taking the meal, Lily found a quiet corner and sat down, intending to eat quietly. The combination of tomato and eggs and boiled cabbage didn't seem to give much appetite, and at present Lily had only a small appetite.
	After taking a first bite.
	'Oh, I missed Lara. The dishes Lara cooked were always so delicious.'
	After another bite.
	'Oh, I missed James. Even though he doesn't talk to me, he accompanies me to have meals.'
	After taking the third bite.
	'Forget it! Forget it!' Lily accelerated her eating speed, 'I have no choice, it's all my choice.' 'It was not good for me to cry now.' Lily poked at the rice in the plate to vent her dissatisfaction.
	In fact, many people around had been keeping an eye on Lily.
	It was the first day of the military training. All the people, except the ones who were extremely excited about the training, wore their own clothes and so did Lily. Lily's clothes were picked and sorted by professional personnel, which were naturally suitable for Lily and reflected all of Lily's highlights, but the clothes were also low-key at the same time.
	In addition, Lily's faces were as white as snow, fresh and lovely as well as a little girl's trouble. Lily pouted her lips due to agitation. In addition, her girlish shyness was impressive.
	Girls stared at Lily and studied her clothes. Some of them had good taste and knew Lily's clothes were not ordinary luxury at a glance. Then, they began to guess Lily's identity.
	Boys stared at the Lily. They were all attracted by Lily's cute and excellent appearance, but they didn't dare to talk to Lily because they thought they would defile the cute fairy if they talk to her, so they would rather stay away from her.
	Lily had her lunch without even tasting it. Then she went back to her dormitory and changed his military uniform. She took a nap according to the officer's arrangement.
	It was the first day that the military training hadn't been officially started yet, so they could move freely in the afternoon.
	Lily had been lying on the bed for the whole afternoon and the evening. It was better for her to lie down than to wander around.
	The bed was hard, and not as comfortable as that at home. It seemed that Lily was used to drinking the milk before she went to sleep. Now the milk disappeared. Lily was not used to it. Lily's bed was in the corner where mosquitoes were rampant. In addition, it was sweltering. In short, all the reasons added up caused Lily tossing and turning and could not fall asleep.
	She thought about her "home" where she didn't stay for a long time but had strong affection. She missed intimate Bill and Lara, and she missed James. Looking at the girls around her, Lily found that they were talking about the military training in excitement. They were in groups of three or five.
	Lily were envious. They seemed to have gotten used to the life there and soon had made friends. 'Would it be different if I was braver?' However, Lily was afraid that when she accepted others in earnest, they would reject her directly. She preferred to curl up because of fright.
	Like James, he was absent-minded in his office and restless at home. The villa had been a little vigorous when they had been soft hearted, but now no one had made a faint sound when they went to school.
	'I like empty nester.' James couldn't help but smile when he realized it.
	Although Lillias was 18 years old now, in James' eyes, she was just like a common child. 'Lillias wanted to experience the military training. Lillias was childish. Am I as childish as her?'
	James was a little regretful. He regretted giving Lily freedom like this. James wanted her to grow up and become independent, as long as she was always under his control. In addition to a shelter, James wanted to give her a world. In this world, she could learn to speak slowly and walk slowly. As long as he was here, he would provide her with the best protection.
	And Lillias was good enough for all of these.
	James had stayed at home for a long time and couldn't fall asleep. He was a light sleeper. But today, he was tossing and turning because he was worried about Lillias.
	One decision was made in James' mind.
Chapter 24 He Comes to See Her
	Entering the real military training, Lily realized that yesterday's grievance was nothing at all.
	She got up early. Lily always got up early, so she got up as soon as the bell rang. After she quickly washed her face and rinsed her mouth, she went to the playground with her classmates and stood in line.
	The instructor said that they should have meals after running. Lily tried to comfort herself and strove to keep up with the line and keep herself in line. She kept thinking that she would have the dinner cooked by Lara soon.
	The whole day's training required her to stand at attention in the sun and do some simple moves. The drillmaster asked all the students to be united, and if one of them didn't pass the test, he would punish them all. Everyone complained one after another.
	As a result, Lily was still alone all day long. She trained quietly, ate quietly and took a nap silently. Seeing that the people around her kept laughing, Lily felt a little uncomfortable.
	In the evening, the instructors asked all of them to sit in line on the track field. First, the General Commander of the military training program, and then each company began to learn military songs.
	When everyone had sat down, the conductor came to the rostrum. All eyes were on the rostrum.
	"Who is Lillias Ling?" When he got the microphone, the first thing he needed to do was to find Lily.
	When the other students heard this, they began to talk about who was Lillias and why he looked for her. For a moment, the matter was hotly debated in all the track field.
	Hearing the commander's words, but not sure he was looking for her, Lillias did not stand up. The people around her didn't know her, so no one called her.
	"Where is Lillias? Where is Lillias? " The commander asked again in a tone of impatience and even some respect, after having a glance at the whole audience.
	Lily thought, he should be calling me. She stood up slowly.
	"Wow! Who is she?" " Is she Lillias? Who is Lillias?" "That was the silent student in our class The crowd started to whisper among themselves.
	Seeing the girl standing up, the instructors of the company immediately walked over and asked her to step out of the office. The girl was pushed to the stage.
	Seeing that Lily came over, the chief commander walked down the stage and respectfully saluted her. In Lily's flustered eyes, he said, "Miss Lillias, our chief wants to see you. Please follow me." The commander was confused.
	In the afternoon, a call from the army base, saying that he wanted to find a girl named Lillias Ling in the new recruits. Generally speaking, they were not qualified to receive calls from the army base when they were in charge of the training. But as a soldier, he must obey the orders and he did not dare to ask the reason. He just found her and took her to somewhere according to the order.
	Lily followed the guide. She was completely confused and dared not to ask. She wondered if she should be role-centered because she didn't get along with others.
	Standing in front of a building, the commander left Lily alone and went back to the stage to continue the process.
	She stood in front of the building and looked around, but saw nobody.
	"Miss Lillias!" Someone shouted in surprise, Lily looked back. It was Zelda!
	"Why are you here?" It was the first time Lily had seen a familiar person in the past two days. She was thrilled and excited.
	"I'm waiting for you here, Mr. James is inside. Please come in." As soon as Zelda finished speaking, he went inside with Lily, didn't give her time to response.
	'James?' He was inside? Lily didn't think too much before she was brought in by Zelda.
	At the first sight of James, Lily's tears could no longer be held back. Whether Zelda saw it or not, her tears fell. In fact, Zelda had already gone out.
	As for James, he saw Lily. They hadn't seen each other for only two days, but she was thinner and darker. The training uniform was big, so Lily looked more fragile. Seeing the dark circles under Lily's eyes, James' heart skipped a beat. It hurt.
	He quickly walked over and stood in front of her, silently, waiting for Lily to calm down.
	Seeing him, Lily couldn't help crying. Seeing that he didn't say anything, she wondered if she had annoyed him. Gradually, she held back her tears, only taking a slight sob.
	"Did you have lunch seriously?"
	"Yes..."
	"Then why are you so thin?"
	"I am not thin at all..."
	"So that's what the military training taught you?"
	"No, I didn't mean that..."
	"Do you still need the military training?"
	"I can't give up halfway..."
	James sighed and caressed Lily's hair with his left hand. He never gave up easily, and he never allowed people around him to do so. But when he saw Lily who made his heart ache, he wanted to take her home right now, and never stop.
	"Lillias, go home now. No one dares to blame you." James said softly.
	Lily also wanted to go home. When she went back to a comfortable bed, she could see Bill and Lara, and James. However, it was her own choice. She knew what kind of person James was. Since she was Lillias now, she couldn't let others look down upon her. She had to make it.
	At the thought of this, Lily gently shook her head.
	James put his hand down and looked at Lily.
	"I can do it." Lily assured James, as if she was encouraging herself.
	"All right." James compromised.
	Both of them sat down in a chair. James knew that there would be no training at this time, so he told Lily to have a rest.
	"The commander just said the army base, I didn't know what is it. I thought I would be given psychological guidance."
	"Yes, I arranged it." James could have shown up on his own, but for the sake of Lily, he decided not to show up to prevent gossip.
	"I learned standing at attention today." Lily said while raising her eyebrows, as if she was presenting a treasure to James.
	Seeing the tears on Lily's tender face, James' heart was softened again.
	James didn't reply, Lily didn't care. She kept talking about what happened around her today. She wanted to talk too much. She hadn't spoken a word for two days. This was too uncomfortable.
	Seeing Lily's lips opening and closing as she spoke, James furrowed his brows. He probably guessed the reason.
	After a while, Lily finished talking about what was going on around her, and they fell silent.
	Without Lily's words, the room was silent. They didn't feel embarrassed and just sat there quietly.
	Time passed by quickly and it was time for Lily to go back to her dormitory. James drops Lily off at the dormitory. Seeing that more and more people were looking curiously at them, he was about to leave.
	"If you want to go home, just let that person tell me and I'll pick you up." Before leaving, James told Lily, and watched her go upstairs. Watching the petite girl walking out of his sight, James began to fret.
	When did the atmosphere between them begin to change? She had no idea.
	James was Lily's spiritual pillar. After meeting him, she didn't suffer as much as before.
	Everyone in the dormitory wanted to ask about the identity of the man who had just talked to Lily. He must be a man of noble birth. They all wanted to know, but they were not familiar with Lily, so they didn't say anything.
	The night was still sultry, but Lily slept very soundly.
Chapter 25 Quincy
	Late at night, James came back to the villa, reeking of alcohol.
	Lara had never seen James like that before. Although he looked as cold and smart as usual. However, the strong smell of alcohol all over his body meant that he was not as usual.
	'It must be Lily, ' Lara thought. Lily had gone to the army base for training these days. The villa, full of life these days at finally returned to its usual silence.
	As soon as James entered, he walked into the living room and sat on the couch. The alcohol made him close his eyes and rub his temples.
	Lara made some tea and put it on the table in a low voice.
	"Mr. James, I guess you miss Miss Lillias," Lara sighed. "We miss Miss Lillias too. I wonder how she is doing these days..."
	As James stopped massaging his temples and kept his eyes closed, he said, "don't worry..."
	"Alas..."Lara swallowed back the words on the tip of her tongue. She wanted to ask James to go to the school, but she was not in the position to get involved.
	"Go to sleep," James interrupted.
	After Lara left, James didn't drink the sober up tea. He just stared at the steam steaming on the tea cup, which looked wisps.
	He was not a heavy drinker. What he needed is to be sober and calm all the time. But since he saw Lily today, he became upset. He even desperately asked Sean to drink with him.
	Lying on the couch, James didn't move for a long time.
	The peace of the day replaced the silence of the night.
	Instead of being upset, Lily seemed to be full of energy after meeting James. The whole morning was full of energy training. Maybe it was because she felt relaxed, Lily felt the morning training particularly relaxed.
	In fact, the instructors of the company were very shrewd. When he saw the chief commander looking for Lillias last night and heard that it was an order from the military, he thought that this person must be from a powerful background and wouldn't be an ordinary person. Therefore, he led the team to a tree lined place during the training, reduced the volume of the training, and naturally, Lily felt relaxed.
	With the whistle ringing, the training in the morning had ended.
	After they came to the dining hall, Lily they lined up to have lunch.
	She ate alone again. After Lily took the food, she consciously went to a corner and began to eat quietly.
	"Hello!" Someone suddenly sat in front of Lily.
	Lily looked up at the girl. The girl looked familiar, but she couldn't remember who she was.
	"Ah! It's you! I felt a little familiar when I saw you last night. It turned out that I did know you. " The girl grinned, showing her white teeth.
	The moment she saw the huge mouth with white teeth, she suddenly remembered that the person was the girl who dropped the book on the ground that day. "Nice to meet you again." Lily responded with a kind smile.
	The girl raised her eyebrows and said, "it's fate. Thank you that day."
	"It's okay," Seeing the girl so cheerful, Lily was envious of her.
	"Ah, I have something to tell you. I will treat you a big meal after the military training. By the way, my name is Quincy Tong. What's your name? I didn't hear it clearly last night. " The girl opened her eyes wide and asked sincerely.
	"My name is Lillias Ling." Lily murmured the girl's name in her heart.
	"Wow, are you from A City? Your name sounds like a girl's. " Another grin.
	Lily just smiled, without saying a word.
	Her smile looked like a little fairy to Quincy.
	Quincy was from the north and had a bold character. Her family consist of many men and few women, so even though she was a girl, her name showed that she was raised by her parents as a boy.
	"It's so beautiful when you smile." Quincy was straightforward and blurted out what was on her mind.
	Lily changed the topic immediately because of shyness. Seeing that Quincy had not taken any food, she asked, "don't you have lunch?"
	"I've already finished eating. I ran very fast. By the time you arrive, I've already finished." Said Quincy. She couldn't help feeling complacent when thinking of the boys who stayed behind her.
	Quincy's face was full of pride like a child, Lily thought she is very cute.
	Then she seemed to remember something and asked, "what's your major?"
	"Economics and management, what about you?"
	"Damn it! Me too. What a coincidence!" Quincy was so happy that she almost stood up and slapped on the table.
	Lily was happy when she heard that Quincy was the same major as hers. They learned the same major, which meant they might be able to have classes together in the future.
	"I'm in the first class. What about you?"
	"Damn it! Me too! "
	It seemed that they could really learn together. Lily was so happy.
	Seeing that Lily hadn't moved her chopsticks for a long time, Quincy hastily said, "eating first."
	Then Lily continued eating, while Quincy muttered to herself, "ha. Be reasonable. We are destined to meet. We could skip classes together, no... We could have classes together."
	'Skip classes?' Lily nearly choked on the rice, but Quincy immediately changed her words.
	The Quincy talked to herself for a while. After finishing the meal, she dragged up Lily and strolled in the campus under the scorching sun. She named it "familiar with the environment.".
	Although Lily didn't know much about Quincy, she liked her straightforward character, so she didn't ask her to stop. As she liked Lily, Quincy was particularly enthusiastic.
	They got along very well.
	Although Quincy and Lily were in the same class and the same major, they was in different squads and dormitory.
	However, Quincy still loved Lily. Even though there was a distance between their dormitory, Quincy almost stayed in Lily's dorm for all the time except necessary time.
	Seeing Lily alone, Quincy decided to accompany Lily all the time in the future.
	Seeing how thin Lily is, Quincy gives Lily all the snacks she brought from home.
	If it weren't for the military discipline, Quincy would have let Lily sleep on her bed. Although she couldn't, but Quincy would concentrate on helping Lily hit the mosquitoes.
	Seeing Quincy bumped into the bed while hitting a mosquito, Lily was deeply moved. In a hurry, Lily massaged Quincy's head and asked, "does it hurt? Please don't pat it again."
	Seeing the anxious expression on Lily's face, Quincy grinned. "It's not a big deal. My head is really hard. You should ask the bed if it hurts... "
	The smile on Quincy's face reminded Lily of James. Just like James, Quincy didn't expect anything from Lily. Then Lily continued massaging Quincy's head and said in the same tone as her, "the bed is so painful. Did a stone hit me just now?"
	"My head is even more powerful than a stone... "With a complacent look on her face, Quincy, even her eyes looked as cute as a child's.
Chapter 26 a Very Important Person to Me
	During these days, Quincy had been building a good relationship with the other girls in the Lily's dorm, giving them snacks and helping them with some little things. As time goes by the other girls in the dorm had been changing their attitude towards Lily.
	A girl named Clair suddenly said, "Lillias, who sent you back that day! The one downstairs! "
	An atmosphere of curiosity spread, and everyone else in the dormitory lowered their voice with a tacit understanding. They pricked up their ears to listen to Lily's reply.
	Quincy was confused. "Which man? Why didn't I know? I've been with Lillias. Don't talk nonsense. "
	Clair seemed to have a breakthrough. She rushed to Quincy and said, "it's the first day of the military training and the second day after we live here. The chief commander looked for Lillias that day. She didn't go to sing the military song. When we finished, a man came here to send her back. He is so handsome! "
	Upon hearing that, the other girl in the dorm chimed in, "no, it's not true. You can't describe him as handsome. He is an angel from the heaven."
	Her name was Amy, a fan of the antiques. She likes reading ancient novels and collecting all kinds of antiques.
	Amy continued, "in the novel, he must be the most handsome prince or a debonair kung fu master."
	Amy said irrelevant, but there is one thing that she is right about him.
	"What?" Clair was a little dissatisfied that Amy interrupted her and grumbled in a low voice, "let's listen to Lillias." Then she looked at Lily.
	Lily knew that they were talking about James. But by instinct, she didn't want to tell them, and she didn't know how to refuse them. Thus, she fell into silence for a while.
	Seeing that Lily didn't want to talk about James, Quincy quickly said, "Hey, you girls, look at such a handsome person, I can't believe that you still think of others. It really hurts me."
	However, Clair didn't give up and insisted, "it's different... You are the prince charming, but he is a stranger to us. Don't you want to tell me about that, Lillias?" Clair suddenly began to query Lily.
	Before Lily answered, another girl said, "Lily is unhappy. Don't be ungrateful."
	"What do you mean, Anne?" Clair stood up abruptly.
	It had to be admitted that Anne was a good person for stirring up trouble. Her words sounded like she was blaming Clair, but in fact, she was pushing Lily towards the edge of the storm.
	"I don't have any other meanings. I'm not Lillias." Anne wasn't afraid of Clair. She didn't even look back when she saw her anger.
	After hearing Anne's words, Clair turned to look at Lillias with a meaningful look.
	The atmosphere in the dormitory was frozen. Neither of them wanted to talk. "He is just very important to me. He is not as outstanding as you said... He is just a common person... "
	The liar had to take one thousand needles, and Lily had to take one more.
	"An important person? Your boyfriend? " Clair determined to get to the bottom of the matter.
	"Ouch... No, it's not like that... "Boy friend?! Lily dared not even think of it and waved her hand.
	"Your brother? Your friends? Or... "Clair continued to ask.
	"What the hell... Why do you have so many questions! Ten thousand questions! Masterpieces! " Quincy, with good-natured, was impatient. Looking at others keep asking Lily, she also felt uncomfortable.
	Clair had never seen Quincy like this, so she was scared. She pouted and turned away, saying, "It's none of your business! Humph! "
	Seeing that Quincy had a conflict with her classmate, Lily felt sorry for her at once.
	Now that it was time for her to move freely, Lily pulled Quincy up and went out.
	Later, they went to the supermarket of the campus and bought two ice cream cones with Lily's campus card. They sat on a bench outside the supermarket and held an ice cream cone in each hand.
	They ate the ice cream cone, totally ignoring other people's opinions.
	"Thank you." Then Lily added in her heart, 'I'm too coward.'
	"It's not a big deal... But what's wrong with girls these days? Of course you are different. What's wrong with their brain? They are either anthomaniac or insane. " Quincy shouted angrily.
	"They are just curious."
	"No, no, No. they are not curious if they have malice!"
	"Well... "Lily stammered.
	"But Clair is just a talker. As for Anne, I don't think she is a good girl. By the way, I feel that she looks like someone." Quincy was lost in thought.
	"Oh, by the way, I'll go to your dormitory to see you later." Lily thought that she would not live in a formal dormitory after the training. Besides, she was not on the same class with them and might not see them again in the future. However, Quincy was different. She had to live in the dormitory. In order to avoid unnecessary trouble in the future, Lily decided to cut off the source of the trouble.
	"Wow! Our dormitory is pretty good. You can have whatever you like when you go there! Yes, yes, we can sing! " Thinking that Lily could go to her dormitory, Quincy was extremely happy.
	"That's a deal! Cheers! " Lily then used the same way as Quincy and made a toast with her ice cream cone.
	"Cheers!"
	After the ice cream cone, Quincy took Lily to the basketball court. She was a basketball fan.
	Coincidentally, there was no one playing basketball today, so they had to go back to the dormitory now.
	On the way, Lily was chatting with Quincy. But Lily was surprised to hear that Quincy was not as enthusiastic as she usually was
	"Ah! I remember it.! !" "I remember who she are! ! Yes, yes. She is like madam Rong. She's spiritless. "
	"? ? ?" Lily asked in confusion.
	"It's Anne!" I told you that she looked like someone! It was madam Rong! what the hell! Withered! " Quincy shouted angrily.
	Thinking of who madam Rong was, Lily couldn't help but feel funny. She had the same idea as Quincy.
	It had to be said that Quincy was frank and not fussy with others. Although she had a male character, she was also clear about the girl's temperament.
	Anne was just like a piece of white paper which seemed harmless. People even thought she was flawless. However, the more flawless the paper was, the sharper its edge was. When someone touched it, she would slash your finger hard without your knowing it.
	That kind of person was the most terrifying.
	After being familiar with Lily, Quincy thought that she was her bodyguard, so she could not let madam Rong prick Lily's finger.
	They walked together, the height difference is nearly 15 centimeters, but did not hinder their friendship.
Chapter 27 Illness
	It was only five days before the training was over when Lily's menstruation came suddenly.
	Luckily, she had prepared for it so that she didn't feel embarrassed. However, since Lily had never been taken good care of in her menstrual period, she suffered a lot of pain.
	In Lily's period, she was often in a low mood and had no appetite. Quincy saw her expression and immediately filled a bottle of hot water, and put it on Lily's stomach. She even wanted to ask for Lily's leave from the drillmaster, but Lily didn't allow her to do that.
	Lily knew that if she asked for leave, the other several roommates wouldn't like her. Besides, girls were all likely to suffer from dysmenorrhea this time, which was not a serious matter. She wouldn't ask for leave easily.
	Looking at Lily's face turning pale and her lips bloodless, Quincy was worried, but she could do nothing.
	A City was like a child's face. The weather was fine in the morning but cloudy in the afternoon.
	In the afternoon, the instructors required them to learn a hand language training. They were in sport field.
	Lily tried her best to live up to her classmates' expectations.
	All of a sudden, bean sized raindrops fell on the ground and brought a gust of wind, blowing away the sultry air. The rain seems to be fierce.
	Although the instructors had taken measures to assemble and withdraw the dormitory immediately, everyone was wet in the rain. After hearing the complaints of the students, the rain became more fierce.
	Lily was no exception, her clothes and hair were all wet. Her immunity had become worse because of her menstrual period, and now her face was even paler.
	Following the companies, they finally returned to their dormitory. She saw Quincy standing there waiting for her.
	"What are you doing? Dry yourself quickly!" Passing the towel in her hand to Lily, Quincy handed her the hot water bag and said, "The hot water bag is not easy to find. I packed it and brought it to you. You go in and change the wet clothes. I'm going to buy the medicine now. It won't be fine if you get a cold."
	Lily took the towel and the hot water bag and looked at them. With tears in her eyes, she said softly, "thank you."
	Quincy didn't find anything wrong with Lily, and was in a hurry to go to the pharmacy. She waved her hand while walking forward, "it's not a big deal..."
	Quincy had a boyish character, but was very considerate. Perhaps she had saved the whole universe, so there was such a good person to be her friend.
	Watching Quincy hurrying away, Lily finally took a towel to wipe her wet hair.
	When the door was opened, a few other girls had changed their clothes. Some of them were extremely arrogant. They gave a snort of contempt and didn't respond to Lily.
	Lily knew that they didn't like her, but she didn't say anything. She dried her hair and put on the clothes that James had prepared for her. Then she sat on the edge of the bed, waiting for the return of Quincy.
	But the other three girls in the dormitory had their own ideas.
	At ordinary times, Lily had the tenderness of a woman from the south of the Yangtze river. Her features were small and exquisite, and she was already a little cute even though she didn't grow up yet. Especially her eyes were as deep as stars. They were deep and colorful when she smiled, and her eyes were curved and pleasant. They were a little jealous. But now, because of her menstrual period, her face was paler, and her eyebrows and eyes were morbid. But even in this situation Lily was not embarrassing but also beautiful.
	Jealousy would burn people to ashes.
	Especially for Clair, she felt that Lily made her lose face last time and wished that Lily was sick. She sat at her chair and began to take care of her skin, but her eyes were always on Lily.
	If Lily's beauty lit up the anger in their hearts, then her clothes seemed to pour oil on it.
	Clair is so proud because she is the only daughter of a rich family. She is always coaxed by others. Clair frowned as she saw that Lily changed her own clothes. Clair thought Lily's clothes were expensive.
	It was a simple white dress with handmade embroidery on the neckline and hemline. This dress was picked up by James at the Billion Point's counter. It was worth a lot.
	Clair got so angry that her cosmetics made a big noise.
	The other girls in the dormitory were all busy with their own things. Maybe they were just like Clair, peeping at Lily, but they didn't show their emotion on their faces. But Lily didn't notice them at all. She was focused on waiting for Quincy.
	A few moments later, Quincy came, with a hot momentum in her hand, urging Lily to drink it. In Lily's dorm, Quincy didn't dare to say anything. After she had drunk it, she was relieved.
	"Have you drunk it?" Lily looked at Quincy and felt a little worried.
	"It doesn't matter... I'm fine! " Quincy grinned.
	"No, you also need to take medicine. If you don't drink, I'll be very angry!" She pretended to be angry.
	"Okay, okay, I'll drink it when I get back." Quincy pretended to be impatient and laughed. "By the way, you can lie down for a while. We don't have any training, so many people go out to play. You can sleep for a while."
	Lily nodded. She felt a headache, so she took some medicine and went to sleep. "Well, then you go back to take medicine. After you take the medicine, you can also sleep. When we wake up in the afternoon, let's have dinner together."
	Quincy grinned and agreed to Lily's request. She didn't stay any longer. Seeing that Lily had fallen asleep, she also went back.
	Quincy returned to her dormitory and ordered her roommates to take the medicine. She drank some hot water. In fact, she hated to take medicine, she usually tried not to take medicine.
	After watching two movies, Quincy took a look at her watch. Thinking that Lily might be able to wake up from a dream, she decided to wait for her in her dormitory. However, the woman she waited for didn't come. As a result, she ran to Lily's dorm.
	As soon as she arrived there, she found Lily didn't get up. When she approached, she found something wrong.
	Lily's face was abnormally flushed. Although she covered herself with the quilt, her lips were as pale as she had walked around in the winter. Quincy touched Lily's forehead, and her forehead was burning. She was frightened.
	'Lily has a fever!' she thought!
	Quincy quickly judged the news. She tried to calm herself down and quickly made a judgment. Then she rushed out to find the instructors, who notified the teacher and brought a doctor.
	After the doctor came, he gave Lily an emergency treatment to reduce her fever, but since Lily was too weak, he had to send her to the hospital immediately. If the fever couldn't be brought down, it was likely that she would suffer from pneumonia, or even more serious. They couldn't delay it.
	The teacher immediately dialed Lily's family number.
Chapter 28 He Came To Pick Her Up
	In less than thirty minutes, a black car stopped directly downstairs the girls' dorm.
	One person got out of the car with a black umbrella. It was James! He was giving off the smell of danger.
	In fact, Lily's counselor had a call to the villa. As soon as Lara knew it, Lara called James in a hurry. Lara thought, 'If I don't tell James about Lily's disease, nobody can bear the responsibility if Lily's disease turn more severe.'
	As soon as James got out of the car, he directly walked towards the girls' dorm. He had already known Lily's dorm number. When James was about to get into the dorm, the dorm keeper came out and said, "who is it? Men are not allowed to go in the girls' dorm."
	James cast a sharp glance at her.
	The dorm keeper was frightened by such a look and said, "Then go downstairs quickly. You don't look like a bad guy."
	Unlike bad guys? Now, James was like a devil from the hell. And the charm that inspires this demon was Lillias. If something happened to Lillias, none of the people related to Lillias could escape.
	James went straight upstairs to Lillias's dorm, followed by Zelda. James was no longer calm as he used to be.
	When James arrived, the counselor and instructor were all standing outside the dorm, waiting for him.
	The young counselor saw James and was attracted by his appearance and temperament. She tidied up her hair, walked up to him and reached out her hand. "Hello, I'm Lillias's counselor. Are you her guardian?"
	"Where is Lillias?" James ignored the counselor and didn't even want to give her a look. James's tone was cold.
	"We have asked the school doctor to give an emergency treatment to Lillias. Don't worry." The counselor took her hand back. She knew men like this must be arrogant. She didn't worry about it as Lillias was here.
	After a while, James pushed the door open and walked into Lily's dorm, avoiding the tutors and instructors.
	As soon as James entered the room, he saw her Lily's roommates were all busy with their own things. 'Good, very good.' James sneered.
	James barged in. Because a doctor had come to treat Lily, which made other girls impatient. Now James went in and inspired some people's emotions.
	Clair was the first one who opened her mouth, "who! Why didn't you knock! Fretful!" When Clair turned around and saw a man, she covered her mouth immediately as she remembered who he was.
	James didn't have the time to argue with those girls, and he was only worried about Lily. James walked to the bed in a hurry and put his hand on Lillias's forehead. He even ignored Quincy who had been guarding Lily at the bedside. Fortunately, the school doctor came just now. After emergency treatment, Lily's forehead was not so hot, but her temperature was still higher than normal, and her face was still unusually red.
	"Alas... Who are you? Who permit you put your hands on Lillias's forehead." Speaking of this, Quincy stood up. Although her height was a little short in front of James, she deliberately ignored the strong aura around him. Quincy thought that even though her body was not powerful enough but her spirit should be powerful. Because she want to protect Lillias well.
	It was not until then that James saw Quincy next to him. During the past few days, a man arranged by James in A University had reported to James that Lily always walked together with the northern girl whose name was Quincy. James had investigated Quincy. She looked like a boy and was from the north. No matter what her family background was, she was sincere to Lily and sometimes even protected Lily, so James didn't intend to offend Quincy.
	"Her family member." James briefly replied to Quincy.
	After hearing James's answer, Quincy moved aside and made room for James. "Take Lillias to the hospital quickly now. She has a severe fever."
	On hearing that, James immediately took off his suit jacket. Then he quickly removed Lily's quilt and wrapped Lily with his coat which still remained his body temperature. After tidying up, James held Lily in his arms.
	Looking at Lily's morbid pale and dried lips, James couldn't help blaming himself. He had allowed her to go back to the military training, which would have never happened, but he had witnessed it with his own eyes.
	With Lily in his arms, James didn't stay any longer.
	Clair plucked up her courage and stood in front of James, thinking that it was just a cold and wouldn't hurt Lillias. She must take this opportunity to know this man who looked unusual.
	"Go away." Before Clair could finish her sentence, James interrupted her. James looked a little impatient and disgusted. It seemed that even a word spoken to Clair would make James sick. Indeed, Clair was not qualified to talk to him.
	Clair was furious, but she was afraid after seeing his eyes. She knew that this man was very dangerous.
	Holding Lily in his arms, James walked out of the dormitory building in a short time. When James came out, it was still raining, and Zelda followed him. Hurriedly, Zelda held the umbrella opened the door of car for James.
	After James and Lily were well settled, Zelda got on the car and drove away.
	The car went out of the school gate. Zelda carefully looked at the two people in the back seat.
	James held Lily in his arms all the time. Lily was so small that she huddled in James's arms when she was sick. Feeling the temperature in his chest, Lily came closer, like a kitten searching warmth.
	Seeing the muddy water on James's pants and feet, Zelda recalled that James had always been careful, neat and calm. In the past, even if his clothes were stained with water, he would immediately change his clothes, let alone such muddy water.
	Looking at Lily in James's arms, Zelda didn't dare to ask more. Zelda thought it might be the legendary love? ? ? 'well... what am I liking a dog sigh about.'
	"Is David here?" James suddenly asked, interrupting Zelda's imagination of a dog.
	"Yes, the villa is ready."
	"Hurry up!" James urged.
	Zelda sped up and drove to the villa.
	Looking at Lily in his arms, James felt a heartache for her as he didn't feel the weight of the person in his arms when he took her down.
	James covered Lily's feet with his big hands to prevent them from exposing in the air. Feeling the warmth, Lily let out a whine. James held her tighter and gave her warmth with his body.
	The car drove very fast. With Lily in his arms, James thought of the last time when they were in the same car, she was still a little resistant and vigilant. But now, she relied on him so much, which made him particularly satisfied and gratified. It would be better if Lily didn't get sick.
Chapter 29 Taking Care Of Her
	As they finally arrived at the villa, James entered the villa, still holding Lily in his arms. Lily was still sleeping.
	As soon as James entered the living room, he saw David waiting there.
	"Let's go upstairs." James signaled for David to go upstairs. Then he turned to Lara and said, "Lara, please cook some porridge for us."
	"Okay, okay, I'll do it right now." Seeing Lily in James's arms, Lara's heart ached. Lara had been worried since she called in the afternoon. Seeing Lily suffer so severe sickness, Lara felt sad and hurried to the kitchen to cook porridge.
	James went upstairs, holding Lily in his arms, and David followed James closely. Both of them walked heavy steps.
	As they entered Lily's room, James put Lily on the bed and tucked her in. His movements were soft.
	Leaving the warm embrace of James made Lily groan. She frowned and stretched out her hand from the quilt, trying to grab James's hand. Seeing Lily like this, James remained calm and forced her hand back. He knew that Lily's most needing thing was treatment at this moment.
	Putting away Lily, James glanced at David and beckoned him to come up.
	Knowing James's meaning, David walked up to his medicine box and took out a thermometer to measure Lily's body temperature. Then he observed all the symptoms of Lily. During the examination, James stood aside and looked at her.
	Under the pressure of James, David finished the examination. "Nothing serious. Let's go out to have a talk." Putting away the medical kit, David went out with James.
	When getting out of Lily's room and closing the door, David noticed the mud on James's trousers. Thinking that James would have such an embarrassing side, David asked, "Is she that person?"
	James didn't say anything, neither did he refute. It seemed that David was right. David said in his heart, 'No wonder.'
	"She's fine. The fever is reducing. I'll prescribe some medicine for her. When she wakes up, she can eat something first and then drink some medicine." Knowing that James wouldn't answer, David continued, "she is in poor health and she has got a fever this time. Because she is weak of immunity during her menstrual period. It seems that she got a fever just because she got wet in the rain."
	"Okay." James replied.
	With a look at James, David added, "You should take care of yourself too. Have you sufferd from your old disease? You are already thirty years old. Go and change your clothes. Take a shower before she gets better. Don't make yourself sick. I don't want to come here all the time."
	As long as David was with James, David will automatically add the nanny attribute. David can't figure out the reason. When he first knew James, James was just like a cold man. When David thought of their first meeting, several years had passed in a flash. Time was wasted. David sighed.
	"Go back," James tried to make his tone not so stiff, but the tone was too strong which seemed that James was expelling David.
	Three minutes later, Lara saw furious David coming down the stairs. She ran to him immediately and asked, "David, is Miss Lillias all right?"
	David still showed respect to dutiful Lara, "that's all right. By the way, please make some ginger soup for Mr. James. He got wet in the rain today." Although David was in a rage, when he saw that James's back was wet from head to foot, David had to take care of it. David comforted himself that he would still have to face him if James got sick.
	After instructing others, David left. Zelda stood at the door and waited to send him to the hospital. After all, David was not an ordinary doctor.
	After sending David away, Lara remembered what David had told her, and quickly went to make ginger soup for Mr. James.
	The man cared by David was now staying in Lily's room. After feeling Lily's forehead with his hand, James sat at Lily's bedside. After sitting for a while, James found that his trousers and legs were covered with mud. He thought for a while and decided to go back to his room to take a shower and change his clothes. He didn't want Lily to see his embarrassing aspect.
	After James's bath, Lara served porridge and ginger soup.
	James took the porridge, but didn't take the ginger soup. Seeing his expression, Lara didn't say anything more. She silently watched him entering Lily's room, and then went downstairs.
	'Mr. James cared about Lily's things, but he seldom cared about his own things.' Lara sighed.
	After entering Lily's room, James put the porridge aside and sat on the edge of the bed, looking at Lily. James was tortured a lot by such a little girl. Actually, he was quite busy these days in the company, but he missed her so much. when James heard information about Lily from his subordinate, James wanted to see her.
	The girl in front of him was lying quietly in bed with a serene face. If others saw her, they would think that she was just asleep.
	James guarded Lily all the time, he had gone to the bathroom and fetched a hot towel to wipe Lily's face and hands.
	James had been being cared by others from his childhood, and he had never taken care of anyone else. However, now, because of Lily, James did something that he would never do before. If this scene was seen by others, they would be really shocked.
	Wiped by hot towel, Lily felt comfortable and slept more soundly.
	James had been waiting for Lily to wake up aside. But Lily was still sleeping when the porridge turned cold. Yet, James insisted on guarding Lily without complaint.
	Lily didn't know how long she had been sleeping. She said softly and quietly that she wanted to drink water. Her voice was a little weak and tired. It seemed that she was still sleeping. James asked Lara to send him the warm water. He sat on the bed and helped Lily sit up. James let Lily leaned against him and put the glass beside her mouth.
	Lily's fever turned her into particularly thirsty. Although she had not yet woken up, she drank it as soon as she felt the water beside her mouth. The water was warm, which was soft for Lily to drink. She drank it with quickly, and soon the cup was drunk up.
	After drinking the water, Lily lied down on the bed again and James tucked her in. When she breathed evenly, James sat down by the bed.
	One of them was sitting quietly, and the other was asleep quietly. There was no sound, but Lily's light and even breathing.
	Lily wasn't at home in the past few days. Every night when James came back, he would come to Lily's room to have a look, as if Lily was still there. How to describe this feeling? Just like his daughter had left him, he was worried about her all the time.
	In the afternoon, Lara called James. In fact, James was also a little nervous when he heard Lara's anxious voice. The moment he saw real Lily when he got to school, James was mad and furious. He felt angry about himself who let her attend the military training.
	Sitting there, James had mixed feelings.
	He had been sitting by her bed since midnight, worrying that she would wake up.
Chapter 30 Went To The Kitchen For Her Again
	In a hazy moment, Lily felt as if she had walked a long way. The road was sparsely populated and even the air was cold.
	Looking around, Lily felt a little scared. She wanted to scream, but she couldn't. She wanted to run, but her legs were weak. She wanted to hide, but it seemed that someone had been watching her all the time.
	Until a pair of warm and gentle hands appeared.
	As soon as the hands appeared, Lily felt that she was redeemed. Redemption? The phrase sounded like someone else. Who was this person? The owner of these hands? Lily's head began to ache. That person touched her forehead gently. The pain was gone and Lily finally had a comfortable sleep.
	Time passed quietly. Her fever was down and she began to wake up slowly.
	Lily opened her eyes slowly. She didn't know why she felt so tired. After trying to concentrate, she turned her head and saw a person sitting by the bed. They just looked at each other silently.
	"Ah, I am dreaming." Lily closed her eyes to relieve the fatigue of the eyes.
	"What did you dream of?" James's voice was full of love.
	"I dreamed of you." Lily responded. After a moment of silence, she suddenly opened her eyes and looked at the man by the bed, "you? ? ? You! ! ! Ah! ! !"
	The person in front of James was surprised, with her eyes wide open. It seemed that she was no longer sick and pale as before. At the moment, she was lively and vivid. At last, the gloom on James's face was replaced by a light smile and a relaxed look as if he had just breathed a sigh of relief.
	"Not tired?"
	"What? Tired... "Lily then realized that she just had backache and strengthless. She lay down on the bed again and asked, "well, what's this? Ah! My room."
	"Thank god you recognized it." James joked with her in a good mood again.
	"Thank you." Lily said with a smile as she knew that James had brought her back.
	"Aren't you hungry?" James changed the topic.
	At the right time, Lily's stomach started to groan, and the sound was so loud that it could even be heard through the quilt. As Lily complained about her stomach, she blushed and explained, "well...i feel a little hungry... I haven't had lunch."
	"Have a rest and wait for me for a while." Hearing her "protest", James revealed a faint smile, and his eyes were full of gentleness. He stood up and tucked the quilt for her. Then he took the cold porridge by the bed. Without saying a word, he went downstairs.
	Lily tenderly lay in bed and closed her eyes.
	James walked downstairs at a brisk pace.
	Going downstairs, James headed straight to the kitchen. At the sight of the scene, he wanted to laugh. He had bought this villa for a long time, but he hadn't been to the kitchen for several times. Except today, he also came in last time when he cooked for her and the soft food. It seemed that Lily was an accident of him.
	James shook his head and wondered since when he had become so emotional.
	He opened the refrigerator and took out many ingredients. Step by step, he began to cook.
	Hearing the noise, Lara got up and walked into the kitchen. Seeing that James was cooking, she was scared. She wanted to scream, but on second thought, she realized Lily was ill and said in a low voice, "Mr. James! What are you doing! "
	At the sight of Lara, James didn't stop his work. "Cook for Miss Lillias," he said.
	"Miss Lillias is awake! How can you do this, Mr. James? Let me do it. " Then, Lara was going to wear an apron.
	"No need. I'll take care of her." James refused bluntly.
	Looking at the cold porridge in the sink, Lara immediately knew what was going on. 'Mr. James cares about Miss Lillias very much. Miss Lillias haven't been at home for several days, and I could see Mr. James's unhappiness. Miss Lillias finally comes back, but she comes back because she is sick. How could Mr. James let other person do this. It was okay that Miss Lillias didn't wake up in the afternoon. Now that she is awake, Mr. James is reasonably doing so.'
	Seeing that James wasn't very skillful at the cooking, Lara was suddenly moved. She couldn't imagine how well Mr. James treated Miss Lillias. 'Mr. James doesn't lack money. If Mr. James gives money to others, he doesn't treat them well, but if Mr. James really takes someone in person, there are not many people in the world.'
	Lara put down her apron silently and didn't interrupt James, she walked into her room and made no noise anymore.
	It was quiet at night.
	In silence, James was cooking vegetable porridge in the kitchen. As he watched the white mist floating in front of him, he thought a lot. He had no way to treat the Lily badly. She was his responsibility. And now, it seemed that she was a big accident.
	Finally, a bowl of porridge with bright color was ready carefully by James.
	By the time James entered Lily's room again, Lily had already fallen asleep. He didn't mean to wake her up because the porridge was still very hot.
	James sat down and stirred the spoon to make the porridge cool down more quickly.
	It was not James who woke her up, but the fragrance of the food instead. Perhaps Lily was really hungry, she woke up as she smelled her food. When she woke up, James had already cooled the porridge down.
	They were no longer estranged. As soon as Lily took the bowl, she began to eat it without hesitation.
	The porridge was just right hot. Lily tasted it tenderly and carefully. Every bite seemed to be exquisite. There was tenderness and sweetness of white rice, the flavor of vegetables, and a little salt. They were so delicious. Originally, Lily was supposed to lose her appetite because she was sick. However, at this moment, her appetite had been stimulated a lot because of the porridge cooked by James.
	Seeing that Lily ate happily, James was relieved.
	After the porridge was finished, James advised her to take the medicine left by David.
	Lily took the pills. Just as she was about to lie down, she suddenly realized that she was in special period. She wanted to go to the bathroom, but she was afraid that she couldn't go because of James. So she didn't know if she should lie or sit.
	Noticing that the Lily's eyebrows furrowed, James had guessed the reason. He stood up, without saying any more words, and he looked at Lily again. Then, he left the room.
	"Good night." Before James closed the door, he added in a worried tone.
	As soon as James left, Lily get up quickly and go to the bathroom to solve her special problems. She felt sticky because her body was sweating. She then took a hot bath, and went back to bed.
	Lily had a sense of relaxation which she hadn't had for a long time, and soon fell asleep on the comfortable bed.
	In her dream, there were no more demons, and on all of the roads, someone cut thorns for her.
Chapter 31 Medicinal Dishes
	This night was the best night for Lily to sleep so well during such a long time. There was no waste of a second. Every time point was comfortable.
	After spending a long time in the military training, Lily was exhausted. Moreover, she couldn't have a good rest. What was worse, she caught a cold and had a fever. She slept for so long that she almost woke up naturally.
	Lily gently opened her eyes and found that it was already sunshine in the room. Without time to praise the vitality of the sunshine, she was scared and quickly sat up. After she saw clearly the decoration in the room, she realized that she was not at school, nor did she have to get up early for training.
	"So I have come back." Lily then lay down. When she came back, she could have dinner with him. That was great. 'wait! Him? Have a dinner?'
	She threw back the covers like a rabbit that jumped up. Without even putting on her shoes, she opened the door and ran out. Coincidentally, as soon as she opened the door, she saw the person she wanted to see most. Her beautiful mood became even brighter now.
	"Good morning!" Lily tried to make herself look natural.
	James nodded. Seeing her bright smile, he decided not to tell her the truth that it was already eleven o'clock. She lowered her head again to check if she was wearing shoes? She was not afraid of catching a cold again!
	'She wear no shoes? Huh? " As James said, he walked over to Lily, with a dangerous aura around him.
	Lily immediately thought of that night. She turned around and ran back to the room while saying, "I'll wear my shoes... I'll wear my shoes... I'll be there soon."
	Lily spoke with such a loud voice, and it seemed that everything was all right. James thought he'd better ask Zelda not to pick up David. She'd better have a good rest at home.
	Lily went back to her room, put on her shoes, changed her clothes, washed her face and rinsed her mouth. She then saw her reflection in the mirror. Although her face was not quite good, her eyes were full of vigor and vitality. She smiled at herself in the mirror.
	Lily gently cleaned herself up and opened the door again. When she saw that James was still standing at the place where he had been just now, she was stunned for a while, and then smiled, "ha-ha." She looked a little silly when she smiled.
	"Go downstairs to have dinner." When James turned around, he couldn't help but smile.
	Lily followed James at a brisk pace obediently.
	"Lara!" When Lily went downstairs, she called Lara in a sweet voice. She missed Lara so much. Lara treated Lily as if Lily was her own child, which made Lily feel warm and sweet.
	"Miss Lillias!" Lara came quickly, touched Lily's face and hands, and the tears would come out. "You look thinner. Why did you get sick? Don't worry. I'll cook delicious food for you." Lara had been missing Lily very much since Lily left. She had been worried about Lily. Now Lily was sick, and Lara felt sad.
	"It's okay. I'm fine now. I miss you so much. You know what? Every night, I couldn't fall asleep because I missed the dishes you made," Looking at the tears that were about to fall from Lara's eyes, Lily immediately comforted her.
	"You child!" Lara said as if she had forgotten about James for a long time. She gave him a glance and said, "Mr. James, let's eat."
	James nodded and led Lily to the dining room. Lara had gone out to look for Bill as well.
	Lily was very happy when it came to eating. Dinner, in most cases, was not just a necessary thing to live, but more like a comfort. Beautiful food would blow up in her mouth when it met taste buds, and then they would become cute stars in the brain. It was of course the meaning of eating.
	However, as a foodie, Lily furrowed her eyebrows after taking the first bite.
	What? incorrect.
	'Maybe I'm holding the spoon in the wrong position.' Lily frowned as she was trying a second spoonful.
	If it weren't James here, Lily would have learned Quincy's tone and said in an exaggerated way, "What's the hell?! Who oppose my dog's meal and mine? But I don't have a dog. "
	Lily frowned and looked at the soup in front of her. Yes, it was exactly the same as before. And smelled again. Ah! Sure enough, he did not do anything wrong with his taste bud. This soup really had a faint smell of Chinese medicine!
	"? ? ?" Looking at James gently, Lily found it difficult to resist her doubt.
	"The dishes that I let Lara prepared for you are used with gentle herbs to strengthen your body." James was eating calmly.
	"Then why don't you eat the same?" Lily wouldn't refuse James's concern, but she noticed that there was no such soup in front of him! Only she was drinking this weird soup!
	"I'm not sick." James replied lightly.
	Lily didn't ask him about that anymore. Now she felt like she and James were a family. She accepted the fact that James treated her well, and she was also working hard.
	It was a custom that no one talked while eating. James and Lily ate quietly beside the table.
	There were only a few days left before the military training was over. James asked the Lily to rest at home, and he would arrange things in the school. Although Lily missed her friend Quincy and felt a little regretful that she hadn't taken part in the military training show, after learning James's arrangement, she knew that he would not do wrong things for her.
	In these days, Lily had spent all the time in the study of James, reading the books that she hadn't comprehended. Sometimes, Lily went to the third floor to see a movie. It took her a whole afternoon to choose a movie. Sometimes, Lily went downstairs only when James came back.
	She had her dinner with James. It would have been a beautiful scene if he hadn't been watching her eating the medicinal dishes.
	After finishing the delicious food cooked by Lara, Lily slept for a while. She couldn't resist the temptation of going to school. She knew that after the military training show this morning, the whole school had a holiday and Quincy was not a local, so he would not go to school to accompany her.
	James nodded in agreement after the discussion, but that was a requirement that his driver should pick her up every night. Lily agreed happily.
	Lily sat on her bed, thinking about what she should bring. It seemed that she just went out for fun. But she wanted to stay with Quincy and thanked her for Quincy's staying with her these days.
	She had learned to make some cakes from Lara yesterday. After four hours, she finally made a not bad cake. Although it didn't look like a piece of cake, it was her sincerity. Lily put it in a pink box, thinking of how happy and unbelievable Quincy would be when she saw it.
	In the afternoon, Lily finally came to the school as her wish. Knowing that Quincy hadn't moved her dorm yet, Lily asked the driver to park near it. She didn't mean to keep a low profile, but because she knew James would know about it. She didn't want him to get angry.
	There were few people around. It was likely that all the students went out for fun. So Lily felt relieved and got off the car.
Chapter 32 Counterattack
	Lily had never thought that they would meet her. The two girls were exactly Clair and Amy who were about to leave.
	Lily didn't know how to get along with them. She just asked the driver to drive away.
	Both of Clair and Amy were shocked when they saw Lily. At the same time, a fire of jealousy was burning in Clair's heart.
	Clair saw the necklace on Lily's neck in a second. It was the latest style of Tiffany. She had always wanted this necklace and asked her family to buy for her before she went to college, but her father refused it with the excuse that he had bought too many things in his vacation. She got angry at the thought of this. But when she saw Lily wearing the necklace, Clair was shocked.
	"Hey, isn't this Lillias? Recovered? You are finally willing to come to school? " Clair walked up to Lily with an exaggerated expression and a contemptuous tone.
	Lily said nothing and was about to leave.
	But Clair didn't want to give up. Amy pulled Clair, but Clair shook off Amy's hand and said, "I thought you would not come! There was a girl in my high school, she thought she was pretty and always played with all kinds of men. Guess what happened later. Ha-ha, things were known by the man's original wife, that girl was chased and beaten in the school. That girl is so miserable..."
	Lily was rooted to the spot, but she got what Clair's meaning. Lily thought she had the same personality with her mother who would not quarrel with others. But living alone for so many years, she didn't know how to deal with this kind of thing.
	Lily gave a chuckle mixed with helpless feeling to Clair's importuning.
	"What are you laughing at?" Clair burst into anger.
	"I'm laughing at you." Lily looked into Clair's eyes.
	"What? !" Clair raised her voice.
	"Oh, you are so naive. Clair, is the function of your brain only making you taller? I could ignore you whenever you mocked me or spoke ill of me. But you used such dirty words to me. I feel so sorry for your parents. You are so ignorant even at the University. " Lily smiled coldly. She could tolerate them blaming her and ignore the bad things they had done to her. But when it came to James, she would not compromise at all.
	Lily words were a shock to Clair. Clair had never expected that Lily would talk to her like this. Clair had treated Lily badly in the dormitory, but Lily never said a word about it. But today, Lily's attitude make Clair stunned. At that moment, Clair didn't know how to refute her. She just stared at Lily with her eyes wide open.
	Clair was scared by Lily. Seeing this, Lily decided to add a few more words to show her kindness, "Clair, if possible, you should try to get your brain back."
	Before Clair understood Lily's words, Lily turned around and left. She still remembered the most important thing to do.
	"Clair, is Lillias scolding that you have a low IQ?" Amy drew Clair's sleeve and laughed.
	After Clair was reminded by Amy, Clair understood what Lily meant in an instant. Looking at Lily's back fading away, Clair angrily shook off Amy's hands and said, "I know, you needn't remind me! Shut up! " After that, Clair left alone. Looking at Lily's back, Amy turned around and kept up with Clair.
	Lily came to Quincy's room and knocked on the door. No one answered. Then she knocked on the door again, and the person inside impatiently said, "ah, damn it! Who? I just lay down! "
	"Who is it?" someone asked and opened the door suddenly. As soon as the door was opened, Quincy's anxious and lacking-sleep look appeared.
	"Ah! Lillias! Why are you back? " Quincy saw that the people outside the door was Lily that she hadn't seen for a long time. The displeasure on Quincy's face disappeared in an instant, and there was only surprise and happiness on her face.
	"Of course it's me. Who else do you think it is?" Lily pretended to be angry and pushed Quincy. Lily went into the dormitory. Seeing that Quincy's table was still in a mess, Lily put down the things in her hands and began to clean up Quincy's table initiatively.
	"Hey, my conch princess is back." Quincy had been used to Lily's cleaning up her table. Sitting beside Lily, Quincy scratched her messy hair and looked at Lily.
	"If I didn't come, would you stay here alone?" Lily asked while cleaning the box.
	"Well... almost right, surely I'll go downstairs to get some food." Said Quincy.
	After Lily finally cleared up Quincy's table and cleaned the rubbish, the table finally became a girl's table. Lily put the packet on the table and said, "come on, open it!"
	"Wow...girlish color." Quincy frowned and walked to open the box. "Wow, what's this?"
	"I made cakes for you! Although it doesn't look very good, the taste should be good. " Lily looked at Quincy happily and felt a little shy.
	"Wow, my conch princess now has cooking skill. It must be delicious, ha-ha-ha." Quincy immediately picked up a piece of cake and put it into her mouth. She exclaimed, "Wow! Lillias, It's so nice of you! It's so delicious! "
	"Really? Let me have a taste too." Looking at the Quincy's shocked face, Lily picked up a piece of cake and put it into her own mouth. Lily hadn't eaten a piece of it before, and now she tasted it. It was not so bad.
	In the dormitory, they ate cakes and talked about what had happened these days.
	From the description of the Quincy, Lily then realized that it was James who had come to pick her up in the heavy rain. She also knew that James took her out that day.
	Quincy didn't ask who he was, she only told Lily her feeling about James and things that James did. Quincy thought Lily had the right to know these things. She didn't want to ask about Lily's privacy. She knew Lily's goodness and liked Lily. She was glad that she had a friend like Lily. So, she didn't care about other things at all.
	Lily was grateful to Quincy and didn't know how to tell Quincy the story about James.
	Now that Lily had a family member who she could rely on and a good friend, Lily thought that she should be grateful for living a pleasing life. Looking at Quincy who was eating cakes, Lily smiled lightly.
	They talked about gossip, annoying people and the upcoming college life. Thinking of the time these days, they sigh about the time.
	Anyway, both Lily and Quincy were very happy.
Chapter 33 go shopping
	"Oh, Quincy. You have a three-day holiday, right?" Lily took a sip of the hot milk tea that Quincy bought for her. Of course it was a takeout.
	"Yes." Quincy picked up another piece of cake and said indifferently, "It will be the same for a few days, so I plan to stay here."
	Lily looked at Quincy and said, "how could you do that? It's so boring."
	"Of course not. I'm just watching TV. It's good to sleep and order takeout when I'm hungry." Quincy picked up another piece of cake.
	"How about we take a walk outside? Don't stay in the room all the time." Putting down the milk tea, Lily smiled at Quincy. She knew Quincy he would not refuse her like this.
	Looking at Lily, Quincy closed his eyes at once. "No, I won't go. It's so hot outside. How comfortable it is to stay here. I tell you, Lillias. If you keep laughing like this, I'll rub you. I won't be lenient!"
	Quincy, who pretended to refuse and disgust made Lily laugh. Grabbing the weaknesses of Quincy. Lily determined to do something with her weakness. Lily got close to Quincy and grabbed her hands. Lily's voice was soft, and was as sticky as that of a girl coming from South regions. With such voice, Lily said "please go out. I want you to accompany me. I haven't gone out since I got sick, okay?"
	After saying these words, Lily even got goose bumps, let alone Quincy.
	Hearing Lily's words, Quincy was startled and then opened his eyes. Quincy pretended to be forced and said, "Okay, okay. Let's go. Oh, my God! You are so..." The man jumped aside, then quickly changed his clothes and smoothed his hair. "You bastard! You! ! Ah! It's so troublesome to go out."
	Lily knew that Quincy would only complain in this way, but in fact, as long as she insisted for a while, the Quincy would surely accept it immediately.
	During the time when Quincy changed her clothes, Lily cleaned up the table and cleaned the floor as well.
	"Let's go." Quincy pick up the rubbish cleaned out by Lily, "Lillias, you're indeed a conch princess."
	"Now go with your conch princess!" After saying that, Lily naturally held Quincy's arm. Because of the height difference between them, they both felt comfortable in this posture.
	Both of them walked out of the dorm together. Quincy's height and clothes looked like boys. Lily walked with her, and they looked like boyfriend and girlfriend.
	It was still hot. When they walked around the campus, they found that it was still too hot, so they decided to go to the commercial district near the school to get a free air conditioner.
	As they entered the mall, they heaved a long sigh of relief. The air-conditioner was really cool here.
	Quincy who had almost eaten all of the desserts just now couldn't eat much now, but Lily having been eating medicinal dishes these days blinked star eyes and wanted to eat the snacks with Quincy, which made Lily drool.
	"Would you like to join me, Quincy?" Then Lily began to grab Quincy's fingers with her two hands again.
	"Great! What do you want to eat? I'll buy it for you!" Quincy agreed quickly.
	Lily smiled happily. Being with Quincy, Lily was very happy. She could act like a spoiled child and be protected by Quincy. For Lily, Quincy was not only her friend, but also a rare opportunity. Today, she suddenly attacked Clair, Not only did Clair think of James viciously, but also she didn't want Clair to hate Quincy because of her affairs.
	Lily surely knew Quincy's character. Of course, both Clair and Anne were capable of plotting against other people. As a result, Lily wasn't scheming and would not spend too much time on it. But she would not let them hurt her good friend. Although she was not strong enough, she wanted to try her best to protect the people she wanted to protect.
	"What are you thinking about?" Quincy bought the octopus balls. He didn't found Lily pounce on them, Instead, Lily stood there, deep in thought.
	"Ah! Octopus! " Lily took the food from Quincy's hand and said, "I am thinking about what to eat after eating this."
	Hearing that, Quincy showed an expression of "you are beautiful, so you are right." Then she said, "what else do you want to eat? You're such kind of a person, and after eating so much, you still gain little flesh. If you continue to eat like this, you'll be beaten!"
	"Well, you're the same. You won many girls' heart when you were in the training. If they hadn't followed you and found you walked into girls' dorm, they might have confessed to you!" Then Lily picked up an octopus and put it into her mouth.
	Quincy was not only like a boy, but also had a short hair and a handsome face. During the training, the sun gave him wheat skin, making him look like a boy. During the training, many young girls were indeed captivated by Quincy's handsome look. They couldn't help but discuss Quincy behind her. As soon as Quincy turned around and saw them, they started to turn their backs to Quincy with scream, it seemed that they were little girls who were shot by Cupid.
	Lily had seen with her own eyes that the girls stared at her with resentment when she walked together with Quincy, they were so angry with their eyes that Lily really thought she had done something bad.
	"They appreciate my personal charisma. Please pay attention, I am beautiful Quincy who saved the whole universe." Quincy also thought of the girls who chased her, and could not help but praise herself proudly.
	"Alright, alright, my handsome Quincy! You should eat now! " Lily picked up an octopus snack and gave it to Quincy.
	Quincy open her mouth to eat all, the temperature of the octopus snack was so high that Quincy had to raise her head. While biting, she said inarticulately, "it's hot!" Lily next to her burst into laughter.
	People who didn't know them would think that they were a couple in their passionate love period and began to envy them.
	After eating the octopus balls, they walked around and looked around. Both of them had no intention to buy clothes, so they just walked around.
	When they passed a boutique, Lily wanted to get inside. Quincy just accompanied Lily to go shopping, and also entered the boutique with her.
	Looking around, Lily had no thought to buy something. All the things she needed had been prepared by James.
	When Lily was about to leave, her eyes suddenly brightened, and she immediately pulled Quincy to go up.
	It was a tie with dark color.
	Lily had thought that it was James who had prepared all things for her, she also wanted to prepare something for James, although he lacked nothing. Lily happened to see a tie. In her impression, James wore a tie every day. Although it might be more cheap than James's usually wearing, But Lily thought her doing something for James was a way of satisfying little wish of herself.
Chapter 34 a Gift
	Lily stood in front of that tie, turned around and asked Quincy, "how do you like it?"
	Looking at the tie, which had a deep color, Quincy asked, "did you buy it for me?"
	"What are you thinking about?" Lily looked at Quincy.
	A shopping guide beside discovered that Lily was looking at a tie. She came over quickly, "Miss, are you choosing a tie for your boyfriend? Your boyfriend is so handsome. I'm so envious of you. You have a good taste, Miss. This tie is the newest one of our store with dark color, which looks steady and not grandiose. It's a suitable gift for your boyfriend. "
	On hearing the saleswoman's words, Lily smiled. It seemed that this saleswoman regarded Quincy as her boyfriend.
	"Of course she has good taste. Otherwise, why did she come to chase me? If she didn't chase me hard, I would not be together with her." Quincy said with a triumphant look.
	Lily patted Quincy on her shoulders and turned to the saleslady, saying with a smile, "don't listen to her."
	The shopping guide said sweetly, "I think both of you have a good taste. You must be very happy to be together."
	Quincy and Lily burst into laughter, and then the saleswoman thought that her praise was just to the right point. She continued, "You two love each other so much. Why don't you buy this tie and give it to your boyfriend? He looks young. But this tie is suitable for all kinds of people. It looks mature and graceful. It's really a nice one." And it suits your boyfriend better than other styles. "
	Quincy stopped laughing and pretended to be serious, "yes, I also like this one. Am I right, girlfriend? "
	The shopping guide was confused why someone called her girlfriend like that, but she didn't say anything and just kept smiling. On the other hand, Lily did not intend to explain any more. If any misunderstanding was produced, just let it go. Anyway, Quincy was treating her as a girlfriend.
	"Well, how much is it?" Lily thought, 'since I have brought James' credit card with me, I have to pay for it with his money. It's not appropriate for me to use too much.'
	"Hello, it's 499. We happened to have an activity recently. The consumption is above 300 dollars. You can get a pair of cute cups for free, and it's couples style. Today, you can take them home together." The shopping guide quickly told them about the activities in her shop when she found that Lily seemed to have the desire to buy something.
	Lily nodded. On second thought, it wasn't that expensive. "Okay. Please help me wrap it." The shopping guide happily took off the tie and went to the front desk to pack it up.
	After the saleslady left, Quincy asked, "give it to the man!" It seemed like she knew it clearly.
	Lily gave a smile and said nothing. Seeing Lily's look, Quincy immediately knew that her guess was right.
	After she paid, Lily took the packed tie and cups, then she strolled around with Quincy.
	"You are being unfair. You are shopping with me, but instead of buying me gifts, you choose for him. You are breaking my heart." Quincy shook her head and covered her chest, pretending to be sad.
	"I didn't say that I'm unfair. I'm your gift. How about this? I allow you to carry me behind your back. It's a good opportunity to satisfy your wish." Lily stretched out her hands, intending to let Quincy carry her.
	As Quincy ran forward, she shouted without turning her head, "I'm not a fool. Chase me if you want me to carry you! Hahaha!"
	Lily chased after Quincy and there was a broad smile on her face.
	They ran like this in the mall, and the people around them envied their youth and vitality.
	In the end, Quincy slowed down and finally caught up by Lily. Both of them were exhausted and panting. It cost them a lot of energy after the series of actions. Without the desire to continue to stroll, they decided to go back home.
	After sending Quincy back to her dorm, Lily took out a plastic cup and gave it to Quincy. "Hey, boyfriend. Although the tie isn't for you, you can get one of the plastic cups."
	"At least you have conscience! I'll take this as my reward for accompanying you shopping!"
	Lily said with smile, "all right, you can go in now. I'll wait for someone to pick me up. If I have time tomorrow, I'll bring you some delicious food, okay?"
	Quincy nodded.
	Seeing that Quincy returned to her dormitory, Lily stood downstairs at the dormitory building, waiting for the driver to pick her up. She had called the driver, so he should have arrived soon. She looked at the tie in her hand and wondered if James would like it or not. She had been looking at what James usually used, either high-end or very luxurious. She had just thought about giving him a gift, but she didn't think about whether he would like it or not.
	Thinking of this, the driver arrived soon. In the car, Lily said nothing and went home in silence.
	When she got back to the villa, there were only Lara and Bill in the house. Lily looked at the time and found it was James' off duty time. Wondering why James wasn't there, Lara walked towards her and said, "Miss Lillias, you're back. Mr. James is working in his study. The dinner will be ready soon. Mr. James has come back for a long time. Since you were not here, Mr. James went to the study directly. "
	Hearing this, Lily looked up at the study upstairs and said, "Lara, I'm going upstairs, and I'll be back soon."
	Looking at Lily's back, Lara couldn't help laughing, 'Miss Lillias is really in a hurry to find Mr. James.'
	Lily went back and put down the cup. Then she came to the study room. She knocked on the door gently. She didn't open the door until she got James' permission. 'He is at work' she thought, muffling her footsteps.
	"What's up?" James raised his head and saw Lily.
	Lily froze for a moment. Before she could say she was fine, the weight on her hand reminded her, "ah, well... I have something to tell you."
	Looking at Lily, James stopped the work in hand, gesturing her to go on.
	Lily felt that she was really useless. She was so eloquent in front of Quincy, but when she saw James, she stuttered, she summoned up her courage, walked over, and placed the thing in her hand on the desk in front of him. "This is for you... Do you like it?"
	Before James could respond, Lily ran out of the room with a flushed face. She closed the door behind her and ran back to her bedroom to wash her face, then she covered her chest to calm herself down.
	After a while, Lara came upstairs and asked Lily to have dinner.
	Although her face was no longer red, her heart kept beating as if there was a small white rabbit in it. After she sitting at the table and seeing James waiting there with a calm look.
	While picking up the rice grains, Lily thought, 'is the gift haven't been unwrapped? Or does he not like it? I dare not ask casually. It's okay if he doesn't unwrap it, but if he doesn't like it, it will be so embarrassing.'
	After the meal, Lily kept an eye on James, but today, James seemed very quiet, and he didn't react even before Lily went upstairs to take a shower. Lily was a little discouraged.
Chapter 35 I Like It Very Much
	Lily lied on the bed and turned over.
	DID he like it? Didn't he like it? On second thought, she found that all James' clothes were either rare or luxury. If he really didn't like the tie she had chosen for him, it was natural.
	In the dark night, she sighed softly and slowly fell asleep with an uneasy and heavy heart, seeming extremely uneasy in her sleep.
	Another night passed.
	"Miss Lillias, Mr. James is waiting for you downstairs. Get up quickly." Lara noticed that James had already got up but didn't go to work, so she guessed that Mr. James was waiting for Lily. As the breakfast was almost ready, she went to Lily's room to wake her up.
	Lily opened her eyes and answered Lara. Sitting on the bed, she closed her eyes and seemed to be going to sleep. Her brain gradually cleared up, and she tried to recall what Lara had just said, Mr. James? Which one? Who is he waiting for? Wait?
	wait! Lily's eyes widened and she looked like a different person. It was just James! Was he waiting for her?! Her sleepiness was completely gone. She got up, wore her shoes, changed her clothes and cleaned her face and teeth. After confirming that there was no mistake, Lily opened the door and went out.
	Seeing James sitting in the living room, Lily wanted to tell him good morning, but when she looked at him again, she was stunned, her eyes wide open. She pointed at him as if she had discovered that James was some kind of monster. "You... I... I... What?! Right! This one! "
	"What's wrong?" he asked, hiding his smile
	Thinking of nothing, Lily decided to leave the mess behind. She strode towards James and pointed at his neck! You like it, right? "
	"Yes, I like it very much." James said what he had wanted to say.
	The tie on his neck was the one that Lily gave him as a gift. The tie James was wearing now was much cheaper than the other ties he had used. It didn't even match his suit. Luckily, the color of the tie was pretty good. In the final analysis, it was because of his noble temperament.
	Lily blushed and tried not to scream. "I'm glad you like it. I just thought it was suitable for you. Although I used the card you gave me, I promise I'll do it only once."
	She wanted to say that she would work hard on her own in the future and rely on her own efforts to repay James. And she would also make money to buy gifts for him in the future.
	It suddenly occurred to James that he had given her a bank card before. It was a pocket money for her. He mistook Lily's words for the only gift. His face darkened immediately and said coldly, "I told you, I like it."
	Seeing James' face suddenly changed, Lily was at a loss for a moment. Why did he have to pull a long face when he liked it? He was gentle just now, but now he suddenly became so cold. She was a little embarrassed. She didn't know what to say.
	Luckily, Lara had invited them to have breakfast. Otherwise, they wouldn't have ended up in such an awkward situation.
	finished. That was the only word left in Lily's mind.
	As usual, James didn't utter a word when he ate breakfast. She couldn't help but feel that he was angry. The low pressure around him had affected everything around him.
	In such an embarrassing atmosphere, Lily finished her breakfast in a timid manner. After that, she watched as James got into his car. Neither of them spoke again.
	In fact, James was really angry.
	When he arrived at the Ling Group, James entered the company. Although he would cause a storm in the company every time he showed up, it was a different day today.
	Female colleague a: "see! Mr. James's tie is a bit strange today. "
	A female colleague B: "I've already said that it must be seen by more than one person! This tie doesn't look like a luxury. Besides, it's not so delicate to make. "
	A female colleague C: "have you ever put your breakfast in your brain! 'Mr. James is a successful businessman. Even the items he usually use are second to none, ' they thought! It's all because of Mr. James that we are able to know those luxury brands that we have never heard of! In my opinion, this must be a new luxury brand! "
	Female colleague a: "yes, yes, you are right. It must be a high-ranking designer. But Mr. James looks so handsome no matter what he wears. I think a common woman doesn't deserve him. "
	A female colleague C: "you bet! There are so many women chasing after Mr. James. He didn't even look at them. I don't know what kind of girl Mr. James likes. Do you think it's the type of Cinderella like us? Hahaha... "
	When the others were trying to join the conversation, someone suddenly saw a group of people entering the Ling group. Then they immediately dispersed in all directions, busy with their work.
	It was Sean.
	As soon as he opened the door, he saw James looking down at his tie. Sean told his buddies to wait outside. He walked into James' office alone. Today, Sean had come to negotiate with James on behalf of the Billion Point. Now that the Billion Point was going to be developed, the Ling Group had taken away a lot of land which the Billion Point originally intended to buy. That was why Sean had come to the Ling Group.
	Knowing that it was Sean who came in, James didn't raise his head, nor did he say anything.
	After entering the room, Sean casually sat on the sofa. Following James' gaze, he saw the tie and was about to ridicule James' taste. He wondered if he was pretending to be poor. Before he opened his mouth, he thought of the girl he had met before.
	"What? Can't you put down your 'daughter's' present?" Sean knew Lily, he had met her before. Zelda had told him about several trifles. As far as he knew, James almost treated her as his daughter, even if she wasn't his daughter.
	Seeing that James didn't respond, Sean stood up, walked to the lounge and took out a bottle of wine. He poured two glasses of wine and handed one to James. "Your 'daughter' is so great. I heard from Zelda that you've arranged everything for her. When she was sick the other day, you picked her up yourself. James, we have passed the appraisal. "
	Too much, too much caring, you pay too much attention to her."
	As James took the glass, his eyes darkened. "I only gave me a few compared with what she had given me."
	"Is it not enough? Who do you think you are! You are not a philanthropist! James, that's enough. She will only distract you because you have your ambition. " Sean insisted and his tone became serious.
	"If it weren't for her, I wouldn't be who I am now."
	"That's a coincidence! Any other passer-by will save you. Besides, the Ling Family is looking for you at every moment. "
	James didn't say a word anymore. He always kept silent when they disagreed with each other.
Chapter 36 His Responsibility
	The room was in dead silence.
	Raising the glass, James said in a soft but powerful voice, "are you here to talk nonsense and to take this opportunity to taste my wine?"
	Sean was stunned. He smiled. He has been coveting James' wine for a long time. Sean had his own Private wine cellar, but he always felt that the wine that James collected was the best. As long as he opened a bottle, the mellow and time would fall into his nostrils. So as soon as he arrived, he went to find a bottle of wine in the lounge.
	He leaned closer and took a sniff. "You knew I would come. I was just following your instructions."
	Then, James turned to Sean and said, "Now, I'll give you freedom. The conflict between the Ling Group and the Billion Point will be more and more serious. Not just this piece of land, but I want the two companies to be in total confrontation."
	Sean took a sip of wine and said, "I can't see it clearly. The Billion Point and the Ling Group are all yours. We wanted to tackle the people behind it, but from the beginning, we pushed the Billion Point to a high point, leaving it against the other companies. Now the Ling Group becomes its opponent again."
	James watched the wine ripple slightly in his hand and chuckled, in the most contemptuous way. "When the snipe and the clam fought, the fisherman got the prize. Now the fisherman is a coward, so I give the clam to the fisherman myself. And I had to make this clam really attractive, so the fisherman had to show up."
	Sean nodded. Actually, he couldn't stop James from getting involved. What he could do was to obey James and cooperate with James' arrangement.
	"When you get out of the gate today, you have to insinuate the reporter that Billion Point is sure to buy this land, and the Ling Group will close."
	"I can't believe that we will turn against each other one day in our relationship."
	"Sean, I can only trust you. I'd rather take a risk. Don't let me down."
	Suddenly, Sean felt that the burden on his shoulder had become heavy. He smiled and raised his head to drink the wine. "I'm afraid that in the future, I won't even have the chance to go with a bottle of wine."
	The light in James' eyes dimmed.
	Without saying anything more, Sean gave a smile, and tidied his clothes. He walked to the door, with his back against James, and said with determination, "James, after this is over, invite me to drink the most expensive bottle of your collection." Then, he left without looking back.
	He turned his back to him with determination and no regret.
	Watching Sean' receding figure, James had mixed feelings. If possible, he would not ask his friends to go with him. If possible, he would bear the responsibility alone. However, not everything will be as he wishes. He lowered his head to look at the tie on his chest, with something incomprehensible in his eyes.
	He raised his head and drank the rest of the wine in his glass.
	'Sean, I hope that we can drink together the most expensive wine in the future.' He thought.
	After putting down the wine glass, James turned around to look out the French window. Outside the window was the vast sky, and below was the busy street. Everyone was focused on his own life, and each of them had their own responsibilities and obligation.
	This was a fight between James and himself.
	While Lily was at home, she was thinking about why James was unhappy this morning. She had done some research on the Internet. It was said that a man needed to be coaxed to get through his period.
	Just thinking of her period would inevitably upset herself, and it was understandable for James to be like this. 'During my menstrual period, Lara cooked me many delicious food, red dates and so on. Why don't I give some to James as well? Maybe he will be happier if he eat them all.' Lily thought.
	Lily came to the kitchen to persuade Lara to go back to her room. Then she began to try making red dates and black rice porridge according to the Internet. 'It's easy, ' she thought.
	Lily boiled the water and began to boil the black rice It took a long time to develop a soft and thick taste for a black rice. Then she washed the date and cut it in half, removing the red dates' core one by one. Stir the black rice gently and then stew it with small fire to let each of them have a full sense of the temperature.
	After a few hours, she finally cooked the black rice and then mixed it with red dates, and cooked it slowly for a long time.
	Lara cooked the dinner. The porridge made by Lily was ready. Before the porridge was cold, she added some sugar into the porridge. A sweet porridge was the most delightful.
	When the dinner was over, James still didn't come back. Lily poured a bowl of porridge, and put it on the table in the living room. She sat on the sofa, waiting for him. Seeing that, Lara tried to talk her out of it, but she didn't give up. She had intended to ask him if it was his period that made him so angry this morning.
	After waiting for a while, Lily fell asleep on the sofa. Lara covered a blanket on her and went out to wait for Mr. James.
	Finally, when the finger of the clock pointed to ten, James came back.
	"Mr. James," Lara greeted as she took the briefcase from his hand.
	"Why are you standing here, where is Lily?" James planned to go inside.
	"Mr. James, Miss Lillias made porridge for you. She had been cooking porridge for hours, and she intended to wait for you to come back. She was probably tired, so she lay down on the sofa for a while and fell asleep. Lara knew that James pity Lily, so was she.
	James didn't stop but walked into the house directly, but lighter than usual.
	Looking at the little girl lying on the couch, James' heart was almost melted. He doesn't know since when the original repay for her has become a mood influenced by her. He want to know everything she does. Every minute and every second, he wanted to participate.
	The girl's face softened, as if she were in a quiet dream. It was unknown whether she dreamed of him or not.
	He raised his hand and wanted to touch her face, but he was afraid that he would wake her up. But on second thought, Lily was so sound asleep that she might have been carried away without even knowing it.
	Thinking that he couldn't let her sleep here, he smiled and decided to get her back to her own room.
	He picked up Lily and took her back to her room. Sure enough, Lily' showed no signs of waking up. She was even comforted by James' hug, which was warm and reliable. She was familiar with him.
	She even didn't know he had taken her away. James sighed again.
	He walked quietly to the room, tucked her in, drew the curtains, turn on the air conditioner and set the temperature before going out.
	Maybe he had really raised a daughter.
	He shook his head with a smile and went downstairs quietly. When he came back, the smile on his face was more than before, which was totally different from the cold man he used to be in the company.
Chapter 37 Sending Her to School
	The moment he reached the living room, he spotted the bowl of porridge on the tea table.
	It was her who should be taken care of, but now she takes care of him. With a smile, he walked over to the tea table, sat on the sofa, took off his suit jacket and picked up the bowl of porridge.
	The porridge was already cold, but he didn't care. He opened the lid.
	What? ? ? ? ? ?
	Date? ? ? ? ? ?
	Of course, James was clear about the function of red dates. As soon as Lily came, he had asked Lara to make some red dates for her. And now, what was she making for him? He was very embarrassed.
	He shook his head and thought, 'is she imitating me? Or does she learn something strange from others?' Reluctantly, though the porridge was cold, he still ate it bit by bit.
	He didn't like desserts originally, but now he was eating porridge alone in the living room. The black rice was not easy to be cooked. But Lily made it soft and thick, mixed with the aroma of red dates. James even thought it was not as wonderful as he imagined. He had his own responsibility and the things he needed to protect. At this moment, he put those things down and taste the porridge carefully.
	It was a quiet night. Somebody was in a sweet dream, somebody was still busy working. It seemed that they were all living a serious life.
	The school would begin in a day. During the vacation, Lily was arranged to stay at home by James, but he didn't tell her why. So she had to call Quincy and explain everything to her. She would rather spend time coaxing Quincy than make James unhappy.
	'Maybe it's because of the porridge. Lily can tell that James has been in a better mood after eating it, ' she thought. On the other hand, Lily thought James was on his period, so she decided to cook something delicious for him.
	Although James was very busy in the past two days, he managed to find some time to have supper with Lily and to bring work back home. He didn't finish his work until late at night.
	Lily heard that from Lara, 'I'd better not bother him.' She thought.
	James had arranged a driver for Lily. And she can go home after class, so she was not flustered at all on the first day of her class. Besides, she was on the same class with Quincy. After she had made an appointment with her, Lily even looked forward to university life.
	She picked the simplest T-shirt and jeans with stripes, and a pair of comfortable sneakers. She didn't wear any accessories or make-up. Lily looked at herself in the mirror and decided to tie up her hair. When she finished, she looked at herself in the mirror, and found that she was full of vigor and vitality.
	She put all the things needed in the bag and went downstairs.
	Lara had been waiting for Lily on the first floor. When she saw her, she rushed to her and said, "come on, Miss Lillias. Mr. James is on the car. He is waiting for you."
	"Wait for me? I went to school today. " She was all confused.
	"Yes, Mr. James will send you to school today. You should go now." After saying that, Lara urged Lily to go out.
	Lily didn't know what was going on, but she quickened her pace. When she arrived at the gate, she found that the car was parked there.
	At this moment, Zelda, who was sitting on the driver's seat, got out of the car and said, "Miss Lillias, please get in the car. Mr. James is driving you to the University." Zelda didn't understand why Mr. James wanted to drive Miss Lillias to school today. He could ask another driver to do this. Besides, there were so many things in the company and the media were unable to handle. Why did Mr. James have to send her to school himself. Zelda didn't dare to blurt out her doubts.
	Zelda gently opened the back door for Lily, she walked over. As expected, James was in the car.
	"Don't get in the car? Walk by yourself? " As he was working on his laptop.
	"What? I didn't... "Lily immediately got on the car. Walk over? Are you kidding me.
	As soon as she got into the car, she put her bag on her lap. She had never thought that James would spare some time from his busy schedule to drive her to school, so she was surprised. No one said anything in the car, which made them feel a little embarrassed. She pretended to open her bag and checked her bag over and over again. There were only a few books. She turned over and over to confirm them.
	It was obvious that, not only James, but also Zelda who was looking through the rear view mirror frequently when he drove. But after seeing the "carelessness" eyesight from Mr. James, Zelda began to concentrate on driving.
	If he didn't open his mouth, Lily would turn over the pages one by one. James opened his mouth, as Lily was reading the first book.
	"Have you brought everything with you?"
	"What? Yes. "She nodded.
	"Then don't turn over. It's noisy."
	"What? Okay. "She closed the book.
	"Is your purse heavy? Or do you think the chair can't withstand the weight? "
	"Not bad." She put her bag down.
	"When will you finish your class this afternoon? I'll pick you up when I have time. "
	"What? You don't have to pick me up. "
	Hearing the message, Zelda wondered if he could get off work earlier with Mr. James.
	"You have Luke's class today?"
	"Yes. He's going to teach us western economics," answered Lily.
	"Yes."
	James didn't say anything, as if he were concentrating on work. The embarrassed look on her face was replaced. After all, it was James' arrangement. She knew him well already. After thinking it over, Lily began to enjoy the scenery and imagined her upcoming class.
	As a matter of fact, as long as Lily observed carefully, she could find that the tablet PC in James' hand hadn't been switched for a long time.
	Except for the Ling Group and the Billion Point, James had been very busy recently. He had a lot of things to deal with. But since the new semester began today, he had to attend to. A lot of thoughts came to James' mind. With his influence in the University, he was sure that many people knew him. Therefore, he arranged Luke to work here, and Luke can take care of Lillias when he was inconvenient to go in.
	All of a sudden, he regretted sending Lillias to the University.
	If she went to school, she would have more friends. All these people would affect her. If she didn't go to school, he could protect her well and take care of her all the time even though she was unable to be independent and had no skills.
	But didn't he ask her to be independent before? He put down his iPad and looked at Lily quietly.
	She tied up her hair, revealing her white and delicate neck, and her vigor and vitality. He looked down and saw his own leather shoes.
	He kept silent all the way.
	As soon as they arrived at the school, Lily got out of the car. She bent over and waved at James with a smile on her face. "I'm leaving now. You can go to work. Come on!" Then she ran to the classroom when she realized that she would be late for school.
	Watching her receding back into the building, James asked Zelda to drive him to the company.
Chapter 38 The First Lesson
	Lily left the classroom without hesitation. When she got there, the classroom was already full. She asked in confusion. Although she didn't know the people in her class, she only remembered about thirty students. Why was the classroom full of more than eighty students.
	Debbie entered the classroom after confirming that she was in the right classroom.
	Seeing Quincy waving at her, she walked over.
	"Why are you so late! You almost lose your seat! I have tried so hard to get you this seat! " Quincy grabbed Lily, took the bag off the side seat, and Lily sat down.
	"What? I heard that we need to compete for the seats before the end of the semester. Why are we so eager to get seat so early? " Lily put her bag down.
	"It's all because of our teacher. Many school girls in grade one, grade two and grade three, I heard that there is a young and handsome professor in our school, who is single, and only teach our class, so many fans come." Quincy replied helplessly.
	"Which teacher! Could it be this class? Western economics? " Lily suddenly thought of Luke, who was young and handsome. The description was quite suitable for Luke.
	Before Quincy could answer, a scream broke in the classroom.
	It was Luke, not anyone else.
	Lily knew Luke. She had also seen him in white shirt, so she didn't think it was something surprising. But other girls had long been shocked.
	"Ah! So handsome! "
	"He is my husband!"
	"I'm used to having bald professor, but now a so handsome teacher come today! Wash your eyes and relax your mind! "
	With a standard smile on his face, Luke walked up to the platform and swept around the classroom. It was not until he found the girl he wanted to see that he took out his book.
	"Good morning." Luke's voice was very gentle, as if the persons in front of him were not students.
	"Wow!" most girls were attracted by Luke's gentle voice.
	"Let me introduce myself first. Luke Li, I'm in charge of Eastern Economics for everyone this year." Luke took out a form and looked at it. "The school gave me this. It's a class of thirty-five students. It looks like that, huh?"
	'It's because of your popularity, Luke, ' thought Lily.
	"My classes are free. you can go to sleep, play your phone, chat or skip classes." The students under the platform screamed for such a good teacher! But then, Luke changed the topic, "my rules are also very simple. Before the class, you answer it with your hands. If you don't come, we will see each other in the end of the semester. Furthermore, it's dangerous to do something unrelated to the class if I see it. "
	"Ah!" The girls cried as they understood what Luke meant. Obviously, they couldn't skip the class and had to be focused.
	"Now, I'm starting the roll call. Raise your hand to answer it." Looking at the name form, Luke began to call out, "Trent... Harvey... "
	Although the audiences started to discuss, the roll call was still in order.
	Luke's voice was gentle but powerful. Lily listened to him quietly, totally ignoring what Quincy said next to him. Lily thought, 'Luke is also so scheming. I didn't know he is like this before in class.'
	Seeing that the Quincy next to her nudged her, Lily looked at Quincy in confusion.
	"The teacher is calling you!" Looking at Lily, Quincy did not know why Lily suddenly distracted.
	When Lily heard Quincy saying so, she was in a panic and quickly stood up. When she stood up, she didn't know what to do.
	A person stood up suddenly, which drew all the attentions in the classroom. The classroom quieted down at once.
	Looking at Lily who suddenly stood up in astonishment, Luke couldn't help smiling. Thinking that it was better to rescue her, he raised his head and said to Lily, "I know, sit down."
	All eyes were on Lily. Someone were curious. Someone were dismissive, and someone were disgusted.
	Lily felt a little embarrassed. She sat down and flipped through the book, deliberately ignoring those people's searching eyes.
	What she didn't know was that someone was curious about her. Some dismissive people only looked at her clothes. Some people hated Lily. They thought that Lily stood up so suddenly in order to attract Luke's attention.
	But it didn't matter. Luke was still speaking the name.
	After the roll call, Luke put down the form and looked at the classroom with a smile. "The roll call is over now. Those who are supposed to stay for the lesson should stay; those who aren't supposed to stay are volunteered."
	Freshmen can't leave, sophomores and juniors who still wanted to feel Luke's class and listen to his charming voice also didn't leave. As soon as Luke finished his words, no one left.
	After a while, Luke opened his book with a smile. "Since everyone wants to stay, let's get started. For the first class, I won't teach content in books, and you get familiar with the content. We can have a talk during this class. "
	Before entering the education industry, Luke had never thought that he could stand on the platform. When he just knew that he would come to a university, he was worried that he might not do well. However, with the experience of tutoring Lily, being a teacher were not that difficult as imagined.
	Looking at the large group of people sitting downstairs, Luke began to speak about some historical stories in western economics. His voice was gentle, and when he talked about a scene, it was vivid. The courses was usually boring, but it was lively according to Luke's introduction.
	Everyone was attracted by Luke and listened carefully.
	"Are all teachers like him? To my surprise, it seems to be a conversation. But it's easy, at least it sounds easy. "
	Lily smiled and said, "maybe he's special. He looks like that. When we get along with each other, we can learn something from him and relax ourselves. He is certainly more welcomed by students than traditional strict instructor. "
	"Hey, hey, hey. You make me feel like you already knew each other." Quincy asked.
	"What? He taught me before. " Lily couldn't tell Quincy that James had arranged him to work here.
	"Oh my God!" Realizing that his voice was too loud, Quincy lowered his voice and said, "so scary!"
	Lily smiled and went on listening. Quincy saw that Lily began to listen to the lessons, so she stopped talking. In fact, she was afraid that she would be killed by the eyelashes of her surrounding students.
	The class finally came to an end. Many girls followed Luke, walking out of the classroom. It seemed as if they were asking for autographs and taking photos with him.
Chapter 39 Disturbance
	After experiencing those sharp glances just now, Lily had learned the theory that the people connected with the people in the storm center would be killed by thousands of sticks as a punishment. Therefore, now, Lily sat down and waited for the girls to escort Luke out.
	On the other hand, Luke also knew that he should keep a proper distance from the Lily. So, without greeting her, he quickened his pace and went back to his office.
	Waiting for the classroom person to walk almost, Lily just pulled Quincy, and these two people rushed to the advanced mathematics classroom to learn the advanced mathematics. Advanced mathematics teacher was a famous strict teacher in the school. He had only thirty-five students in total, he taught in a rigid way. Compared with Luke, there were only thirty-five students in the classroom now.
	Lily had learnt how to deal with math in the past, and now she was listening carefully. Seeing Lily were focusing on her studies, Quincy next to them also followed.
	When the lesson was finally over, the students in the classroom were still complaining about the difficulty of advanced mathematics.
	"Damn it! Never mind. Lillias, go to have lunch. I'm starving to death in the morning. " After receiving her own books, Quincy helped Lily collect books. Quincy wanted to go to the dining hall to have lunch as soon as possible.
	"Wow! That's crazy! advanced mathematics is so hard! All the cells in my brain have been dead!" Lily took her bag, naturally held Quincy's arm and went to the canteen with her.
	They talked about some trivial things while walking. The topics were that the teachers in high school were so harsh and what to eat for lunch. But Lily felt that someone was looking at her. As expected, she saw several pairs of eyes that wanted to escape. Lily thought it was a coincidence, and she didn't care.
	The canteen of University was so good. Lily went to choose food with Quincy and chatted with her at the same time.
	"Lillias, Luke has taught you a lesson? What lesson? Did he attend a training class during your summer vacation?" Quincy looked frightened. In her opinion, going to the cram school in summer was just an inhuman behavior.
	Gazing at the expressions of Quincy, Lily thought it was funny. After thinking for a while, she found a suitable reason and said, "well, my foundation is too weak. He teaches me, but not in a cram class or in that way. It is a kind of guidance, which is a temporary tutoring."
	Quincy nodded and understood what Lily said. Quincy had no interest in Luke. She didn't ask more questions, but began to complain.
	After lunch, they sat in the canteen for a while and then went to prepare for the afternoon class. There was a lunch break in the classroom. But since Lily didn't live in the dormitory, nor did she have a dormitory. Quincy accompanied her to the classroom.
	When they were about to reach the classroom, Lily noticed that there were many people in front of her classroom. She wondered if it was Luke who was in the classroom. Otherwise, how could there be so many people, especially girls, in the classroom.
	The two were not fond of hustle and bustle. Seeing so many people, they intended to go to other classrooms to have a rest first and come back before class was over, so they turned around and intended to leave.
	However, before they could take more than two steps, they heard a sharp voice from behind. "Ah, this is exactly the one called Lillias. You don't have to go."
	Lily heard her name and suddenly felt the voice was a little familiar. She turned around and saw the speaker. To her surprise, it was a familiar voice. The woman was exactly Clair whom she met not long ago.
	Clair's voice attracted everyone's attention at once. All of them looked at Lily with an evil intention. Lily held Quincy's hand, without saying a word.
	Clair smirked and flipped her hair, smirking, "I heard that you did everything you could to attract Luke's attention? Ah, why are you still the same as when you were in the training? "
	When the others heard this, they thought that there must be some story behind it. They just heard what happened this morning, and didn't expect that it had another story.
	"Clair, do you need me to teach you a lesson?" Before Lily could say something, Quincy had been angry.
	"Punish me? I think the one next to you needs to be tamed. During the training, she pretends to be ill and ask a man to escort her to school. And now she wants to seduce Luke, doesn't she? " Clair raised her head with arms around her chest and said in a hurry. She was so angry that she even wanted to give back all the anger she suffered two days ago to Lillias within one minute.
	Quincy did not want to waste any more words with her, so she wanted to go straight to deal with her. But Lily held her tightly.
	But Lily didn't get angry for those unkind eyes, "Clair, don't take everyone as your shadow."
	"What?! You! " Clair loosened her grip angrily.
	"Didn't you hear me? Let me make it clear to you. You can search for rich man, you can seduce Luke, but don't impose the blame on others. " Lily explained with a smile.
	"Hey, hey, how do you feel when others returns the rubbish you spat out to you?" Quincy taunted Clair.
	Clair was so angry that she wanted to say something. But when she saw that the rest people around were just watching a play, she couldn't say anything. She was so angry that she left a heavy "humph" and quickly walked away.
	Not wanting to stir up trouble again, she dragged the boy into the classroom. When other people saw the main character had left, they felt bored and then left.
	At this time, in the distance, a cold eye was staring here. Frank but expressionless, suddenly said, "idiot." Then Clair left.
	After Lily and Quincy entered the classroom, they found a place and sat down, ignoring other people's sight.
	"I'm sorry, Quincy. I'm so sorry to make you suffer. " Lily didn't want this kind of annoying things to happen to Quincy. But today, Clair came to her.
	"What are you talking about! But it's a pity that I didn't punish her. " Quincy frowned and clenched her fists.
	"Ha ha ha, let's do it next time!" "But it's my fault. If I hadn't been out of my mind this morning, I wouldn't have acted like this," Lily said to Quincy.
	"What! Obviously, she wants to make trouble for you! Even if you were not absent-minded this morning, if she wanted to look for you, she would say that you ate the bean sprout she wanted for lunch. This kind of person still needs to be dealt with. " That man was telling the truth.
	Lily nodded and said, "but I'm afraid that she won't come back after what happened today. "
	"If only she would come. I can punish her. "
	"Ha ha ha, look at your small fist!"
	"What fist attack! A handsome person like me should be equipped with a sledgehammer! "
	"Hahaha! Great! Hammers!"
	"If you keep laughing, I will beat you to death!"
	"Ha ha ha, I was wrong! Hahaha... That's so funny! "
	".….."
Chapter 40 The Autumn Festival
	Time passed slowly.
	The small news about Lily were quickly suppressed by something else. This matter was soon put behind because of the new rumors. In addition, as a freshman, in the upsurge of community and new students, no one ever paid attention to it anymore.
	Then both Lily and Quincy didn't pay much attention to it. Only when they met with Clair occasionally, they would be glared at by her. But Quincy's eyes were much fiercer than hers. Every time, Quincy would stare back at them. As time went by, Clair also knew to avoid them.
	As time went by, James became busier. Within a week, he was able to have dinner with Lily for four days at most. On weekend, Lily either went shopping with Quincy, or stayed at home, read books, or watched movies and played games on the third floor. It was not boring at all.
	The weather gradually turned cool and began to march into the camp of autumn.
	It was time to wear sweater. Lily turned over the closet while thinking of the clothes and jewelry sent by someone yesterday.
	Lily had chosen a set of sweater. She wore a shirt with long sleeves inside and a beige sweater with high collar outside. The loose pattern made Lily more petite. Lily originally wore a black pencil skirt and a white knee length skirt. However, as Lily didn't want to wear a skirt. Thus, she selected a pair of black pencil trousers from the wardrobe. After looking at the shoe cabinet, she took out a pair of black flat leather shoes.
	Autumn came. Lily's hair fell over her shoulder. The soft and black hair made her look gentle.
	The autumn sun had a warm smell. The leaves had begun to turn yellow quietly and fall, and when they stepped on the leaves, there would be a slight sound.
	In a class free afternoon, Lily held the arms of the Quincy. Like a couple, they walked on a road covered with fallen leaves. Quincy was wearing a light colored sweater, a black coat and a black Martin boots. Quincy looked tall and elegant, walking together with Lily. While they were talking happily, the two of them laughed from time to time, which made people around them envy.
	There was a very large lake in A University. In the summer, many people went for a walk along the lake. Autumn was an amazing season. Many people sat on the lakeside or laid on the lawn to bask in the sunshine at noon.
	Lily and Quincy sat on the bench by the lake, enjoying the warmth of the sun.
	"By the way, Lillias, do you really not join the community?" Quincy asked.
	"I wanted to take part in it before, but I found it troublesome to meet a new friend. Besides, it's enough for me to have you. "
	"Haha. That's the fact. "I took part in the basketball, and there will be many competitions in a while. There will be training I need to participate in, and I can't play with you for a long time. "Quincy replied, holding her head with her hands against her knees, looking upset.
	"It doesn't matter. I don't have anything else to do. I can accompany you during your training and competition. You can play basketball and I will cheer you up. We also did that before, didn't we? " Lily smiled. Anyway, she had been there before.
	"Alas! Every time you go there, those men will follow you. As if they haven't seen any girl before, they are all staring at you. They even asked me in private if I and you are really a couple. They also asked me for your phone number. Alas, damn it. " It vexed Quincy to think of those rough members.
	"Well... Then next time, I'll hide in a corner and wait for you. I don't want anyone to see me. " Lily joked.
	"No, no, you have to stay in my sight, then I can rest assured." Said Quincy with a serious face.
	"Okay, I will do as you say." Lily gently smiled and opened her eyes.
	"Yes, and what's more, will you ever stay at school for Christmas?" Quincy turned his head and looked at Lily.
	"Christmas? When? "
	"It seems that it will be held next week. There will be a party at school, and many social organizations also hold single parties. My roommate told me that there are only single parties held every year. It's much more interesting than the parties organized by the school, "
	"Really? It seems that we have no other activities except the party." After Lily reflected on it, she realized that there was only a party before.
	"There are other activities, but we didn't attend. What about this party? Will you go with us? "
	Then Lily remembered that James had been waiting for her at home late last time when she attended a party. Thinking for a while, she decided to let it go. "I'm afraid I can't make it. You know, I'll be home after class."
	"Well, it's just that you can't see the handsome guy, though they are not as handsome as me." said Quincy, as she remembered that there would be cars to pick Lily up every day.
	"It's enough for me that I can see you." Then, Lily put her arms around Quincy and rested her head on Quincy's shoulder.
	"Then how about you Christmas, staying at home?" Quincy thought that Lily might be alone for the holidays. She felt a little uncomfortable and felt that Lily was so lonely.
	'I think she's going to have dinner with Lara, watch TV, take shower and fall sleep. She's not different from her usual self.' Lily had told Quincy about Lara and Bill, sometimes she talked about her daily life.
	"Will it be too boring?" Quincy was worried.
	"No, I will not. You know, they are very kind to me." Lily smiled sweetly.
	Quincy nodded.
	After bathing in the sun for a while, Lily went back to the classroom with Quincy, preparing for the afternoon's class. ...
	It was class time. Lily who was always an attentive person during the class unexpectedly lost in class.
	As a matter of fact, Christmas was always on her mind. She knew she couldn't go to a party with Quincy because she couldn't let James worry about her. But she felt a little lonely when she just came back home.
	In addition, she had heard from her classmates that they would prepare gifts for Christmas. She thought that she had to prepare a gift for both Quincy and James. There were only two weeks left. She didn't know what to choose and whether there was enough time.
	With so many things weighing on her mind, she didn't listen to teacher's words in the afternoon.
	After school, sending Quincy back to the dormitory, Lily asked the driver to pick her up.
	She was still thinking about this question all the way.
	When Lily went back home, Lara had prepared dinner. Knowing that James was busy today and didn't come back, Lily began to eat dinner absent-minded.
	He had dinner, bathed, read a book and slept.
	When she was thinking about this issue, she was always absent-minded and looked dispirited.
	It would be great if James didn't have so much work to do. Lily hoped he could spare some time to have a meal with her. After all, they were family now. She would feel disappointed if he didn't have any personal time to spend with her.
Chapter 41 Prepare A Gift
	After a night of thinking, Lily had already figured out what gift to send to Quincy. Quincy had great interest in basketball. Lily determined to pick a basketball this weekend, and then find a special way to write "Quincy" on the basketball so that it wouldn't fade or influence using. What's more, it became a unique basketball. Quincy would surely like it.
	She had thought about the gift for Quincy, but hadn't thought out what gift to send to James.
	She didn't know what to pick up now.
	She came to school with a heavy heart. As soon as she entered the classroom, she saw many girls gathering together. She subconsciously cast a glance at them and found that they seemed to be woven something. Since they were not very familiar with each other, Lily didn't dare to ask.
	After Lily's waiting in the classroom for a while, Quincy finally came.
	Lily took out the breakfast that she prepared for Quincy, "enjoy it. Did you notice what those girls were doing when you came in? "
	Quincy took over the breakfast box and said, "well, they seem to be making up a bracelet. Many of my classmates have been in a love relationship and many girls are doing this, so does my roommate. It's a little troublesome. " Quincy opened the lid and found there were milk and sandwiches in it. "Wow, I'm so happy. You bring breakfast for me every day."
	"I just took it from Lara. Hurry up and eat it. Although it's in a thermal container, it's still going to be cold. " Lily kept urging Quincy to have his breakfast. Finally, she knew what gift to send to James.
	Lily didn't plan to tell this to Quincy.
	There was Luke's class in the afternoon, it had been almost a semester. His popularity never decreased. As long as he had classes, the classroom was almost overcrowded. Lily didn't want to make trouble. Luke would come to visit Bill and Lara occasionally. And Lily and Luke barely met each other. In the school, she should keep a proper distance from him.
	It had to be said that Luke was excellent. It was very easy to fall asleep in a class with heating on, but as long as it was his class, even those boys who were not serious would pay attention to Luke's class.
	After a long day's class, Lily went back to the dormitory with Quincy, and asked the driver to pick her up at the school gate. Then she rushed to the commercial street in front of the school.
	Then Lily rushed into the store where she bought the tie last time.
	It happened to be the guide who introduced her the tie last time, because Lily bought the tie once last time, so the guide still had some impression on Lily. as soon as Lily came in, the guide greeted her.
	"Sweetie! What do you want to buy today? We have some new arrivals lately. Do you want to have a look? " The shopping guide was all smiles.
	Lily wanted to buy and went back soon, so she asked directly, "is there some materials of handmade woven bracelets in the store?"
	"Yes, we do. Come with me, please." The shopping guide walked to the shelf with Lily and pointed at the high products. "These are handmade woven materials for the bracelet. Have a look first. Who will you n send this to? "
	Lily didn't say anything, but looked at the shopping guide, wondering why she should tell whom she bought it for.
	The shopping guide looked at the woman full of confusion. Soon she understood what Lily wanted to say. "Because the materials will be different for different people. Besides, there are different kinds of materials that require different making way. "
	It turned out to be like this. Lily figured it out. Thinking of her relationship with James, she said, "family."
	The shopping guide saw Lily's hesitation and knew something, many people were treating their boyfriend as their family. She guessed that the woman before her was also for her boyfriend, or else she was for her secret admirer. So the shopping guide help Lily took down the "love" kind of woven material bags and tutorials.
	Lily didn't know much about material bags. In the morning, she didn't have a close look at the bags in those girls' hands, then she picked a simple bag and paid the bill.
	After the Lily left, the saleswoman told her colleagues about this matter, thinking that it might be fate for her to be a matchmaker.
	After leaving the commercial street, Lily saw the car that picked her up. As soon as Lily got into the car, she hid the bags she had just bought in bag and thought that it should not to be seen by James, Bill and Lara.
	So, as soon as Lily went back home, she went upstairs without saying a word, thinking about putting it in her room first. Although she knew that no one would look at her bag, she still felt worried as she had to put it in the room to set her mind at rest. It was said that she had a guilty conscience.
	Thinking that she had entered her room, Lily took a shower and put on comfortable household clothes. Then she went downstairs to find Lara.
	As Lara had been preparing the dinner, James came back.
	"You're back!" Hearing the sound, Lily ran to the porch and said with a smile to James.
	James was stunned. He had seen her dressing in soft home clothes before, but today, looking at her, Lily seemed to be exceptionally obedient and very cute. When Lily first came to the villa, she stammered in reply. How could she be so natural.
	'it seems that she has grown a little more.' James exclaimed in his heart. With a gentle smile on his face, his eyes were full of gentleness. The fatigue of the whole day's work disappeared because of her single word.
	"Yes, I'm back."
	Lily walked over to James. She took the briefcase from his hand and put it on the couch before saying, "dinner will be ready. We'll eat soon."
	James nodded. Seeing Lily put the bag on the table gently, he felt warm in his heart.
	After James sat down on the sofa, Lily gently brought him the tea made by Lara. James didn't say anything, just drinking his tea quietly.
	Shortly afterwards, Lara had the dinner prepared.
	They had been accustomed to the quietness while they were having dinner, which was not as embarrassing as before.
	After dinner, Lily went back to her room, closed the door and began to study the bracelet. This thing looked so simple, but it was so difficult to operate.
	Following the instructions, Lily found the hands were not hers. She totally couldn't control them. She knew how to make them, but she just couldn't make them like that.
	She woven and then removed them, repeating the process constantly. After drinking the milk that Lara gave her, Lily got a little annoyed and dismantled them. Then she put the materials into the closet.
	'Forget it! Just admit that I have a disabled hand!.' Lily chose to sleep with anger.
Chapter 42 Celebrate The Christmas With Her (Part One)
	As long as she had time, Lily would study the bracelet. On weekends, she went to the most bustling place in A City to buy a basketball for Quincy and then spent a long time to find a customized shop.
	When the Quincy's gift was ready, Lily took back half of her heart. And the rest was, of course, a gift for James.
	A disabled person chose to make a bracelet, Lily almost finished it in tears. It took a long time to finish it, but when she looked again, the design was quite twisted, just like the works of a primary school student. This was probably the most successful one Lily did after dismantling dozens of times. At least, it was done. Lily wanted to give it to James directly. Otherwise, she couldn't do better.
	Finally, Christmas came.
	At the day before Christmas, which was also Christmas eve, Lily and Quincy sent apples to each other according to the trend. In fact, Lily received many well wrapped apples. Quincy speculated that those apples were from the men who admired Lily. And Lily also guessed that those apples with a pink card Quincy received were from her girl fans.
	The man gave the apples he received to his roommates, and then he gave the apples he received to his classmates who often sat together with him.
	That day was Friday, and there was the Christmas party in the evening. On Saturday evening, there was a party for single people. So after class, Lily gave the basketball hidden under the table to Quincy as a gift. It was not until Quincy went back to her dormitory that she opened the box. As soon as she saw the gift, she was so moved that she almost burst into tears. In a hurry, she called Lily.
	"Oh my God!" Although Quincy said so, her tone sounded like she was crying, "Lillias, I'm really moved! I didn't even think about gift, but you prepared it for me. I'm going to die! ! I will definitely treat this basketball specially, make a rotating exhibition stand for it and watch it every day. "
	Lily tried to comfort Quincy, thinking that her crying would be a splendid scene. She said, "ah, what's the relationship between us! You can rest assured to use it, and I guarantee it won't fade the color! Don't cry... Don't cry... "
	After Lily finally calmed the Quincy, Lily turned her head to look at the scenery outside the car, which seemed a little different from usual. She looked at it again and was sure that it was not the way home!
	Lily knew the driver. She asked, "this isn't the way home. Where are we going?"
	The driver was still driving the car steadily. He politely replied to Lily, "Miss Lillias, it's Mr. James's order. I don't know exactly where we will go. How about you make a call to Mr. James?"
	"No, thanks." 'It is arranged by James?' Why didn't I know that. Though Lily was confused, she stopped asking about it. Since it was James's arrangement, he must have a reason, It was a longer way than that of going home. Lily felt a little bored, so she leaned against the back seat. With the heater in the car, she suddenly fell asleep.
	Lily didn't know how long it had passed. When she finally woke up, the lights were on. There was even James sitting next to her!
	"Ah!" Lily was startled by the man in front of her.
	"Why are you in such a hurry?" James put away the papers in his hands and looked at Lily.
	"Ah! I just woke up and now you are here suddenly. I'm scared. " Lily calmed down and began to massage her numb legs.
	"Are you awake? Do you want to sleep a little longer? "
	"No, thanks. I'm awake now."
	"Then get off the car. I planned to take you here tomorrow, but I have to attend a meeting tomorrow. So let's come here today." As soon as he finished speaking, James noticed that Lily had given up massaging her legs. Thus, he got out of the car and went to the other side to open the door for her.
	Lily didn't hear what James said, but got out of the car obediently.
	As soon as Lily got out of the car, before she even had a good look at the destination, she was taken away by James.
	Following behind James, Lily looked at his back. It was already December and the weather became very cold. Then, James wrapped the coat on him, which made him look even more isolated from the outside as if he didn't care about the world at all.
	After a long time of taking the elevator Lily finally began to wobble. But James stood straight all the time. Lily had worn boots today, and if she kept standing there for a long time, the soles of her feet would hurt.
	Just as Lily thought that she could hardly keep balance, James suddenly pulled her close. "You can lean against me. "
	Lily leaned almost entirely against James. After a moment of surprise, she felt a sense of safety.
	The elevator stopped at their destination.
	The doors of the elevator opened. A waiter was waiting outside, wearing a bow tie. Seeing James and Lily, the waiter bent slightly and said, "good evening, Mr. James. Everything is ready as Mr. James ordered. Please follow me."
	As soon as James and Lily entered the room, they followed the waitress. Lily had never been here before, and looked around curiously.
	On her way, Lily suddenly found something wrong!
	here! here! She could even see the night view of the whole city!
	It turned out that this was the Flourishing Hotel known as the ridge of A City. In fact, great height was not the most attractive attribute of this hotel. The most famous part of Flourishing Hotel was its top floor, where people can get the night view of the whole A City. Besides, the appearance of the top floor was made from pure glass. After a heated kept on, the flowers would bloom all year round. So no matter it was in summer or in winter, the night scene was wonderful.
	Such an attractive place was hard to reserve a seat. Some people wanted to use this place to make the beauty smile. They had to pay a high price, and they also had to be very patient to wait for the seat.
	Lily didn't know that, but she thought it was beautiful here. As soon as they entered, they smelled the fresh fragrance of flowers. The light was not shining, and it did not take away the charm of the beautiful night scene. Lily's whole attention was drawn by the night scenery. She immediately ran to the periphery to enjoy the night scenery carefully and exclaimed "it's so beautiful. "
	It was not until she had walked around the periphery that Lily remembered James. Lily looked around and found James standing at a table. Lily walked towards James and sat opposite him.
	The dining table was not big, and it didn't look like that they are far away from each other. The table was covered with a white cloth. A candlestick was on it and the candlesticks were lit up. There were all kinds of Western food on the table and Lily found that they were all western food. Fortunately, she had learned to use knife and fork recently, otherwise she would make a fool of herself.
	After the waitress put the coats of James and Lily in a tidy place and put them away, she turned off the lights and walked out of the room.
	The whole floor was now filled with only Lily and James.
	When the light was turned off, Lily could only look at James through the candle light. In the candlelight, the look in James's eyes was as gentle as water.
Chapter 43 Celebrate The Christmas With Her (Part Two)
	It was a nice dark night.
	They both saw themselves in each other's eyes. The surroundings were too quiet, as if there were only them in the world.
	"I'm sorry," said James apologetically. "Too many things have happened in the company recently, so I didn't have time to have a meal with you. I'm taking you here today. Do you like it?"
	Time did not leave any trace on James's face, and he always gave people the impression of neat and elegant. But recently, Lily could see the cyan color in his eyes, and saw blood streaks appearing in his eyes from time to time. Sometimes, Lily could even see that as soon as he came back and sat on the sofa, rubbing his temples wearily.
	Therefore, she knew that James was busy and didn't have time to worry about her. She could understand that Lily had been trying to stay low in the past few days so that he wouldn't be distracted by her.
	It was only a normal and reasonable matter. But now James apologized to her sincerely, which surprised the Lily very much. But she quickly hid her surprise and looked back at James. Her eyebrows were crooked as she said, "it's very beautiful here. I like it very much. Thank you for bringing me here."
	Although there was a faint expression on James's face, he stretched out his long arm naturally and exchanged his cut steak with the plate in front of Lily. It was like that of the day Lily came.
	"If you like it, I can take you here whenever I have time." As James went on cutting the steak.
	Lily see these in her eyes. Now she had learned how to use the knife and the fork, but James still treated her the same. Watching James cut the steak in an elegant manner, Lily's heart fluctuated.
	Perhaps sometimes a person fell in love with somebody was not because that person treated you very well, but because that person was always nice to you from beginning to end, and that person would not change because of time, place, or identity. Such kindness was just like warm water, without much passion, but always tolerated you, accompanied you to grow into the best person.
	"Eat it." After James finished cutting the steak, he looked at the plate on the table. Seeing Lily's not eating, he reminded her.
	Obediently, Lily began to eat. After a mouthful, she found no sound from James. She looked up at him in confusion, only to find that he was holding a glass of wine.
	Was he drinking?
	Lily immediately looked at the glass at her hand. As expected, it was a glass of juice. Lily thought 'I'm an adult. We eat Western food together, but one is drinking red wine and another one is drinking juice? 'Isn't it the normal way that they should drink and talk, and then get closer to each other?'
	'Yet, he still treated me as a child.' Lily was a little discouraged, turning to look at James.
	"You will have class and you should drink juice." Only by a glance, did he understand what words Lily wanted to say.
	"Saturday tomorrow! No class! " Lily made every effort to persuade him.
	"You want to drink?" James shook the wine glass in his hand.
	"Well... I didn't..." Lily hesitated. Sweet juice was actually a good choice.
	"Eat something first." James didn't argue with her over this question anymore. He put down the glass and began to eat with Lily.
	Lily was familiar with James like this. Quiet and glowing, he was the kind of man who shone with charm no matter what he did. Lily lowered her head and continued to eat.
	It was quiet except for the occasional sound of tableware.
	They finished their dinner after a while.
	Because she just ate some hot food and with the abundant heater, Lily blushed. Lily was a beautiful Christmas Eve girl with fair skin surrounded by a blush.
	"Have you had a good time at school recently?" In fact, James knew about Lily's situation. There were always people reporting to him about Lily's situation in school.
	"It's great. I have many friends. It's great." Lily lied to him. Actually, she only had a friend whose name was Quincy. But she didn't want James to be bothered by her, so it was normal for her to lie to him in this way.
	James didn't debunk her lie. "If you have anything to tell me, just let me know. I'll arrange it."
	"Okay, I know." Lily said with a smile. He put his hands down and put them into the pockets of his clothes.
	What? What's that?
	Ah! Lily remembered that it was the bracelet for James! When the class was over in the afternoon, she took it out of her bag, thinking that she should buy a delicate box outside the school and send it to James as a gift, so that she could not be so embarrassed. But she forgot it after she called Quincy after school. She did not remember it in the car as she came here. And it turned out to be like this.
	The atmosphere between them had been harmonious at first, but when Lily began to think about the bracelet, she suddenly became extremely anxious and upset.
	She didn't know whether she should give it to him or not. 'If I don't give it to him, but James has taken me here to eat. It's such a beautiful place. I will be very sorry if I haven't taken any action to show my gratitude, ' she thought. However, compared to the dreamlike and beautiful scenery here, the bracelet she knitted looked very poor. It would be embarrassed for Lily to let James see it.
	After thinking for a long time, Lily still didn't get a suitable answer, and her hands began to sweat slightly.
	"It's late. Let's go home." James stood up and took his own coat and Lily's. He took Lily's clothes to make her easy to wear. James put his own coat on until Lily finished wearing hers. James had never done such things before, which was really surprising.
	Lily didn't even notice this. Since James had fixed it for her, she decided to put it on. She was thinking about the bracelet in her pocket.
	After dressing up, James saw that Lily didn't have any interest in enjoying the night view anymore, so he led Lily to the elevator.
	Lily followed James into the elevator, her brows furrowed deeply. It was difficult for her to make a decision now.
	Watching the number on the elevator keep decreasing, Lily became restless, which was of a sharp contrast to the calm James on the side.
	When James arrived at the living room, many people bowed to him and greeted, and the large amount of people scared Lily.
	A gust of cold air swept over Lily's faces as soon as she left the living room behind James. The warmth in the room instantly vanished, and Lily began to shiver. But, it was this sudden coldness that made Lily sober in a moment.
	'What am I doing? Don't I prepare it for a long time just to give it to him? What am I struggling with?'
	"Wait!" Lily used her voice to stop James.
	James turned around and looked at Lily. There was no expression on his face, but it seemed that stars had been in his eyes.
Chapter 44 The First Snow
	"What's wrong? Are you cold? " As James approached Lily, he thought Lily was cold, and intended to take up her hand.
	However, Lily suddenly reached out her hand in front of James and clenched into a fist. Under his gaze, she took a long soft breath, and then opened it slowly.
	In her palm, it was Christmas gift Lily wanted to give James, a red bracelet.
	"This is for you." She finally plucked up the courage to speak out what she had held back for a long time.
	She held a red Bracelet in her little hand, and her round and small hand made the bracelet softer.
	Outside the hotel, the lights were all on. With a hopeful expression, James took the bracelet from Lily and began to study it carefully. Obviously, it was designed by someone. The bracelet looked simple, but it was difficult to woven. It seemed that she was not very skilled at the knitting. He wondered how much time and effort Lily had spent on it.
	He was touched.
	Seeing James's staring at the bracelet, Lily explained, "well... It might not look so exquisite, but... However... Well... Anyway, just take a look at it. "
	Lily always kept her head down. She knew her own level. She didn't expect James to like it or had any extravagant hope for his putting it on. She thought that as long as she gave it to him and expressed her gratitude, everything would be fine.
	All of a sudden, a pair of hands appeared in front of her, there was the bracelet in the hands.
	'Obviously, he doesn't like it.' Lily thought of the days that she kept breaking up and weaving, and making up and tearing up. She desperately let herself not think about it, but the grievance suddenly surged up her nose, and her eyes began to slowly fill with a layer of mist.
	"Put it on for me," said James.
	'Put it on? Why does he put it on? Since he doesn't like it. Why to put it on?'
	"Put it on!" Ah!
	Looking up at James, Lily didn't even stop crying. She wanted to know if she heard him right.
	Looking at Lily's tearful eyes, James softened his voice, "I like it a lot. Help me put it on."
	Hearing this, Lily immediately stopped crying and smiled.
	Everything went on naturally.
	Lily took the bracelet and put it on James' wrist.
	Then, he walked towards the car and opened the door for Lily. But the Lily suddenly suggested that they take a walk together. Looking at her, James nodded and motioned the driver to wait somewhere else.
	The weather was a little cold, but Lily was just too excited to feel it. She and James walked together. Both of them stood out among the crowd. The girl was small and exquisite, while the man was tall and noble. No one could ignore this fact.
	It was a lucky night with strong holiday atmosphere. There were many couples walking on the street arm in arm. Some were holding flowers in their hands, and some were holding presents in their hands. All of them were wearing happy smiles on their faces.
	Lily envied them. But at the thought of the garden on the top floor and the night scene just now, she didn't envy them so much anymore.
	"You can hold my arm." James suddenly realized that Lily had been keeping staring at other couples.
	Lily was dumbfounded. When Lily got to know what James meant, she held his arm, as if she was holding Quincy usually. Her movement was skillful and natural, but no one could say how intimate they were.
	"It's so warm." Lily said what she really felt.
	James smiled and walked on without saying anything. He liked quiet. He spent most of this kind of holiday at home or in his office. But because of Lily, this year, he chose to accompany her. He even did something that he had never done before.
	"Ah! It was snowing! It's the first snow! " Someone cried out all of a sudden, and then the crowd was boiled because of the snow.
	There were snowflakes falling down on Lily's nose. Feeling somewhat cold, Lily raised her head to look at James, only to find that he was looking at her as well. Their eyes met by accident.
	Lily's heart started to speed up and beat softly. The blood all over her body was boiling, and her cheeks quickly turned red. It was so cold outside but she even wanted to take off her clothes because of the boiling flood.
	James looked at Lily. The woman in front of him was so petite and adorable.
	Perhaps it was because of the alcohol or the picturesque scene, James suddenly said, "Lillias, I'll wait for you to grow up."
	The crowd cheered up because of the snow, exclaiming, and their voices were louder. In this noisy environment, Lily didn't hear clearly what James had said. And his words turned into a mass of water vapor in the air, as if making time remember for him.
	After he finished speaking, not looking at Lily's expression, James pushed his way through the crowd and stopped at a place with few people. He called the driver to pick them up.
	On the other hand, Lily was thinking hard on what James had just said to her, and it was not appropriate to ask more. So Lily had to guess.
	When the chauffeur arrived, they got into the car. The heating in the car was warm and they weren't that intimate.
	As soon as they got into the car, James leaned against the back seat and began to close his eyes for rest. In fact, he was really tired. In order to accompany Lily, he had finished his work ahead of schedule. He had squeezed some time. Now he was exhausted.
	And Lily was full of energy from the moment she got on the car. She looked at James and found that he was resting. Then she looked out of the window, admiring the night view of the city and the first snow as a present.
	Outside the window, a pleasantly surprised feeling arose with the first snow. Christmas was coming.
	Lily saw people said that they loved each other and proposed to each other in a variety of ways. Although Lily didn't understand what was happening outside, Lily knew that they were happy. What a happy life it was that persons were together with the one they loved.
	Lily looked at James by her side. she felt happy, too. In this way, it was very happy to stay with "family".
	As soon as they got back to the villa, Lara opened the door and saw the happy look on Lily's face. Immediately, she understood what had happened. Mr. James must have taken Miss Lillias to play. Although Mr. James did not show it on his face, he was still happy.
	Lily went back to the room, took a bath and lay on the bed. Now she was so happy that she wanted to tell her happiness to the whole world.
	When James returned to his room, he was in a good mood, although he was very tired. He looked at the documents on the table and decided to wash himself and go to sleep today.
	Yeah... well... Good night.
Chapter 45 Review For Final Examination
	Christmas was about to pass, but the festival atmosphere was still deep. Take Lily's surrounding for example, the lights on the Christmas tree that Lara had already prepared were still on. A huge Christmas tree was placed in the living room, which attracted people's attention.
	However, Lily had no interest in enjoying the scenery. Although it was weekend and a holiday, she got up early and went to the room where Luke guided her earlier to study.
	Why did Lily suddenly study so hard? That was the end of the semester. Because she was easy to be bullied by her enemy which was named final examination!
	The school had organized the exam in advance for everyone to celebrate the new year with their families.
	Looking at the thick book in front of her, Lily thought of what the teacher said, and felt a bit headache. Although the teacher had drawn a key point, it was a whole book anyway! Lily could be clearly remembered. When a teacher gave a lesson, her classmates drew the key points of their class and then cried out.
	Although Lily always serious, this was the first final examination of the semester since she entered the college. She wanted to do her best in that examination. Especially there were so many excellent people.
	The breakfast was sent to the room by Lara. Lily's seriousness was obvious.
	Just as Lily recited the knowledge, someone knocked on the door.
	"Come in, please." Lily answered in confusion. James had gone to work, and Bill and Lara wouldn't disturb her. Then who was the person now.
	With permission, the person pushed the door open and walked in. Seeing a book on the table in front of Lily, he smiled and said, "Lillias, you're so serious. It doesn't matter if I come or not."
	The man in front of her was no other than Luke, who looked harmless but had only added a few points at most! She then realized what a bad thing Luke had done, and said in a bit of pique, "that's because a teacher has so many important points. It's difficult for me not to take it seriously."
	Luke knew well about Lily's personality. He treated her as a child, "now that you are so serious, so I won't help you with your study. I will pray for you."
	"What? Help me to review? " Lily stood up and widened her eyes. After a second, she smiled, walked across the table, moved the chair away, and said to Luke, "please sit down, teacher Luke. I'll fetch the water."
	Luke did not hesitate to approach. He took off his coat and sat down on the chair. "No need, take a seat. Let's get down to business. I have asked your other teacher to check the key point. In addition, I am going to discuss western economics with you in a day, and you must have been reviewing a lot. You can do your research tomorrow after I finish my talk. I think this arrangement will be ok for you. "
	Lily went back to her chair and sat down. Hearing what Luke said, she nodded. She had studied a lot, but lacked a whole concept.
	"Let's get started now." Lily open the book, which was full of notes. It could be seen that she focused on her study.
	Luke was satisfied with her in this respect. She was more dedicated and diligent than other students.
	Luke Li began to help Lily review the program. He connected all the information Lily had learned. Luke was good at western economics, and he was really interested in other subjects. He remembered the outline of other subjects since he heard from other teachers for only one time, and then explained them to Lily by using his own understanding.
	Lily took notes carefully. Sometimes she was puzzled, sometimes she screamed as if she was enlightened, and sometimes she nodded in praise. She focused on the review and tried to remember every word Luke said.
	Not knowing how long it had passed, Luke finally finished talking about it. But he didn't leave. It was not that he didn't want to leave, but he promised to Lily. Strangely enough, though Lily had comprehend the knowledge, what remained was only a question that she took time to get familiar with, she strongly urged him to stay and wouldn't leave until she remembered all the content of the examination.
	Lily took notes slowly and carefully. Every time she forgot something, she would ask Luke for help. She didn't plan to write it down. It would be a waste of time and she would spend more time in sorting it out.
	But then, she thought of Quincy. She worried that Quincy would also memorize some loose information like her, but have no overall impression. In order to let Quincy have a pleasant vacation, she decided to sacrifice herself. She made a first-hand exam for Quincy, and then take photos and send them to her. By this way, Quincy could also memorize most of the information in these two days.
	It was almost time for James to get off work, Lily finished finally. She didn't even have time to have lunch. Lara called her several times, but she didn't eat, and she even didn't eat the fruit Lara brought.
	After she finally finished writing it, she took photos and sent them to Quincy.
	Before she could breathe a sigh of relief, her phone rang.
	"Damn it! what the hell! what the hell! Lillias! You are my father! " At the other end of the phone, Quincy was very excited. Quincy wanted to fly to Lily's side and hold her in his arms to kiss her.
	"Ha-ha-ha, am I nice to you?" Lily was also very happy. The happiest thing is that you are kind to others. Others can also feel and be touched.
	"What do you mean of 'good'! It was really 'very good'! Let me tell you, I'm so bored. I don't wake up from the party last night and need to study. Fortunately, I have you! " Quincy cried bitterly.
	"This is my gift for you. Go and study. I'm starving! I'm going to have lunch! " She was hungry now.
	After hanging up the phone, she ran downstairs to fetch some food from Lara without even tidying up the books on the table.
	When Lily went downstairs, Luke had already left. Lara said that he was approaching his exam. There were heavy tasks at school and he had to go back to school in a hurry recently.
	Luke didn't say goodbye to her. Lily was unhappy because Luke was so busy but spared time and energy to help her review. She thought it was reasonable for her to say goodbye to Luke, but she didn't.
	But the unhappiness disappeared when Lily ate Lara's sweet cakes. Desserts were really good for people's mood.
	She believed that only after her own efforts could she get what she wanted.
	So, after eating the cakes, she went back to her room for study. And she didn't have dinner.
	As soon as James came back, Lara told him about Lily's activities of that day. He nodded and had his dinner alone. He thought that he could prepare food for her if she had felt hungry by that time. Now that she was studying hard, he would let her do it.
	Fortunately, understanding could build a bridge between two people.
Chapter 46 The Final Exam Of The Semester
	Perhaps for every student, the final exam of the semester before the winter vacation was the real sound of hell, and there was no exception in A University.
	In A University, teachers didn't pay special attention to students' achievements, but to students' whole quality. If someone wanted to get a good result, they must work hard. If they cheated in the exam, they would be seriously punished once it was confirmed. If the result was not serious, they would be punished, and if the result was serious, they would be pushed out.
	Therefore, more people were willing to apply for retaking their studies, instead of taking the risk of cheating.
	The day of the exam finally came. Early in the morning, Lara had prepared a set of meal for the test, a ham and two eggs, meaning that Lily passed the exam smoothly.
	"Lily, go to take an exam. When you come back, I will cook delicious food for you!" Lara knew Lily had been working hard in the past few days. And she knew Lily was serious, so she wasn't worried about Lily.
	"Thank you!" Lily was deeply touched by the blessings of her family. She believed that she would be successful in the exam.
	After breakfast, she packed up her exam supplies and went to school.
	Quincy, who was as confident as Lily had waited for Lily at the school gate for a long time. As soon as Lily got out of the car, Quincy was excited and ran over.
	"Lillias! Thanks to your information, I thought I could pass the exam surely! Tell me! How should I pay you back! " Quincy grinned and her happy look affected the people around him.
	Lily was also happy, "okay! Then buy me something to eat! Huh... I want the set meal of oden at the school gate! "
	"No problem! And a large glass of pearl milk tea! " Quincy took over Lily's bag and said, "come on, I'll take my bag."
	"Come on, let's go to the exam!" Lily held Quincy's arm. As soon as she thought of the day when she held James's arm, she couldn't help but blush.
	"What's the matter? You look like a shy girl today!" Quincy saw Lily's red face.
	"Come on! It was too cold! I'm freezing! " The woman explained in a hurry.
	Quincy did not doubt it, and still went to the examination room happily with Lily.
	When they arrived at the exam room and found their seats, the two people didn't talk anymore and just waited for the exam to begin.
	In the first round, Luke was the supervisor. As soon as he came in, the whole class was very happy. As soon as Luke came in, he habitually went to find Lily's seat. When he saw Lily, he was relieved and smiled at the students. "Good morning, everyone is in a good mood. Maybe everyone can cope with this small exam."
	Luke's words aroused a heated discussion in the classroom
	"I'm not in a good mood! It's all illusions! "
	"Who is laughing?! Who's laughing! Come out! I promise I won't kill you! "
	"A simple exam? Bullshit! "
	Looking at Luke, whose words caused public indignation, Lily couldn't help laughing, although it might not be very friendly.
	Although they all complained bitterly, Luke still smiled at them and said, "you guys who are complaining in public. I remember your names. You must pass the test, or..." Before their responding, Luke opened the examination paper with a smile, distributed the examination paper and supervised students with a smile.
	Those classmates looked at Luke's cold face, feeling very sick. But they did not dare to say anything more and began to take their tests seriously.
	The students felt really tired. Luke was satisfied.
	The classroom was quiet. The sound of paper turning and the pen point rubbing could be heard clearly.
	Lily and Quincy could not help laughing once they read the paper. Sure enough, the effort would pay off. After reviewing, they were sure about most of the questions on the test paper.
	As the time of the exam passed, the bell rang and the writing stopped. Everything was in order.
	Luke finished collecting the test paper. Looking at Lily, he found Lily also looked at himself. They smiled at each other and understood what each other meant. Then Luke took the examination paper out.
	The following few tests were not too difficult, Lily and Quincy were both satisfied.
	All tests were finally over.
	"Lillias! How did you write that? " After collecting her things, Quincy immediately ran over to look for Lily.
	While Lily was collecting things, she answered, "not bad. There are several questions that I can't do, so I write them out as I want. But it's better than I haven't written them down at all."
	"Me too. I chose C when I wasn't able to work out the correct answers. I wrote down the material first, and then thought about some. So I got the answer." When it came to exam-taking skills, Quincy was still quite sure. Getting into A University, they dealt with not only the contest of strength and luck, but also the contest of exam-taking skills.
	"All right. I'm done. Let's go out!" And then Lily held Quincy's arm.
	"OK! But you really helped me a lot. If you would have not helped me, I would have just passed the exam with low score. " Quincy thought of some questions on the test paper, which was in review materials summarized and sorted out by Lily.
	"It's ok!" "Hurry up! My hands are freezing!" Lily said in Quincy's tone.
	In order to make Lily warm up as soon as possible, Quincy decided to go to the milk tea shop first and buy one for her.
	It was winter now and there were many people shopping for milk tea. The shop was fully occupied, and the queue was long. Fortunately, the heating was on in the shop, so waiting wouldn't make people uncomfortable. While waiting, Quincy talked with Lily about the exam again. Her voice was much lower than before, but people around her could hear it.
	Quincy waited in line for a long time and finally got the milk tea for Lily. Quincy didn't like the milk tea so she didn't order anything. After they got the milk tea, they decided to go to the Oden café directly.
	When the two girls left, a loud slam of books from the milk tea shop drew the attention of many people.
	"Shame on you! What do you show off! A bad woman who hooked up with a teacher! " With resentment written all over her face, Clair just accidentally fell a book on the ground. When she found someone staring at her, she got fidgety and avoided being seen. Then she lowered her voice and mumbled, "what are you looking? Haven't you seen people cursing?"
	Sitting opposite Clair, Amy felt a little embarrassed and said in a low voice, "Clair, don't do this. Others are watching us."
	Clair glared at Amy and said, "shut up! I know! "
	Amy pursed her lips for she knew that she had to keep silent, or Clair would lose her temper again.
	Clair stood up impatiently and said, "let's go. What are you waiting for?"
	"Aren't we waiting for them?" Amy stood up, the men she was talking about was the boyfriend of Amy and Clair. They were in the same class and had a good relationship. If she was not for the boyfriend, Amy wouldn't bear Clair's bad temper.
	"Just wait outside! I'm bored to be stared at here. " Then Clair walked out of the office.
	Amy also went out, for she wanted to see her boyfriend as soon as possible.
Chapter 47 The Four Seasons Restaurant
	It was cold outside. Lily was holding a cup of hot milk tea, which was not bad. The temperature was nothing to Quincy who was a northerner.
	They talked and laughed all the way to the Oden cook shop near the school gate.
	Lily and Quincy often came to this restaurant to eat Oden, of which they were quite familiar with the owner. As soon as they entered the shop, the owner said with a smile, "you came so early today! Please take a seat. "
	"We come as soon as we finish the exam!" Quincy took off her coat and put it behind her. Following Quincy, Lily took off her coat and sat down.
	This restaurant was called Four Seasons Restaurant, and it was always clean and tidy all year round. Things seemed to be always in the same place, with antique style. Or it had been operated for so many years that it gave off a sense of age. The restaurant was always quiet and comfortable. Even the boss seemed not to care about the turnover. Apart from making food, he preferred to chat with people.
	The Four Seasons Restaurant was well welcomed. Lovers who fell in love enjoyed the quiet atmosphere here, and friends would gather here to chat for a while. Even bookworm who loved studying would feel the quietness and peace here. The popularity of the Four Seasons Restaurant was getting bigger and bigger, as if it had been a landmark.
	Moreover, Lily, Quincy and boss had been close friends despite of the huge age difference.
	"How's your exam? You don't have to talk if it's not good enough." The owner asked while pouring water for Quincy.
	"Hey, hey, hey! Don't look down upon me!" Quincy pretended to be angry. "Don't look down upon me. Otherwise, I will eat all of your food."
	"Whatever. I'll pay for all food you eat." The boss was not intimidated by Quincy at all.
	Lily was amused by the verbal argument between Quincy and the boss. In fact, she seldom talked. Most of the time, she just sat there quietly listening to the men and the boss talking and she tried to get in a word or two occasionally. It was not bad.
	After a while, the door was opened and several people came in.
	Lily and Quincy didn't look back. The Four Seasons Restaurant was popular all the year round, and it was normal for people to come in from time to time. Lily and Quincy didn't care about that.
	But today, it seemed to be different. Some people sat at the table behind Lily, and Lily even heard somebody snorting clearly. Lily were confused, but she didn't turn around to look. She didn't care about other people's business.
	The boss had prepared some food for Lily and Quincy. When Lily was about to start eating, a familiar voice came to her ears.
	"What a bad luck! I can meet someone I dislike here!"
	Lily turned around and saw her. It was a unexpected meeting with Clair.
	Lily trusted that Clair didn't like her, but she didn't take it to heart. She thought that it was not a big deal to settle down, so she gave some comfort to Quincy.
	However, Clair was still saying, "She is really a bad guy, right? " She leaned against her boyfriend closely, acting like a spoiled child. There was no usual arrogance in her tone.
	The reason why Clair and Amy came here was unknown.
	Clair's boyfriend was called Terence. He was Clair's senior and a famous Playboy in this school. He had got many new girlfriends. He was handsome, especially with that evil smile on his face. Girls who just entered the University were attracted by him easily. Clair was no exception. Clair just followed Terence without any hesitation. And now, it was the perfect time for them to fall in love with each other.
	Amy's boyfriend was called Charlie. He is not as eye-catching as Terence. Charlie came from an ordinary family and didn't compete with each other. And he was kind-hearted. It was a pure coincidence for Amy and Charlie to be together. Both of them were fans of antique style, they were quite suitable with each other. Their love was not passionate but liked drizzling.
	Because Terence and Charlie were on the same class, Clair and Amy were on the same class. The four of them always went out together.
	Clair had kept nagging about Lily for a long time. Terence and Charlie were impressed by Lily. As soon as they entered the room, they saw Lily. Clair's endless sarcasm made both Terence and Charlie look at Lily frequently.
	Lily and Quincy ate their food quietly and had a small talk with boss.The atmosphere of their desk was different from that of Clair and Amy's desk. This kind of situation was still because of Lily's trying to appease Quincy. Otherwise, the bowl of food on the table would fly to Clair's face.
	After finishing eating, Lily pulled Quincy and put on her coat and said goodbye to the boss. Then Lily wanted to walk out quickly so that she wouldn't conflict with them.
	Unfortunately, when Lily walked through, Clair stretched out one of her feet!
	Lily became anxious and wanted to get out of there as soon as possible. She didn't pay attention to her feet. As a result, she was tripped and was about to fly out. It's good that Lily was held by Quincy. Now Quincy tightly held Lily. When Lily was pulled back, it was just a shamble.
	"Are you okay?" Quincy asked Lily urgently.
	Lily shook her head, indicating that she was fine. However, she stumbled unprepared. Although she did not fall down, it was still a lingering fear.
	"Fuck!" Quincy's anger came up, she went to Clair. Quincy's height advantage completely crushed Clair, "You must be blind! Are you crazy? "
	Looking at Quincy who looked like a little tiger in her rage, Clair was a little scared. But thinking of her boyfriend next to her, she was not so scared. "I don't know what you are talking about..." Clair answered
	"I say you are a fool." said Quincy, interrupting Clair's words.
	"What did you say?" Clair stood up. The difference between her height and that of Quincy showed that she was not imposing at all when she stood up.
	Lily pulled Quincy's sleeve and said, "don't talk to her. I'm fine. Let's go."
	"Clair, you have already reached my limit of tolerance. You'd better be quiet. If I go crazy, I may make you blind," said Quincy.
	"It's a mistake," said Terence with a smile, holding Clair in his arms
	Hearing that, Quincy smiled coldly. She turned around and walked towards the door. She stopped and turned around. "Handsome guy, it seems that you really need to go to the hospital to check your eyes." Then Quincy left.
	Terence didn't get angry. He let his girlfriend sit down.
	Hearing this, Clair felt wronged and said, "is her crazy?"
	Terence stared at his girlfriend and thought of the reason why he had chosen her at the beginning. It may be because of the charming look of Clair, or that he had a challenging heart. Although he was smiling all the time, Terence didn't mention the matter just now and talked about the exam with them.
Chapter 48 Four Persons Together
	Seeing that her boyfriend had given up comforting her after she got wronged, Clair got angry. She sat aside angrily without saying a word.
	Amy didn't want to talk to Clair anymore. Amy believed that she was looking for trouble. Besides, her boyfriend didn't even care about her, why should she interfere.
	After ordering the food, Terence sat still and didn't say a word.
	The four people sat together, but none of them spoke, and the atmosphere was a bit embarrassing.
	Charlie broke the silence. "How is your exam?" It was better to talk about other things than sitting in embarrassment.
	However, Clair didn't want to accept his kindness at all, so she directly refused, "no! Very poor! "
	Her words made the atmosphere freeze again. With no more words, Charlie took out his phone and sent a message to Amy.
	Charlie typing, "is that the woman Clair called Lillias?"
	Amy: "yes. What's wrong?"
	Charlie commented, "She look all right. She don't look as fierce as Clair said."
	Amy: that's true. Lillias doesn't pay much attention to Clair. But Clair is always making trouble for her.
	Charlie commented, "I didn't believe what Clair said before, but I found the truth was different after I met with the real person."
	Amy asked, "what do you mean? You like Lillias?
	Charlie: what?
	Amy replied, "nothing. Let's eat.".
	Upon hearing this, Amy put down the phone and took a deep look at her boyfriend. Seeing that Charlie looked very calm as if nothing had happened, Amy felt she was overthink and shook her head, waiting for the waiter to serve the food.
	The food of the Four Seasons Restaurant was quick. After the owner served them, he left without saying a word.
	Then they started to eat silently, but Clair was still in a sulk, it seemed that she would not eat anything unless Terence coaxed her.
	After a few bites, Terence found that everyone around him was looking at him. With eyes closed, he became a little restless. He opened his eyes, calmed down and began to coax Clair.
	"Don't be angry." Terence put his arm around Clair's shoulder and said, "Let's eat something. We need to go out later."
	Seeing that Terence had calmed her down, Clair stopped immediately and said, "Okay." then she picked up the tableware.
	The meal wasn't in a bad mood, but after the meal, they left separately.
	After Amy and Charlie were out of sight, Clair asked, "why didn't you console me earlier! You know that I will be fine as long as you coax me. Why don't you coax me? "
	Clair's voice sounded hysterical. Even so, there was no expression of pity on Terence's face. Instead, he was getting impatient. He looked at Clair coldly, "so, I'm the person you can lose your temper at will?"
	His words poured cold water on Clair's heart. She felt a lump in her throat when she thought of the time when they were together before. All of a sudden, tears welled up in her eyes.
	Clair and Terence were in the heat of love. In fact, they were not as intimate as others saw, but she was always deceiving herself. She knew that Terence didn't love her as much as she did. He chose her as his girlfriend on a whim and she tried her best to love him. But she would quarrel with him like other men's girlfriends occasionally do, but he...
	Looking at Clair who was about to cry, Terence felt that he had got what he wanted. Then he used a soft tone, "well, Clair, you know my temper. Stop it, be good."
	After all, Clair was in love with Terence, so she stopped crying immediately and put all the displeasure behind her after hearing those words. After a while, they went shopping happily.
	On the other side, Charlie was talking about the incident with Amy.
	"Charlie, do you hate Clair? "Amy continued, as she hugged him.
	"What? Why do you suddenly talk about this?" Hearing Amy mentioned someone else all of a sudden, Charlie was confused.
	"No, I just found that every time you were separated from Clair, you would heave a sigh of relief. You would feel very tired when you got along with her." Said Amy, leaning her head on the shoulder of Charlie, her face was full of shyness.
	"Well, okay. I just don't like to stay with her. I don't hate her." Charlie spoke out his mind.
	"What about Lillias? Do you hate her? " Amy tried to make her question less abrupt.
	"What? "Lillias?" Thinking of the girl's lovely eyes just now, Charlie said, "I don't hate her. How could I hate a person for no reason?"
	Said Amy, staring at him: "so, do you like Lillias?" She had to confirm something by herself.
	Hearing this, Charlie was stunned for a while. Then he laughed and said, "What are you talking about! How can I like her! "
	With her own confirmation, Amy felt relieved. Leaning her head against Charlie again, she said: "Charlie, you are so kind."
	His face was full of bitterness when Amy couldn't see him.
	How can I like her.
	How could he fall in love with her.
	He liked her, but he couldn't.
	I don't deserve a girl with such eyes. '.
	Some people will fall in love with someone at the first sight, just like Charlie fell in love with Lily at first sight. Only one glance could make him lose control of himself. He had been with Amy for a long time, she would never make him have such a feeling.
	But Charlie knew clearly that he didn't deserve her. 'I already have a girlfriend. If I do something that crossed the line, I would not only be a lousy man, but also a jerk who betrayed his girlfriend, ' he thought. So he couldn't.
	The girl didn't know she was at the center of the storm, and she was appeasing the angry Quincy as soon as they left the Four Seasons Restaurant.
	Quincy had never thought that Lily would be bullied by others. Thinking of the days before, Quincy felt extremely angry. If it weren't for Lily's touch, she would have rushed out to beat Clair.
	Quincy thought that her original principle was "don't be afraid of anything", but now that Lily was bullied, she must let someone else repay her back. She would keep the account in mind for a long time and she would revenge slowly.
	Lily kept persuading Quincy, and prove herself fine and she also said she would not make a fuss about such a mean girl.
	Lily didn't care as long as it didn't involve the people she cared. It was a piece of cake for her to play these tricks. But once they stepped into the forbidden area, she had to fight back hard.
	Let the unpleasant past be the past.
	After all, winter vacation was coming.
Chapter 49 an Adorable Girl
	As soon as the final exam of the semester came, the winter vacation was coming.
	At that time, Quincy hadn't had the chance to play with Lily for a whole day. Her parents called her back. She didn't want to go back to her home at first, but her mother told her, "if I can't see you in one day, I'll come to pick you up myself." that year, when she remembered the fear she had been dominated by her mother, she said goodbye to Lily without hesitation. She packed her luggage, went back home as soon as possible.
	After sending away Quincy, Lily felt a little bored at home alone.
	"Miss Lillias, Mr. James wants you to travel to Australia. What do you think?" Zelda was an easy-going person. He was easy to get along with. Except what he had to obey, he said to Lily in a casual tone.
	Lily thought for a while and asked, "did I go with him?"
	"I'm sure Mr. James doesn't have time. It's almost the end of the year, and he is even busier." Seeing that Lily's expression turned frustrated, he quickly added, "but Mr. James arranged a best guide for you. Besides, you're going to Australia, so you don't have to be so cold."
	Lily shook her head. He wanted her to go to a strange place. Even it was a good place, she would not go.
	Looking at Lily's refusal, Zelda sighed in his heart. He didn't say anything and left in a short while.
	He drove away from the villa and headed for the Ling Group. A few minutes later, Zelda called James.
	"Mr. James, I've asked Miss Lillias, but she won't go." Zelda reported Lily's answer to James.
	After a moment of silence, James said, "well, it's expected. This year, you go to America on my behalf. "
	"What?" Zelda braked hard and couldn't believe what James said. "Mr. James, I know how important it is. I don't think I'm qualified."
	"It's okay. Go ahead." James hung up the phone.
	Zelda sat in the car and didn't start the car for a long time.
	Every year, James would go to America for work. Once there was a holiday there, he would go abroad. He never let others to do. Zelda didn't dare to take the responsibility. It was neither because he was afraid of work, nor because he was afraid of being unable to reunite with his family. Instead, it was because he was afraid that he would screw things up and let him down.
	Is it because of Miss Lillias. Zelda guessed. This was the first year that Mr. James had spent with her. He was sure to be there. Zelda could tell how much he cared about her.
	Zelda guessed correctly. That was exactly what James thought.
	Ever since he came back from abroad, he had spent every Spring Festival in the United States. For his goal, he had never stopped, but now the presence of Lillias forced him to stop.
	Seeing this, James couldn't help laughing. He slightly pulled up his sleeve and looked at the bracelet on his wrist. At the same time, he felt that he had done a good job and he wouldn't regret it.
	But Lily didn't know that. After Zelda left, she didn't take the matter of going to Australia seriously.
	These days, Lily had spare some time for learning all kinds of pastries from Lara, and she was likely to inherit Lara's cooking skills. After Luke finished his work, he occasionally came to the villa to visit his parents. For several times, he came to the villa and met Lily making cakes. He only took over the rest of the defective goods. But Lily kept saying that she was returning his benefactor. 'Did I not realize that it was a failed work?' Luke thought. Luke smiled.
	Lily is partial. She was learning to make cakes, but of course she can make some of them well. She gave the broken pieces to Luke, and left those delicious cakes behind, leaving them to James. She wanted to hear more compliments from James.
	Especially in one morning, when James was having breakfast, he complimented her that it was a nice 'pastry'. Then her enthusiasm for making cakes grew out of control. Luckily, Lara stopped her.
	In the winter vacation, ordinary families are to prepare for the Spring Festival goods. They went shopping, bought food materials, gifts for the old, new clothes for children and surprise for their loved ones, the family went on such a happy holiday together.
	Inside the villa of James. Throughout the year, in all weathers and on holiday weekends, the freshest ingredients are always delivered to the villa. As for clothes, Lily found that she seldom wore repetitive clothes. Every once in a while, someone would bring new clothes and take away old ones, so there was no need to go to the mall.
	As a result, it was quieter in the villa than in other people's house. Fortunately Lara did the decoration with heart, not to make the villa too bleak.
	Lily did not have much work to do every day, except eating and sleeping, and other activities were rare. She was also unwilling to go out, staying at home all day and night to enjoy the heating.
	After complaining to Quincy in distance, Quincy sends Lily a gift
	Lily immediately opened the box after she received the gift. It was a box of comic books! She opened one and saw that it was not new, so she asked Quincy. It was not until then that she knew that Quincy had sent the comic books that she had collected for many years. There were all kinds of styles, which would never make her feel dull.
	Lily was so happy. She liked old books more than new ones. The books were a little yellow, and some traces of age would make her love them.
	To show her thanks to Quincy in distance, Lily proposed to move back to her room on her own, and she refused Bill's help. Although she couldn't move them at one time, she moved them separately, several at a time. After coming back and forth for several times, she finally finished moving.
	As soon as Lily entered her bedroom, she immediately selected a comic book and began her career in it.
	She sat on the ground, reading her comic books, and laughed from time to time.
	Carpets were all over the floor. There were all kinds of puppets, changing comfortable positions, Lily indulging herself in the interesting books. The heating in the room was good as well as the weather outside. Under such a comfortable environment, she felt tired after taking a long look and soon fell asleep.
	When James was off duty, he was told by Lara that Lily had been in her room all day. He planned to go to her room to have a look.
	He gently knocked on the door, but no one answered. He opened the door and found her sleeping on the ground.
	He smiled. With the cold outside, he picked up Lily and intended to put her on the bed. Otherwise, she would catch a cold or feel sore all over her body if she fell asleep on the ground.
	Picking up Lily, he froze for a moment and laughed again. He put her on the bed and tucked her in. After staring at her for a while, he left the room.
	After closing Lily's door, James smiled again.
	'well, forget it. Just pretend that I didn't see her rolling eyes.'.
	Just now he held her up. Although she was awake, she still kept pretending to be asleep. Although she closed her eyes, her eyeballs were still rolling. He would not expose her.
	Alas, what else could he do?
	This cute girl.
Chapter 50 Aunt Shirley's Visit
	Days slipped away in Lily's comic books. The Spring Festival approached unknowingly.
	Lily's routine became more and more regular. She slept, ate and read her comic book one by one. All these three things were in perfect order. On the contrary, James had been busy all day long, no matter how busy he was, he would still find time to have meals with Lily.
	One morning, when James went out of the house and heard from Lara that Lily was eating alone, she felt very lonely.
	The next morning, when James had just left the house, Lily was about to go downstairs for Lara, she heard someone talking downstairs. The voice was neither loud nor low, but it was strong enough. Even if it was a woman's voice, it was also majestic.
	Lily walked quietly to the stairs, crouched down, and observed the living room with her bright eyes.
	On the sofa of the living room, there sat a middle-aged woman. She was well-dressed and had a gentle facial expression. Even if she was in her middle age, she still had a charming appearance. It was completely clear that she was good-looking in the past.
	After preparing the tea for the middle-aged woman, Lara stood aside respectfully.
	Smiling, the woman took a sip of the tea as she savored it. After a long while, she opened her mouth, "this tea is still delicious. He hasn't changed at all. "
	Lara followed the woman and smiled. "Mrs. Shirley, look at what you just said. The tea was sent to Mr. James by you and Mr. Jonathan! Mr. James will definitely like it! "
	The woman shook her head and put down the tea cup. "Alas, if this boy is so easygoing, I don't have to worry about him. It's said that it's not easy to be a stepmother. But it's also not easy to be a birth mother. "
	It turned out that she was James' mother. Lily had never taken the initiative to learn about James or hear him talk about his family. She thought...
	"Mr. James is just stubborn but kind-hearted." Lara stammered, not knowing how to respond.
	"I and his father hoped that he could go back home to celebrate the new year with his family. I would not mention this when he was abroad. Now that he has come back, he doesn't even go home for the Spring Festival. It's rare for him to stay at home during this period! He always make me worry about him! " A hint of anger appeared on Shirley's originally gentle face.
	Lily was lost in her thoughts as she sat on the stairs. Her head accidentally hit the handrail of the stairs, causing a loud noise.
	"Who's that? Is there anyone else at home? Don't James like it to be quiet? " Shirley stood up and went upstairs.
	She got closer and closer.
	Lily had no time to think or to rub the place where she bumped into before she looked at James' mother's eyes.
	Lily was scared. Shirley was too surprised.
	Lily was wearing pink fur clothes and her fair skinned face which made her look like a pleasing angel. Shirley was instantly fond of the little girl in front of her.
	She walked up the stairs with a kind smile and said in a soft voice, fearing that she would frighten the little cutie in front of her. "Who are you? Why are you here? " After that, she held up Lily's hand.
	Lily was awkward, it seemed like she was caught doing something evil, she couldn't say a word.
	Upon hearing the sound, Lara also saw Lily and asked in surprise, "Miss Lillias, why did you come downstairs?"
	"Excuse me, Miss Lillias?" With a confused look on her face, Shirley looked at Lara and then at the girl in front of her. Then she thought that it was not good to stand on the stairs, so she gently held Lily's hand and said, "come down with me."
	Lily had no choice but to go downstairs with her. But Shirley looked very kind, so she didn't feel so scared.
	She came to the living room, Shirley grabbed Lily and sat her down. "What's your name? How old are you? Why are you here? " From her dressing, it was obvious that Lily and James were familiar to each other.
	If she was James' girlfriend, Shirley would rush out to find him and taught him a lesson. He even wanted to hurt such a little girl! Another possibility was that if this girl was his daughter! Shirley might have fainted with had such a granddaughter!
	Shirley's expression suddenly changed. Lily hesitated for a while and said in a low voice, "my name is Lillias. I'm eighteen years old..."
	"Lillias? You said that your surname is Ling! Oh my God! " 'what should I do? I am going to pass out. Do I really have to accept such a big granddaughter? All of a sudden, her granddaughter grew up before she could take care of her? Shirley felt she had lost her value.
	Lily didn't know what to say. She felt embarrassed. She didn't know how to explain the reason why her surname was Ling and how she was involved in her relationship with James.
	On the other side, Shirley pressed her temples, trying her best to control the feeling of fainting. She took out her phone and dialed the phone number of the involved person directly. "What's up?" a cold voice came through the other end of the line Hearing that, Shirley could no longer control her emotions.
	"James! Come back right now! Your villa! Immediately! Now! " As soon as she finished saying that, she hung up the phone before James could answer.
	After hanging up the phone, she was softened a little bit when she saw the fear on Lily's face. After all, it was her son's flesh and blood. Even if she was angry, she shouldn't scare her granddaughter. What was wrong with a child?
	Shirley sighed in her mind. She looked at Lily and asked softly, "you haven't eaten anything, right? What do you want to eat?"
	Before she came back to her senses, Lily replied, "all right."
	Hearing this, Shirley was somewhat relieved. She thought, "She must be James daughter, she talked like him. If I hadn't seen it personally today, I wouldn't have thought that I have such a granddaughter. However, she looked adorable and fond."
	"Lara, please cook some porridge. James will be back soon," Shirley asked Lara to prepare breakfast.
	Then Lara went to the kitchen. In the living room, only Shirley and Lily were looking at each other.
	Lily pondered on how to explain the matter to him after James came back? Or should she accept criticism without a word?' After making a comparison, both of them were not a good idea.
	Shirley was thinking, 'this brat concealed his secret well. Did he say that he went abroad every day but accompany his daughter actually?' It must be! Humph, they are not mean parents. If he has a girlfriend or wants a child, they will be happy. How can they oppose it? Really, let's teach him well.
	The two of them sat in the living room, waiting for James, with their own matters in their minds.
Chapter 51 the Reality
	James got a little annoyed after he received a call from his mother and was scolded by her. It sounded like Shirley had arrived at the villa, and she would see Lillias as well. James decided to go home. He didn't want anything bad to happen.
	Right after he pushed open the door of the general manager's office and walked out, his secretary happened to come to report.
	"Hello, Mr. James. Are you leaving?" The Secretary saw James putting on his coat and was about to go out.
	Hearing that, James stopped, without looking at the secretary or saying a word.
	Getting used to his stern look, the secretary spoke straight to James, "Mr. James, you have a meeting with the marketing department this morning, and in the afternoon, several subsidiaries of the Ling Group have to report work to the headquarters. What do you think? "
	"Cancel it." James caressed his sleeves of the coat and walked out.
	Not daring to interfere in his plan, the secretary returned to inform the other departments of Mr. James' orders.
	James called the driver. He was upset. He had to think hard about how to deal with his mother. Although none of them could interfere with his own arrangement, it was still a trouble. Only when everything was well handled could he feel relieved.
	After thinking all the way, he drove to the villa.
	James opened the door and brought some cold air in.
	It was Lara who came to welcome James. Shirley and Lily sat on the sofa.
	Looking at them, one of them pretended to be angry, while the other looked at them for help. Such a strange combination made James look at Lara. As soon as Lara whispered a few words, he understood what they meant.
	The room was very warm. He took off his coat and walked over to sit on the sofa on the other side. "What's wrong?"
	Upon hearing that, Shirley flew into a rage. "James! Why do you still ask me what's wrong! What happened? " Seeing Lily, Shirley finally decided to ask directly, "who is this girl?"
	"What do you think?" James adjusted his sitting posture to make himself more comfortable.
	"In my opinion? If I could, I wouldn't have to ask you!" Shirley was so angry that the consequence would be terrible.
	Seeing that James didn't say a word, Lillias was too scared to breathe.
	"Where is her mother?" Now that James seemed to acquiesce in her words, Shirley didn't think she could do anything about it. The kids were old enough and they had to go back to the Ling family. Whatever had happened had happened.
	"She passed away." Lily answered in a low voice.
	Shirley turned her eyes to Lily. Lily's mother had passed away. Although the girl was living with James, Shirley knew how busy James was. He didn't have much time to keep her company. Poor girl.
	Shirley had already accepted Lily, and when she heard that Lily's mother had passed away, it was inevitable for her to be softhearted. Sighing silently, she turned to James and asked, "will your father and I object? Why did you do that behind us! We didn't know it until the baby grew up. "
	"Whether you know it or not would not affect my decision." James looked at Lily.
	"You bastard!" Shirley knew that what James said was true.
	Shirley seemed to have made everything clear to her. She planned to hurry up and tell Mr. Jonathan that if he suddenly saw such a big granddaughter, he might be furious and she would go back and persuade him.
	With that, she took her purse and was about to leave. Seeing that Shirley was leaving, Lily stood up and was about to send her off.
	Her action immediately pleased Shirley. She seemed to be a good girl. Shirley had always liked her, and now she liked her even more. After all, blood is thicker than water. She decided to go home to discuss with Mr. Jonathan and make up for it.
	Shirley took a look at Lily, she quickly walked out of the door and got in the car to go home. It was not until she had been far away that she realized that she had forgotten something important! 'I came here to tell James to go back home to celebrate the new year with his family! 'well, forget it. I will ask him to take Lillias to spend the new year with us after I get in touch with Mr. Jonathan.
	James was in a good mood as he sat on the couch. His mother misunderstood him, so he decided to let it go. He didn't want to explain anymore. No matter what, no one had a reason to let him push Lillias away.
	After Shirley left, Lily kept on pondering over it for a long while. What did Shirley mean by giving her a meaningful look at last? Did she like her? Or helpless? Guilty? Love?
	'No, No. This is the first time I've met her, and from the conversation I heard with James, she didn't even know I existed. What did it mean?
	Lost in her thoughts, she slowly walked to the sofa and lay down, completely forgetting James. She lied on the sofa in a comfortable position as usual.
	Thinking of this, she turned over and saw a pair of smiling eyes.
	What?
	Ah!
	Lily sat up as fast as she could, straightened her back, and tried to comfort herself. Then she shifted the topic, "eh, don't you need to go to work?"
	"No, I won't go."
	"You didn't go to work for no reason."
	"And then?"
	"What?" Lily was stopped. She didn't know why.
	Lara came over. It turned out that Shirley had asked Lara to cook the porridge. She had already filled the bowl and put it on the table.
	On this cold winter day, the porridge was steaming. White mist rose from it, and the scent of it filled the air.
	Lily was sitting at the table with James. Lily gently stirred the porridge in front of her with a spoon. Watching the rising mist and feeling the temperature of the porridge passing away little by little, she kept stirring the porridge, but did not eat at all. She was obviously thinking something.
	"Let's eat." As a man who had read a woman's mind, James didn't intend to say anything more. Only actions could calm people down. His simple words would seem weak and pale in front of actions.
	Lily raised her head to look at James and found that he was looking at her. She quickly lowered her head and ate the porridge. Fortunately, it was not hot in winter, or her mouth would be burned.
	James sighed in the mind, thinking that he really raised a reckless daughter.
	Lily ate the porridge in a fluster. After saying goodbye to James, she went back to her bedroom. She didn't know why she just stayed in the room alone.
	She wanted to give herself some space so that she could think it over. During this period of time, her life was as beautiful as a beautiful dream. Today, Shirley seemed to bring her back to reality.
	She had to think it over.
Chapter 52 Granddaughter
	The annual leave was coming. Although people were a little busy, they were happy on the whole. Most of the companies had the same atmosphere. They arranged their annual work to make preparations for the next year and meanwhile waited for their annual bonus. But in the Ling Group, the atmosphere was heavy.
	Early in the morning, the atmosphere in the company was very intense. It was not because of work, nor because of the company, but because of the CEO of the company, who hadn't been to the company for a long time. To everyone's surprise, he had come directly to the CEO's office today.
	In James' office, he was sitting face to face with his father on the other side of the desk. Neither of them spoke, but they both looked intimidating.
	In fact, it was James' father, Jonathan, who had been in the business for many years in his whole life. The Ling Group was the result of his painstaking efforts. He had devoted a lot to maintain the position of the Ling Group, and in fact, he was a person who enjoyed his family very much. Among his several children, the most important person he valued was James, James was wise and calm. He was really a good businessman.
	Now, Jonathan had retired to the second tier. He had given all the real power to James, even if he was still the chairman of the board. If James hadn't refused, Jonathan would have freed himself from the company and enjoyed the freedom of a family.
	It can be said that James has always been very reassuring and satisfying to Jonathan, pushing the Ling Group forward in his career, and in his personal life, he is simple and clean.
	Therefore, when his wife told Jonathan about his granddaughter, his anger erupted. He had suppressed his anger in front of his wife, but now in front of James, he couldn't control his anger at all.
	The two stared at each other without a word. There was anger in Jonathan's eyes, but James was composed as if he was an outsider.
	After a long time of stalemate, Jonathan finally couldn't help but put down his walking stick heavily. He said in a loud voice, "Say it! What happened? "
	James' face remained calm. "My mom must have told you everything. Why bother asking?"
	"I want you to tell me by yourself!" Blue veins stood out on his forehead. He was in a violent state.
	"Why bother?"
	Seeing that James didn't say a word, Jonathan took a step back. "Okay. If you don't tell me, then let me ask you how I educate you all the time! As a member of the Ling Family they should not have the ordinary businessman's bad habits! If you have a son or daughter with a good marriage, nobody dares to say anything about it! But you have an illegitimate daughter! "
	As soon as James heard the words "illegitimate daughter", the expression in his eyes changed. He wouldn't allow anyone to slander Lillias, even if it was his father.
	"If you come here to talk about her, you can leave now." James turned his chair and refused.
	"You!" Jonathan was pissed off. He tried hard to control his anger. "Fine! Then you will never be able to take her into the Ling Family! "
	"I like my villa." James was unaffected at all.
	Just when the atmosphere in the room was so tense that it was out of control, the door was opened and Shirley walked in in a hurry. She came to Jonathan's side, put her hand on his back, and helped him smooth his breath.
	"I just worry that you two will quarrel! You little brat. You should know how to comfort your father. You know he has a high blood pressure. What if he gets sick because of anger? " Shirley pulled Jonathan to sit on the sofa.
	After sitting down, Jonathan restrained his temper. "Humph, it's hard to say exactly who is coaxing."
	"And you! What did I tell you this morning when you left home! Try not to be angry. But look at you! You didn't listen to me at all, did you? " Shirley turned the gun and aimed at her husband. She had been worried that the father and son would quarrel as if they were enemies. Before Jonathan leaving the house in the morning, she had told him for a long time. However, she was still worried about Jonathan, so she asked the driver to send her to the Ling Group. Luckily, I came here in time, otherwise how would Jonathan and James end up? 'Shirley thought.
	Neither father nor son spoke. Jonathan stared angrily at James, who was gazing at the computer beside him, as if he was attentively working.
	"What's done is done. There's nothing to talk about! Indeed, it's James' fault, but he is innocent. I don't know what Lillias will think when she sees you two quarrel like this. Maybe she thinks that we adults don't love her at all. Child in her age are more sensitive. I've seen the girl before. She is a nice, obedient and pleasant child. " Shirley tried her best to ease the tension between the two and make them back to each other.
	"We can't forgive him! Ruining the reputation of the Ling Family! What would others think! There is such a playboy in Ling Family!" If it had happened to anyone else in the Ling Family, he wouldn't have been so angry. But it was James, the one he loved most and the thing he hated most, so he lost his temper.
	"Do you still care about what other people think?" Shirley knew that if Jonathan cared about what others thought of him, he wouldn't have the chance to run the Ling Group.
	Thinking of what he had struggled for when he was young, Jonathan was a little proud of himself. He snorted, "Humph. How could this be compared to the feeling of being admired! I'm just fighting! What's he doing? Corruption! "
	"What are you talking about! If you don't want this granddaughter, I want her! The Ling Family can afford to raise such a little girl! " Shirley also got a little angry.
	Hearing that the tone of his wife changed, Jonathan found himself in a dilemma, "why do you say that! I didn't mean that! "
	As for James, he had been used to the way the old couple got along with each other, so he just stood aside and watched coldly.
	"I don't care about what other people think of me. I'll raise Lillias and bring her to the Ling Family today!" Shirley said in an unquestionable tone.
	James didn't care what other people think, but when it came to Lily, he had to take care of it. And Lily wasn't his real daughter, he didn't admit anything, it was all their guess.
	He said slowly with a calm face, "you two needn't quarrel any more. She is at my house, which is more comfortable than the Ling Family."
	Seeing the angry look on Shirley's face, Jonathan swallowed back the words on the tip of his tongue before he could retort.
	"Okay, I'll let her live with you for the time being. After all, she is kind of familiar with your house. When we have time, we can visit her. We can gradually get familiar with her. No hurry. " Shirley liked Lily, let Lily stay with James. This would not frighten the children, and her husband would not be too angry.
	'Lillias looks young, not tall, and she has a childish face. But does she really look that young?' James thought? Why do they think Lily is his own daughter? They're only twelve years apart. What makes them think that?
	Things were so amazing.'
Chapter 53 I Am Here
	A few days later, the new year was around the corner. James had shifted his focus of work from the company to his home.
	Lily was reading a comic book in her own bedroom, while James was working in his study. Neither of them got involved in each other's business. It was quiet. Only during the meal time, the two people would communicate with each other. They were both familiar with the atmosphere.
	On that day, visitors disturbed the quiet room. It was James' parents who came to visit. Not only did they come, they also brought a lot of gifts.
	As a result, both Lily and James came to the living room. James and Lily sat on the couch, while his parents sat opposite them. They seemed to have negotiated in a business world.
	The tea table in the living room was originally big, but after putting the gift there, it looked a little small.
	The table was full of presents, but they didn't make her happy at all. Looking at the various wrapped gifts on it, Lily was even a little scared and tried to hide herself on the sofa.
	The four people were in a stalemate. It was Shirley who spoke first, "hem... We came here to visit her today and bring her some gifts. I don't know if she will like them. "
	James took a sip of tea and replied coldly, "she's fine. Nothing else." The implication was that he had prepared everything for her.
	Shirley glared at James and said, "of course it's not the same! Is it a problem of shortage! You brat! "
	As a matter of fact, Jonathan was still mad at James, but he couldn't stand Shirley's threats and persuasion. Finally, he had to accompany her to the mall and buy gifts for the girl. He also had the patience to see the girl with Shirley, but he failed. Later, he blew up like a balloon.
	"James Ling..."Frowning, Jonathan said in a low voice. However, he sounded aggressive.
	Lily couldn't help but get nervous as soon as she heard his voice.
	"Don't be so rude to him. There is a child here." Shirley hurried to stop Jonathan from breaking out. She didn't want any conflict between the father and the son to happen again, nor did she want to frighten the nervous child in front of her.
	"What's the matter?" James didn't plan to beat around the bush and went straight to the point. He was very busy and didn't have time to say anything meaningless to his parents. He believed that Lily would not get used to such an atmosphere.
	"Don't say that! Why can't we come here? I really don't know who your personality takes after. If it is your father, at least he still cares his family, how about you! " Shirley looked at the girl's fair complexion and thought that James might not have time to take her out.
	James didn't reply. As he glanced around, he found that Lily's body had become stiff and his heart had softened. Without thinking, he put his hand on her back and comforted her softly, "it's all right. I'm here with you."
	Hearing James' words, Lily realized that the old couple didn't mean to do anything else. Her heart was in her chest, but at least she wasn't as nervous as before.
	Looking at the interaction between the two, Shirley was very surprised. They had been together for so many years, and James had never comforted anyone. If she hadn't seen it with her own eyes this time, she would have thought that he didn't care about anything. But she was right. Kids were growing up now. It was natural for them to be in a good relationship.
	Lily sat there quietly and looked quite adorable. Seeing her like that, Shirley liked her even more.
	She softened her voice and said to Lily in front of her, "you are Lillias, right?"
	Lily nodded and said in a low voice, "yes, I'm Lillias."
	"Good girl! Do you like these gifts? They are for you. " Looking at the gifts on the table, Jonathan bought them together with her. She had found a shopping counselor and bought them after consulting. All the gifts were what Lily would like for her age group.
	Gazing at the gifts on the table, Lily didn't know why they wanted to buy her gifts, but she was grateful. "Thank you. I like them very much."
	"Humph, you said you like it even without looking at it." Jonathan found that unlike other children, this girl was not obsessed with presents. He was a little surprised at Lily's reaction of estrangement and politeness.
	"There is no need to waste time. I will reward her with anything she wants." Just when Lily felt embarrassed, James opened his mouth.
	"All right, all right. "Shirley worried that they would quarrel again. "It's okay as long as the child likes it. Lily, take them back to your room later. You can unwrap them slowly, I'm sure you'll like it."
	Lily was flattered and forgot to answer.
	"The main reason your father and I are here today is to tell you that we are going to spend the Chinese New Year together and that you are going to take Lily home and introduce her to the family on New Year's Eve. Now that you are still at home before the New Year, don't refuse me anymore. If you don't go back to the Ling Family, we can pack up here to celebrate the New Year with you!"
	James didn't want to make a scene during the Spring Festival. But he was afraid that his mother would come over.
	Not giving him a chance to refuse, Shirley continued, "I've asked Lara. Luke is back and they'll celebrate the Spring Festival together. There's no one else here except you and Lily. Who's the cook? Besides, there are only two people for the Spring Festival, which is really cold. Besides, your father also wants you to go back home to celebrate the New Year with him. I'm so happy to see you celebrate the New Year with our family, "
	As Jonathan was about to say "I don't want it", his wife stopped him from making eye contact with him.
	"I can take her out." James didn't think it was a big deal. It was okay for him to have lunch or travel during the Spring Festival. He may not insist on going back to the Ling Family.
	"You bastard! You have various reasons whatever I tell you! Anyway, if I didn't see her on the New Year's Eve, I would pick her up myself. " Shirley didn't want to talk to him anymore. She grabbed Jonathan's hand and said, "let's go home."
	Lily looked at the complicated situation and didn't know what to do.
	"Lily, we're going." Although Shirley was angry with James, it had nothing to do with the child. Shirley said goodbye to Lily before going out with Jonathan.
	After they left, it was quiet again in the room.
	Sitting on the couch, James looked at the things on the table and had a headache. If he took her abroad now, they wouldn't need to deal with them. He thought for a while and decided to let it go.
	On the other hand, Lily looked worried, not knowing what to do
	If you like it, I'll ask Lara to send it to your room later. If you don't like it, I'll handle it for you. " After finishing his words, James went upstairs and continued to work in the study.
	Lily was left alone in the living room, struggling in mind.
Chapter 54 Preparation For New Year's Eve
	On the New Year's Eve, many people came to the quiet villa. When Lily went downstairs, she saw a row of people standing on the sofa.
	Lily didn't know the reason. When she were about to ask Lara, it suddenly came to her mind that Bill and Lara went home with Luke yesterday and gave her a big red envelope which was lucky money.
	Among the group of people standing there, some of them knew Lily. As soon as they saw the Lily coming downstairs, one of them greeted her, "Hello, Miss Lillias."
	After taking a closer look at that person, Linda suddenly recalled that the person before her was the one who always sent her clothes. The person would have a chat with Lily when she tidied up Lily's wardrobe. It seemed that Lily did know her.
	"Hello." Lily gave her a friendly smile.
	That person knew that Lily was an easy-going person, so she was not surprised by Lily's attitude. But in others' eyes, it was a piece of shocking news. They had seen a lot of rich women who were either arrogant or unreasonable. Some of the rich women were hypocritical and few of them showed a friendly attitude.
	"Come here." Sitting on the sofa, James waved at Lily when he saw her.
	Lily went over and sat on the sofa beside the bed. She looked at James with her eyes full of earnest.
	It turned out that it was Shirley's mother who had urged him to bring Lily to the Ling Family's house. James had just planned to have a family reunion dinner with the Ling Family, and then went back to the villa to celebrate the new year. She wouldn't stay there for a long time. Even if she had something important to deal with, James would accompany her.
	Lily understood what James meant. She looked at the people standing by and asked with confusion, "then what about the others?"
	"They will make some preparations for you." James had arranged everything. There were a few people of the Ling Family that were hard to deal with. Although there was no big problem, It would be better to shut their mouths. So, he had prepared everything for Lily.
	Lily didn't ask more questions. She knew James would take care of everything, and things she needed to do was following obediently.
	Watching Lily and the others went upstairs, James sat in the living room. His eyes dimmed. He thought about what his mother had told him last night, and that they would meet each other sooner or later, so he'd better meet the people as soon as possible. He didn't want to arouse suspicion from everyone in the future. In exchange, he promised to go home and celebrate New Year's Eve together. But he proposed a requirement, he wouldn't tell anyone about Lily's identity.
	Did they want to do an investigation? He had destroyed all the information about who he was and the only person he knew was none other than Emmett's.
	Lily went to her bedroom. Soon enough, the other person entered her bedroom. All of a sudden, the room became a little crowded. There were dressers, makeup artists and stylists. All of them provided Lily with service.
	Seeing that they were busy, Lily cooperated with them very much. Although they said that it would depend on her taste, they still followed James's aesthetic standard. Otherwise, how could she wear so little in such a cold day.
	In fact, Lily didn't understand much about it except the dress.
	She wore a white bottoming skirt, which was of knee length. Without too much decoration, this skirt was cute and naughty. A light pink overcoat was worn outside. It was suitable to the age of Lily.
	James had told them about the requirements. As a result, the cosmetician dared not show any disrespect on Lily's face. Lily was originally fair. With a light makeup, she became more beautiful and fresh. They even chose the lipstick with the lightest color.
	After several hours of hard work, a fresh beauty had been successfully created. She wore light colors. It looked simple and fresh but not vulgar. The way she dressed up was exactly James's style. Lily liked simple dressing, and she thought it was good to have a simple dressing.
	However, Lily was unaccustomed to make-up, even though she was only wearing light make-up, she feel a bit unaccustomed. But after looking into the mirror a few more times, she didn't feel as shy as she used to be.
	She finally sorted herself out and went downstairs. James was waiting for her in the living room.
	Compared to Lily's change, James was much more casual. He dressed casually, and there was no big difference between his usual clothes. He was still in suits and overcoat, but the aura of him was more charming than that of others.
	Lily walked over. Watching her, James should be very satisfied
	Having delayed a long time, James and Lily wound go out. They went to Ling Family's house.
	The men walking behind them looked at the James and Lily. James was tall but Lily was short. James was in black but Lily was in pink. James was composed but Lil was lively. but even though their styles were different, it did not affect the subtle relationship between them.
	Having gotten used to his care, James opened the door for her gently and didn't ponder over the meaning behind it.
	The driver today was not Zelda or James's usual driver, but someone from the Ling Family. This man had worked in Ling Family for many years. Although he was not as good as Bill and Lara, he still knew something about James. Mrs. Shirley let the driver to pick up Mr. James and an important person.
	He had wondered who this important person was, but he didn't expect that this important person was so important. How could icily cold James open the car door for her. The driver looked at the young girl, who looked unsophisticated and innocent, but was not particularly attractive.
	When the driver was about to take another look at them, he heard a cold voice from the back seat.
	"You can leave after you get your salary of this month."
	The driver's eyes widened in an instant and looked at James in horror. In this cold winter, perspiration began to appear on his forehead. "No… Mr. James… I'm sorry… I… I didn't mean to… Please don't dispute with me… I… I'm sorry… I'm sorry. " He couldn't lose this job. The Ling Family members were nice and paid him well. His family still needed this job, and the heavy housing mortgage was depending on this job. So he apologized incoherently.
	"Humph!" James snorted coldly.
	Seeing that James didn't respond, the driver thought that he didn't care it anymore. After all, in his eyes, James was always a quiet man, so he heaved a sigh of relief.
	Some people didn't care the things they didn't care. Once someone else touch the things they really care, he or she would attack the persons until the persons lost their last consciousness.
	James opened the door, went to the driver's seat, opened it, and said in a colder voice, "get off." He said in a tough tone.
	Lillias was cared by James and someone's offending Lillias would arouse James's rebellious character.
Chapter 55 The Ling Family
	After throwing the driver out of the car, James sat in the driver's seat. It seemed that he was going to drive back to the Ling Family.
	Looking at what was happening just now, Lily was confused, not knowing what was going on. She didn't know why James expel the driver. 'It is cold outside, and there are few cars on the road. From the villa to the downtown, it is far. Standing on the roadside, the driver might be frozen.'
	In a Lily's impression, James was not that kind of person who would easily lose his temper. Probably there was a reason behind it.
	Hence, all Lily could do was to sit in the back seat and watching James driving.
	James drove the car absent-mindedly. Fortunately, it was New Year's Eve. There were few cars on the street. After driving for a while, they arrived at the Ling Family.
	Before the car stopped, Lily had seen the Ling Family's old house through the car window.
	This villa was different from James's villa full of quietness and elegance. This villa was unsophisticated and dignified. Perhaps because of the lawn and swimming pool in the villa, the Ling Family's house didn't make people have sense of distance.
	Seeing that the car drove into the gate of the Ling Family, Shirley walked out at once. She was surprised to find that James was driving. "James, why are you driving? I have asked the driver to pick you up! Where's the driver? "
	James opened the door and stepped out. He said casually, "I don't want to see him again."
	She knew that James wasn't a man who liked to stir up trouble, but she guessed that he might be displeased by something the driver had done. Never mind. She was only a driver. Compared with James and Lillias, the driver was nothing at all.
	James opened the door for Lily and watched her getting off.
	Shirley hurried forward and grabbed her arm. "Lily. I'm glad you're here. Come on in with me. It's cold outside. "
	Lily tried to withdraw her hand as she didn't adapt. But seeing that Shirley was so enthusiastic, she had to behave restrained.
	After taking two steps, she looked up and found a lot of people standing in front of her. Men and women had different expressions, some were surprised, some were curious and some were disdainful. However, all of them had one common goal that was Lily.
	"What are you doing here! Come on in. It's warm inside. Go and make tea, Esther. " Shirley felt Lily's tension and thought of dispersing those standing at the door first.
	Lily finally entered the living room and sat down. Although the living room of the Ling Family was large, it was still a little crowded now.
	Several pairs of eyes was on Lily. Being nervous, Lily didn't show any interest to appreciate the Ling Family. Instead, Lily sat straight beside James and carefully observed the atmosphere around her.
	It seemed that this was because the whole family gathered together on New Year's Eve, and some of them were younger generation, there was a faint smile on Jonathan's face. Although Jonathan did not show much enthusiasm towards Lily, at least he would not frown when looked at Lily.
	"Come on. Lily, have some fruits." The table was full of food. Thinking of Lily's coming, Shirley wanted to give all the delicious food to her. Thinking of what she promised James, Shirley didn't intend to introduce Lily's identity. But before Lily came, she had told everyone in advance that they shouldn't ask the inappropriate things, shouldn't say the inappropriate things and shouldn't think the inappropriate things.
	"Brother, why are you go back home during the Spring Festival this year?" The man who spoke was actually James' brother, who was Cleve. The reason why he asked so was not because he was affectionate, but because he was a little defensive. He thought carefully about why James hadn't been at home for so many years, but why did he come back this year? What was his purpose?
	James had no special feelings for his brother. He looked away, saying, "it's none of your business."
	"You! 'James! What do you mean? " Cleve was annoyed. 'For so many years, James's attitude towards me is still the same. James is still high and always blocked in front of me. Even every time others talked about Ling Family, they thought of James. We are both children of Ling Family, Why can he be the special one. '
	"Who taught you to call me by my name? You only grow courage rather than competence. " James's eyes coldly fell on Cleve, without emotion.
	"Brother, Cleve was not intentional. Don't take it to your heart," The speaker was Cleve's wife, Rachel.
	"Humph!" Jonathan snorted, "You are not embarrassed to say your younger brother. You are so capable, but I haven't seen you... Well... Well...You won't listen. " Originally Jonathan wanted to say that James was not married yet when he was at this age. But since Lillias was there, Jonathan thought it would be improper to say this topic in front of children. He decided not to continue saying.
	"What do you talking about? Come on, Lily. This is Molly. Play with it. It is obedient. " Shirley went out and brought in a new member, which was three-year-old Molly.
	Molly was a golden retriever, and it was obedient. It was brought up by Shirley. At ordinary times, Shirley would not let others touch Molly. Moreover, Molly liked to follow Shirley and seldom played with others.
	Lily was only a child, when she saw a dog, her nervous and cautious eyes suddenly were lit up.
	When she was single in her childhood, Lily always thought that she could have a dog to accompany her. But she only thought that. How could she took care of a dog since she even couldn't take care of herself then.
	But now, she saw the meek and obedient Molly. She liked Molly from the bottom of her heart.
	The most amazing thing was that it seemed that it wasn't the first time for Molly to see Lily. Molly took the initiative to play with Lily in the presence of so many people. It ran to Lily, put its hands on Lily's knees, and shook its tail quickly to show its inner joy. It lowered its head, opened its big mouth and breathed.
	"Oh, Edgar, you like soft woman. Lily, Molly requires you to stroke it. Let me tell you. You are the first one who can make Molly ask for stroke besides me. " Seeing that Molly looked so happy, Shirley was surprised at Molly's response, but she was also very happy.
	After hearing what Shirley said, Lily give off a sweet smile, and her happy mood was almost overflowing. She raised her hand, slowly put it on the head of Molly and stroked it. The hair being touched, Molly narrowed her eyes happily.
	Seeing that Molly and Lily played happily, James was in a good mood. He knew that Molly was a meek dog, but it would not play with someone initiatively. James's seldom going back to the Ling Family, Molly just stood aside and shook its head.
	Seeing that Molly was so fond of Lily, James thought it was not bad.
	However, this scene was somewhat glaring in the eyes of others.
Chapter 56 The Third Father And Son
	"Molly! Come here! " Cleve called Molly loudly. He was so annoyed that Molly almost ignored him when he was at home. When Shirley was at home, Molly just wandered around with her. When Shirley left, Molly went back to his kennel and couldn't be amused with food.
	"Why are you shouting?" Shirley doted on Molly very much. Hearing Cleve speaking in such a loud voice, she was a little dissatisfied.
	Criticized by Shirley, Cleve was not convinced and grumbled, "it's just a dog! Why do you protect it so much! I'm your son! What's the matter? "
	"Brat, I told you many times. Be nice to Molly. No wonder Molly didn't play with you at ordinary times! " "Lily, Just play with Molly," Shirley said, glaring at Cleve. Then she went to the kitchen. As the whole family were celebrating New Year's Eve together, she wanted to show her cooking skill.
	"Mom, let me help you." Rachel said. When she saw Shirley walking towards the kitchen, she also offered to help Shirley.
	After they left, there were only three people left in the living room. They were Jonathan, James, Cleve, Lillias and Molly. Except Molly and Lily, the other three persons didn't make any movement.
	All of a sudden, Molly walked away as if it remembered something. Then it waved its big tail and trotted to a shelf. Lily looked in the direction of Molly and found that the shelves were full of dog toys and snacks. It turned out to be Molly's secret base.
	Standing in front of the shelf, Molly suddenly reached a ball on the top of the shelf. It bit the ball with its mouth and ran happily to Lily. It placed the ball on Lily's leg and then lay on the ground, trying to shake its tail and looking up at Lily.
	Lily had thought that Molly wanted to play basketball with her, but she didn't dare to do that in other person's house. She discreetly stole a glance at James and wanted to know his opinion.
	With a smile in his eyes, James looked at Molly and said, "play with her."
	Lily thought that he had agreed with her to play with Molly, and she was thrilled inside. But in fact, James had agreed with Molly's requirement. In his eyes, Lily was always good.
	As she was about to walk to the other side of the corridor and play with Molly, she heard James saying, "take off your coat. You'll get sweaty later."
	After that, James stood up and was about to take off Lily's coat. He took the coat and placed it on the back of the sofa next to him. Looking at Lily and Molly playing on one side, he adjusted his sitting posture to keep Lily in his sight all the time.
	Seeing that James treated Lily so well that he took her clothes personally, Jonathan and Cleve couldn't help but be surprised.
	"Brother, it's too much for you! Although Shirley didn't mention it, seeing Lillias, Cleve had gotten a rough idea of things. Cleve didn't expect that James would treasure Lillias so much.
	Jonathan didn't retort, nor did he disagree Cleve's words.
	However, James only looked at Molly and Lily and said, "when do I need you to know everything about me?"
	"I just care about you! You... "
	"No need." James interrupted coldly.
	"Shut up! You quarrel every time you meet! " Glancing at Lily, Jonathan thought for a moment and lowered his voice, "Cleve's saying was right. What are you going to do next? Do you want to continue like this? "
	After all, Jonathan was a business woman. The first thing that came to his mind was the long-term plan. He didn't want her son, who he valued most, to lose his bright future because of a child.
	James didn't respond. It was his responsibility to protect Lily.
	Jonathan sighed and continued, "we will take good care of her. As you can see, we will treat her well. You just need to do your job, manage the company well, and find a suitable person, you have to consider the rest of your life! Cleve has been married, but you hasn't got any family yet. How can you be so rude? "
	James was never worried about his career, but in other aspects, he was a little... There were a lot of girls outside who wanted to marry James. But all of them needed to be accepted by James, and also approved by the Ling Family.
	Suddenly, a person came to her mind, "Oh, a few days ago, Charlotte from the Qiao Family visited us. She is a good girl." The meaning behind Jonathan's words was clear. Both Jonathan and Shirley were quite satisfied with Charlotte. Although Charlotte was the favorite daughter of the Qiao Family, she was not arrogant at all. She was gentle and generous. Such a girl was the best choice for the elders.
	"Do you want the Ling Family and the Qiao Family to unite by marriage?" James' face turned cold.
	"It's because parents saw that Charlotte also likes you, so they propose so!" Cleve said, breaking the silence.
	James cast a cold glance at him and said, "you don't need to get involved in my business. If you insist on tying me to Charlotte, then you are going to ruin the Qiao Family and the Ling Family. "
	The Qiao family was famous and influential in the government. Charlotte was the beloved daughter of the Qiao Family. If she married into an ordinary family, that would be okay. But if she didn't marry into an ordinary family, even if they didn't have any other purpose. However, everyone knew what they wanted to do. As for James, he was the most outstanding member of the Ling Family. With the Ling Family's status in the business circle, if the two families united, they would really be on the verge of collapse.
	Jonathan had also thought of such things, but compared with others, he believed that Charlotte was the most suitable one to James.
	While Lily and Molly were playing. Lily threw the balls, Molly ran over to pick them up, and Lily kept smiling.
	"You can't take care of her like this. Anyway, let her live here first." It seemed that Jonathan announce his decision.
	"Do you think I will agree?" James smiled, laughing at his father's simplicity. How could James put Lily elsewhere.
	"Are you unhappy that dad and mom will help you to raise Lily? Forget it, Dad, don't worry about him anymore. Anyway, he won't appreciate it." Cleve gave Jonathan a difficult and embarrassing position.
	Jonathan snorted heavily to express his dissatisfaction, but he said nothing. He didn't want to have a quarrel with James on New Year's Eve.
	He shifted his gaze from James to Cleve, and suddenly changed the subject. "It's James's business. How about you! Cleve! You and Rachel have been married for years. When will you have a child? "
	At the mention of the child, Cleve's face darkened. "Well, why did you mention it?" he asked
	Jonathan wanted to say something more, but Shirley walked out of the kitchen and said, "everyone, come here. It's time for dinner. Our family haven't been together like this for a long time. "
Chapter 57 The New Year's Eve
	"Come on, Molly. You like Lily so much." Shirley found that Molly was playing balls with Lily. "This is Molly's most precious ball! It seems that there is a good fate between Lily and Molly. "
	Hearing that, Lily stood up. Seeing that, Molly ran over and rubbed against Shirley's leg, wagging its tail.
	"I like Molly, too! Molly is so obedient! " Molly and Lily had been playing for a long time. Lily was not as nervous as before, and she began to chat with Shirley.
	Shirley liked Lily, and she was very happy to see that Lily liked Molly so much. "That's good. Come and have dinner first, and then play with Molly."
	James walked over. "Follow me." He looked at Lily's confused face and added, "wash your hands with me. You've just played with Molly for a long time. Why don't you wash your hands?"
	It sounded like James was reproaching Lily. But the adults present all captured the love in his voice.
	Lily didn't think too much and followed behind James. She went to wash her hands and was ready to eat.
	Perhaps because they hadn't had dinner together for a long time, they felt a little uncomfortable. Fortunately, Shirley was active and said, "James, pick up food for Lily. Cleve, don't stand still, pick up food for Rachel, and Rachel has been busy with us this afternoon. "
	"I'm just helping mom. How can I help her?" Rachel smiled sheepishly and looked humble.
	Although there were only five or six persons eating, Shirley prepared a large table of dishes. Generally speaking, it was not ordinarily sumptuous. But many dishes were complicated in procedures and labor of efforts, and it took a long time to make them.
	"We are a family. Our family seldom gather together in a year. This year, James won't go abroad and Cleve will come back. At the last day of the year, all the members of our family are together. How happy we are. So, I propose a toast for our gathering. "
	Everyone in the room echoed her. Shirley always talked about family reunion, and now she was the happiest one among all the people. Of course, they didn't want to make her unhappy.
	There had been no young people in the house since before, so the servant did not notice to pour the red wine into Lily's glass. James took a look at it and brought the glass over. Then he waved at the servant next to him, "go and make a glass of juice."
	"Oh, I forgot! That's it! Please give Lily a glass of juice! " Shirley was surprised that her son should be so considerate, although he used to be indifferent to anything. After all, he was a "father" now.
	After changing the juice, the episode was over.
	Everyone raised their glasses to celebrate the reunion.
	Jonathan picked up some food for his wife and said gently, "thank you."
	"You don't have to do that. I can't be happier if we can unite as a family!" Thinking that Molly was the only one to accompany their old couple at ordinary time, watching the whole family sitting on a table for dinner, Shirley felt warm in her heart.
	"By the way! Mom, won't those several cousins come this year! I don't want to upset myself. " The nightmares a few years ago flashed through Cleve's mind.
	Everyone's face darkened except for Lily.
	"Even if you don't want them to come, they still don't want to come!" Although Jonathan didn't like those young men, she was still the elder of the Ling Family. She couldn't say things so casually.
	"Well, I heard that they will not come here during the Spring Festival," Shirley looked a little embarrassed.
	The cousins they talked about were the children of Shirley's disappointing brother. Even Shirley herself did not like those kids, not to mention that the Ling Family could not accept. But for the sake of family bond, she had never refused them.
	"Don't be unhappy. Let's have dinner first. The dishes will be cold," She didn't want to mention those annoying past things again.
	Lily didn't know who they were talking about. She had been eating quietly, perhaps because she had followed James for a long time, and gradually developed a habit of not talking while ate or slept.
	"Brother," Cleve raised his glass suddenly. "I'd like to propose a toast to you. I have nothing else to talk about, and I hope you can spend more time with dad and mom."
	James raised his glass slowly and clinked it against Cleve's glass.
	Perhaps others thought that James's reaction was too cold, but Shirley didn't think so. In the past, when such things happened, either James didn't mention it, or he just sneered. But today, he agreed. If Shirley had known that James would behave like this after he had his child, she would have forced him to marry long ago.
	During the dinner, the atmosphere was harmonious. Shirley told the interesting stories of Molly and made Lily smile. Lily was in a good mood, and a smile formed on James' lips.
	In fact, Jonathan didn't like Lily very much. However, Lily was quiet and obedient, so he didn't hate her.
	Molly quietly lay aside, waiting for Shirley to feed itself after meal.
	The quietest person at the table was actually Rachel, Cleve's wife. She didn't say a word. Although she would also coordinate to smile, she rarely ate.
	Seeing that, Shirley asked lightly, "Rachel, you and Cleve have to have a child as soon as possible. If Cleve bullies you, just tell me, I will speak for you. "
	"What? We are fine!" Cleve annoyed.
	Cleve was not as composed as James. Most of the time, Cleve's true feelings were reflected on his face. At once, Shirley knew that something must be wrong with the young couple.
	But she knew that she shouldn't get involved in their business. She knew the truth that cleverness was misled by cleverness.
	Seeing that the atmosphere was about to get cold, Shirley quickly took out the gift she had prepared in advance.
	"Here you are. Rachel, This is for you. I hope you two can get along well." Shirley passed a red envelope to Rachel.
	"Thank you, father and mother." Rachel stood up and took the money with a sincere smile on her face. She knew that Jonathan and Shirley loved her sincerely.
	"You don't need to thank me. We're family. Come on, Lily. This is lucky money we give you. I hope you can live a healthy and happy life. " Shirley thought of what James had said to her, and changed her words.
	Lily didn't know why Shirley did that.
	"Take it!" Seeing that Lily hadn't accepted the gift, Jonathan reminded her.
	Lily stood up when she saw the smile in James' eyes. She took the gift carefully and thanked her in a low voice. However, the red packet was like a hot potato. Lily had no mood to continue eating.
Chapter 58 Go Home With Me
	The family dinner was in harmony even though everyone had their own thoughts.
	After dinner, Shirley went to prepare food for Molly. The other people sat in the living room and watched the Spring Festival Gala with Jonathan. Perhaps it was because of the Ling Family's personality that all of them were calm, except that sometimes Lily would follow the programs to laugh.
	In the past many years, the Ling Family members had a calm and harmonious atmosphere during the New Year's Eve. Jonathan was used to this kind of atmosphere. But now, Lily came here, listening to her young voice, Jonathan seemed to feel that the life of the Ling family was getting more and more alive.
	After accompanying Molly finishing its dinner, Shirley brought Molly to the living room. Molly immediately jumped off the sofa and lay down by Lily's side. Molly just finished its meal and wanted to have a comfortable sleep now.
	"Oh, you don't need me anymore!" Shirley looked at Molly and said.
	Lily was also very happy. It's rare for Molly to like her so much.
	"Since Lily loves Molly so much, how about Lily sleep here tonight?" Shirley asked Lily.
	"No way." James turned down her offer directly.
	"Hey, I didn't ask you!" But it didn't affect Shirley's good mood. She smiled and said, "come on, Lily, I would take you to see something."
	As soon as she finished saying that, Shirley stood up and walked to Lily to hold her. Seeing that James frowned, Shirley said crossly, "rest assured! Brat! Show respect to the elders. "
	Looking at Lily's eyes, James didn't say anything, but he didn't object too.
	Lily understood what James meant, and walked towards Shirley with a smile. However, after that, Molly woke up immediately. Seeing that the two people he cared most left, Molly immediately jumped off the sofa, wagged its tail and followed them closely.
	Shirley led Lily to a room on the second floor. As soon as Shirley opened the door, Lily knew that it was a girl's room.
	The wooden floor was covered with a light furry blanket. And there was a pink princess bed. The style of the room was similar to that of Lily's room now, but something was different. Lily's was with a French window and a large balcony. While in this room, there was a wide couch, through the windows above the couch, you could see the outside scene.
	There was also a simple tent in the room, as if a small world was separated.
	Shirley came in with Lily, while Molly walked past them and lay on the carpet leisurely.
	"Molly, this is not for you. Come on, Lily. Do you like it?" Shirley put her hand on Lily's shoulder, with a soft voice and a loving expression.
	"For me?" Lily answered, feeling a little surprised and flattered.
	"Yes, this is your room from now on. Do you like it? And it had only been decorated simply. When you move in, we can buy some furniture, okay? " Shirley came to the tent with Lily and said, "look. This tent can be your secret place. Look."
	Lily squatted down and looked at the tent. It was simple to look from outside, but there was a scenery in the tent. Thanked to Shirley that she set up all kinds of snacks and game machines inside.
	"Do you like it?" Shirley squatted down and asked Lily, touching Molly.
	'perhaps she loves James so much and care about me too. But now, she's so kind to me, ' Lily thought. Then Lily turned around and smiled at Shirley, "thank you. I like it very much."
	"You don't have to thank me. I'm glad that you like it." Shirley held Lily's hands and earnestly rubbed them. As Shirley saw tears in Lily's eyes, she choked, "good girl."
	Seeming to notice that there was something wrong with her voice, Molly stood up all of a sudden and came to Shirley's side. Molly placed his head on her knees as a comfort.
	Lily was so touched by Molly's comforting behavior. Lily remained silent and didn't want to disturb them.
	After a while, Shirley said slowly, "Molly, do you know that you have a heavy head, and my legs are almost numb! "
	Warm atmosphere between them vanished. Lily chuckled.
	"Go, go, go play with Lily." Shirley gave Molly a soft nudge to Lily.
	Shirley had her own selfish motives. She liked Lily, but she didn't want Lily hinder her son. Lily and Molly got along well with each other, so Shirley decided to leave Lily in the room.
	When Shirley was still thinking about how to explain it to the person downstairs, she heard someone knocking at the door. She turned around and found the man downstairs was coming.
	"You brat, are you afraid that your mother will bully Lily? "Shirley gave James a stare.
	James ignored, looking at the room, and looked at the person touching Molly. He was clear, but his attitude was firm.
	"Come home with me, Lillias." James stood at the door and said in a serious tone.
	Then Lily stood up and said with a smile, "okay." As a matter of fact, she would listen to James no matter what he said. But compared here, she preferred her and James's home, where she would be more comfortable.
	Shirley sighed in her mind, 'well, it's still a long time.
	"You leave as soon as you came back. People who don't know us might think that we mean to be mean to you! " Shirley said angrily, "Molly, come over. Let's go downstairs."
	When Shirley was out, Lily stuck out her tongue at James. Then they went downstairs together.
	James walked over and took the coat. Then he told the others, "we'll gone."
	"It will snow later." Jonathan said without turning his head.
	"Father means you and she can stay here." Biting the apple, Cleve helped Jonathan to explain.
	After casting a glance through the window of the living room, James walked towards Lily and gave her coat. "It's okay. I'll be careful."
	Seeing that Jonathan's face was about to darken, Shirley hurriedly said, "Okay, okay. Then you should set off early and try not to meet the snow. Be careful. Or ask a driver to come here. You just drank some red wine."
	"It doesn't matter." James knew he had to drive. He only drank a little just now, and now the alcohol had gone.
	Shirley was still a little worried, but she was clear that she couldn't keep her son. It was rare for him to have dinner at home today.
	After saying goodbye to the others, Lily left behind James.
	Shirley stood at the door of her house, looking at the situation worriedly. Through the window, Cleve took a look at the situation, seeing that Jonathan seemed indifferent, but he listened to the sound outside the door with his ears.
	The sound of the car gradually faded away.
Chapter 59 Uninvited Guests
	As soon as James left, an uninvited guest came to visit Ling Family.
	The man stood in front of the gate of the Ling Family. He seemed to have walked a long distance. His face was red with cold. He rang the bell again and again, as if he wouldn't stop until master came out.
	Hearing the doorbell ring, Esther walked out of the kitchen and was about to ask who was outside when she found that it was someone she knew. It was the driver of the Ling Family.
	The driver knelt down at the sight of Esther. It was very cold outside, let alone on the ground. But he just knelt down directly.
	"What's wrong with you, Tristan?" Esther asked anxiously, standing at the door.
	There was no blood on the Tristan's face. He said in an almost frozen voice, "Esther, I beg you. Please help me find Mr. Jonathan. and Mrs. Shirley. I want to see them."
	Seeing him like this, Esther felt pitiful for him. But she was not a sentimental woman. She quickly turned her head and asked with concern, "what do you want?"
	"I'm here to beg the Mr. Jonathan and Mrs. Shirley, Esther! Please tell them for me! " Tristan raised his voice.
	"Okay, I'll go inside to tell them. Wait for me!" Seeing him, Esther walked into the house to tell Mrs. Shirley Mr. Jonathan and Mrs. Shirley.
	When Esther entered the living room, she came to Shirley's side and said in a low voice, "Mrs. Shirley, come out and have a look. Someone is looking for you! "
	"Looking for me?" Shirley was confused, but looking at Esther's expression of embarrassment, she did not ask more, stood up, and went out without thinking too much.
	Night began to fall and the temperature was much lower. When they walked out, Shirley shivered with cold.
	"Mrs. Shirley!" When the driver saw Shirley coming out, he shouted, as if he saw hope.
	Shirley was shocked by the hoarse voice, as if her heart was stabbed by a piece of ice. She looked outside and found that it was the driver, so she walked over.
	"Tristan?" Shirley was a little surprised.
	"Mrs. Shirley! Please decide for me! " Seeing her coming, the driver cried and complained with his husky voice. He knew that Shirley was the nicest one in the Ling Family.
	"What's wrong? Didn't I ask you to pick up Mr. James? Why does Mr. James drive by himself? '? Why are you here now? What happened? " Shirley had been confused all the time. She asked all the questions as soon as she saw Tristan.
	"Mrs. Shirley! I went to pick up Mr. James as you asked. Everything was fine, and Mr. James got in the car, but suddenly, Mr. James asked me to get my salary and leave. I don't know anything! As a result, Mr. James asked me to stop the car all of a sudden, and then he got me out of the car and drove back himself. But I really don't know anything! " Tears were welling up in Tristan's eyes. What he said almost convinced Shirley.
	But Shirley knew that James wasn't a person who would easily lose his temper. Thinking of what he had said a moment ago, she asked, "Tristan, tell me honestly, did you do something that upset Mr. James? You haven't stayed at the Ling Family for a long time, but you know his temper very well. So, just tell me the truth. "
	The driver thought for a while. Anyway, he just took a look at the little girl. It was not a big deal. Mrs. Shirley would certainly not care. It was better to tell Mrs. Shirley the truth rather than tell a lie which would be seen through. Anyway, Mrs. Shirley was easy to persuade.
	So the driver said that he just looked at Lily for a while and that he didn't mean anything else.
	As the driver finished his words, the expression on Shirley's face changed. Not to mention how important that girl was to James, even it was her, she would not stand others spying on her, let alone with unidentified intentions. Originally Shirley had a mood of pitying the driver, and now the mood disappeared in an instant.
	"Humph!" Shirley snorted.
	Hearing that, the driver was stunned. It was not the reaction he had expected, but he still knelt down and begged. After all, he couldn't lose this job.
	"The Ling Family will give you the full penny. Now, I don't want to see you again. Please leave my house." Shirley didn't care him anymore. It was her good manner to be nice to him.
	The driver was stunned. "No! Mrs. Shirley! Please let me explain! You can't fire me for such a trivial matter! I have served the Ling Family for so many years, and you know that I have always been working earnestly! Mrs. Shirley! "
	"In the eyes of the Ling Family, no sand is allowed." With these words, Shirley turned around and was about to go in.
	Just as she turned around, she saw Jonathan walk out. It turned out that Jonathan had noticed that his wife had been out for a long time. He was worried about she, so he got up and went out to look for her.
	Aunt Shirley felt warm in her heart and stepped forward quickly. "What's going on? Your hands are so cold! You're still outside! Who is outside? It sounds familiar. "
	Jonathan wanted to hear more about it. Shirley took him to the room and said, "no one but a beggar. I'll ask Esther to handle this. Let's go inside. It's so cold outside. "
	Hearing her wife's words, Jonathan nodded and went in.
	As soon as Shirley entered, she looked for Esther and whispered, "ask him to leave. If he doesn't listen to you, ask the security guard to drive him away. Tell the security guard not to let him in any more."
	Esther nodded and did as Shirley asked.
	"Mom, who is it? It seems that he is shouting outside. Do you need me to have a look? " Cleve asked while eating snacks.
	"No need for that, Cleve. How old are you now? You still have snacks!" Shirley sat down. After drinking the hot tea, her body was almost warm. She pushed the food in front of Rachel, "Rachel, eat it. Don't spoil that bad boy!"
	Rachel nodded her head and said, "Cleve is good."
	"Mom! Please stop teasing me! " Cleve pretended to be dissatisfied, both his hands and his mouth not stopping.
	"You brat! I really worry about you two! You two are both my children, but your personalities are so different! One looked like a Buddha, and the other looked like a monkey! You are all annoying! " Shirley felt a headache at the thought of these two brothers.
	Hearing Shirley's words, Cleve didn't say anything but smiled.
	Speaking of the two brothers, a lot of memories surged up. Shirley and Jonathan began to recall the past. They talked about the fight between the two brothers.
	At the mention of losing the game, Cleve desperately denied it. And he kept saying that Shirley had a mistake. However, at the moment, Rachel was sitting beside her, with a gentle smile on her face.
	Jonathan listened carefully to his wife while he drank the tea.
	Outside the house, the driver was driven out of the house and he was walking resentfully. The more he thought about it, the angrier he became. The original kind-hearted face was full of malicious aura.
	The seeds of hatred were planted.
Chapter 60 Quincy Is Angry
	As soon as Lily returned to the villa of James, Lily felt relaxed, and her happy mood could be seen through the steps of her running upstairs.
	She was in a hurry to go upstairs. Lily realized that she forgot to take her cellphone when she reached Ling Family. She had made an appointment with Quincy last night that they would have a video call today. Lily promised last night, but she forgot to bring her mobile phone today. Without thinking too much, she knew that Quincy must be angry.
	Lily checked his phone and found there were dozens of missed calls and unread messages besides the video calls of Quincy.
	At the same time, Lily's heart were almost trembling. She was trying to open all the messages.
	The first one.
	"Lillias! Answer the phone! It snowed heavily in my house! I made a snowman. Its name is Lillias. Answer the phone! I want to show you! "
	The second one.
	"What are you doing?! Don't you get up! Ha ha ha! It seems that you need a snow battle to awaken you! "
	The third one.
	"Honey! Dad will be angry if you don't answer my call! "
	Chapter n.
	"You're dead! ! ! ! !"
	Seeing this line of exclamations, Lily thought of nothing but death. She could even imagine how Quincy looked like when she was angry. It seemed that this time Lily needed to coax her patiently.
	With her trembling hands, Lily took a deep breath and started the most difficult work at the moment - call back to Quincy.
	With restless heart, Lily call back with the phone and found that the call was waiting to be answered. The smooth voice on the other end of the phone was slowly tapped on Lily's heart, as if she was being sentenced.
	The phone rang for a long time, but no one answered it. Lily thought that Quincy really got angry.
	At the same time, Quincy was holding his arm and looking at the screen of her mobile phone, which showed that it was Lillias. Normally, she would be very happy and would immediately run to answer it. But today, she was showing her anger to Lily! So she didn't answer the phone immediately. She stared at the phone angrily, as if she was looking at Lily.
	Lily knew that Quincy must be angry. After the phone rang for quite a while, but nobody answered it. When Lily was about to send a message to Quincy, the call was connected.
	At last, Quincy could not help but answer the phone. Without saying anything, she waited for Lily to coax her.
	While on the other hand, Lily was surprised at Quincy's answering the call. Before she could say something, she had to apologize first, "Quincy! I'm so sorry. I left my phone at home today. Quincy, blame me? "
	Quincy snorted. It was not easy for Lily to coax her today.
	Then Lily said, "Quincy! Sweet Quincy! Lovely Quincy! Please forgive me. It's all my fault today. I haven't been with you recently. I don't know what to do. Please forgive me. "
	Hearing that Lily called his name in a deliberately sweet voice, Quincy was disgusted. "What did you do today! Do you know how many times I called you? "
	"When I got up today, I was dressed well. Then I went out and didn't bring my cell phone. I came back and hurried to look for my cell phone. It's my fault. " Lily apologized sincerely.
	In fact, black Quincy was not so angry. After all, everyone would make such mistakes, but she was a little unhappy. She wanted to share her happiness with Lily but Lily didn't see.
	"Please don't be angry, Quincy. When school begins, I'll play basketball with you, okay? How long do you want? Let's play basketball together. " After Lily thought about it for a while, she didn't know how to compensate Quincy.
	"All right, all right. I will let bygones be bygones! I forgive you! But only once! Next time, I won't forgive you so easily! " Quincy knew Lily's sincere attitude, it was not a big deal anyway, so Quincy forgave Lily.
	"Quincy, You are the best! I promise this won't happen again! " Hearing that Quincy had forgiven her, Lily was happy and promised that she would pay more attention to her in the future.
	"Well, I have sent you some photos. Look at them first!" Quincy decided to tell Lily what she was going to say first.
	Then Lily hung up the phone. After that, she checked the messages sent by Quincy and saw many pictures. The photo was opened one by one. Lily couldn't help but give a surprised look as she saw the photos.
	In the picture posted by Quincy, there was almost a white snow kingdom. Although it was snowing in A City, it was rarely snowed. Unlike the northern city, the snow would be thick and soft, and the sound of crunch could be heard when stepped on it.
	In addition to the beautiful scenery, there were also handsome selfies of Quincy. Of course, the biggest highlight was the snowmen made by Quincy! It didn't look ugly, but it looked weird with a pair of big eyes and a tiny mouth. Quincy put a scarf on the snowman and took a selfie beside it.
	Quincy was tall, and the snowman was round and short. When these two were together, Lily suddenly had a kind of feeling that that was Quincy and herself.
	No, no, I'm not so short! So round! Illusion! Illusion!
	When Lily kept telling herself that it was only her illusion, James had already parked the car and came in.
	He knew that Lily would go to his room as soon as she came back, so he didn't say anything more. Since Lara was not at home, he made a cup of tea in the kitchen and a cup of hot milk for Lily.
	After making the milk, Lily still didn't come downstairs. At first, he didn't want to wake her up, but thinking of her sneeze in the car just now, and that she might catch a cold again, James carried the milk upstairs.
	As he walked, he felt that he was like raising a daughter, and the feeling was getting stronger and stronger.
	There was a knock on the door. When Lily walked out, James handed the glass of milk to Lily and said, "drink it while it's hot. Don't catch a cold."
	Lily took the milk. Then she suddenly remembered that she sneezed a few times in the car just now. But now she came back and enjoyed the heater at home. She felt comfortable holding the hot milk.
	"Are you hungry? You didn't eat much this afternoon. " Seeing that Lily had drunk the milk, James asked.
	She was surprised that he had noticed what she was doing. The warm parts were not Lily's body but also her heart. She smiled sweetly and said, "I'm not hungry. I'm full after drinking milk."
	"Well, that's good. Take a shower and go to bed early. " At the thought of Lily's sleepy look in the car, James couldn't help but urge her to go to sleep.
	Lily had been tired in the daytime. Therefore, she felt comfortable to take a hot bath.
Chapter 61 Feed Stray Cats
	All these days, Lily suddenly gave her winter vacation some meaning, and she liked it very much.
	It was feeding stray animals.
	One day, neither of them spoke. It was so quiet at home. Although James was also at home, neither of them spoke much. Now, even the dishes were sent here by someone arranged by him. Lily walked idly outside the villa. The air was so cold that she didn't go too far.
	It was still a little warm at noon. Lily put on her coat and took a walk outside quietly, enjoying the warmth at the moment without thinking anything.
	She walked slowly to a lawn. In the winter, the grass on the lawn had dried up to light yellow, which seemed to be warm with the sun.
	Lily walked over and suddenly found there were several cats lying on the lawn!
	The cats lay on the grass, basking in the sun. They looked relaxed and serene. After hearing Lily's footsteps, they raised their heads and squinted, as if they felt Lily not to harm them, so they closed their eyes comfortably.
	Seeing those cats, Lily felt envious and happy.
	She slowed down, slowly walked over and stopped not far from them. Then she squatted and watched them quietly. Those cats were not afraid of Lily and went back to sleep.
	"Kittens?" She reached out to touch those cute kittens.
	Hearing the Lily's voice, a little kitten raised its head and looked at Lily. It seemed it had thought about it and then walked towards her slowly. The little kitten seemed to be a bit afraid and excited. The cat came to her feet and slowly touched Lily's shoes with its head. Its tail was curled up. It moved around Lily's ankle to fawn on Lily.
	The kitten's appearance almost melted Lily's heart. She took her hand out of her pocket and gently touched the cat's head. Her eyes were full of affection and happiness.
	Then she looked at the other cats. Although they were stray cats, their hair was not dirty and smooth. They were free to enjoy the sunshine lazily.
	Being gently touched, the cat snored comfortably as if it was saying to Lily, "thank you. It's very comfortable."
	She decided to do something great in her mind! She decided to feed stray cats during her summer vacation!
	Once the decision was made, Lily was immediately launched!
	When she arrived at home, she found James working in the study. She walked quietly to the study and knocked on the door. She pushed the door open after getting his permission.
	"What is it?" He didn't raise his head, looking at the papers in his hand. He had gotten along with Lily for past few days. James knew Lily had something to do with him and that was why she had come to him.
	Lily had brewed the words to say in her heart for a long time. But after she saw James, she seemed to be unable to speak out a word.
	For a long time, there was no Lily's reply, so James put down the documents in his hands, looked up at Lily, and asked, "speak, what's up?"
	After pondering it over for a while, Lily said, "it's just... I felt bored these days and when I went out for a walk, I found several stray cats not far away from home. They are so cute and obedient. I was wondering if I could feed them. It's not easy to find food in winter, and there seems to be few people here. I'm afraid they might be hungry. " After that, Lily looked at the expression on James' face and thought, 'Fortunately, it was normal.
	'feed a stray cat?'? As a matter of fact, James did see several cats on the way here, but he seldom paid attention to them. She was very careful. James didn't want to allow Lily originally, feeding stray cats was not only meaningless, but also cause scratches.
	But when he saw Lily's expectant eyes, he was softhearted and agreed after careful consideration.
	"Of course you can. But you need the driver to accompany you. Whether you want to pick up a cat or feed it, you have to take the driver. Can you promise me? " James said, looking at Lily.
	"Fine! I promise! And I'll take a driver! " Hearing that James had agreed, Lily was thrilled. Without second thought, she promised him that as long as she could feed the cat, nothing else mattered.
	"Yes. And you have to feed the cat within an hour." After thinking for a while, James added one more sentence. He originally wanted to say she could not go there when the weather was bad, but on second thought, he could accompany her to go, so he gave up the idea.
	"Okay! Can I go with the driver to buy some food? I also want to go to the pet store. " Lily wanted to join in the selection of a cat food, and she wanted to take part in all the things.
	"Yes. Just be careful. "James picked up the file again.
	Lily left the office happily. Now that she had achieved her goal and she didn't want to disturb James' work anymore, she left the office with a big smile on her face.
	On the other hand, though James was carrying some files, he hadn't been focused on his work. He had been thinking about what had happened just now. If Lily wanted to stay with the driver all the time, the driver would be there to protect her. In that case, he shouldn't arrange an ordinary driver, he should arrange one who might be both a bodyguard and a driver.
	After weighing the pros and cons in his mind, an idea came to his mind. Without any hesitation, James dialed a number, and arranged someone to pick Lily up.
	After discussion with James, Lily was in a good mood. She sat in the living room, waiting for the driver to pick her up to the pet store.
	After the driver arrived, Lily asked him directly to drive her to the nearest pet store. After hearing the shop-owner's introduction, she bought a lot of cat food and various cans and began her cat-feeding journey.
	Every noon, she would take the cat food to the grass and feed the cats. The cats were not afraid of her, either because of the food, or because Lily were mild and warm. After a period of time, every time the Lily went away, she found that they did not sleep but seemed to be waiting for her.
	Lily called, the cats came over and rubbed against Lily's legs, starting to meow.
	After preparing cat food and canned food for them, Lily caressed them and watched them eating. They were well behaved when they ate. They never scrambled for the food and would not gobble it. They had good dining etiquette.
	At this time, the driver would wait quietly in the near distance.
	However, sometimes, troubles would come even if you were well prepared.
